The Madame Blanc Mysteries returns to Channel 5 and it will see Jean White (played by Sally Lindsay) have some friends to visit for the first time. A fellow antique dealer and his new husband are on their honeymoon in Sainte Victoire, but they find themselves in trouble. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. David and his new husband George just want to visit the beautiful antique shops, streets and sights of Sainte Victoire on their honeymoon. But they seem to have someone wanting to make their lives hell as before they left England a mirror fell from the wall, narrowly missing David. When they arrive in Sainte Victoire one of their bags has been cut, but who is after them? David is played by Les Dennis, a 69-year-old presenter and actor known for hosting Family Fortunes. He recently had a guest role in Death in Paradise, for which he underwent a shocking transformation. READ MORE: Les Dennis pays tribute to Sally Lindsay as he joins Madame Blanc  George is David's younger husband who is confused as to who would be trying to make their lives hell. One of David and George’s wedding presents was a mysterious pack of old Tarot cards, which could hold the answer. George is played by David Ames, a 39-year-old actor known for playing Dominic Copeland in Holby City. His other credits include He Kills Coppers, Doctor Who and The Telemachy. Alan is played by Alexander Newland, who has worked in the creative industry for more than 25 years. The actor and producer is known for his theatre work but also has plenty of TV credits to his name. He has appeared on Silent Witness, Cracker and Cast Offs to name a few projects. Alexander is also the co-founder of the award-winning technology company Visual Voice. DON'T MISS... Madame Blanc star left with 'lump in throat' over Christmas specialThe Madame Blanc Mysteries is what Britain needs, says Sally LindsayPrince Andrew is 'using 'Harry's attacks' to 'clear his name'  The rest of the main cast will be returning for the season's fifth episode, in which Jean takes David and George to see her new shop. They fall in love with the shop and Jean gifts George one of her treasures. One of David and George’s wedding presents was a pack of old Tarot cards which Charlie (Sanchia McCormack) examines. Charlie is shocked to discover they are very old, valuable and cursed. Although Jean is not phased by the idea of curses, she is very interested in knowing how much the cards are worth. However, David and George cannot help but worry about the curse as David fears someone is out to get him. An old friend explains the extent of the danger to Jean and she is forced to intervene. Can Jean and Dom get to them before it’s too late and the threats start to turn deadly? The Madame Blanc Mysteries continues on Thursdays on Channel 5 at 9pm 