The Royal Family has been urged to hit back at Prince Harry's bombshell tell-all memoir. Investigative journalist and biographer Tom Bower warned the Duke of Sussex's book Spare has caused "colossal damage" to the monarchy. Mr Bower, who authored royal book Revenge, insisted the royals "just can't sit back" and "have to find a way to answer back". The Royal Family has so far remained silent in the face of the Duke's fresh revelations, which are the latest in a series of attacks from the Montecito-based Sussexes. Mr Bower told Express.co.uk: "I think it's a mistake. I think they're just shellshocked and baffled and their advisers don't know how to cope with it. "And I don't think they can just sit there because in the end they've got to define what the monarchy is. "They've got to expel Harry, they've got to explain what allegations have been untruthful. They can't just rely on the media and common sense to defend them otherwise. "And I just think that's the problem the monarchy is so weakened and damaged by Harry, it does have to find a way to answer back and that's got to come at some stage." The biographer added: "It's the matter of when to choose the right moment to answer back and that's a very sensitive decision to take. But they're under attack as never before, this unprecedented attack." Mr Bower also dismissed reports the Sussexes will stop speaking out about the royals following Harry's book - which comes after their Netflix series, Oprah Winfrey sit-down chat and a series of other interviews. He said: "It's only over until the next salvo is fired at the Royal Family and they just can't in my view sit back and wait to be attacked again." Mr Bower warned the tome, which has become the fastest-selling non-fiction book in history, has damaged both the monarchy and the country. He said: "I think the damage is colossal, not only in Britain, but very much abroad for the Royal Family's and Britain's reputation. And I think it just plays into the hands of the republicans and those who don't wish Britain well." The respected journalist, who has written biographies on a host of high-profile figures including King Charles, added: "The Royal Family they're human beings, they've done some stupid things and they behave sometimes badly, but they don't deserve this." Meanwhile, he said that the book has done Harry and Meghan "a lot of good". Mr Bower said: "I think they've found a whole new group of sympathisers and supporters." Harry's memoir comes after several years of turmoil between the Sussexes and the royals in the wake of Megxit. He levels criticism at his older brother Prince William, father Charles and stepmother Camilla in the book. Among the most explosive claims Harry makes is that the Prince of Wales physically attacked him in a row over his marriage to Meghan at Nottingham Cottage in 2019. William and Kate faced a question about the book during a visit to the new Royal Liverpool University Hospital on Thursday which they ignored. The Waleses later went on an extensive walkabout where they greeted crowds of well-wishers, with one telling the future King: "Keep going Will, scousers love you." Meanwhile, Charles stepped out in Aberdeenshire on Thursday for his first public engagement since the memoir hit bookshelves. REVENGE: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors by Tom Bower out now in paperback, ebook and audio. 