  Major supermarket chains such as Tesco, Sainsbury's, Morrisons and Mark and Spencers have put their Easter range on display four months early, saying some shoppers wish to purchaise the festive treat ahead of time. Some Brits have taken to Twitter to complain they’ve “barely had enough time” to enjoy their Christmas chocolate while others were amused by the overlapping of seasonal goodies.      Brits on social media have reported seeing Easter eggs on shelves as early as Christmas Eve, despite the Christmas and New Year period officially ending on January 6. The Easter celebrations are also four months early, as the festival falls on April 9 this year. Some people found seeing Easter eggs and chocolate bunnies amusing, as some people reported they were delighted to have received creme eggs in their Christmas stockings. One Twitter user said: “I’m dreaming of a White (Cream Egg) Christmas.” While another announced it was officially the start of “Creme Egg season”.     On December 30, Rupa Huq, an independent MP for Ealing Central and Acton, tweeted a picture of easter chocolate on display at Tesco and said despite it being “well within” the Christmas period, there were “Easter eggs and bunnies as far as the eye can see.” Some expressed annoyance in the comments on finding Easter eggs on store shelves. One Twitter user accused Tesco of “p***ing everyone off” by having Easter Eggs in their stores only days after Christmas. Another user said they were “disgusted” to see Easter Eggs in Morrisons on New Year's Eve, stating that they hadn’t celebrated the New Year yet.   READ MORE: 'Easy' recipes to turn 'any leftover chocolate' into a dessert  Some Brits said they needed more of a break between holidays, with one social media user asking supermarkets to give them a “breather”. One Twitter user, on finding Easter eggs in Sainsbury's, said: “Putting out things like mini eggs before New Year is one thing, but actually putting out EASTER EGGS is a whole other.” Someone else joked: “Did we skip Valentine’s Day or have I missed it already?" However, supermarkets have said the mix of holiday chocolate is nothing out of the ordinary. DON'T MISS:Starbucks announces 10 new items to 2023 menu  [INSIGHT]The worst Christmas presents revealed in new survey [REVEAL]Twitter artist's blunder as he throws hot chocolate into bath [REPORT] A spokesperson for Tesco said: "It's a few weeks until customers are able to choose from our full range of Easter products. “However, we know some of our customers like to buy their eggs early, so we have started selling a small selection in some of our stores." Sainsbury's also said it was because of some customers being organised early, and said: "Each year we stock some seasonal products in advance of the main holiday period. This is because some customers like to buy gifts and longer-life items in plenty of time, or treat themselves early." A CO-OP spokesman said that Easter products appeared on shelves to replace all the Christmas chocolate being sold out. He said: "As Christmas products sell out and shelves become empty, some Easter products will appear in-store. Sales figures also show that many customers will buy chocolate eggs as soon as they can, and we believe it's right to offer our shoppers choice."