A man arrested in connection with a gun rampage at two farms in the US has been described as a "disgruntled worker". Officers apprehended 67-year-old Chunli Zhao after seven people were shot dead at agricultural businesses in California on Monday. Zhao, found in his car in a sheriff's office parking lot, is said have been working at one of the locations targeted in the shooting.  “Chunli was taken into custody without incident and the weapon was located in his vehicle,” San Mateo County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement. “There is no current outstanding threat to the community.” Authorities believe Chunli is a worker at the agricultural business where the Chinese-American farm workers were killed. San Mateo County Board of Supervisors President Dave Pine told Associated Press the attacks were committed by a "disgruntled worker". READ MORE:  The deadliest US shootings in last 40 years - and the map that shows spiralling crisis Zhao is expected to be arraigned on Wednesday, with officials saying prosecutors will review the available evidence and decide on charges. The killings occurred on the outskirts of Half Moon Bay, a city around 30 miles (48 kilometres) south of San Francisco. Half Moon Bay Vice Mayor Joaquin Jimenez said the victims included Chinese and Latino farmworkers. Some workers at one facility lived on the premises and children may have witnessed the shooting, she said. DON'T MISSSeven killed in California gun rampage [LATEST]William and Charles 'angry' with Harry [INSIGHT]Trump accused of friendship with mob boss [REPORT] Authorities said it wasn’t immediately clear how the two locations were connected. The Sheriff’s Office first received reports of a shooting just before 2.30pm at a mushroom farm off Highway 92, which serves as a major east-west corridor in the San Francisco Bay Area. Four people were confirmed dead at the scene from gunshot wounds and a fifth person injured at the first scene. Officers then found three more people dead from gunshot wounds at another farming business about three miles south on Highway 1. READ MORE: Gunman at large as 10 killed in mass shooting during Lunar New Year festival in the US About two hours after first responding, a sheriff’s deputy noticed the suspect, Chunli, in his car parked outside a sheriff’s substation in a strip mall and arrested him, recognising the car by its licence plate. A video of the arrest showed three officers approaching a parked car with drawn weapons Chunli got out of the car, and the officers pulled him to the ground, put him in handcuffs, and led him away. A weapon was found in his vehicle, officials said. The video was captured by Kati McHugh, a Half Moon Bay resident who witnessed the arrest. The sheriff’s department believes Chunli acted alone. “We’re still trying to understand exactly what happened and why, but it’s just incredibly, incredibly tragic,” said state Senator Josh Becker, who represents the area and called it “a very close-knit” agricultural community.