Leeds United have reportedly made contact with the agents of Roma star Nicolo Zaniolo as Jesse Marsch lines up his fourth signing of the transfer window. The Yorkshire club have already signed Max Wober, Georginio Rutter and Weston McKennie this month with the club aiming to climb the Premier League table. Zaniolo has been linked with a move away from Roma for most of the transfer window with a host of clubs believed to be interested in his services. Arsenal and Tottenham were among the first to be credited with an interest with AC Milan another to be heavily rumoured. Yet, it was Bournemouth that surprisingly agreed a deal for the player after bidding £26.4million. However, Zaniolo was not interested, reportedly refusing to even speak to the Cherries delegation annoying his current club in the process. The 23-year-old has now been banished from the first-team squad and may not play for the club again this season even if he does not get a move. Yet he could now be set to have a route out with Italian publication CalcioMercato reporting that Leeds have made contact with his agents. Leeds have only recently completed business in Italy after announcing the signing of Weston McKennie from Juventus on Monday. They can now try and utilise the contacts they have made in the country again by making a move for Zaniolo. The Italian international appears to have cut all ties with Roma with Jose Mourinho suggesting he does not want him to return to the side. “Unfortunately it seems I'm right," he told reporters. "It's been a month that he says he wants to leave. “I had given the day off on Monday and Tuesday was an optional day. All the players who were on the bench against Spezia came to train, the owners made a difference, these are the players who coach wants. Team players. Even those who were on the bench made themselves available. DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart  “He (Zaniolo) told me, the club and his teammates that he doesn't want to play for Roma. He said he doesn't want to return to play with the team, that he doesn't he wants to train with the team. That's why I say unfortunately . “After the match against Spezia I said that I thought he would stay and now I say unfortunately it seems that's what will really happen.”  It remains to be seen if Zaniolo will get the departure from Roma he craves despite the reported interest from Leeds. Time is rapidly running out for the midfielder ahead of the transfer window closing at 11pm on Tuesday.