Novak Djokovic is hopeful that his dad will be back in the stands for the Australian Open final on Sunday after he skipped his match against Tommy Paul. Srdjan Djokovic was caught in a storm inside Melbourne Park following his son's win over Andrey Rublev on Wednesday.  He was filmed posing with supporters of Russian president Vladimir Putin and the nation's flag being waved around him. Srdjan faced a huge backlash for his actions, which also saw him stand alongside a man wearing the pro-war 'Z' symbol on his t-shirt. It also brought further attention on Djokovic himself ahead of his semi-final against American Paul. Srdjan announced before the match that he would not be taking his usual seat in Rod Laver Arena, choosing to watch the match from home. The 21-time Grand Slam champion was able to come through the match unscathed, setting up a final with Stefanos Tsitsipas on Sunday. Djokovic faced a barrage of questions regarding his father's antics during his post-match press conference.  The Serbian tennis star defended his dad, insisting he was "misused by this group of people". And Djokovic hopes that his father feels well enough to return to the stands for his match against Tsitsipas. When asked whether a decision has been made on his father being back in his box for Sunday's final, Djokovic said: "Let's see. Of course, it wasn't, again, pleasant not to have him in the box. "It's a decision that we made together. Just didn't know how things will play out, I guess. Yeah, I hope to have him. I hope he's going to be feeling okay to be in the courts because I would like to have him there for the finals."  Sunday's final is a repeat of the 2021 French Open clash between Djokovic and Tsitsipas, where the Serbian tennis star came back from two sets down to win. But Djokovic is expecting an improved Tsitsipas on this occasion with the world No 5 impressing throughout the tournament. "I'm sure that he's going to be very motivated to win his first Grand Slam title." he added. "I know his game pretty well. He knows my game well. "We played several times in different surfaces. We played in one Grand Slam finals, was on clay, though, in Roland Garros some years ago. I know what's ahead of me, and I'm excited. Fortunately for me at this stage of my career, because of all the achievements, it is always basically every match or every tournament there is always something on the line, particularly when the Grand Slams are played. 