Tottenham have been told to sign “their own Virgil van Dijk” in the transfer market this month, as Antonio Conte has been warned that his backline is in need of strengthening. The Italian has suggested on several occasions that he may walk away from the club at the end of the season if his ambition is not matched financially, despite the club sitting fifth in the Premier League table and being through to the Champions League knock-out stages. Spurs brought Richarlison, Ivan Perisic, Yves Bissouma, Clement Lenglet, Djed Spence and Fraser Forster to the club this summer while also turning Cristiano Romero’s loan into a permanent move. However, former Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor has agreed with Conte that further investment is severely needed, especially at centre-back where a number of the club’s current options have been slated. “They have to go out and get their own Virgil van Dijk,” Agbonlahor told Football Insider. “When they brought in Lenglet, I was surprised – because he’d been found out at Barcelona. He doesn’t get into this Spurs team. “Ben Davies has got no pace. Eric Dier has no pace, and he’s calamitous. [Davinson] Sanchez is an accident waiting to happen. Romero is a top player, good on the ball – but he needs two partners. Tottenham like to play with a three, but they’ve only got one good defender. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE “They need some players in this area if they’re going to be anywhere near the top end of the table, and I think it’s somewhere where you need to spend big. There’s no point bringing in any more players like Lenglet.” Lenglet was signed as cover and to provide competition for Davies, as the two have shared minutes this season on the left of Conte’s back three. Spurs have struggled defensively though as eight Premier League clubs have conceded fewer goals than the north London side despite Conte’s pedigree for being a coach that can structure a capable defence. DON'T MISSMan Utd ‘schedule medical’ for first signing as Ten Hag lands his manTottenham may have found their next Dele Alli in 'clever' star Conte lovesRonaldo and Georgina Rodriguez to break Saudi Arabian law as lawyers speak out After the 2-0 defeat at home to Aston Villa on New Year’s Day, Conte explained further that his side are unable to compete with the teams around them spending up to £300m on transfers. "I don't have to think about what are the expectations. I know what is the reality,” Conte said. "I am the coach, I live the club every day, I know the situation, I know the vision of the club. The club knows very well my thoughts about the situation. The situation was very clear. I continue to work to improve the club, to create a solid foundation and then to develop. At the start of the season, I was very, very clear with the club. I said: 'Okay, we can be competitive to win, but try to continue to improve in a way we can do it.' "Because, also, you have to know there are clubs who can invest £200m, £300m and then other clubs who have different [policies]. You have to respect other [policies].”