A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a 15-year-old girl. The girl tragically died after being stabbed in the Priestpopple area of Hexham, Northumbria Police said. The incident happened on Friday evening at around 5.10pm.  Police officers were alerted by the ambulance service to a report of a teenage boy and girl who were injured in a suspected assault. Both victims were rushed to hospital, where the 15-year-old later died of her injuries. Chief Superintendent Sam Rennison said the girls family had been left devastated by the death of their daughter. The Area Commander for Northumberland and North Tyneside said: “A teenage girl has sadly died, leaving her family completely devastated beyond words. READ MORE: Disgraced paedo Gary Glitter, 78, will be released from prison in days "Another boy has also been seriously injured. “Our thoughts are very much with their loved ones at this awful time, and we are supporting them in every way we can. “We are determined to find out exactly what happened and bring anyone involved to justice. A full investigation is ongoing into the circumstances surrounding this tragic incident. “We have arrested a teenager in relation to the incident and officers remain in the area to carry out a range of enquiries and offer reassurance to the community. “While our investigation is at an early stage, we do believe all those involved are known to each other." DON'T MISSMurderer walks to pub with man hours before she fatally stabs him [NEWS]Woman arrested after going to school classes for four days [REVEAL]Crimewave myth exposed as survey show offences below pre-pandemic rate [SPOTLIGHT] She added: “We would like to thank the public for their continued support and cooperation and would ask people not to speculate on details of the investigation. “What might seem like an innocent post on social media to you, could in reality disrupt an ongoing investigation and cause further upset to the family of the victims. “We would ask that if you did see something or have information in relation to what has happened, and have not yet spoken to us, please come forward directly to officers.” Anyone with information is asked to contact police via the ‘Tell Us Something’ page of our website or by calling 101 quoting log NP-20230127-0795.