2023 starts under dark omens for the Islamic Republic of Iran … and not a moment too soon! As it were, the world’s biggest and most infamous sponsor of terrorism is running out of runway- and maybe more to the point political favours. Whatever patience our Western capitals may have been willing to dispense in favour of the status quo - hoping through their policies of appeasement to contain the threat posed by Iran’s ideologues, appears to be no longer. Reports broke this week that the UK is set to proscribe IRGC as a terrorist organisation, a blow Tehran most definitely did not anticipate, at least not at this particular juncture in time. In fact, I believe Iran’s regime has been so accustomed to our apathy that its officials felt entitled to their ever-growing belligerence.For decades now Tehran’s men have pushed, probed, and challenged our resolve, testing red line after red line as we took into the habit of retreating, fooled as we were by the notion that the regime could be reformed given the right incentives.But the Islamic Republic cannot be reformed, let alone reasoned with. So far, the only trajectory Tehran has pursued has been one marred by violence, bloodshed, repression, and indoctrination, both at home and abroad.Today it appears world powers have drawn a thick line in the sand, Britain firmly in the lead, as our officials decided, at last, to go after the regime’s very lifeline - the one institution which has as much defined the Islamic Republic as it has guaranteed its survival, the infamous Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps.Dubbed the Guardians of the Revolution, IRGC was established by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini to carry two main duties: to protect the Leadership from any, and all domestic threats, as well as bring new territories to its control. Arguably one of the most powerful paramilitary organisations worldwide, IRGC has been instrumental in propping countless terror groups across the MENA region, among which Hamas, Hezbollah and the Houthis. If in its early days Iran’s influence may have been limited to the immediate region, a threat we believed could be reined in through sanctions, and political isolation, Tehran’s determination to lay waste our secular democracies long ago prompted its ideologues to carve pockets of influence at the heart of capitals … was born Iran’s Terror-backed network. Iran’s nefarious footprint has become inescapable, its ability to cause harm undeniable.Last November Ken McCallum, MI5 director general, highlighted in a rare public speech the extent of the threat the regime now poses to our national security - a warning officials thankfully chose to act on to prevent any further challenge to our sovereignty. He noted: “Iran projects threat to the UK directly, through its aggressive intelligence services.At its sharpest, this includes ambitions to kidnap or even kill British or UK-based individuals perceived as enemies of the regime. We have seen at least 10 such potential threats since January alone.”Britain’s decision to outlaw IRGC has been a long time in the making. For months now interest groups, think tanks, and countless other actors have called on officials to intervene against the Islamic Republic, concerned that the UK’s apparent tolerance to the regime’s expansionist campaign jeopardised the integrity of our state institutions and ability to maintain order.If we consider that Tehran felt as bold as to dispatch death squads to our streets to silence prominent opposition voices, it is rather evident that actions had to be taken, and taken fast. To simply wish upon a star that a return to the JCPOA (nuclear deal) would somewhat magically neutralise Iran’s influence and quiet its ideologues’ belligerence towards our democracies was wishful thinking - not to say foolishly dangerous. More had to be done... and now it has.Grant you, our work is far from over! Outlawing IRGC is but one step in the right direction. But at least now we have a solid base to push from - new dynamics have been set in motion and that in itself is progress. By all accounts the Islamic Republic is not faring well … 2023 we may assume might spell the end of Khomeini’s ideological experiment - interestingly enough just as the nation is inching closer to acquiring a nuclear weapon.The one deterrent which was meant to secure the regime’s longevity and quiet nations’ resistance to its will, may not prevent its pending collapse.Plagued by ongoing protests at home and rumours that regional allies are slowly distancing themselves from Tehran over fears the regime is coming undone under popular dissent, the Islamic Republic is not half as strong as it would like to claim.And though it may still enjoy the favours of powerful friends - such as Russia and to some extent China, those alliances are based on political and economic convenience, and will unlikely survive the test of time should the regime fail to prove a useful actor.There lies a golden opportunity! Iran’s power lies today in its ability to project political strength and wield military deterrence. This may prove difficult to achieve as millions continue to call for freedom at home, especially as Iran’s economy finds itself on free fall, reeling from general strikes.The regime’s life force is slowly ebbing away - that is not to say that Iran no longer represents a threat. I would actually argue that as Iran falters, danger has never been more acute. And so it is crucial we exercise resolve, and work to further diminish the regime’s ability to rally support to its cause, cutting it off from its outposts and allow Iranians to break free from the clutches of authoritarianism.