A full kitchen refit can be costly and stressful, but if you’re happy with the layout and your cabinets are sound, why not consider painting what you’ve got? With a wide range of kitchen colours to choose from, painting your cabinets is a great way to give your kitchen a spruce. If you do the work yourself, there may even be money spare to splash out on new handles or worktops. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Pat Gilham, painting and decorating expert at Myjobquote.co.uk has shared six easy steps to get the best possible results when painting your kitchen cupboards. She said: “The kitchen is the heart of the home, so it deserves a little bit of attention every now and again. “Whether you are completely renovating your kitchen or you’re just looking for a simple refresh, painting the kitchen cupboards can give your space a completely new look and aesthetic appeal. “Plus, it doesn’t have to cost a lot either. It’s also worth considering painting the inside of your kitchen cupboards for a unique look and an extra pop of colour. Follow the necessary steps below to paint your kitchen cupboards.” READ MORE: ‘Vital’ step for ‘professional results’ when painting skirting boards Households will need to start by removing all of the handles and knobs from the cupboards and drawers. After, use some pieces of masking tape to protect the glass and hinges and put down some dust sheets to protect the other parts of the kitchen as needed. Running masking tape along the edges of the cabinets will protect walls and surfaces you don't want to get paint on. It'll also help to create a crisp edge Next, wash the cabinets down with a strong detergent solution or with sugar soap to remove all of the grease. Pat said: “This will give you a smooth canvas to work with. DON'T MISS‘Worst’ tip to water orchids as roots ‘take a hit’ - how to avoid [EXPERT]‘Problematic’ garden trends to ‘avoid’ or risk ‘dire consequences’ [INSIGHT]‘Save time’ cleaning your air fryer with 'game-changing’ tip [COMMENT] “Wipe away any of the remaining soap residue with a damp cloth and then allow the cupboards to air dry.” Once the cabinets are dry, sand them down with some fine sandpaper. Fill in any imperfections with some ready mixed filler and then sand the surfaces down again. The next step is to apply a wood or melamine primer to the cupboards, depending on the material. The expert advised: “It’s a good idea to use a small roller on the doors to ensure a smooth finish. This will create a finish that is easy to clean and provides a subtle sheen. READ MORE: Kitchen mistakes to avoid that are ‘big no nos’ for 2023 “If you are brushing the primer onto the cabinets, make sure you use a synthetic brush so that there will be no brush marks.” Once the primer is completely dry, apply two coats of your chosen paint colour. Most specialist cupboard paints are suitable for all wooden and acrylic cabinets. However, it's important to bear in mind that non-solid wood finishes, such as stainless steel, vinyl or laminate are more difficult to paint, as the paint can chip or peel. Once the first coat of paint is completely dried, sand the surface down with fine sandpaper to create a “smooth and professional-looking” finish. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Wipe away any dust with a damp cloth and allow the cupboards to dry. Then, apply the second coat and allow this to dry. Once the second coat is completely dry, carefully remove all of the masking tape. Then, put all of the knobs and handles back on. For those who want to improve the appearance of their kitchen cabinets even further, they may want to purchase some new hardware with quirky designs to help create a completely different aesthetic appeal. Once finished, remove the dust sheets and tidy up. Then, you can step back and admire your gorgeous new kitchen cabinets.