Two British nationals killed in a helicopter crash in Australia have been named as Diane and Ron Hughes and pictured for the first time. The married couple were among the four confirmed fatalities after two helicopters collided over Queensland. Diane and Ron Hughes, 57 and 65, were from Liverpool and married in 2021. Their families have said they are "heartbroken" and are still trying to get in contact with other family members and friends to let them know. Forty-year-old pilot Ash Jenkinson, who is said to originally have been from Birmingham, and 36-year-old Vanessa Tadros, who MailOnline reports is related to the couple, have been confirmed as the other victims. Ms Vadros's 10-year-old son who was on board is in a critical condition, while a 33-year-old woman and a nine-year-old boy are seriously injured.  Mr Jenkinson had worked as a chief pilot at Sea World Helicopters since 2019, and friends praised his mentorship and the assistance he provided during catastrophic floods in the New South Wales town of Ballina last year. The Gold Coast Bulletin reported he had become a father in September. His helicopter had been in the air for less than 20 seconds when it collided with the second Sea World Helicopter attempting to land. Mail Online reports that one of Mr Jenkinson's closest friends, Ritchie Gregg, says he was “a top guy, top gun and the best dad” and that his 17-month-old son Kaiden “would probably be asking where dad is” right now.   Mr Gregg sent a message to the pilot asking “hope that wasn’t you?” after hearing from one of their other friends that there had been a crash.   He said: “I heard at ten past two. So I sent the message and was waiting for an answer.   “When he and Kosha had their son (in September 2021) he was the most excited dad. (Kosha) is very silent, she's in shock Kaiden … would probably be asking where dad is.   “They only got married in October.   “Ash had the biggest heart and was the happiest guy. When he'd finished work flying he'd be straight home to see his boy.   “Family was his biggest thing.”     READ MORE: New laws coming in 2023 will affect homeowners, renters and pensioners   The forensic crash unit is investigating the incident with help from the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB). ATSB chief commissioner Angus Mitchell said it was a "remarkable achievement" there were not more deaths. He said: "The second helicopter coming in to land has remarkably managed to land upright, and considering the damage that was done to the front left-hand section of that helicopter where the pilot was sitting, that's a remarkable achievement. "Whilst it has been very tragic that four people have lost their lives and many families are in mourning, we could have had a far worse situation." Mr Mitchell said the "evidence collection phase" of the ATSB's investigation would take about six to eight weeks.  He added: "A final report will be published at the conclusion of the investigation, however, should any critical safety issues be identified at any stage during the course of the investigation, the ATSB will immediately notify relevant parties so appropriate safety action can be taken." Sea World Helicopters, the helicopter company involved, said it would be closed "until further notice". A placeholder message on the company's website said: "Sea World Helicopters is devastated by the tragic accident which happened on the Gold Coast on the 2nd January. "Our deepest sympathy and condolences go out to all those involved over this very sad time. We are closed until further notice and will refund all tickets purchased." DON'T MISSCouple ordered to cut £10k 6ft fence in half after neighbour row [PICTURED]Doctor lays bare chaos engulfing UK’s hospitals [REVEALED]Four men injured in stabbing at Irish hotel housing asylum seekers [REPORT]  Earlier, Australia's Prime Minister, Anthony Albanese, said his thoughts were with those affected by the incident. "Australia is shocked by the news of the terrible and tragic helicopter incident today on the Gold Coast," he said in a tweet. "My thoughts are with all those affected, including first responders, and my deepest sympathies are with those who are grieving." Queensland premier Annastacia Palaszczuk tweeted that it was an "unthinkable tragedy". She said: "My deepest sympathies are with each of the families and everyone affected by this terrible accident."  