Donald Trump has lambasted one of his largest support bases for “disloyalty”. The former President announced he would run again for the White House in November, but has since failed to drum up the same support he did in 2016. Now, in an interview with David Brody on Real America’s Voice, Mr Trump was told “some of these prominent evangelical leaders who backed you last time, they’re not yet willing to commit like Robert Jeffries”. Mr Brody suggested the Republican Party was not clearing the way for Mr Trump’s nomination like many had previously expected. In response, the former President swung at those “prominent evangelical leaders” for so far failing to endorse him. “That’s a sign of disloyalty. There’s a great disloyalty in the world of politics and that’s a sign of disloyalty,” he added. Mr Trump then argued he deserves the devotion of the religious right because “nobody has ever done more for ‘right to life’ than Donald Trump”. “I put three Supreme Court justices who all voted [to overturn Roe v. Wade]”, he noted. “They won, they finally won.” However, speaking to Vanity Fair in December, some evangelical leaders were hesitant to jump back in with the former President. “There’s a lot of people who share a lot of our similar thoughts but don’t want to go on record," Bob Vander Plaats, who hesitantly backed Mr Trump in 2016, told the outlet. “You can see that it’s almost a silent majority right now.” READ MORE: Biden's luck 'has run out' as new files discovery cracks protection Also in December, televangelist James Robison, who served as a spiritual adviser to Mr Trump, likened the former president to a “little elementary schoolchild” while addressing the National Association of Christian Lawmakers. In the 2020 election, where Joe Biden beat out Mr Trump, the Republican incumbent enjoyed support from White evangelical voters. Exit polls from Edison Research showed that 75 percent of white evangelicals voted for Mr Trump in 2020, compared with 81 percent four years before. DON'T MISS Ana Walshe's husband has chilling Google search history listed US tipped to exploit UK weakness to for 'advantageous' Brussels deal Megyn Kelly laughs at Prince Harry's 'todger' troubles Meanwhile, Mr Trump is preparing to return to social media platforms Twitter and Facebook after being suspended for inciting violence in 2021. According to NBC News, the former President looks to use the platforms to promote his 2024 run for office. His campaign is formally petitioning the parent company of Facebook – Meta – to reopen his account. In a letter, it said: “We believe that the ban on President Trump’s account on Facebook has dramatically distorted and inhibited the public discourse.”