The latest instalment of Happy Valley began with Sergeant Catherine Cawood (played by Sarah Lancashire) confronting Clare Cartwright (Siobhan Finneran) about Ryan's (Rhys Connah) visits to his father, Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton), who is in prison. It also emerged that her grandson had been writing to his dad since he was 10 years old. Catherine felt betrayed after finding out that Clare and Neil Ackroyd (Con O'Neil) had been arranging the visits for Ryan and had kept it a secret from her. In the end, Catherine emotionally gave Ryan an ultimatum and said that he couldn't live with her if he wanted to continue seeing Tommy. Without giving the gruesome details about Tommy's crimes, Catherine broke down as she spoke with her beloved grandson about it. As she fought back tears she told him: "Everything I have done has always been in your best interests." READ MORE: James Martin hugs Brian Turner as he makes 'stammer' confession Towards the end of the episode, things took a dramatic turn when Faisal (Amit Shah) hit Joanna Hepworth (Mollie Winnard) over the head. The pharmacist got angry with the mum when she decided she didn't want to have her husband, Mr Hepworth(Mark Stanley) killed after all. However, in a moment of madness, Faisal lashed out and hit Joanna, who fell to the floor. The young mum was still alive, although, as the instalment concluded, Faisal was seen preparing a lethal injection which would kill Joanna. Throughout the series, fans have been coming up with theories about the storyline and what will happen next. Many fans took to social media to share their thoughts on the latest episode, believing that Faisal will frame Mr Hepworth for Joanna's murder. Others claim the football coach has some kind of link to Tommy. Andre wrote: "I bet Faisal the pharmacist is going to pin it on Mr Hepworth #HappyValley." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb's true identity in Nicky twist [SPOILERS]Happy Valley writer explains dark meaning behind show's title [INSIGHT]Dancing On Ice's Patsy Palmer dealt blow hours before live show [ODDS] Jane C replied: "Seems fair. I mean pharmacist under a lot of stress. Dealers threatening his family etc." (sic) Beth theorised: "The dodgy pharmacist. Hepworth to get the blame after telling Ryan (who will tell Catherine) about his marriage problems. #HappyValley." (sic) "I dunno if I’m more scared of the pharmacist or the football coach. #HappyValley," Erin penned. Lex explained he believes Mr Hepworth and Tommy will have an encounter in prison. They predicted: "I think the PE teacher is going to get the blame, end up in prison with Tommy, and won’t last 5 minutes when he realises it’s the horrible teach Ryan has told him about… #HappyValley." (sic) Joseph added: "New theory: D******d teacher gets falsely accused, Tommy (and Ryan) then uses this to claim the same happened to him. #HappyValley." Throwing another idea into the mix, Niamh said: "Wait what if the PE teacher was the one who gave Ryan Tommy Lee Royce’s new prison address?! #HappyValley." Zoe Welch claimed: "Does the teacher know Tommy? He's probably the same age." Happy Valley airs on Sunday at 9pm on BBC One.