Bathroom maintenance is vital to keep on top of, but it can feel overwhelming. It’s frustrating enough tackling stubborn stains, tackling nasty odours and keeping your bathroom sparkling, but when there’s a multitude of cleaning products on the market, it can be hard to find one you can rely on. But what if there was one product that could just about tackle all your bathroom cleaning chores and for such low cost. Experts at Sanctuary Bathrooms argue that that humble vinegar can be “just as effective” at keeping your bathroom clean as those rows of spray bottles and cleaning agents in the supermarket. From its numerous uses to exactly why it’s so good at keeping the dirt away, here’s how versatile vinegar really is. So why is vinegar good for cleaning? According the experts, vinegar makes a “great and effective household cleaner” as it’s made from acetic acid  - an ingredient in store-bought household cleaners - however vinegar is more eco-friendly and “a lot cheaper”. They added: “Vinegar is good for cleaning because it’s acidic which means it’s able to dissolve dirt, grease, grime and kill bacteria, making it perfect for cleaning your bathroom." In particular, it is white distilled vinegar that is “the best for cleaning” as it doesn’t contain a colour agent, like dark coloured vinegar, so it won’t leave any stains. White distilled vinegar has about five percent acidity which is the same as many store-bought household cleaners, making it the “best cheap alternative”, hidden in everyone’s kitchen cupboard. However, if you don’t like the smell of the white vinegar, there are alternatives. You can either use diluted apple cider vinegar, which doesn’t smell as strong but may leave a stain, or you could add a few drops of scented oil to your white vinegar to remove the smell. White wine vinegar is also great for cleaning, working best when it’s heated up. READ MORE: ‘Cheap’ kitchen staple to remove radiator rust ‘without damage’ When cleaning with vinegar you may need to mix it with something else to clean different things. Most of the time, a mixture of vinegar and water in a 50/50 solution will suffice. Cleaning bathroom mould with white vinegar Bathroom mould is a common problem, caused by lingering moisture and lack of ventilation, especially around the bath and shower. The pros said: “The best way to clean bathroom mould with vinegar is simple and easy to do.” Begin by filling a spray bottle with white distilled vinegar. Spray the white vinegar directly onto the mould and let it sit for 10 to 15 minutes. Once it has been sat, use a soft damp cloth to wipe away the vinegar and the mould. If any stubborn mould is left, make a paste of distilled vinegar and baking soda and rub it onto where the mould is left. Then use an old toothbrush to scrub away the mould and wipe with a damp cloth. To finish, rinse the now mould free area to remove any paste which is left. Cleaning bathroom tiles with white vinegar Bathroom tiles can easily become dirty, but they can be easy to clean, even when there’s no cleaning products in the house, according to the pros. Using what, you ask? White vinegar and water. DON'T MISS‘Crucial’ dehumidifier mistakes to avoid - ‘will cost you more money’ [EXPERT]Six ‘exceptional’ houseplants for removing mould and condensation [INSIGHT]‘Most effective’ household ingredient to remove damp clothing smells [TIPS] Start by mixing 125ml of white vinegar and a litre of warm water into a bowl. Then dip a soft cloth into the mixture then scrub the tiles well. If the water becomes cold or dirty, then change it to get the “best results”.  After that rinse the tiles. The bathroom experts added: “The best thing about this is that this vinegar solution is ideal for use with both bathroom wall and floor tiles.” Cleaning bathroom grout with white vinegar The grout in between tiles can be extremely hard and frustrating to clean. The good thing is that cleaning bathroom grout is simple with baking soda and vinegar and “it gives great results”. To do this, fill a spray bottle with white vinegar and spray the vinegar directly onto the grout. Sprinkle baking soda on top of the vinegar and leave the vinegar and baking soda to work for at least 10 minutes. After that scrub with an old toothbrush and wipe away using a damp cloth and rinse. Repeat as many times as necessary. The pros commented: “The baking soda on top of the vinegar makes a big difference and helps speed up the process. Once you have finished cleaning your tiles and grout your bathroom will look like new.” Cleaning bathroom taps with white vinegar Limescale and dirt can build up on taps becoming an eyesore and if not cleaned will become even worse. Luckily cleaning bathroom taps with vinegar is “effortless and straightforward”. That said, it’s not recommended for gold plated or chrome plated taps as it can damage the finish. READ MORE: Rid taps of ‘stubborn’ limescale ‘instantly’ with ‘magic’ 2p hack For this method, soak a cloth in lemon juice and white vinegar. wrap the cloth around the tap and leave it on overnight. In the morning remove the cloth and wipe down the taps with a different damp cloth and then “the taps will come out like new”. Unclogging bathroom drains with white vinegar A clogged drain can be extremely annoying and unclogging a drain with a poor method can be even worse. Thankfully, you can use a solution of baking soda and vinegar to easily unclog drains. Pour boiling water down the drain and mix a solution of baking soda and vinegar. Pour the solution down the drain, leaving it for 15 minutes. Pour down more boiling water. It should then start to bubble - this is when it can be rinsed Cleaning toilets using white vinegar Toilet stains can be unsightly and a nightmare to get rid of. It’s a common problem, however while it doesn’t look good there is a way to fix it. Add 250ml of white vinegar to a bowl and let it sit overnight. The next day sprinkle the toilet bowl with baking soda and scrub the bowl using a brush which has been dipped into the vinegar. Finally, add more baking soda then scrub again with the brush which has been dipped in the vinegar. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Cleaning shower glass using white vinegar Showers are notoriously a nuisance to keep clean, with fingerprints, soap suds and scuffs threatening to ruin the finish. Cleaning shower glass using vinegar “couldn’t be easier or give any better results”, says the experts. They advised first mixing white vinegar and water into a 50/50 solution and then pouring the mix into a spray bottle and shaking. Then spray on the glass, wipe with damp cloth and then rinse. Cleaning a bath using white vinegar A centrepiece in any bathroom, a bath is arguably the most important – and annoying – fixture to keep clean. There are countless methods and mixtures that promise the world, but while the thought of cleaning the bath may put some people off, cleaning a bath with white vinegar is simple and gives “great results”, making your bath “look like new”. Start by putting white vinegar into a spray bottle and sprinkling baking soda into the bath. Then spray the vinegar on top of it. After that scrub hard with a brush and rinse.