The weather may have grown frostier but Love Island is returning to bring back those summer vibes with its winter edition ready to make its debut. As always, a group of singletons are heading to a villa to see if they can find true love and those who do may be in with a chance of getting their hands on the £50,000 jackpot. Here's everything there is to know about the latest season of Love Island and when it watch it. Love Island will be kicking off with its new series tonight, Monday, January 16, at 9pm on ITV2. Like with past seasons, the reality show will be airing nightly from Sunday to Friday, with an Unseen Bits episode airing on Saturday night. There will also be the spin-off show After Sun following Love Island every Sunday night at 10pm on ITV2. On top of the series coming out with a new episode almost every night, it will be on our TVs for quite some time. READ MORE: BBC News' Joanna Gosling speaks out after quitting ahead of merger This winter edition of Love Island is expected to be roughly the same length as the usual summer series which is about eight weeks. So fans can expect the grand finale to air sometime in mid-March where a couple will be crowned the winners. Of course, a major difference with this new series is the fact that presenter Laura Whitmore will no longer be hosting after she stepped down from her position last year. Stepping into her shoes this time around to guide the singletons through the dramatic process will be presenter and DJ Maya Jama. Talking to The Times, Maya said she believed she was too young before to take on the role. She said: "Once you start doing TV, you meet a lot of producers through different shows, and the heads will be aware of talent. "That’s weird to call yourself talent, isn’t it? I talk for a living. It’s not exactly tap dancing everywhere or performing a ballad. "So I think I’ve always been in their eyeline, but I was super young when the presenter shifts were happening in the past. "They knew about me but I was always a bit too young, and obviously, there were previous hosts anyway." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Carla Connor killed by Stephen  [THEORY]Here's a look at the new Love Island cast [CAST]No reason for a Love Island for grown-ups, says JENNIFER SELWAY [EXPLAINER] Another key difference with this series is the fact it won't be held at the stunning villa where the summer series takes place. Rather than Majorca in Spain, the winter edition of Love Island is filmed in Cape Town, South Africa. This is the second ever winter series to be filmed in Cape Town, making its return for the first time since 2020. With Covid travel restrictions no longer an issue, this new season has been able to go ahead without a hitch. According to reports, this Love Island villa is worth more than £5million and has views of Table Mountain. In addition, it has a rugby pitch, zip line, a 400m running track, private lake and a massive swimming pool. It is also believed to have 17 bedrooms in total so plenty of room for all of the Islanders. Love Island starts tonight, Monday, January 16, at 9pm on ITV2.