   Rapper Kanye West has reportedly tied the knot with Yeezy architect Bianca Censori in a private ceremony. News of the star’s sudden wedding comes just two months after his very public divorce from reality star Kim Kardashian.      The Gold Digger hitmaker and new love Bianca were apparently spotted wearing wedding bands. According to reports from TMZ, the union isn’t legal, however, because the pair do not appear to have filed a marriage certificate. Kanye shares four children with his ex-wife Kim: Psalm West, North West, Saint West and Chicago West. Express.co.uk have approached Kanye’s representatives for comment.     Sources told the US publication how Bianca has worked as an architectural designer at Yeezy for several years. They also claimed that the pair had enjoyed some form of wedding ceremony, even if it wasn’t legally-binding. The star was reportedly wearing a wedding ring this week when he and Bianca arrived at the Waldorf Astoria in Beverly Hills. In what can only be a tribute to his new flame, just last month the rapper released a new song, titled Censori Overload.      The outlet went on to point out how one line in the song hints to why the pair might have wanted a quick wedding ceremony. They highlighted the lyric: "And The Bible said, 'I can’t have any more sex til marriage.’” The pair were seen sharing a meal at the Waldorf earlier this week, according to the publication, although they were not seen publicly as a couple before that point. The news comes after the very public breakdown of Kanye’s marriage to Kim. READ MORE... Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss [INSIGHT] Lisa Marie Presley slurs words at Golden Globes just before death [NEWS] Lisa Marie Presley, 54, dies two days after Golden Globes appearance [NEWS]     In February, 2021, it was reported that the Keeping Up With the Kardashians star had filed for divorce after seven years of marriage. Plans were also announced for the pair to share joint custody of their four young children. Back in October 2021, in an opening monologue that pulled no punches when she was hosting US comedy show Saturday Night Live, Kim surprised viewers by joking she had left Kanye for his “personality”. In one particularly biting comment that she made was towards her ex-husband, she said: “I married the best rapper of all time.     “Not only that - he’s the richest black man in America. “A talented, legit genius who gave me four incredible kids. “So when I divorced him, you have to know it came down to just one thing - his personality.” Kim admitted that the jibe “sounded mean” but insisted that she was striving to “be honest” - a tactic that earned a lot of laughs from the crowd.   