Royal style icon Queen Camilla never fails to look chic. Today she stepped out alongside King Charles wearing head-to-toe camel. This is a look worn by several royals recently. Camilla looked effortless as she stepped out this morning wearing a mid-length camel coat and matching hat. Mindful of sustainable fashion and recycling her pieces, Camilla has been seen wearing both of these items before. The Queen Consort's fit and flare coat boasted some structured shoulders and nipped in the waist, creating an hourglass silhouette. Camilla wore the same coat just days ago during a visit to Norbrook Community Centre in Manchester. READ MORE: Kate's style choice that Diana wouldn't have gone for - pictures  Camel is a favourite colour among the royals, with Queen Letizia of Spain stepping out in a camel coat just days ago when she attended the Spanish Federation for Rare Diseases headquarters. In November 2022, Kate wore an almost identical camel coat to both Letizia and Camilla as she stepped out in Scarborough. Even more recently, Kate stepped out in another camel coat when she visited Foxcubs Nursery in Luton. She chic royal paired this with a vibrant burnt orange turtleneck and mid-length skirt. Camilla paired her coat today with a furry brown hat. She complemented her camel ensemble with her signature black suede boots for the ultimate wintery look. In typical Camilla fashion, she wore her hair down and flicked outwards. As for makeup, she looked to be wearing an everyday look, complete with dewy foundation, a sweep of blush and a touch of pink lipstick. The royal was noticeably matching with husband King Charles, who opted for a smart brown coat. READ MORE: Camilla and Beatrice refuse to get involved in popular royal trend He wore this with smart black trousers, black shoes and a burgundy scarf. While Camilla, Kate and Letizia love wearing camel tones, this is a colour we rarely saw the late Queen wear. The monarch did own some camel and brown pieces however she was more likely to be spotted wearing something bright and bold. She was even once reported to have said she couldn't wear beige because "no one would know who I am".  Instead, she was known for her vibrant monochromatic coat dresses and hats, in all colours of the rainbow. In the documentary The Queen at 90, daughter-in-law Sophie Wessex explained why. She said: "She needs to stand out for people to be able to say, ‘I saw the queen'. “Don’t forget that when she turns up somewhere, the crowds are two, three, four, 10, 15 deep, and someone wants to be able to say they saw a bit of the queen’s hat as she went past.”