The haircare creator and expert explained how long you need to wash your hair to properly eliminate grease and be able to leave your hair longer between washes on her TikTok account @meinsteadhair. She claimed to wash her hair for four minutes. Mum Suzi explained in her video: "So if you get greasy hair quickly, try this hack. I realised I was really actually washing my hair but maybe like 30 seconds, probably because I'm a mum so I'm always in a rush. "And then I tried washing my hair like four minutes. So I stood in the shower, I switched off the water and massage the shampoo into my scalp, for four minutes and then I rinsed it out. "I did a quick repeat wash because I only wash my hair once or twice a week, and honestly it made my hair last so much longer in between washes before it got greasy. "I think it's just because I really, really cleaned the grease and the impurities are off my scalp, so there was nothing left over. READ MORE: 'Secret weapon for oomph': How to get volume in hair - beauty guru's £1.50 hack "Whereas probably if I was only washing my hair for 30 seconds, there's lots of grease already left and it totally makes sense. Greasy hair girls, go and give that a try." The British content creator is a hair expert who creates salon-quality professional shampoo bars. Me Instead is a brand of plastic-free haircare bars. The £12 bars come in various scents for different types of hair, including a peppermint and rosemary bar for oily hair. Reactions in the comments showed just how differently people approach washing their hair. One wrote: "I literally wash my hair for 20 mins." On the other hand, another said: "I take like half an hour to wash my hair." DON'T MISSHow to grow hair: 10 best products from dryer to oil [COLUMN] 'Massive hairstyle mistake' could be ageing you [EXPERT] £1.50 product to transform hair 'from flat to voluminous' [HAIR] Hair gets greasy because the scalp naturally produces oil. Some people's scalps produce more oil and some less. On the other hand, some people's hair absorbs more oil and has the appearance of looking more greasy than other people's hair. Curly hair can generally be left for a longer period of time between washing without looking greasy, while straight hair can look greasy more easily.