Jonnie Irwin, 49, has taken to social media to give fans an update on his incurable cancer as he revealed he is “trying to starve a tumour” with a “tailored” diet. The former A Place in the Sun presenter was diagnosed with lung cancer in 2020 and was later given just months to live after learning the disease had spread to his brain. Jonnie shared a picture last night of his dinner, which appeared to consist of just a single prawn skewer. Along with the snap, Jonnie penned a caption asking fans not to worry about his weight loss as he was following a “tailored” regime. He explained: “For those who are worried that I’m starving myself don’t worry. Im not. “I’m trying to starve a tumour by blocking its feeding pathways, by taking 'off label' drugs as well as a tailored diet -losing weight is deffo not the aim !” (sic) READ MORE: Bond Girl Eva Green blames 'being French' for branding bosses 'stupid' The TV star added: “Plus exercise and key supplements with the expert help of @how_to_starve_cancer x” Fans soon rushed to the post’s comments section to share their support and send the star their well-wishes as he continues to battle the disease. Cairfran commented: “Whatever it takes, I pray it works for you. So happy every time I see you post, come on Jonnie.” Claire.miller.1976_ added: “You don't have to justify anything, you do what makes you happy.” Lottieflapjack typed: “I heard about this.. don’t feed it like sugar etc?! “I so hope this helps you lovely. I’m literally praying!!!” Earlier this month, Jonnie revealed he had met with his “mentor”, author Jane Mclelland, who wrote the book How to Starve Cancer. Jane's book has been described as “ground-breaking” as she described her own remarkable journey with cancer, and the medical discoveries she made on the way. DON'T MISS...Lord Alan Sugar blasts 'exploitative' employees working from home [LATEST]Zoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update [RADIO]James May slams Jeremy Clarkson's 'creepy' Meghan Markle comments [ROYAL] Through the meeting, Jonnie aimed to find inspiration to remain positive despite his “hopeless” situation. Sharing a photo of himself with Jane, Jonnie typed: “It was a privilege to meet my mentor Jane Mclelland today, author of @how_to_starve_cancer. “Her story is truly an inspiration and in my opinion a must-read for anyone affected by cancer. “It’s inspired me to change my lifestyle and importantly given me hope in an otherwise hopeless situation. “Don’t get me wrong- it’s bl**dy hard but I’m on board,” he added. Jane herself responded in the comments section: "So lovely to meet you @jonnieirwintv! I know it's a tough road but you are determined and strong. “Your positivity was so good to see. Here for you and Jess to help where I can and to point you in the direction of others when I can't. “Sending lots of love to you both,” she finished.