Thursday afternoon provided the newest real-time example when Republican Congressman Kevin McCarthy’s bid for Speaker of the House of Representatives failed for an eighth time after 20 populist Republican rebels once more opposed his candidacy. Such obstructionism has led legendary Republican strategist Dick Morris, who also rescued President Bill Clinton’s reelection campaign after the Democrats’ 1994 midterm debacle, to refer to House Republicans as “the gang who couldn’t shoot straight.” As the new House cannot move on to the nation’s business until the Speaker’s enormously powerful position is filled, Republican divisions risk alienating the public. Voters may conclude the Republicans cannot govern themselves, let alone the country, as they are portrayed by the media as obsessed with obstructing governance rather than leading the government in a better direction. The rebels’ opposition to McCarthy is driven by policy, personality, and political concerns. On policy, they advance an admirable menu of overdue procedural reforms. Most importantly, the rebels want to halt the steamroller approach outgoing House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats brought to the budget-making process. The rebels seek to open the appropriations process so the House may vote on each of the 13 separate appropriation bills, instead of packing them all together in a single gargantuan bill that gets rammed through Congress. Last month’s $1.7 trillion omnibus spending package is but the latest example of a bill running to several thousand words that receives legislative approval despite very few legislators having read or understood its contents. Such a reform would allow members to separate out and vote on each of the individual earmarks (pet political projects) surreptitiously stuffed into spending bills. The rebels also want the next Speaker to hold fast on the government’s debt limit, that is, to not agree to a limit increase, unlike Republican Senate Leader Mitch McConnell. On personality, Republican rebels fear McCarthy is McConnell’s Mini-Me. McConnell epitomises everything the party’s populist base despises about the Washington D.C.-based political class. He lives and breathes institutional, establishment Republicanism where consensus-seeking and deal-making are considered virtues, while principled stands and sympathy with public sentiments are veritable vices.  The rebels fear McCarthy will cave to Democratic demands as easily as McConnell has throughout his record-setting tenure. Rather than oppose President Biden’s legislative push for additional trillions in government spending during Congress’ recent lame-duck session, McConnell enabled its passage by facilitating 18 Republican Senate votes. It is also said McCarthy will be as dictatorial as Pelosi when wielding the Speaker’s gavel. The rebels fear he will not respect small-d democratic norms in the operation of the House. The central problem for McCarthy’s opponents, however, is that, although he may indeed fail Republican voters and legislators, they cannot prospectively prove he will do so. The rebels are on stronger, retrospective ground regarding McCarthy’s demonstrated a preference for establishment Republicans over populists. As House Minority Leader, throughout last year’s midterm campaign, McCarthy put his thumb on the electoral scale to make it harder for anti-establishment candidates to win Republican primaries and for anti-establishment Republican candidates to win election to Congress. McCarthy’s divisive tactics stemmed from his ill-considered strategy (analogously and artfully employed by McConnell in respective senate campaigns) that a large Republican House majority would be unwieldy and uncontrollable given the sizeable number of anti-establishment populists swept into Congress. McCarthy preferred a smaller, manageable majority that he could control far more easily. McCarthy’s machinations contributed to last November’s historically anomalous outcome: a healthy Republican national popular vote victory surprisingly resulted in a meagre majority of House seats. The political irony is McCarthy now has the partisan arithmetic he sought. Yet, the anti-establishment populists possess the numbers to prevent, or at least delay, McCarthy’s ascension. Should congressional Republicans truly want to change the media narrative, they could always elect Donald Trump as Speaker for the first 100 days of the new Congress. Trump as a temporary Speaker would buy McCarthy more time to win over recalcitrant rebels. House Speaker Trump would also make journalistic and Democratic heads explode. A win-win for McCarthy and Republican voters. 