Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle have been in the spotlight in recent months, making global headlines with their onslaught of royal revelations. Their Netflix documentary series was swiftly followed by the publication of Harry’s book and promotional media interviews, within which the Prince delved into the secrets that lie within the Palace walls. Now, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are expected to take a step back, with some speculating that the couple will stay out of the limelight for the foreseeable future. However, one commentator has outlined the “perfect way” for Harry and Meghan to make a comeback, arguing that the pair need to “reinvent” themselves and their image. Perez Hilton, a long-time celebrity columnist, discussed what could be next for the Duke and Duchess, offering his advice for the royal couple. Appearing on this week’s episode of the To Di For Daily podcast, he suggested that the couple should “reinvent” themselves and claimed the best way to do so would be to move back to the UK. He told host Kinsey Schofield: “I would say they need to reinvent. And the best way to reinvent would be to give it another year in the United States, then they have to go grovelling back to the UK and move back there.” Ms Schofield asked: “Do you think the UK would take them?” READ MORE: Harry and Meghan ally calls on pair to 'be aware of line' with Firm or face 'risky spot' “Absolutely. Especially if they apologise,” Mr Hilton replied. “But that would be a great way of reinventing, maybe not in a year or two but eventually — within the next five years. “They need to move back to the UK. That would give them a whole new [image]...I see it all now, within the next three to five years, that's the perfect way for them to reinvent.” However, prior to Mr Hilton's comments, Harry declared he and Meghan will never return to the UK. During his appearance on Good Morning America, he said he does not believe it will ever be possible for him and the Duchess to return to come back as working royals. “Even if there is an agreement or an arrangement between me and my family, there is that third party that is going to do everything they can to make sure that isn’t possible,” the Prince told host Michael Strahan, understood to be in reference to the media and competing royal press offices. “Not stopping us going back, but making it unsurvivable. Because that's essentially breaking the relationship between us.” He did, however, go on to indicate that roles within the Commonwealth could be appealing. “There was something in the future where we can continue to support the Commonwealth that of course is on the table.” The interview came as Harry's popularity plummeted to a record low, with around two-thirds of Britons (64 percent) holding a negative view of the Duke, up from 46 percent in September last year. Just 26 percent of Britons viewed Harry favourably, the YouGov poll found, a dramatic drop from a previous high of 81 percent in November 2017 — after he and Meghan started dating. But, while Harry has seemingly shut down any hopes of him and Meghan returning to the UK, he insisted he is open to a reconciliation with his family, telling ITV's Tom Bradby he wants his father King Charles and brother Prince William back and claiming his efforts to reunite privately had failed. When asked whether he would return for his father's Coronation in May, Harry said it was up to his family to make the decision. “There's a lot that can happen between now and then. But, you know, the door is always open. The ball is in their court,” he said. “There's a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they can — that they are willing to sit down and talk about it, because there's a lot that's happened in six years. And prior to that as well. Harry and Meghan moved to North America, and later California, following their exit from the Royal Family in 2020. They now reside in Montecito, an affluent suburb, where they are raising their two young children — three-year-old Archie and one-year-old Lilibet. Since stepping down from their royal roles, the Duke and Duchess have returned to Harry’s home country only on rare occasions. The Prince first visited in April 2021, for the funeral of his grandfather Prince Philip, and again in July of that year to unveil a statue in tribute to his mother. Meghan, however, did not return until April 2022, when she and Harry visited privately before jetting to The Netherlands for the Invictus Games. They travelled to the UK two months later to celebrate the late Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee, and again in September for a week of charity events, a stay that was extended following the death of Her Majesty. It remains unknown whether Harry and Meghan will attend the Coronation of King Charles III.