The couple leads a healthy lifestyle in the Berkshire countryside, a village called Bucklebury. The famous mother of three is a successful businesswoman too, running her entertainment business Party Pieces. But what does Carole eat in a day to stay looking so slim and radiant? Carole has reportedly always been an advocate of watching what she eats and keeping active according to her brother Gary Goldsmith. READ MORE: Queen Camilla's friendship with key royal might be 'tested' - claims  Mr Goldsmith said: “Carole has always looked after herself and eaten healthily, and she has a stunning figure. “That mentality of considering your diet and exercise is evident in the girls also," he told the Daily Mail. In 2011, ahead of Kate’s wedding to William, her mother reportedly took on the Dukan diet, helping creator Dr Dukan’s book sales soar. The diet was based on the theory of the French nutrition specialist who boasted that the diet allows those partaking to “eat whatever you want and still be thin".   Carole has shared how she follows a specific diet plan in the past, allowing her figure to stay so great. "I’ve recently gone vegan. Or maybe that should be flexitarian," she told The Telegraph. It was reported that both Carole and Pippa have also both followed the "Sirtfood" diet. This means only particular foods are allowed such as blueberries, dates, capers, olive oil and rocket. READ MORE: Two very different royal homes show 2023's biggest interior trends   Like the King and Queen Consort, Carole likes to grow her own vegetables at home and encourages her grandchildren to get involved. Carole also shared that she grows carrots, beetroot and onions. The grandmother of six has said she encourages Prince George, Princess Charlotte, Prince Louis, and Pippa's three children to eat healthily by teaching them how food is grown. In addition, Carole clearly loves healthy eating, because she has stated that her favourite room in the house is the kitchen.   She explained: "My kitchen. It's a kitchen/dining/sitting room and it's the heart of the house." As for appliances, Carole also shared it is fitted with a traditional Aga oven, which means that the room is "always warm". "I love a kitchen supper," she added. "Where I have a small number of guests, I'll cook something delicious and make it look lovely. "Then we'll finish with a kitchen disco," she told Good Housekeeping. 