These disgusting photos show exactly why a Chinese takeaway had to be shut down immediately by council officers. Kensington Takeaway in Liverpool, Merseyside, was hit with more than £6,000 in fines and court costs after an inspection by Liverpool City Council.  Environmental health officers found mouse droppings throughout the premises, including on food packaging and food preparation equipment.  There was also a lack of regular and effective cleaning in the takeaway, resulting in a build-up of food debris and grease.  Inspectors also found several holes which meant rodents could get into the building.  The conditions were so bad that the officers immediately shut the premises down due to an “imminent risk to health”.  This is because mice are known carriers of zoonoses (diseases transmissible from animals to humans) including; Salmonella, Campylobacter and Listeria and Hantavirus which can cause serious illness, especially to vulnerable people such as children, the elderly, immunocompromised and pregnant women.  Liverpool Echo reports that the director of the takeaway, Keihan Nikseresht Somehsaraei, has now been fined £5,200, as well as £750 in costs and a £190 victim surcharge.  He pleaded guilty to 20 breaches of food safety hygiene regulations at Liverpool Magistrates’ Court on December 22 last year.  During sentencing, District Judge Boswell said there was a serious risk to the health of customers, adding “common sense tells you that the premises were unacceptable”.  The first inspection took place in August 2021, when the forced closure was ordered.  Remedial works were then undertaken, and the takeaway was allowed to reopen.  READ MORE: Putin leads Russia into 'catastrophe' with £82bn economic blow    It was inspected again in March last year and again mouse droppings were found, and it was clear that regular cleaning was still not taking place.  The inspectors also found that there were still some gaps and holes were mice were getting in.  It was then closed again so more improvement works could take place.  The takeaway reopened again in April 2022 after being assessed by council officers.  DON'T MISSHarry undermines Anne's work as he slams 'rigged' hardest-working list [REVEALED]Five expert predictions for Ukraine war in 2023 [ANALYSIS]Rees-Mogg joins GB News as former minister to launch his own TV show [REPORT]   Kensington Takeaway is no longer in business and the premises are now under new management.  Speaking about the case, Mayor of Liverpool, Joanne Anderson, lead cabinet member for the Neighbourhoods portfolio, said: “This case shows a shocking disregard for people’s health and the terrible state of the takeaway could have resulted in many customers becoming extremely unwell.  “It’s a significant fine and highlights just how seriously we take these sorts of offences.  “It is unacceptable to operate a business in this manner and we simply won’t tolerate it.”    