On the back of their Mediterranean honeymoon, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry were thrust back into the spotlight when the Royal Family’s newest addition made her debut at a monumental royal event. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex joined other members of the Firm in celebrating Queen Elizabeth II’s official birthday, an event marked by an annual parade called Trooping the Colour. Meghan stood proudly next to her new husband on the Buckingham Palace balcony, seemingly enjoying the special occasion. While the Duchess had carried out a handful of public engagements before her and Harry’s wedding, Trooping the Colour in June 2018 marked the first time she had stood on the iconic balcony. She was seen chatting with other royals, including Prince William and his wife Kate, Princess Wales, as well as Queen Consort Camilla. However, unbeknown to the public at the time, the atmosphere was quite awkward. According to Harry, once the royals left the balcony, Kate asked Meghan what she thought of her first Trooping the Colour. Meghan replied: “Colourful.” Writing in his memoir, which was published last week, the Prince said: “A yawning silence threatened to swallow us all whole.” READ MORE: Harry undermines Anne's work as Prince slams 'rigged' hardest-working royal list Spare chronicled the well-publicised fallout between himself and Meghan and the rest of the Royal Family. He particularly focused on the tensions between the Sussexes and the Waleses, revealing details about private conversations. Harry claimed the Prince and Princess of Wales “stereotyped” Meghan, arguing their behaviour created a barrier between the two couples. When Meghan and Harry’s relationship first became public, many saw the so-called “Fab Four” as the future of the monarchy. The Duke has admitted that things got off to a promising start when he realised his brother and sister-in-law were fans of Meghan’s TV show Suits. “I casually mentioned that there was … a new woman in my life. They surged forward. ‘Who is she?’” he writes. “She’s an actress. ‘Oh?’ She’s American. ‘Oh.’ On a show called Suits. Their mouths fell open. They turned to each other. Then Willy turned to me and said: ‘F**k off?’” Harry went on to explain he was initially “baffled” by his brother’s response, but William and Kate soon “explained that they were regular — nay, religious — viewers” of the legal drama. “All this time I’d thought Willy and Kate might not welcome Meg into the family, but now I had to worry about them hounding her for an autograph,” he wrote. However, in his interview with Tom Bradby, the Prince said William and Kate didn't get on with Meghan "from the get-go". Asked why a relationship never developed, Harry claimed there were "lots of different reasons". Harry detailed a physical altercation between him and his brother in Spare, which saw William allegedly describe Meghan as “rude”, “abrasive”, and “difficult” before pushing the younger Prince to the floor. He also recounted a disagreement between Kate and Meghan, saying when the then-Duchess of Cambridge forgot an aspect of the Sussexes’ wedding plan, Meghan suggested she had “baby brain”, a remark Kate supposedly took great offence to. Neither William nor Kate have commented on Harry’s claims, and it is expected that the Royal Family will remain silent. Harry has openly said he wants reconciliation with his family but has claimed the “ball is in their court”.