Lewis Hamilton is rumoured to be on the verge of signing a multi-year extension to keep him at Mercedes well into the future. The seven-time champion’s new contract is yet to be agreed, meaning finer details are yet to be released. However, F1 fans can now have their say over the Briton’s new deal in our exclusive Express Sport poll. The length of Hamilton's contract is one of the major talking points after a series of U-turns from the star. Despite previously suggesting he would quit F1 by 40, the 38-year-old appears to have changed his mind after failing to secure a record-breaking eighth title. Last season, Hamilton admitted he wanted to remain in F1 for longer and hinted five years was not off the cards. Speaking to Sky Sports, he said: “I'm not putting a limit on it to be honest. I'm planning to do a multi-year deal with my team. READ MORE: Williams announce key Mercedes man as team principal as Wolff responds "I really, really don't know what the next five years (hold). I think we're still trying to work on that.” Will Hamilton sign a massive five-year extension? Or will he play it safe and opt for a one-year deal to see how Mercedes progress into next season? Hamilton raised fears negotiations were stalling after revealing talks had not begun between either side. He blamed the packed F1 calendar for the delay, while Mercedes boss Toto Wolff suggested a contract would be sorted in the off-season. The Austrian has since confirmed a new agreement would look to Hamilton’s future past F1 in a bid to keep the champion for the long term. DON'T MISS Lewis Hamilton 'anger' made F1 rivals believe Brit would retire. [COMMENT]Helmut Marko warns of Lewis Hamilton and George Russell 'fear' [INSIGHT]Toto Wolff comments on Lewis Hamilton after Mercedes contract problems [ANALYSIS] However, Hamilton has other passions with interest in music and fashion, which could draw him away from the sport once he hangs up his helmet. Wolff explained: “He's much more than a driver to us now. “And although we're not talking about a career end, it's also important to speak about his role as an ambassador for Mercedes and the many sponsors we have and the implication he can have in our wider universe." Hamilton seems content to remain with the German marque, recently admitting he planned to stay at the team for the rest of his life. Will Hamilton maintain a role in F1? Or will he ditch the racetrack for one of his other hobbies?