Jeremy Renner, 51, has issued an update from intensive care, where he remains in critical condition after it was revealed he was run over by a 14,330lb (6,500kg) snowplough on New Year’s Day. On Tuesday afternoon, Jeremy posted a photo of himself on Instagram in a hospital bed with facial bruises, in view of his 18.7 million followers. The caption read: “Thank you all for your kind words. I'm too messed up now to type. But I send love to you all.” Following the incident on Sunday, Jeremy was airlifted to the hospital from his home near Reno, Nevada where the actor underwent surgery for blunt chest trauma and orthopaedic injuries. It has since emerged that the Marvel star was “helping someone stranded in the snow” who was travelling by car on Mt Rose Highway when the incident happened, according to Reno Mayor Hillary Schieve. Hillary, who reportedly got a call on the morning of the accident, told the Reno Gazette Journal how Jeremy “is always helping others”. The Mayor added: “He’s always calling and saying, ‘Hey Mayor, what do you need?’” She went on to emphasise Jeremy’s contributions to the local community through charitable work. She said: “There are a few times he’ll post about what he has done or donated toys.” However, the politician pointed out that “most of it you would never know he is doing”, as his philanthropic work is not publicised in the media. The claims surfaced as the actor broke his silence on the horrifying accident on social media to thank fans for their support. It’s been reported that Jeremy was clearing a road using his personal snow plough after a heavy snowstorm had hit the US. Northern Nevada has experienced many heavy snowstorms in recent weeks, with more than 10,000 Washoe county residents losing power on New Year’s Eve, as well as hundreds of roads being closed in the area and in the neighbouring state of California. On Tuesday, Washoe county Sheriff, Darin Balaam said at a press conference that during the police investigation, it was discovered that Renner was knocked down by the snow plough while trying to free his car that had been stuck in the snow. READ MORE...Ant McPartlin’s ex-wife Lisa sparks concern with cryptic post [INSIGHT]Karren Brady blasts 'self-obsessed' Meghan as Kate honours Queen [NEWS]Ola Jordan slips back into Strictly catsuit amid 3.5 stone weight loss [NEWS] Sherif Balaam said the incident happened while Jeremy was being “a great neighbour” and helping dig out roads in his community by using his PistenBully snow plough. He said: "After successfully towing his vehicle, Mr Renner got out of the PistenBully to speak to a family member, "At this point, it started to roll. In an effort to stop it, he attempted to get back into the driver's seat...and he is run over by the PistenBully. "An eyewitness said he saw Renner get in... and didn't see him again until it came to rest in a pile of snow at the bottom of his driveway." Sherif Balaam also said it had been a “tragic accident” and that his office had taken possession of the plough in order to rule out mechanical failure, which he said was a “normal part of any major investigation". Samantha Mast, a representative for the actor, said in a statement that the actor is currently in “critical but stable condition”. She said: "Jeremy's family would like to express their gratitude to the incredible doctors and nurses looking after him, Truckee Meadows Fire and Rescue, Washoe County Sheriff, Reno City Mayor Hillary Schieve and the Carano and Murdock families. “They are also tremendously overwhelmed and appreciative of the outpouring of love and support from his fans."