Lisa Marie Presley, the only child of Elvis Presley, was pronounced dead overnight, on January 12, 2023. The 54-year-old singer was previously reported to have had a cardiac arrest. Her mother, Priscilla Presley, confirmed the news in a heart-wrenching statement where she described herself as "devastated". Lisa Marie is just the latest person in the Presley family to have died relatively young, continuing what an insider calls a "curse". A Presley family insider said: "The curse began when Elvis was born on January 8, 1935, in Tupelo, Mississippi, and his identical twin brother, Jesse Garon was stillborn." (Via The Mail) Elvis' sibling - who was born 35 minutes before him - never made it into the world. His parents, Gladys and Vernon Presley, were devastated by the loss of their son. However, they believed it was also good fortune for the boy who would go on to become the King of Rock and Roll. Gladys encouraged Elvis to perform, as she told him that he was destined for great things. She also said that when "one twin dies, the survivor grows up with all the additional qualities of the other". When Elvis was drafted for the US Army 20 years later, on March 24, 1958 the curse struck the Presley family once again. Elvis' time in the army was cut short just five months later in August 1958, when he learned that his mother had fallen ill. After becoming depressed and dependent on alcohol, her body began to shut down. On August 14, 1958, Gladys died, aged just 46-years-old. Elvis had described his mother as his "best girl" and was completely bereft by her death. The star was granted compassionate leave from the army and reportedly spent hours at her funeral locked in his room wailing in sorrow. Elvis later admitted: "It broke my heart." In the 19 years that followed, Elvis became a worldwide phenomenon. He married Priscilla and had Lisa Marie. But by 1977, Elvis was divorced and became a recluse in Graceland. Then his health took a turn for the worse. Elvis became reliant on prescription drugs and gained a staggering amount of weight. His final residency shows in Las Vegas showed him struggling for breath as he sang. Eventually, on August 16, 1977, Elvis Presley died. DON'T MISS...Lisa Marie Presley's heartbreaking final words to Elvis Presley [INFO]Lisa Marie Presley slurs words at Golden Globes just before death [VIDEO]Lisa Marie Presley's final social media post leaves fans heartbroken [NEWS] Elvis was found in the bathroom of his home, Graceland, by his fiancée Ginger Alden. His daughter, Lisa Marie, was in the room next door. Two days later, on August 18, a public funeral was held at Graceland. Thousands of friends, family and fans, attended the emotional day - but the Presley Curse struck again. During the funeral a car ran into two of Presley's fans right outside Graceland, killing them in the process. Two weeks later, thieves attempted to steal Elvis' body - but they were thwarted. Two years later, on June 26, 1979, Elvis' father, Vernon Presley, died. It was reported he suffered a "heart ailment". The Presley Curse reared its head once again on July 12, 2020, when Lisa Marie's son, Benjamin Keough died by suicide. He was 27-years-old at the time. Lisa Marie’s representative, Roger Widynowski, said at the time: "She is completely heartbroken, inconsolable and beyond devastated. But trying to stay strong for her 11-year-old twins and her oldest daughter Riley." Fast forward three years to January 12, 2023, Lisa Marie was pronounced dead. The 54-year-old was reportedly found unresponsive at her home in California by her ex-husband, Danny Keough, who had just picked up their children from school. Priscilla released a statement saying: "My beloved daughter Lisa Marie was rushed to the hospital. She is now receiving the best care. Please keep her and our family in your prayers. We feel the prayers from around the world, and ask for privacy during this time. - Priscilla Presley." Priscilla later confirmed Lisa Marie's death in a statement to People: "It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us. She was the most passionate strong and loving woman I have ever known. We ask for privacy as we try to deal with this profound loss. Thank you for the love and prayers. At this time there will be no further comment." For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 116 123 or visit a local Samaritans branch. SOURCE