Prince Harry’s claims in his new memoir ‘Spare’ have been questioned after he said Meghan Markle booked a flight for her father, Thomas Markle, which the airline has said never existed. The Duchess of Sussex has reportedly been estranged from her father and he was not at her wedding in 2018. In his autobiography, Prince Harry said that his wife, Meghan Markle, booked a first-class ticket from Mexico to Britain for her father, Thomas Markle, after they were concerned about harassment by the media. The incident took place before the Sussexes' wedding in 2018, when Thomas Markle was accused of staging pictures for the paparazzi. The book claimed Meghan told her father that if the couple told the media the allegation was false when Thomas had willingly posed for the press, it would damage their credibility and make it difficult to dispute future false stories. Harry wrote: "Meg said: We might be able to kill this story, Daddy, but if it turns out you're lying, we'll never be able to kill a false story about ourselves or our children, again. So this is serious. You must tell us the truth." Thomas Markle allegedly “swore” he was not involved in posing for pictures, which led the Duchess to buy him a flight in order for him to get away from the media. READ MORE: ‘Anxious and sad’ King Charles wants ‘reconciliation’ with Harry Prince Harry wrote that a first-class ticket was purchased to the UK from Mexico on an Air New Zealand flight. He claimed: “We told him, leave Mexico right now: A whole new level of harassment is about to rain down on you, so come to Britain. Now. “We’ll arrange for an apartment where you can hole up safely until your flight. Air New Zealand, first class, booked and paid for by Meg." The 38-year-old alleged that Thomas Markle refused the offer as he had things to do in Mexico.  However, Air New Zealand has come out and said they do not run a flight between Mexico and the UK. They added that they also do not provide a first-class service, only a business-class option. A spokesperson told the New Zealand Herald: “We've never had flights between Mexico and the UK. And we only have Business Premier." DON'T MISS:Prince Harry should lose title for ‘trashing’ royals, MPs claim [INSIGHT]Harry hails Dutch and Norwegian monarchs as modern royals [REPORT]Prince Harry accuses royals of waging campaign to ‘undermine’ his book [REVEAL] Another claim that some critics have been questioning in ‘Spare’ is Prince Harry’s retelling of learning about the death of the Queen Mother, his great-grandmother. The royal has said he received the news on the phone before Easter while he was at school at Eton College. However, Robert Jobson, the royal editor of the Evening Standard, has pointed out that Prince Harry was in Klosters, Switzerland, when the Queen Mother died. Express.co.uk has approached the Duke of Sussex for comment. 