And, may God forgive us, we (or more accurately "they") believed him. I'm referring, of course, to asylum seeker Lawangeen Abdulrahimzai who was jailed for life today after stabbing to death aspiring Royal Marine Tom Roberts, 21, in Bournemouth, Dorset, in March last year. After convicting him the jury must have been agog as jaw-dropping details - kept from them for the duration of the trial - were revealed. Abdulrahimzai was not just a knife murderer but a convicted drug dealer, having been nicked in Italy in 2017. Bad enough behaviour to prevent entry to the UK you might have reasonably assumed. But there's more. Way more. In 2019 he committed a double murder of such inhuman brutality it makes you gag. This unremitting piece of evil used an AK47 assault rifle - which can fire 600 rounds per minute - close up, point blank range, against two men in Serbia apparently in a row over people trafficking. Nic Lobbenberg, KC, prosecuting, told an earlier hearing many of the bullets hit the targets in the head. He added: "The range of the shooting was said to be relatively short, three to 10 metres. An enormous number of bullets found their target." Just stop and ponder that for a second. And this same piece of filth was allowed to enter Britain unchecked. It makes your head spin. This dangerously unhinged triple killer was not only placed in a British school, with British kids, but with a foster mum. Nicola Marchant-Jones has said she had "had to accept he was 14" and had "no other way of checking it." She has told how the killer constantly carried a blade, believing it was his right. Eventually he was caught with a knife - something which has been a crime since 1953 and substantially hardened-up by anti knife legislation in 2021 - but did Dorset police charge him? Of course not. They did offer "words of advice" though - so I'm sure we can all sleep easy in our beds. If I was Nicola I'd be calling my lawyer tonight (and, you know what, a big money payout just might finally force "the authorities" to sit up and actually give a cr*p). Again the ineptitude, the rank, criminal stupidity, at all levels makes your head spin. It's genuinely criminal. Why was there no check, no balance to keep this killer away from law-abiding British citizens? (And bleeding-heart liberals I think we are all looking at you tonight.) One basic, no-brainer, check is the use of dental X-rays to establish age. Indeed the court used it to establish age in this case - too late for Tom Roberts. This is standard practice in those well-known dreadful human-rights trampling regimes Sweden and France. But Britain? It has been ruled out on human rights grounds time and again. Why? Why does it impinge on the rights of an asylum seeker to have an age check performed? Does it undermine his or her right to lie? In fairness the Government did have a crack at re-introducing dental checks last year but they were stymied by the House of Lords. Perhaps the vermin in ermine should also be taking a long hard look at themselves tonight. I've no doubt there will be an inquiry. Of course there will. Think it will achieve anything? Me neither. Me, I think genuine Afghan asylum seekers fleeing the horrors of the Taliban wouldn't bat an eyelid at having their age verified. If "the authorities" had known Abdulrahimzai's real age his life in the UK would have been very different and Tom Roberts might just be alive tonight.