Of the 1,094 people surveyed by The National, 71 percent preferred seeing the Scottish flag to the Union Jack. Just 16 percent of respondents preferred the Union Jack while nine percent said they didn't know and four percent didn't want to say which they preferred. The poll isn't a reflection of one party verses another, with all parties facing varying sizes of divide over the subject. What analysts say this suggests however, is that Scottish people have an attachment to their national flag and others believe it could impact the sales of supermarkets. READ MORE: Low traffic neighbourhoods removing cars and cutting traffic Ruth Watson of Keep Scotland the Brand said the poll showed the strength of brand Scotland. She said: "Research repeatedly shows Scotland’s name is good for business. This latest poll shows that the significant majority of people would prefer to see clear Scottish provenance on our food and drink.” Watson said she had met a Conservative-backing farmer who was disgusted with the way her Scottish produce had been Jackified. “I have been all over the country speaking to people of all backgrounds and political perspectives about this issue over the years and it is widely recognised that Scotland’s name is an important selling point both at home and overseas. “I’ve had a Tory farmer tell me she has turned around and walked out of the supermarket in disgust when she saw the way her produce was packaged in Union flags, her farm’s location removed, wiping away the years of hard work she and others in the area had put into building up their reputation and market loyalty."   At a national level, Watson added that she hopes businesses will look again at the issue. Deputy Head of the Scottish Retail Consortium Ewan MacDonald-Russell said high street had strong support for Scottish farmers and producers in the past, present, and would continue to do so into the future. He added that decisions on labelling are driven by cost, importance to consumers and regulatory compliance. DON'T MISS: Ghislaine Maxwell 'evasive' amid claims Prince Andrew photo is 'fake' [COMMENT]Teenager wins £182m EuroMillions jackpot but ticket was not paid for [INSIGHT]'Lawless' UK council estate where residents live in squalor and fear [PICTURES]  The battle over branding comes at a time when Scotland is in the middle of a constitutional crisis. After having their attempt at a second independence referendum rejected, the SNP and Scotland have entered into a new legal battle with Westminster over the Gender Recognition Reform Bill. In a constitutional first, No.10 blocked the Bill using a section 35 order. The move has angered those who see it as going against the fundamental nature of devolution by preventing Scotland from making and passing its own laws. Popular opinion on independence has been see-sawing in Scotland in recent years amid a dramatically changing political climate in Westminster