Party goers were seen in high spirits as they welcomed in the new year with parties and firework shows up and down the country. Some attempted to dress in suitable attire for the wind and rain while others dressed up in heels and short dresses to mark the occasion. And with the alcohol flowing, some revellers looked a little uneasy on their feet long before the countdown began to midnight. But others were seen laughing and carrying on the party with friends as they bundled under umbrellas to escape the wet conditions on New Year's Eve. The Met Office issued yellow weather warnings for rain in England's South West and southest Wales, with warnings for ice and snow across the Scottish Highland also in place. Brits were seen dashing from one bar to the next for shelter while others were happy to queue outside for popular venues on the busy day. There were plenty of smiles and laughter as people were seen hugging friends as they posed for photos in cities including Leeds, Newcastle or Cardiff.  Big Ben bonged in England's capital as a crowd of more than 100,000 people gathered along the Thames Embankment in central London to watch 12,000 fireworks streak across the sky. The sold-out show was designed to send a message of "love and unity", as it highlighted the Lionesses' history-making Euro win at Wembley, marked 50 years of London's Pride with a message from Peter Tatchell from the Gay Liberation Front, and sent a message of support to Ukraine. The display also paid tribute to the late Queen, featuring a voice recording from her and words from Dame Judi Dench, before honouring the King, together with a message from Charles about the need to preserve our planet's future. Drones spelled out messages during the show, welcoming in "2023 with love from London" as fireworks exploded behind them. READ MORE: Russia ‘running out of weapons’ with Putin branded a 'pariah'   Complete with music that included Neil Diamond's Sweet Caroline, Ukrainian Eurovision winner Kalush Orchestra, and hits from Stormzy, Dua Lipa, Cher, Dave, Rihanna and Calvin Harris, the show concluded with the traditional Auld Lang Syne, reports the Mirror. Mayor of London Sadiq Khan said he was "delighted" that Londoners and visitors could once again join together on the banks of the River Thames to ring in the new year. Thousands of Metropolitan Police officers were on duty across the capital. Officers have worked with charity Safer Spaces to build a place in Duncannon Street, central London, for women and girls to go should they feel unsafe. DON'T MISS:Archie and Lilibet titles hang in balance as Charles delays decision [INSIGHT]Cruise guest shares advice for booking excursions [COMMENT]New York horror - Police officer stabbed in head with machete on NYE [PICTURES]  After several years of Covid restrictions, Brits flocked to parties and events to ring in the new year. Despite the rain many people dressed up and headed out despite the cold. North of the border, people in Edinburgh enjoyed what First Minister Nicola Sturgeon called the "first full Hogmanay celebrations in three years".  "Thinking back to Hogmanay last year and indeed the year before that, we're reminded of just how far we have come from the very darkest days of the pandemic," she said in a New Year's Eve message on Twitter. People queued in the rain to enter the party in Princes Street. 