Barcelona star Memphis Depay has an offer on the table to join Newcastle, according to reports in Spain. The Netherlands international is free to leave the Nou Camp this winter having struggled for game time this season. However, Atletico Madrid still appear to be frontrunners in the race to secure his signature. Depay was one of Barcelona’s main attackers last season, with the Netherlands international stepping up following the departure of Lionel Messi to Paris Saint-Germain. However, the 28-year-old has struggled to be a starter this term ever since the arrival of Robert Lewandowski from Bayern Munich. Now, according to Sport, Depay has an offer to join Newcastle on the table and could move to ‘the highest bidder’. The Toon would be interested in landing the forward as they look to boost their chances of finishing in the Premier League top four. But while Newcastle are eyeing Depay, and have the finances to make a move happen, they’re not currently frontrunners. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Instead, Atletico Madrid are in pole position to sign the Barcelona star with the La Liga giants eyeing a replacement for Joao Felix. Felix has been allowed to join Chelsea on loan until the end of the campaign, having fallen out with Diego Simeone over in Spain. Atletico are said to be negotiating with Barcelona to sign Depay, who will become a free agent at the end of the season. And all signs point to him moving to Simeone’s side, with Atletico hoping to qualify for next season’s Champion League. Depay is attracted by the project on offer at the Metropoliticano Stadium and, should a move take place, Atletico will become fifth team of the Dutchman’s career. He made a name for himself at PSV Eindhoven, establishing himself as one of Europe’s hottest young talents during his time in his homeland. And his exploits then earned him a move to Manchester United back in 2015. Depay started well enough at Old Trafford, bagging a memorable brace against Club Brugge in a Champions League qualifier. Yet he then struggled and, after 18 difficult months, was flogged to Lyon by Jose Mourinho. Depay rediscovered his best form in Ligue 1 as he evolved both on and off the field. And he then arrived as Messi’s replacement at Barcelona, though has fallen down the pecking order ever since the arrival of Lewandowski back in the summer. Meanwhile, Xavi was recently asked about Depay and his future at the club. And he insisted he doesn’t know of any meeting between Barcelona and Atletico, revealing he’d happily keep hold of the player. “I wasn’t in that meeting so I don’t know anything,” said the Spaniard ahead of Friday night’s Spanish Super Cup clash with Real Betis. “I told Mateu that if the squad stays the same as it is I would be very happy. “There’s nothing new I know of at least. We haven’t spoken about this. “If there’s anything new we will talk about it but I’m happy with the squad.” And Xavi also insisted that Barcelona are now playing with an ‘identity’, something they’ve lacked in recent years. “Nowadays we talk a lot about identity and that’s something we never want to lose,” he said. “We don’t want to lose our style of play. We saw that Atleti presses us high and dominated and so we have to come up with solutions. “It’s not what we want, we want to score and go for the second, to be on top. “All the teams press, they make you man to man. It’s difficult to dominate the 90 minutes.”