Camilla is set to play a "central" role as Queen Consort when King Charles is crowned in May as she has her own crowning ceremony. Details of the King's Coronation have been announced, with Buckingham Palace revealing some key elements of the proceedings. A senior royal source said: “Our intention is to give as many people as possible the opportunity to take part in the celebrations.” The Coronation of the King and Queen Consort will be conducted by the Archbishop of Canterbury at the Abbey on Saturday morning. And Camilla will play a big part in the ceremony, with Charles "making it clear that he wants it to be a joint Coronation". Speaking on BBC Breakfast, Royal Historian Kate Williams said: "Five years ago or so the official line of the palace would be that she wouldn't be crowned but now it's been made very clear that she will have a central role in the proceedings. and this will be going right back to the coronation in 1937 of George VI and the Queen Mother. "When Queen Elizabeth II was crowned, Prince Philip was not crowned alongside her. Camilla will have a central role in proceedings. It will be crowning the King then her own crowning ceremony. I think after the ceremony she will become Queen Camilla. It's clear Charles wants it to be a joint Coronation."  According to the Palace it will be "a solemn religious service, as well as an occasion for celebration and pageantry".  At the Palace, Charles and Camilla will be joined by family members on the balcony to conclude the day's ceremonial events. The Palace has not said exactly which family members will appear in the Coronation procession or on the balcony. Sunday will see "global music icons and contemporary stars" descend on Windsor Castle for the coronation concert to be broadcast live on the BBC, which will hold the public ballot for tickets. The show will feature a world-class orchestra playing interpretations of musical favourites fronted by "some of the world's biggest entertainers, alongside performers from the world of dance", the Palace said.  DON'T MISS:Harry’s emotional moment with Meghan after Lilibet was born laid bare [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew considering legal action against Virginia Giuffre [COMMENT]Charles' coronation will be very different to the Queen's [PICTURES] The performances will be supported by staging and effects located on the castle's east lawn and will also include a selection of spoken word sequences delivered by stars of stage and screen. The Coronation Choir, a diverse group that will be created from the nation's keenest community choirs and amateur singers from across the UK, such as refugee choirs, NHS choirs, LGBTQ+ singing groups and deaf signing choirs, will also make an appearance.  People are invited to gather for a "coronation big lunch" on Sunday, overseen and organised by the Big Lunch team at the Eden Project. The Queen Consort has been patron of the Big Lunch since 2013. 