Meghan Markle was living in the USA during her pregnancy with Lilibet, who is now 18 months old. Therefore, royal fans did not see many of her maternity outfits, unlike her pregnancy with Archie which took place between 2018 and 2019 when the Duchess of Sussex was a working royal in the UK. When Harry and Meghan's Netflix documentary was released, one scene showed the Duchess wearing a Flounce London Maternity ribbed midi dress in khaki. This dress retails for £15 from ASOS in the January sales, after originally costing just £25. The sleeveless bodycon dress has a scoop neck and is worlds away from Meghan's more formal maternity dresses which she would wear when pregnant with Archie in 2018 and 2019. The description says: "Whatever the occasion, nail your going-out ’fit with Flounce London's collection of party pieces.   READ MORE: Meghan wore historic £3m tiara at wedding - 'wasn’t her first choice' "Tick all your maternity boxes in velvet tops, or choose from fancier-than-your-average dresses, all with clever pregnancy-friendly fits." The dress is made of soft stretchy jersey material and can be worn right from the start of pregnancy until the baby arrives. In the Netflix shot, Meghan accessorised her maternity look with a gold cuff bangle and wore her hair curled to one side. Royal fans took to Instagram to praise her style in maternity wear.    For instance, @gailewah commented: "She seriously could have modelled maternity wear." In addition, @luxmeagainpreloved added: "Mama Megs looks so beautiful." The Duchess opted for more formal dresses when pregnant with Archie, as opposed to bodycons. In March 2019, Meghan and Harry visited Canada House for an event that celebrated the diverse community of young Canadians living in London and around the UK.  READ MORE: The 'most beautiful royal' - but not Meghan Markle or Kate Middleton Meghan was around seven months pregnant with Archie at the time. She wore a gorgeous green dress and matching coat by Canadian designer Erdem. She teamed the look with her favourite pair of Aquazzura Deneuve heels.  It is unknown which shoes Meghan wore with her khaki ASOS dress, but it's unlikely she wore stiletto heels. Similarly, at a reception to mark the 50th anniversary of the Investiture of the then-Prince of Wales at Buckingham Palace, Meghan wore a stunning embossed gold dress and a lovely white coat by Amanda Wakeley that cost a whopping £895.  She added Paul Andrew heels and carried a clutch bag by Wilbur and Gussie. The price tag of £895 is an absolute fortune compared to Meghan's more informal £15 bodycon dress from ASOS. In addition, on an official visit to Morocco in 2019, the Duchess of Sussex stunned when arriving to meet with King Mohammed VI of Morocco. She wore a designer floaty gown by Carolina Herrera and looked absolutely incredible. 