A murderer's chilling phone call has been laid bare after calling her ex to tell them she'd "stabbed someone and killed them". Leaving her innocent victim in a pool of blood, Rebecca Press, who was under the influence of drink and drugs, left a message on her ex-boyfriend's phone, saying: 'Ash, It's really bad. It's really f****** bad."   In the newly released audio footage, Ms Press can be heard also saying: "I've just stabbed someone and killed them. I've just murdered someone. "Please phone me now. F*** (screams). I've just murdered someone." Shortly after stabbing Mr Ash with a three-inch kitchen knife, Mr Press calmly walked into her mother's bedroom and said: "I have stabbed your f****** best friend". In the lead up to the killing, Mr Ash attempted to calm the 31-year-old down when she stabbed a knife through his heart. Shortly before the murder took place, she had been drinking at her mother's home in New Tredegar, Caerphilly, South Wales. READ MORE: Man charged with plotting terror attack using explosive after Leeds maternity unit arrest She had been staying with her mother Michelle, 53, after splitting from boyfriend Ashley Allen, having just discovered he was cheating on her. Later that day, after a day of drinking, she headed out with Mr Ash to the New Tredegar Rugby Club and the Dynevor Arms. Today, prosecutors released footage, captured during the afternoon on July 16, which showed Mr Ash walking along with Rebecca Later that evening, Rebecca's brother Gavin Press told her Mr Allen had been having an affair. Paramedics and police were called to the murder scene in New Tredegar, Caerphilly, south Wales, on July 17 at 2am last year. Two emergency response doctors carried out open heart surgery on Mr Ash, however, his injuries were deemed as "unsurvivable". The father-of-one was declared dead at 2am. At 3.15am on July 17, Rebecca was caught by police while walking back to her mother's house, having hid in a bush. When she was caught, she feigned surprise, telling officers: "On suspicion of what?... What, has someone died?." DON'T MISS Baby-faced groomer, 21, dressed as schoolgirl to stay at victim's home [REVEAL]Horror as mum charged with killing two kids, injuring baby [INSIGHT] Met Police officer who cleared rapist PC Carrick got top job [ANALYSIS] However, Cardiff Crown Court was told that when officers told her Marc Ash was dead she replied: "He was my mother's neighbour. What – he's dead? Oh well." Due to her 'increasingly drunk' state, Mr Ash decided to call her mother, to say that her daughter was "playing up". Cardiff Judge Tracey Lloyd-Clarke jailed the 31-year-old for life with a minimum of 20 years, due to the aggravating features of the murder.