NBA superstar LeBron James took aim at the "frustrating as hell" officiating in the NBA after a missed call cost the Los Angeles Lakers in their defeat to the Philadelphia 76ers. The Lakers fell to the 76ers as they lost their third successive match, threatening to sap the momentum steadily built in recent weeks. On Monday, the Lakers fell at home 113-112 to the 76ers in an agonising defeat. Many fans were somewhat confused by Westbrook’s play on the final possession as he failed to even get a shot off. Following a miss by Joel Embiid, Westbrook - who finished with a 20-point, 14-rebound, 11-assist triple-double, the 198th of his career - dribbled the ball up the court as the superstar center guarded him with over 13 seconds remaining. The former MVP nearly lost the ball on a drive before circling back and driving again to the rim before getting blocked by Georges Niang as time expired. Westbrook suggested he was fouled by Embiid in the dying stages and labelled the final possession as ‘unfortunate’. After the loss had been digested, James took a different approach and laid the blame squarely at the feet of the officials. READ MORE: LeBron James and Lakers in 'striking distance' of NBA title contention Replying to a tweet pointing out the referees are making blatantly incorrect calls against the Lakers, James wrote: “And all year they keep telling me to my face on the court, ‘I didn’t see it’ or ‘It wasn’t a foul’. “It’s not making sense to me seriously! Frustrating as hell man! Anyways keep going Squad!” On the final play, Westbrook was clearly fouled by Embiid as the MVP contender hit the nine-time All-Star’s arm as he drove to the rim. The NBA’s Last Two Minute Report - the league’s method of ensuring officiating accountability - claimed there was ‘marginal arm contact’ from Embiid but insisted the no-call was correct. DON'T MISSLuka Doncic matches Michael Jordan feat amid incredible scoring formSpurs to make NBA history v Warriors by beating Michael Jordan's BullsBrooklyn Nets face Kyrie Irving issue after latest Kevin Durant injury James impressed as he dropped 35 points with eight rebounds and 10 assists, but it ultimately wasn’t enough as the Lakers lost their third successive game to fall to a 19-24 record. It means Los Angeles remain 13th in the Western Conference despite their recent revival, losing three successive marches immediately after winning five on the bounce. The Lakers face the 10-33 Houston Rockets in Los Angeles on Monday night.