The international pharmaceutical company AstraZeneca has donated over £332,000 ($400,000) to Ukraine through UNITED 24 for ultrasound machines. The move will help with the high-quality diagnosis of the wounded.  This is AstraZeneca's second contribution through UNITED24. For the first time, the company donated £415,405 ($500,000) to the First Lady's ambulance fundraiser. UNITED24 is an international fundraising platform initiated by the President of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelensky, in May last year. The goal is to become a single window for collecting donations to help Ukraine.  The funds are transferred to the accounts of the National Bank of Ukraine and directed by the relevant ministries to the most urgent needs in three areas: defence and demining, medical care and reconstruction. According to the decision of the relevant commission on their distribution, Medical Procurement of Ukraine purchased more than 9,000 units of medical and other equipment and transport. Maria Karchevych, Deputy Minister of Health for Digital Development, said: “As you know, ultrasound examination is a popular diagnostic, thanks to which you can painlessly, harmlessly and quickly study the condition of the internal organs of a person.  READ MORE: Huge fire engulfs Russian military camp in blow for troops “This explains the wide use of ultrasound machines in all medical fields.“It must be said that in terms of functionality, portable devices do not differ from stationary ones, but the first ones can be used for examination at the pre-hospital stage or non-transportable patients, which is especially relevant during the war.”Ultrasound devices will be of two types: stationary and portable.At the request of the Ministry of Health of Ukraine, with the support of the AstraZeneca pharmaceutical company, the Yellowblue Force Foundation will help Ukrainians affected by the war with implants for osteosynthesis - they are an effective solution in the treatment of complex bone lesions. DON'T MISS:King Charles unlikely to wear ‘wonderfully chosen’ Christmas present [REVEAL]Brits hit with 108 flood warnings as Met Office forecasts washout week [INSIGHT]Farage blasts Sunak over plan to make students study maths until 18 [SPOTLIGHT]  Ms Karchevych had said: “The UNITED24 fundraising platform is a very successful case, which, in addition to communication, also works financially for Ukraine.- 