Arsenal icon Ian Wright has warned Gunners boss Mikel Arteta that Eddie Nketiah could be a target for several clubs after his impressive recent displays since the World Cup break concluded. The striker has stepped in and ably deputised for Gabriel Jesus since the Brazilian suffered a knee injury that required surgery during the tournament in Qatar. Nketiah scored in both of the first two Arsenal games after the break, in the 3-1 win over West Ham and against Brighton in the 4-2 victory on the south coast. During the tail end of last season, Nketiah was promoted to the Gunners’ first-choice striker over Alexandre Lacazette and was rewarded with a new contract for his displays, but has had to bide his time as Jesus’ back-up this campaign. Wright believes that Nketiah’s recent showings have proved that he can be a first-choice striker for teams in the Premier League, and warned his former side that those clubs will begin to circle for him as several require a forward that can score goals. “Now, he’s [Eddie Nketiah] has come on and he’s actually scoring,” Wright said on the Kelly and Wrighty show. “This is his time to build his profile that profile, to be that guy. What people will see is that when he came in, he was under pressure and he’s done it. Now people will say, ‘I want to take him as the main guy.’ “He’s now proving that he can deal with that. He can deal with the fact that ‘yeah, I can go in and be the main man.’ His link-up play has been good, he sniffs around the box as well and he’s scoring the goals.” Whether Nketiah would push for a move as he is likely to continue seeing limited minutes when Jesus returns from injury, as he did not make a single league start before the Brazilian was sidelined. Arteta would unlikely sanction any sale for Nketiah in January, even if Jesus did return earlier than anticipated as his side have a lack of quality in depth in forward areas. DON'T MISSLiverpool discover fee needed for Dortmund to sell Bellingham in JanuaryTottenham 'meddling' in Leicester transfer with bid 'to change everything'Man Utd have obvious mega deal to go after as Chelsea open the door Nketiah is Arsenal’s only fit senior striker, while Marquinhos and Fabio Vieira were the only attacking options that Arteta could bring off the bench in an attempt to claim all three points in the goalless draw with Newcastle on Tuesday, but he brought neither onto the pitch. Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk has been strongly linked with a move to the Emirates Stadium this month and would significantly bolster the club’s options going forward as they look to beat Manchester City to the title. However, any deal is not close to being completed and the Gunners also have Chelsea for company in their pursuit of the 21-year-old.