Manchester United have signed two players in the January transfer window so far. Jack Butland was the first to arrive, with Wout Weghorst then following the goalkeeper to Old Trafford. And, with Erik ten Hag open to more additions, anything is possible this deadline day… Manchester United chief John Murtough said at the start of the month that it would be a ‘quiet’ window for the club. But the Red Devils have still proceeded to land two players in the time since. Butland was the first to arrive, with the goalkeeper touching down as a replacement for Martin Dubravka following the shot-stopper’s return to Newcastle. And United then proceeded to land Weghorst, with the striker signing as a temporary replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo following the veteran’s departure in November. Express Sport now takes a look at the latest noises and speculation surrounding the club, with a late deadline day deal possible. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big It emerged on Monday that United had agreed a deal with Cardiff to sign teenage prodigy Gabriele Biancheri. The 16-year-old has already conducted a medical with the Red Devils as he gears up for a new challenge in his career. The Athletic say the midfielder will sign a scholar contract at first, before penning a professional deal when he turns 17 in September. United don’t need to get everything done by the time the transfer window shuts at 11pm tonight. But they’ve ‘acted decisively’ to ensure they land Biancheri, who is eligible for Wales, England and Italy. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Here we go again. Back in the summer, United pushed and pushed to land Frenkie de Jong in the hope he’d leave Barcelona behind. In the end, however, they missed out with the 25-year-old always preferring to stay at the Nou Camp. United aren’t put off by the saga, however, and the Manchester Evening News claims they’ve held internal talks about a possible deal for the Netherlands international. Jude Bellingham is also believed to be a player Ten Hag considers a viable target, even if their rivals are circling as well. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here According to the Daily Mail, Harry Maguire has received an offer to join Inter Milan on loan until the end of the season. The Serie A giants want a new centre-back in the wake of the news Milan Skriniar will be moving to PSG. But while Inter want Maguire, the United star is ready to stay at Old Trafford until the end of the season. If his situation hasn’t changed by the summer, the 29-year-old will weigh up his future and assess his options. For now, though, fans can expect him to stay as he looks to jump ahead of the likes of Lisandro Martinez and Raphael Varane in Ten Hag’s pecking order. The MEN say United are finalising their list of players to sell in the summer transfer window. A new striker is the club’s priority, with Harry Kane and Victor Osimhen two players under consideration. But with United craving a new midfielder as well, they’re ready to sell some of their current players to make way for new recruits. Maguire is one player who could be sold given his struggles this term. And Scott McTominay is another, with the Scotland international behind the stunning Casemiro in his manager’s pecking order.