Manchester City goalkeeper Stefan Ortega was left embarrassed after letting Moussa Djenepo's long-range strike dip into his net as Southampton took a shock lead in the Carabao Cup. Pep Guardiola's side were poor in the first half at St. Mary's, trailing by two goals inside half an hour. Southampton, who are bottom of the Premier League, were given no chance of beating their cup opponents pre-match. But Nathan Jones' team raced into a surprise two-goal advantage. First, Sekou Mara finished well from inside the area to put the Saints 1-0 ahead. It was the striker's first goal for the club since his summer switch from Bordeaux. City's second-choice shot-stopper Ortega then had a moment to forget as he allowed Djenepo's speculative effort to dip over his head. The Southampton winger burst forward through midfield and noticed Ortega was too far from his goal-line. The 30-year-old, who was signed from Arminia Bielefeld in the summer window, was closer to the edge of the 18-yard box than his own goal as Djenepo’s shot sailed over his head. Ortega scrambled back towards his goal but was unable to keep out the effort. JUST IN: Aubameyang only has Barcelona option if he leaves Chelsea Djenepo’s strike looped up into the middle of the goal. It would have been saveable had Ortega been in a better position. “Well, this is incredible, but I just wonder about Stefan Ortega’s positioning,” observed Sky Sports commentator Don Goodman. “He’s well off his line. It’s just a case of, can they spot it?” Speaking over a replay of the stunning strike, Goodman added: “For Djenepo, the answer is an emphatic ‘yes’. I mean, it’s a brilliant execution, but look how far out the goalkeeper is. He can’t get back. DON'T MISS...FA warn clubs of punishment if fans use homophobic Chelsea chantArsenal chief Edu has hinted at new move for Barca exit-bound RaphinhaTottenham and Liverpool 'casting eye' over £20m star Joao Palhinha “I just think that’s a really poor starting position. But take nothing away from Djenepo. You’ve still got to apply the finish. And he does. “It’s brilliant from Southampton. It has been from the first minute up until now. They have given themselves such a foundation. Can they go on and win this tie?” Southampton have struggled under new boss Jones, who replaced Ralph Hasenhuttl in December. However, the South Coast outfit earned their first win under the Irishman in Saturday’s FA Cup tie against Crystal Palace. Jones said of the prospect of facing City: “It's probably the toughest test you can possibly have, they are one of the best in the world, but it's the quarter-finals of a cup so you know it's a shoot-out. It's winner takes all so we need a strong home performance. We've got a real strong performance on the weekend, so hopefully we can back that up.”