Liz Hurley, looked sensational as she smouldered in a new photo series uploaded to her Instagram page showing her enjoying a “country weekend”. The 57-year-old posed against a pink bar while showing off her flawless figure in a daring silk mini-dress. Liz paired the look with a smokey eye and lashings of nude lipgloss. Her brunette hair was worn in her signature bouncy curls and she completed the outfit by draping a pink fluffy jacket around her shoulders. In the first two photos, Liz leaned against the bar before relaxing on a leopard print bar stool. In the comment section, her fans and friends raved over her sense of style and timeless good looks. READ MORE: Elvis star Austin Butler 'heartbroken' over Lisa Marie Presley's death Swimsuit designer MelissaOdabash remarked: “Omg only you would look so hot in the country.” Style guru Trinny Woodall commented: “Sizzling.” Mccarman2474 said: “Love Your Sense of Style and Beauty my Dear Elizabeth Hurley!!!” (sic) It comes as Liz dismissed speculation that she took Prince Harry's virginity when he was a teenager. The actress has denied that she was the "beautiful older woman in the countryside" that the 38-year-old Duke of Sussex reportedly wrote about losing his virginity to in his upcoming memoir Spare. After rumours began to swirl that the Austin Power star was the unidentified woman, Liz was asked about the speculation in an interview with The Times. "Not me. Not guilty. Ha!" she said. When further pressed on the matter, Hurley doubled down, saying: "No. Not me. Absolutely not." DONT MISS:Stacey Solomon shares new pregnancy video as unborn baby kicks (PHOTOS)Lisa Marie Presley 'barely left house' after heartbreaking struggles (NEWS)Christie Brinkley, 68, shares key to sensational looks in swimsuit (LATEST) The Royals star previously owned a 410-acre farm in the Cotswolds, South England, which she purchased in 2002. She sold the estate located just outside Barnsley, Gloucestershire for 9 million pounds in 2015. In 2002, Liz began dating businessman Arun Nayar and the two tied the knot in 2007. The former couple separated in 2010 and finalised their divorce in 2011. Prior to her marriage, the actress was in a 13-year relationship with Hugh Grant, which ended in 2000. Prince Harry is married to former American actress Meghan Markle, 41, with whom he shares son Archie, 3, and daughter Lilibet, 1. In a 2019 interview with Us Weekly, Liz revealed that she had met the Suits star in the past before Meghan met her future husband.