The romance of players Matteo Berrettini and Ajla Tomljanovic is a key storyline in a new Netflix docu-series offering an intimate look behind the curtain on the tennis tour. ‘Break Point’ is made by producers of the ‘Drive to Survive’ F1 series and hopes to be a similar roaring success in attracting new audiences to action on the court. The first five episodes of Break Point premiere on Netflix on January 13 and are aimed to provide tennis fans with a sneak peak into the unique life of professional tennis players as they gear up for Grand Slams and other big tournaments. There is also a focus on the personal life of some of the sport’s biggest names, including the relationship between Italian player Berrettini and Australian star Tomljanovic. The duo were still together in the documentary, which showcases their contrasting fortunes at the 2022 Australian Open at Melbourne Park. In the second episode, Berrettini opens up on how a relationship blossomed with world no.39 Tomljanovic in October 2019, after she had previously dated fellow tennis star Nick Kyrgios. JUST IN: Fritz details reasons Djokovic must be at Indian Wells amid latest ban  “Everything started in 2019. I texted her on Instagram.” Berrettini revealed. “I like the fact that she was, I think she’s shy like me.” He added: “We obviously understand each other, especially in sport it’s so tough when you don't have your family, your friends around you, I think it’s so important.” Tomljanovic was also asked about the start of the romance: “In all honesty, it wasn’t like love at first sight,” she said. “It was something that over time grew. “I think we both enjoy being there for each other but that doesn’t mean that there aren’t challenges. It’s just really good when we’re both winning, let’s put it that way.” DON'T MISSDjokovic receives two advantages from Alcaraz's Aus Open withdrawalVenus Williams out of Australian Open after fresh injury from AucklandAlcaraz forced to pull out of Australian Open as star posts statement  Berrettini and Tomljanovic were happily dating at the time Netflix cameras were filming Down Under, but the duo have since split. World no.14 Berrettini confirmed that they had called it quits following months of speculation at the Queens Club Championship in June last year, a Wimbledon warm-up tournament he went on to win. “Yeah, I'm single but it's not like something that I am looking for, like, it's not that I'm waking up and have to find love," he said at the time. “It's just something that is happening, it's good for me, if it doesn't, it's another day, you know.” The couple were regularly spotted practising together, cheering each other on and hanging out at tournaments in a period of over two years dating. But the couple have never publicly spoken out on the reasons behind their break-up since Berrettini confirmed the split over six months ago.