Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s popularity has been battered in the US. After the Duke of Sussex released his memoir ‘Spare’, commentators and late night hosts have mocked his confession about using Princess Diana’s favourite lip balm on his frostbitten penis. And others have questioned Harry’s inclusion of private conversations with family, despite not being monarchists.  Harry was liked by 31 percent and disliked by 38 percent giving him a net approval rating of -7.  Almost half of Americans, 44 percent, also said Harry was wrong to include details of private family conversations in his book, while 26 percent said he was right to do so. Meanwhile, Meghan has dropped 36 points in just more than a month according to the pollsters, who carried out the survey for Newsweek. The Duchess of Sussex was viewed favourably by 26 percent of Americans and unfavourably by 39 percent, giving her a net approval rating of -13. This compares to +23 on December 5, a drop of 36 points.  READ MORE: Prince Harry 'looking for compassion' from father King Charles Late night TV host Jimmy Kimmel has repeatedly mocked the Duke’s revelation about his ‘toddler’. The presenter made a fake children's bed time story book called 'The Prince and the Penis’, which he joked about on Monday. Stephen Colbert also joked about the passage with Harry on his show last week, where the host said: “Can you explain how it is that the Royal Standard got frost nip?” After drinking tequila with the host, Harry said: “How long have you been waiting to ask that question? “We've taken quite a leap from grief and trauma to my todger." It comes as an insider said King Charles III is refusing to react to Harry’s memoir by breaking his silence or taking part in peace talks. According to the Evening Standard, a source said the King and Prince William are determined not to “jump to judgement” over the fall-out. They said: “He has never been one to make quick judgements. “There is no appetite at this moment in time to engage.”