Chelsea manager Graham Potter has been warned by Neil Warnock that he will be ‘thrown under the bus’ by Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang if he becomes unhappy at Stamford Bridge. The statement comes after the striker was not named in the Blues’ squad for their FA Cup clash against Manchester City on Sunday. Potter revealed that the Gabon international sustained a back injury earlier this week that has ruled him out, though there are suggestions already that the former Barcelona star is growing restless at the club. The 33-year-old has scored just once in nine league appearances for the Blues so far this season, cutting a frustrated figure after he was substituted off in the 66th minute against City on Thursday night – despite entering the fray in the 5th minute. Speaking to talkSPORT, Warnock has warned Potter that he must be wary of Aubameyang, knowing how he was vocal about his displeasure previously whilst at Arsenal. He explained: “You get players like that and you are better off without them. Chelsea are short of strikers but people like Aubameyang are after themselves really, they look after themselves as players and they’ll throw the manager under the bus rather than take any blame. So I think Graham Potter has to deal with it. "It’s similar to what’s happened with Cristiano Ronaldo at Manchester United. I said United should let him go in pre-season and that was no disrespect to Ronaldo. Leopards don’t change their spots and I don’t think Aubameyang will ever change. You know from Arsenal to Chelsea, now he looks the same type of player. On his day, as good as you’ll see, but his days are few and far between." Aubameyang’s fallout with Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta last year was incredibly public, with the latter not afraid to lay down the law with his club captain and, potentially, make an example of the former Borussia Dortmund star. Potter already appears to have lost the faith of supporters so early in his tenure at Chelsea, having only joined the club in September. Away supporters at the Etihad Stadium were heard singing the name of former manager Thomas Tuchel in the latter stages of their 4-0 defeat to City, though Potter insisted that he still believes he is capable of turning things around the club. Pep Guardiola insisted after the match that the former Brighton boss will need time to make his mark at the club, he explained: "I would say to Todd Boehly, give him time. I know in big clubs, results are important but I'd say give him time. What he's done at Brighton is outstanding, but...we need time in the first season. I had (Lionel) Messi in Barcelona my first season so I didn't need two seasons because Messi was there."