Tottenham have seen their swoop for Sporting Lisbon right-back Pedro Porro collapse on the eve of transfer deadline day, according to reports. The Portuguese outfit supposedly backtracked on the terms of their deal with Spurs, leaving the player distraught and putting Antonio Conte back to square one. Porro was seen as a priority target for Tottenham, who are keen to improve their options at right wing-back. The 23-year-old has a £39million release clause, and with 14 goal contributions in 25 matches this term he has established himself as one of Sporting's standout performers. Spurs were supposedly prepared to meet the club's financial demands and personal terms were not expected to be an issue, with Porro open to a Premier League switch. He even appeared to wave goodbye to supporters after losing the Portuguese League Cup final to Porto on Saturday evening. However, according to The Athletic, the move has fallen through after Sporting reneged on the terms of their proposed deal with Spurs. READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE - Man Utd block deal, Enzo Fernandez to Chelsea Porro is said to be fuming at the development after club chief Frederico Varandas told him that he would be allowed to leave after Saturday's defeat. Negotiations had reached an advanced stage and Sporting were even closing in on his replacement, although Hector Bellerin's proposed switch from Barcelona also appears to be in jeopardy. With Emerson Royal failing to convince and Djed Spence frozen out under Conte, Spurs were expected to recruit a right-sided defender as a matter of priority in January. Chairman Daniel Levy oversaw a costly transfer spree during the summer but spending has been modest by comparison this month, with only Arnaut Danjuma coming in on loan. DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart  There is still time in the window for Spurs to move onto Plan B if their swoop for Porro cannot be resurrected. The 23-year-old made his senior breakthrough with Girona and spent three years on the books at Manchester City, before moving to Sporting without making a senior appearance. His productive performances have also earned international recognition as he was called up to represent Spain in 2021. There are a number of Premier League clubs thought to be keeping tabs on possible alternative Denzel Dumfries, who joined Inter Milan shortly after Conte left, although it remains to be seen whether Tottenham can make headway in the next 24 hours.   Former Spurs star Jamie O'Hara is among those calling for the club to up their spending, recently telling talkSPORT: "The investment in this football club has been shocking. Over the years, you look at the amazing players that Spurs have had. "[Luka] Modric, [Gareth] Bale, [Dimitar] Berbatov, Robbie Keane, [Jermaine] Defoe, all these fantastic players that we’ve ended up selling to Liverpool, Real Madrid. We’ve let our best players go and we haven’t replaced any of them. I look at the team now and go, ‘this team is miles off the team that I played in, and the players that I was playing with’. Where’s the players coming in? Where’s the investment from Tottenham?"