In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Enzo star Tom Wlaschiha shared his thoughts on what happened to the character Max Mayfield (played by Sadie Sink). Tom 49, said: “I would say - and that is just my theories because I don’t know anything, I know nothing - I’d say she’s still alive but again we’ll have to see.” Season four aired last year and saw the fiery teen getting killed by Vecna (Jamie Campbell Bower) after he managed to ensnare her once more in his clutches in Stranger Things season four. Although Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) tried to save the gamer, her best efforts to revive Max seemed to fail. Eleven was screaming into the void with Max in a critical but stable condition in hospital after her friend used her superpower to restart her heart. There have been fan theories aplenty about Max’s fate with Lucas Sinclair (Caleb McLaughlin) sending the interest into overdrive after he was spotted reading the Stephen King and Peter Straub novel, The Talisman. Lucas was reading the book to his girlfriend with viewers noting the novel is about traversing different planes with lots of monsters and mirrors. READ MORE: Stranger Things star Matthew Modine on 'very sad' exit from series This seemed to parallel Max’s own predicament with Lucas holding out hope he could reach her despite sustaining major injuries including multiple broken bones and potential blindness. The actor went on to address his character Enzo’s fate with things left on an uncertain note for him. He said: “That’s kind of left in the open. The last time we see me is in the helicopter and who knows.” In the chat from the end of last year, the Game of Thrones actor revealed how fan-favourite Enzo was spared the axe by Stranger Things creators the Duffer Brothers. Wlaschiha was initially supposed to meet a sticky end getting eaten by a Demogorgon but this was later changed. Adding he would have been “totally fine” with going out in such a grisly but memorable manner. Wlaschiha said he was a Stranger Things fan before he landed the role and was thrilled at the prospect of joining. He said: “With Game of Thrones it was different. I hadn’t read the books and I had no idea what it was when I got the part. “With Stranger Things it was different, I was born in the 70s and I grew up mainly in the 80s, so I loved that series from the start. “Again, the combination of different genres, coming-of-age and horror and fantasy, if you will, I find it […] very gripping.” Season five of Stranger Things is now in the works with the series marking the final outing with production expected to be starting in May. The Stranger Things writers' room has been teasing details from season five on Twitter and unveiled the first episode was called The Crawl. DON'T MISS...GB News uproar as Angela Levin claims Meghan left Harry 'to the lions' [VIDEO]Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [INSIGHT]Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive [VIEWER REACTION] The cast will be reprising their roles with the last chapter involving Vecna and the Upside Down playing out. Unlike the previous outings, the forthcoming episodes will simply serve as a continuation of season four rather than resetting the story. Sink has previously admitted she doesn’t even know what will happen to Max but with the writers furiously scribing away at their desks, this plot point may now have been addressed. But given the 18-month gaps between seasons, Stranger Things fans are only likely to get an answer to this in 2024 when the show is most likely to return - although Netflix has still to confirm a concrete premiere date. Stranger Things seasons 1 to 4 are streaming on Netflix now