Chris Hipkins looks set to become New Zealand's premier after Jacinda Ardern announced she would step down from the top job on Thursday. Hipkins, 44, who was first elected as the MP for Remutaka in 2008, previously served as Ardern's COVID-19 Response Minister.  He is currently Minister for Police, Education and Public Service. Mr Hipkins still needs to be formally endorsed by New Zealand's Labour Party in the House of Representatives on Sunday. However, he is tipped to succeed Ms Ardern after becoming the only nominee to seek leadership. Ardern is expected to tender her resignation to the Governor-General on her February 7 deadline if Hipkins receives Labour's backing. JUST IN: Russia claims capture of devastated village on outskirts of Bakhmut amid fierce fighting   However, Kiwis are scheduled to go to the polls in October 2023. The vote could see the National Party return to power for the first time since 2017. New Zealand's 7.2 percent inflation rate and increasing social inequality saw Ms Ardern's popularity plummet to all-time lows during her final days in office. During her resignation speech, the outgoing Prime Minister claimed she not longer has "enough in the tank" to serve as the nation's premier. READ MORE: Argentina calls for dialogue with UK over Falkland Islands 'once and for all' 40 years on Ardern added: "I believe that leading a country is the most privileged job anyone could ever have, but also one of the more challenging. "You cannot, and should not do it, unless you have a full tank, plus a bit in reserve for those unexpected challenges. "This summer I had hoped to find a way to prepare not just for another year, but for another term, because that is what this year requires. I have not been able to do that." Opinion polls and recent by-election results appear to suggest the tide is turning against the Labour Party. DON'T MISS:Ukraine’s NATO membership is ‘appropriate outcome’ [REVEAL]Zelensky's aide quits over claim ‘deflected’ missile hit Dnipro flats [INSIGHT]Ukraine MP warns Putin could start 'new offensive' or seize east [ANALYSIS]  Hamilton West, a bellwether seat, held a snap poll last month after Gaurav Sharma resigned following his expulsion from Labour's caucus. The National Party's Tama Potaka overturned Labour's 6,267 majority to win the seat by 2,433 ballots. However, recent surveys have also caused concern for Labour. A Curia poll conducted for the Taxpayers' Union indicated Christopher Luxon's National Party has opened up a 5.5 percent lead over Labour. Mr Hipkins' likely appointment also removes the possibility of Justice Minister Kiri Allan becoming New Zealand's first Maori Prime Minister.