Tobias Ellwood told Sky News that the Government needs to reverse "swathing cuts" to the military, stating that the British Army has been reduced by 10,000 troops despite an ongoing war on the European continent. He claimed there are not enough people and the equipment is now "obsolete". Data from the Ministry of Defence shows that there are 112,000 soldiers serving right now, fewer than the 150,000 soldiers Russia is believed to have gathered to invade Ukraine last year. Britain is committed to spending at least two percent of its GDP on military spending as a NATO member. In November, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt confirmed this commitment would continue to be met as part of his Autumn Budget. In 2021, the Defence Committee published a worrying report on the state of Britain’s military, which claimed that “an artillery duel between a modern British and Russian division would now only be likely to end one way—and not necessarily to the British Army’s advantage.” But what do you think about the warning? Should the Government look to strengthen the British Army? Express.co.uk readers have shared their thoughts on the matter. A reader under the username Caerdydd commented: “The Armed forces we have are amongst the very best in the world, but just like the people of this fine country they have been hung out to dry by our politicians who are atrocious. All branches of the Forces are half of what they should be thanks to Government cuts.” Another who goes by the username Kernow T added: “For a great many years successive Governments have seen defence as an easy area in which to cut budgets. Our forces are now down to ridiculously low levels … Evil will never go away. We need to be prepared to defend our freedoms.” However, a reader under the username Once2 argued that the military can still operate effectively despite the concerns about its size. They wrote: “The British army does certain things exceptionally. Other things it does less well. It copes with this by being strategic and smart.” What do you think? Should the British Army get more investment? Share your thoughts in the comments section below