Alex Jones discusssed being fired twice from her first job revealing these are just a few of the TV presenter's early career mishaps. The One Show presenter has been a firm favourite on the BBC programme since her debut in 2010 but admitted it has not been smooth sailing. Alex, 45, revealed she got the opportunity of a lifetime for her first role in television but things didn't exactly go according to plan. Speaking to Elizabeth Day on her How To Fail podcast, she explained she secured a TV role as a runner and researcher. She admitted it was a "sliding doors" moment as she took the TV gig after she left university. Elizabeth quizzed: "You were fired twice?" READ MORE: Dame Laura Kenny announces baby news with beau Jason Kenny Alex chuckled: "Yes, twice. But do you know what I did, which is not very me, I just kept going back on a Monday. "I just thought, 'Oh, but I like this job.' It was not like a proper job." She continued: "It was with an independent television company. I'll set the scene. "When I went for an interview, the boss interviewed me from the bath and I sat on the stairs on the landing."   A stunned Elizabeth murmured: "What!" "Right," the One Show host replied, "Rewind even more, it was in his home." Alex admitted she opted out of doing her postgraduate degree and worked for a company which she dubbed the "Byker Grove" of television. She said: "Oh my God did they regret taking me on. I was 22 and if I had been 26 I think things would have been different. I had no money." DON'T MISS... Carol Vorderman turns heads in eye-popping video[LATEST]BBC's This Farming Life star's death probed as family 'devastated'[UPDATE]Richard Gere in rare red carpet appearance with decades younger wife[PICTURES] Alex was tasked with taking a famous conductor for lunch but due to a lack of funds she bought him a Happy Meal from the McDonald's drive-through. She recalled her bosses saying: "'You did what?' It was a Welsh composer." The drama didn't end there after Alex, unfortunately, lost a cello that belonged to Andrew Lloyd Webber. The presenter had been working for the same company but had accidentally misplaced the musical instrument. Alex recalled the English composer asking her to watch his cello while he made a phone call. "But at the same time this car park attendant came over, he was very good looking, and we started having a chat," she explained. "When I turned around the cello had disappeared." Alex admitted she felt "sick" following the incident but thankfully someone had spotted the cello and had placed it under the stage with the other instruments. Fortunately, it worked out for the presenter as her boss removed her from the runner's role saying, "it was not for her" but instead they decided to screen-test her for a presenting job and she got a hosting gig on BBC's Choice. The One Show airs weekdays on BBC One at 7pm.