Despite his Chelsea connections, Thomas Tuchel is expected to be one of the leading candidates for the Tottenham job should Antonio Conte fail to sign a new contract or Spurs wish to part company with the Italian. Pressure on the former Stamford Bridge boss is now mounting following the 2-0 north London derby defeat to Arsenal and with a new deal still not agreed, there's a sense Conte's time at the club could be coming to an end. Express Sport assesses four Chelsea players Tuchel could hypothetically seek to sign at Spurs, if he was to land the job. Edouard Mendy This deal makes perfect sense given Hugo Lloris' ongoing struggles at Tottenham. The Frenchman flapped in another goal on Sunday when directing Bukayo Saka's tame effort into the net for Arsenal's opener. Tottenham fans are now sick of Lloris' inconsistency and calamitous nature and the time has come to finally sign an upgrade on their captain, who has given so much to the club. Mendy has also been out of favour at Chelsea in patches this season following the unlikely revival of Kepa Arrizabalaga in west London. The Senegal international was Tuchel's Champions League-winning No 1, so a reunion would be beneficial for all parties particularly as Mendy continues to stall on a new Chelsea contract. Hakim Ziyech Ziyech could prove to be another smart pickup for Tottenham just to bolster their options in reserve in attack. The Moroccan has been in and out of the Chelsea side this season (mostly out) but has started to receive more opportunities since his heroics at the World Cup in Qatar. Tuchel did get the best from Ziyech in a Chelsea shirt although it was only in patches but still, there is plenty of quality in his locker and he has more to give before saying goodbye to the Premier League. Former Spurs attacking midfielder Rafael van der Vaart has already urged Spurs to move for Ziyech in the past, claiming he could help them win the Premier League. He said on Dutch TV channel Ziggo Sport in early November: “Hakim Ziyech has to join Tottenham,” said Van der Vaart. If Spurs get Hakim Ziyech, they could win the Premier League. I am serious.” Chelsea would be expected to entertain offers for Ziyech, who hasn't lived up to expectations since arriving at Stamford Bridge from Ajax in 2020. N'Golo Kante Kante is out of contract at the end of the season and as things stand, he will be departing when his current deal expires. Tottenham are believed to be admirers due to Conte's history working with the Frenchman. The pair won the Premier League and FA Cup during their time working together at Chelsea but Tuchel also had great success with the central midfielder after lifting the Champions League in 2020. Kante's availability makes him one of the best options on the market despite his ongoing injury struggles. Tottenham could do far worse than picking up a player of his quality and with the player reportedly keen on remaining in England, this could be a good move for Spurs - regardless if Tuchel lands the role. Trevoh Chalobah It's unclear whether Graham Potter would listen to offers for Chalobah but when all of Chelsea's defenders are fit - he seems to be sacrificed from the starting XI. Tuchel was the one who thrust Chalobah into the Chelsea first team and the centre-back hasn't looked back since, featuring regularly for the Blues. He would be a great fit for Tottenham's 3-4-3 formation as he could slot in on the right side of their three-man defence. His ball-playing ability and general comfortability in a three-man defence makes him a very valuable asset. Chelsea seem to be stacked with defensive options so if Tottenham were to present a sensible proposal, there is every chance it could be accepted at the end of the campaign although Chalobah is currently enjoying a run in the side.