Richard Madeley and Susanna Reid invited James Haskell onto Wednesday’s Good Morning Britain to discuss his latest self-help book. However, the conversation quickly turned to Prince Harry’s memoir with James defending his friend while Richard blasted the Duke of Sussex. James began: “[Harry’s] book in particular is very interesting because so many people in his position never get to comment and everything he says is either down to what a journalist has interpreted, a soundbite that has been edited. “You saw ironically when his book was [leaked] everyone jumped to conclusions, everyone commented on stuff and it actually played into his narrative. “Now his book has come out it means you see the whole context of everything.” Interjecting, Richard said: “What’s interesting James is you talk about the importance of not blaming the world for your problems but looking into your own back garden. Read more: Judge Judy calls Prince Harry ‘ungrateful’ and ‘selfish’ in GMB rant “That’s a conversation you could have with Harry because he doesn’t accept any responsibility for anything that’s gone wrong in his life, everything is everyone else’s fault.” James hit back: “I think what’s also important with that is to get your own view and narrative across, worrying about things you can control. “He can only tell his story. When you’re in a position like that, people always have comments, never complain, never explain and everything is always open to interpretation. “The very fact that two of three of the things he’s said were taken out of context were sensationalised shows exactly what he’s saying. “When you read the actual copy of the book you realise it’s contextual, it’s his side of the story and he’s on a journey to worry about himself and what he wants to do and he’s put a marker down.” Good Morning Britain viewers praised the former England rugby star for defending the Duke of Sussex. @joheath tweeted: “That is the most sensible clip I've heard about this harry fiasco! Well done James for speaking.” @amypicot added: “Well done James! Lovely to hear someone speak exactly what I was thinking!” DON'T MISSGMB viewers blast 'pathetic' Prince Harry coverage  [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan's friend claims 'this is the end of it' for couple [INTERVIEW]Richard Madeley skewers Labour MP after 'dodging' questions [VIDEO]  “They weren’t listening when you mentioned Men’s mental health. Well done. All the best to both books.Stand in your truth. #Spare.” “Who'd have thought James Haskell would be the voice of reason,” @Kefkaklopp wrote. However, @BlnRussell disagreed: “His truth doesn’t make it THE truth, as we have now discovered.” @annemilne5 questioned: “Are they ever going to address the lies/inconsistencies in Harry's book at all.” On Tuesday, the Duke of Sussex told Stephen Colbert on The Late Show it had been “hurtful and challenging” to observe the reaction to his book after it was leaked. "Without a doubt, the most dangerous lie that they have told, is that I somehow boasted about the number of people that I killed in Afghanistan," he said. "I should say, if I heard anyone boasting about that kind of thing, I would be angry. But it's a lie and hopefully now that the book is out, people will be able to see the context, and it is - it's really troubling and very disturbing that they can get away with it because they had the context. It wasn't like, ‘Here's just one line’ they had the whole section, they ripped it away and just said, ‘Here it is, he's boasting on this.’ "When as you say, you've read it and hopefully everyone else will be able to have the chance to read it, and that's dangerous. My words are not dangerous, but the spin of my words are very dangerous." Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.