NFL star Damar Hamlin is in a critical condition after suffering a cardiac arrest on the field during Monday night's game between the Buffalo Bills and the Cincinnati Bengals, the Bills have confirmed. Hamin made a tackle on Bengals running back Tee Higgins, before collapsing to the field moments later. Higgins was attempting to carry the ball up the middle of the field during the first quarter of Monday night's highly-anticipated game. Hamlin saw the run and immediately went to block him, and the two players' heads collided straight on. Both got up from the ground with help from their team-mates and went to walk back into formation, only for Hamlin to collapse onto his back. Players from both teams immediately called for paramedics to come onto the field, and Hamlin was given CPR on the pitch. After six minutes of CPR efforts from paramedics, Hamlin was placed in a hospital on the field and taken immediately to hospital. The game was postponed for good a short time afterwards, with reports suggesting the decision was made after players from both sets of teams refused to carry on and go back out to the field. In a statement, the Bills confirmed Hamlin had been sedated and was in a critical condition. The statement read: "Damar Hamlin suffered a cardiac arrest following a hit in our game versus the Bengals. His heartbeat was restored on the field and he was transferred to the UC Medical Center for further testing and treatment. He is currently sedated and listed in critical condition." Fans gathered outside the University of Cincinnati Hospital, where Hamlin is in a critical condition, and are awaiting updates. The latest from his agent at 4.23am was: "Please continue to pray for Damar and his family. We currently have no update at this time. Will ask that you keep the family in your prayers.“ The NFL confirmed that Buffalo Bills players had returned to Buffalo, but that some had chosen to remain in Cincinnati to be close to Hamlin. Wide receiver Stefan Diggs, who was seen crying on the pitch, was later filmed going to the hospital to be by his team-mate's side. The NFL said: "Hamlin received immediate medical attention on the field by team and independent medical staff and local paramedics. He was then transported to a local hospital where he is in critical condition. "Our thoughts are with Damar and the Buffalo Bills. We will provide more information as it becomes available. The NFL has been in constant communication with the NFL Players Association which is in agreement with postponing the game."