Because his brother is a cowardly, whinging insufferable little wimp, a tattle-tale who has sold his family – but more importantly his soul – for money. Leaked excerpts from Harry’s new tome, Spare, spell out in grotesque detail exactly what this ridiculous man has become – a petty, immature, vengeful man-child who’s insanely jealous of the fact Wills was born to be King and he wasn’t. And that fact has eaten into his psyche like cancer. It has taken any sense of perspective he might have had and gnawed away at him until all that’s left is a festering blob of poisonous self-pity that he’s weaponised and used to try to destroy everyone he’s ever loved. The title of his book should have been a clue to the extent of Harry’s jealousy and how it has warped his mind. It has driven him to treacherous depths where hurting and humiliating his “blood” hasn’t just become second nature – it’s become his job, a job for which this royal Judas gets paid millions of dollars. He has humiliated his father, the new King, by telling the world he still carries a teddy bear. He also betrayed the sanctity of his Grandfather’s funeral by revealing that an anguished Charles begged him and Wills to stop fighting and “not make my final years a misery”. Harry also talks of how he killed 25 Taliban – a claim that doesn’t just betray those who fought alongside him but makes this security-obsessed man even more of a target to fanatics – yet still, he whines about Wills snapping his necklace and shoving him onto the floor where bits of a broken dog bowl dug into his back.  Oh, boo-hoo! So eaten up by jealousy is this royal nark, he moans that Wills used to get the best room at Balmoral and that Kate and Wills swapped place cards at Harry and Meghan’s wedding because they wanted to mix with other people and not sit together. Hardly crimes of the century. He also hated the fact that Wills and Kate’s Kensington apartment was lavish because, he says, he and Meghan were living with Ikea lamps and a settee from Sofa.com. Er, sorry, a man who got £2million a year from his dad and had a £20million fortune from his mum could afford more than Ikea lamps if he wanted. Harry promised us “raw unflinching honesty” in his book. Instead, it’s the petty ravings of a man who’s been consumed by the green-eyed monster and whose life is so poisoned by his seething jealousy that he describes his brother as his “arch nemesis”, which makes him sound like a tantrum-y toddler not a father-of-two pushing 40. Why haven’t all the therapists he’s seen down the years told him Wills couldn’t help being born first? Why aren’t they telling him that, at 38, he needs to start taking responsibility for his life and stop blaming everyone else? Hell, he even tried to blame Wills and Kate for him wearing a Nazi uniform to a party. He was 20 at the time and already a weapon-carrying cadet at Sandhurst. Was he really so thick he didn’t understand that wearing a swastika might upset people? But what comes across loud and disturbingly clear in these snippets from Spare is Harry’s inability to accept the rules of the institution into which he was born – rules which decreed he was never destined to be King. Never mind that his life came with money and privileges the rest of us can only dream about. No, he coveted the role of heir to the throne, a position he isn’t remotely capable of handling. In fact, you read the excerpts and think: “Thank God he wasn’t born first and the monarchy will never be entrusted into the hands of this whingeing halfwit”. The glaring omission in these excerpts is any admission by Harry that he's the one who started all this. He's the one who for two years has been publicly hurting, humiliating and embarrassing his family. And all for money. He has the audacity to say he wants his father and his brother back whilst simultaneously telling the world his Dad carries a teddy bear and his brother thumped him. I suspect that even after all this betrayal, Charles would still welcome Harry back. But it would be a mistake because the son he once knew no longer exists. He’s disappeared down a rabbit hole from which there’s no coming back. This book is just the last kicking and squealing of a man who claims he fled Britain for a new future with his family yet remains inextricably stuck in the past to which he clings like a drowning man. However much therapy Harry’s had, it’s been useless. And those who try to excuse his treachery by the fact his mother died when he was a boy. No! Diana’s death can never justify his trying to destroy his father and his brother. More importantly, he’s not a child now. He’s a man with two kids. And a bloody cruel one at that. Radio 5 Live presenter Nihal Arthanayake says ethnic minorities are put off going into the British countryside because the perception is it’s “white and middle-class”. Yes, but that’s nothing to do with white or middle-class people. It’s a perception perpetrated by people determined to create racism when there isn’t any, people who think if you are white, middle-aged or middle-class then you must be a racist. To be fair, the Winter Walks presenter says that when those belonging to ethnic minorities do go into the countryside, “overwhelmingly you’ll find that people are just happy. Happy to be there, happy to see you. We live in one of the most tolerant countries on the planet”. This tells you that the people forever screaming that Britain is a racist cesspit are wrong and have an agenda. What delicious irony that Benedict Cumberbatch’s family has been revealed as slave owners boasting of “250 negroes” on their sugar plantation in Barbados in the 18th and 19th centuries. Remember, Cumberbatch was the man whose four-letter rants shocked theatre audiences back in 2015 when he was playing Hamlet and screaming from the stage that the “F…. ing government” hadn’t given enough cash to Syrian refugees. Well, now it seems his ancestors have left him covered in shame. They did eventually pay £6,000 in compo when slavery was outlawed. But surely Cumberbatch’s monumental social conscience means he will hand over part, or all of his multi-million-pound fortune to the ancestors of those people his family enslaved? Don’t hold your breath!  The NHS has scrapped its diversity and ethnic minority hiring targets, which means it has finally put the business of saving lives above box-ticking. And we’re supposed to be grateful? This is just to remind you that this incredible woman, who isn’t of royal blood, is the major asset to the Royal Family. And whatever her nasty snitch of a brother-in-law who, in the BM era (before Meghan), treated her like a sister, says about her, it’s because of his own pitiful inadequacies and dissatisfaction with his own miserable life! Health "experts" are yet again urging people to wear masks to slow the spread of Covid, which is fine if it’s voluntary but a big NO if it’s not. These so-called “experts” have been issuing nanny-state edicts for years, treating us all like morons who can’t think for ourselves. People can, of course, wear those flimsy little masks if they believe it’ll keep them safe. But no one should be forced to. And don’t tell me I’m irresponsible if I choose not to because there’s no specific evidence to suggest wearing masks works. And that’s not me saying it – it’s the World Health Organisation. More importantly, it’s been revealed this week that Boris, Matt Hancock and Chris Whitty knew full well that non-medical masks did little to prevent transmission of the virus. But the real problem here isn’t Covid, it’s the NHS’s inability to cope with Covid, flu, or anything else for that matter. The system is broken. How long before Rishi does what needs to be done to fix it? Because throwing billions at it and demanding people wear face masks won’t cut it.