Arsenal have been told to back boss Mikel Arteta and sign their own Richarlison this month, in a move that would also aid Bukayo Saka. Antonio Conte spent £60million to bring the Brazilian forward to north London, though his best performances may have come with his national team at the World Cup, where he was played as a central striker by Tite. At Spurs, the Brazilian made an impact instead on both flanks, despite failing to score a Premier League goal this season in 10 appearances he has recorded two assists, and scored twice in the Champions League. Conte’s side has missed Richarlison after returning from the World Cup with an injury, and ex-Spurs goalkeeper Paul Robinson believes that Arsenal could also do with a player of his ilk. “It pains me to say it but how good have they been? The only worry I’ve got for Arsenal going forward is their squad depth,” Robinson told Betfred. “Martin Odegaard has been fantastic for them and Gabriel Martinelli has been fantastic for them too. I know Gabriel Jesus’ goals dropped off before the World Cup but he brings a lot to the team. “Is Eddie Nketiah good enough to replace what Jesus does for them? I think he’s more of an impact substitute. The manager pushed for Nketiah to get his long-term contract and he now has two goals in two games, so he has an opportunity to take the mantle. “I personally believe Arsenal need to go into the market in January and get somebody who can play Jesus’ role, or a winger who can play as a false nine, similar to Richarlison at Tottenham. I think they have to address that. In the wide areas they’d be worried about whether Bukayo Saka could suffer from burnout. “The Arsenal side pretty much picks itself at the moment and I think if Mikel Arteta can keep all of his players fit and free from suspension, then they have a real chance of holding on to this top spot. I’ve been really impressed with what they’ve done. The club has backed Arteta and allowed him to make big decisions and it’s proven dividends for them.” DON'T MISSMan Utd ‘schedule medical’ for first signing as Ten Hag lands his manTottenham may have found their next Dele Alli in 'clever' star Conte lovesRonaldo and Georgina Rodriguez to break Saudi Arabian law as lawyers speak out Saka has started every league game so far this season for the Gunners, who currently top the table and hold a five-point advantage over Manchester City. Arsenal’s quality in depth has been pointed out by several pundits, and Arteta did not turn to his substitutes bench for attackers in order to change the game during their 0-0 draw with Newcastle on Tuesday, as his only options in forward areas were Fabio Vieira and Marquinhos. The club are attempting to bring in Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk this month, after having two bids already rejected, but face competition from Chelsea for the 22-year-old’s signature.