Council tax is a form of local taxation, based on the value of someone’s property, that helps pay for services in the area, such as rubbish collection, road maintenance, elderly care, police, and so on. It can add a hefty amount to a household’s monthly outgoings, but some groups might be able to get a full discount. Council tax support, also known as council tax reduction, is a benefit to help people who are on a low income or claiming certain benefits to pay their council tax bill. There is no specific amount of council tax support someone may be entitled to, the rate depends on the person’s circumstances and where they live. However, those who receive the Guarantee Credit part of Pension Credit might be able to get their council tax paid in full.  READ MORE: 'Easiest' forms of insulation for outdoor pipes to 'avoid freezing'  Pension Credit is a benefit distributed by the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) to help those retired and on lower incomes with living costs. It is separate from the state pension and people can receive this even if they have other income, savings, or own their own home. However, according to the charity Independent Age, it has the lowest take-up of all income-related benefits - despite many people being owed it. So, it might pay for people to check whether they may be entitled to claim it. If they do, they may be able to benefit from council tax support. Pension Credit rules can be complex but first and foremost, a person must live in England, Scotland or Wales and have reached the state pension age (66 and over). They or their partner must also be in receipt of housing benefit for people above state pension age. DON'T MISS: Brits will spend £32,017.99 on unexpected costs over their lifetime [ANALYSIS]You could save £700 a year on energy bills with simple upgrades [EXPLAINED]Pension warning as income could be subject to 'death tax' [INSIGHT]     If this applies, the person must then work out their total weekly income. This is calculated to include the person’s state pension, other pensions, earnings from employment and self-employment, and most social security benefits, for example, Carer’s Allowance. People are most likely to be eligible for Pension Credit if their total weekly income is roughly under £200. However, if their income is higher, they might still be eligible. If a person has a disability, cares for someone, has savings, or they have housing costs, credits are available to provide a boost. READ MORE: 'Serious' reason to repair 'old' windows - 'heat energy can escape'    So, even if a person only passes the first stage of eligibility, people can check the website online here or call the pension credit helpline to see if they qualify for something else. As each local council run its own council tax support schemes, how a person makes a claim might differ depending on where they live. However, the first thing a person should do when making a claim is to contact their local council. People can find out what theirs might be by typing their postcode into this Government tool.  According to charity Age UK, people who have a low income and less than £16,000 in savings may still be entitled to some help towards their council tax bill. For people who are not over the state pension age, the council tax support they’re entitled to is worked out under 'working age scheme' rules. As mentioned, each local council manages its own scheme, so people are advised to check the rules directly with them as they may differ. 