The mother of Hunter Biden's lovechild, Lunder Roberts, is seeking to have her daughter's surname changed to Biden to enjoy the same benefits her half-sibling and cousins have through their connection with Joe Biden. The former stripper lodged a request accusing the Biden family of being "estranged from the child" and requesting the situation be rectified through the name change. The filing read: "To the extent this is misconduct or neglect, it can be rectified by changing her last name to Biden so that she may undeniably be known to the world as the child of the defendant and member of the prestigious Biden family." Ms Lunden's lawyers also accused Mr Biden of "attempting to stifle discovery into his financial affairs while simultaneously reducing his child support obligation on the claim that he now earns less income." Her legal team have been putting pressure on the President's son to disclose full details of his financial situation after he sought to have his child support payments reduced because of his struggling "financial circumstances". But lawyers for Ms Lunden have cited his "well-established history of a lavish lifestyle" as justification for their demands for full transparency. Ms Lunden's daughter, Navy Joan Roberts, was born in Arkansas in August 2018 whilst Mr Biden was pursuing a relationship with Hallie Biden, the widow of his brother Beau. JUST IN: Jeremy Renner in 'critical but stable condition' after Marvel star 'airlifted to hospital' Mr Biden denied having met Ms Lunden at the Mpire Club in Washington DC but his claims were disproved by a DNA test. Hunter Biden settled with his lovechild's mother for $2.5 million in 2020 but has had limited contact with his youngest daughter. Mr Biden shares daughters Naomi, Finnegan and Maisy with his first wife Kathleen Buhle, whom he divorced in 2017. After his relationship with Hallie Biden concluded in 2019, he married South African filmmaker Melissa Cohen within one week of meeting her in 2020. The pair share a son, Beau, who was born in March 2020. READ MORE: Bryan Kohberger 'looked exhausted' on a 'knife's edge' in days before the Idaho killings Hunter Biden is not the only member of the family who has kept contact with Navy limited, as the President and his wife Jill have also repeatedly failed to include her in family traditions. Pictures from the White House's Christmas celebrations showed all members of the family, including dog Commander and cat Willow, secured a stocking on the mantel bar four-year-old Navy. Breitbart News White House correspondent Charlie Spiering shared a picture of the residences fireplace, commenting: "The Bidens put 9 stockings on the fireplace this year. "Last year, they were mocked for featuring their six grandchildren and ignoring their illegitimate grandchild Navy Jones. DON'T MISS:82 years since the Second Great Fire of London [INSIGHT]The world of football pays their respects to 'icon' Pele [REVEAL]Blair gifted Putin pair of silver No10 cufflinks in bid to entice him [REVEAL] "Looks like Naomi's new husband Peter gets a stocking this year as well as pets Commander and Willow." All of the Bidens' grandchildren, including Beau Biden's daughter Natalie and son Robert, were featured in the display. The First Lady also had a stocking made for her granddaughter Naomi's new husband, Peter Neal. Naomi and Peter tied the knot on the South Lawn in November, marking the first wedding to take place at the White House in nearly a decade and the first of a president's grandchild.