Chris Eubank Jr is set to return to the ring tonight for the first time since last February as he takes on former WBO light-welterweight champion Liam Smith in Manchester. After a disappointing 2022 defined by the frustrating collapse of his blockbuster showdown with Conor Benn, Eubank Jr is hoping to kick off the new year in style and begin his run towards world championship honours. However, Smith is planning on upsetting the apple cart. The proud Liverpudlian has been on a fine run of form as of late, winning his last three, including victories over highly-thought of British prospect Anthony Fowler and ex-WBO welterweight champion Jessie Vargas. Eubank Jr, meanwhile, has won five straight since losing to George Groves in his only shot at a major world title. Last time out, he beat Liam Williams in the Welshman’s back garden at the Motorpoint Arena, Cardiff. Fight time and venue The event is being held at the AO Arena, Manchester with the main card expected to commence at 6pm before Eubank Jr and Smith square off in the headliner at 10pm. TV channel and live stream All of the action is available on pay-per-view via Sky Sports Box Office at a one-off cost of £19.95. The fight can be streamed on all good internet-connected devices including laptops, mobile phones and smart TVs via the Sky Sports Box Office App. Full card Chris Eubank Jr vs Liam Smith Richard Riakporhe vs Krzysztof Glowacki Ekow Essuman vs Chris Kongo Joseph Parker vs Jack Massey Frazer Clarke vs Kevin Nicolas Espindola Matty Harris vs Jiri Surmaj Scott Forrest vs Amine Boucetta MORE BOXING NEWS... Eubank left 'whinging' by Smith body shot as sparring details emerge Joshua 'rejected' fight with McKean due to troublesome quality Transgender boxing division to start with 'tester event' - EXCLUSIVE  Quotes Chris Eubank Jr: “He’s a competent fighter, but class beats competence every day of the week. It’s a good opportunity for me to show I’m twice the fighter that he is as well as those he has faced. “Sixty per cent is much too generous to give to Liam Smith. He’s below that and if he’s ready for it then he will receive it.” Liam Smith: "That's just him being him. You come in at 50 per cent, please do. What are you paying Roy Jones [his trainer] for then? "Why put a rematch clause in? I know his whole team know this is a lot tougher fight for him which is why this rematch clause got put in place. He doesn't make the weight as great as he makes out. "He holds a good shot. His chin will get tested and his body will get tested but I can knock anyone out, especially with 10-ounce gloves on." 