A chilling video shows LSU student Madison Brooks leaving a bar accompanied by the young males accused of raping her. Intoxicated Brooks was allegedly raped after four suspects picked her up at a local bar in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, before abandoning her on a dark roadway where she was hit by a ride-share driver. In the video, Brooks is seen running across the street after the four men as they left Reggie’s bar in the early morning hours of January 15. The 19-year-old student had met the group at the bar that night before getting into their car, where she was allegedly raped by two of the men — 18-year-old Kaivon Washington and an unidentified 17-year-old — in the backseat. After the alleged assault, the men dropped Brooks off along a dark stretch of road at around 3am where she was fatally struck by a ride-share vehicle. Two samaritans attempted to give CPR to the 19-year-old before she was taken to a hospital where she died. The coroner said Brooks later died from "multiple traumatic injuries". READ MORE: Four arrested after university student, 19, 'raped then dumped and run over by a car' East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's Office has said the driver was "not impaired" at the time of the incident and had "contacted emergency personnel immediately". Kaivon Deondre Washington, 18, and a 17-year-old male, unnamed because he’s a minor, have been charged with rape in the third degree. A third-degree rape charge generally involves a victim who is “incapable of resisting or of understanding the nature of the act by reason of a stupor or abnormal condition of mind produced by an intoxicating agent or any cause and the offender knew or should have known of the victim’s incapacity”, according to Louisiana law. Mr Washington’s uncle Everette Lee, 28, and Casen Carver, 18, were charged with principal to rape and were released on bond on Wednesday. DON'T MISSMum faces 27 years in jail after leaving son on river bank [REPORT]Father and son break state record after landing huge catch [INSIGHT]Suspects fillmed 'laughing' at 19-year-old rape victim [LATEST] They were believed to be present but did not take part in the alleged crime. Prosecutors have vowed to upgrade charges against four males accused of raping the Louisiana State University student. At a bond hearing this week, prosecutors said they would seek to upgrade charges to first-degree rape and plan to convene a grand jury in the case. In the hearing, a judge said that footage shot by one of the suspects – along with other evidence – proves a crime occurred that night. READ MORE: Mum faces up to 27 years in jail after leaving newborn son on river bank to die Judge Myers told the court "the evidence to me is clear" adding that it was obvious a crime had occurred before Brooks died. Specifically, Judge Myers said he watched a video of Brooks and the suspects from inside the vehicle, according to the report. He said footage, which was allegedly taken by one of the four suspects, depicted the others "callously" laughing at Brooks, who appeared to slur as she spoke. The video reportedly did not include the alleged rape. The judge also saw footage that showed Brooks inside Reggie’s bar earlier in the night as she struggled to stand up and could be seen falling. Prosecutors are also expected to empanel a grand jury. Judge Myers ordered Washington be held on $150,000 bond in connection with the third-degree rape charge.