A youthful 23-year-old mum took to TikTok after security at her local supermarket approached her to question why she was out shopping "without her parents". Shakira, who was picking up groceries with her son and three nephews, shared her story on her page @svillegasacevedos. She filmed the video from her car after the incident, explaining: "So I am with the kids. We were doing a Walmart pickup and they called security on me." The mum said security asked her: "Excuse me, where are your parents." She added: "I'm the parent b**ch." Her children can be heard laughing in the back of the car as she recounts the tale. She overlayed the video with text reading: "You're grown but you look like a child" and added a caption saying: "I need to gain weight." READ MORE: Prince Harry seen 'lapping up attention' after Stephen Colbert show This is not the first time her youthful appearance has been highlighted, though. In one TikTok video, Shakira notes how some followers don't believe she is 23 and have told her she looks 14. In another video, she described an incident visiting a hospital with her son when the nurses mistook her for a younger person. "I went to the ER with my baby when he was about 10 or 11 months old," she explained. "We were sitting there for about two hours and then the nurse walks up to me and she asks me 'ma'am when is your parent going to arrive?'" DON'T MISSSkincare routine of 72-year-old who 'doesn't look a day over 50' [COMMENT]How to look younger: Jennifer Lopez's 4 anti-ageing techniques [INSIGHT]Makeup mistakes women over 50 make that can ‘add years to your face’ [EXPLAINER] Video viewers were in agreement, with one commenter writing: "You look like a 14-year-old." Another added: "Your child's laugh like yeah she gets it all the time." [SIC] Some viewers have suggested that the mistake could be down to the woman's choice of attire at the time, as she is wearing a onesie pyjama set. Shakira confirmed, however, that she was wearing this in solidarity with her nephews who were attending a pyjama day at school. Replying to a comment, she said: "It was pyjama day for the kids at school and I was like why not participate with them? Whatever my babies do I am going to do too." Others suggested the mistake may have been made due to her short stature. Shakira confirmed she is five feet and two inches in height. However, other video viewers advised the mum to take the mistake as a compliment. A commenter named Annie wrote: "It's truly a gift to look younger." Another named Linda said: "Take it as a compliment. You look fabulous." Lisa added: "You just have a very young face, you’re blessed!"