Half the battle of selling a home is anticipating problems before they come up. Selling a home is a major life milestone, and it can be complex when you consider all of the steps involved: preparing and listing; making repairs; finding a buyer; navigating the closing process; and finally moving into your next place. The consequences of a mistake can impact your finances and most importantly, your peace of mind. To ensure a house sale runs smoothly, Alex Goody, property expert at House Sales Direct, spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk to share four of the “biggest mistakes” to avoid. With most estate agents charging a hefty commission on the sale of your home, it can be tempting to want to try and sell your home on your own. However, Alex warned that it’s generally “not a good idea” to do this, especially for those who haven’t sold a home before. He said: “Having a dedicated agent will take a lot of the stress of selling your home away as they are experienced property sellers, able to manage prospective buyers, viewings and offers. “They will value your home and give you a fair price, one which reflects the true value of the property and will not be too high to put off buyers. “Trying to manage all this by yourself can often be overwhelming, especially if people are offering less than the asking price. Agents are experienced negotiators and will help you get the highest possible offer. READ MORE: Estate agent shares home improvements to avoid - ‘off-putting’ “An agent will always have your best interests at heart; they want to sell your house just as much as you do. If you don’t fancy paying the estate agent fee, which is usually two to four percent the selling price of your home, there are online estate agents whose services are completely free and can sell your home in record time, such as House Sales Direct.” This is by far the most common mistake sellers make – and it can cost them dearly, according to the pro. Alex explained: “An overpriced home is perhaps the number one reason why homes can sit on the open market for months and receive little interest. “It’s vital that you know the market value of your property and how it compares to other homes in your area. Prospective buyers will be doing exactly this. DON'T MISSEliminate yellow stains from toilet seats with ‘magic’ household item [TIPS]‘Essential’ factor for orchids to flower - avoids failed blooming [EXPERT]Interior trends ‘definitely out’ for 2023 which ‘lack life and energy’ [INSIGHT] “If they believe that your home is listed for too much then they will try and knock you down on price or won’t even give your property the time of day.” The longer your property is on the market, the less chance Britons have of selling it at a good price – or, in some cases, at all. Whereas pricing a property on the low side will not be as much of an issue as this will generate interest and will hopefully result in multiple offers with buyers then bidding upwards to secure the property. Choosing the right time to put a house on the market will increase the chances of it selling sooner. READ MORE: ‘Tacky’ interior trends to avoid that make your home appear ‘cheap’ According to Alex, Brittons should avoid putting their house up for sale during the winter. He explained: “Winter can be a slower time of year for the real estate industry. With Christmas and New Year, people are often preoccupied with family and social commitments, so may turn their attention away from moving home. “Another disadvantage of selling during the winter is that the shorter and darker days make it harder for prospective buyers to view your home in all its glory. “Many people may only be able to view on weekends or after work during the week, meaning it can be dark when people want to have a look around. It can be difficult for buyers to get a full picture of the exterior of your property, and it can be harder to know how much natural light it gets. This may make people more hesitant in making an offer or may mean they offer less.” Instead the property guru recommended selling during warmer months as this helps eliminate this issue and can be an “even bigger benefit” for those who have a nice garden, which will only start to flourish with the onset of spring. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea For those who think their property has major issues that could put buyers off, like a short lease or a structural defect, there's no point trying to hide it. Instead, try to face the problem head-on. When a buyer is viewing your home, answer their questions honestly. Alex said: “If you think trying to hide problems with your property, such as damp or any structural issues, is a good idea, it isn’t. You may think that trying to cover these up will help you get more interest and offers; however, it is simply best to be upfront about any issues like this. “Even if the buyer is unaware of any problems, the buyer’s survey will reveal these, and this may result in them pulling out of the sale and a fall through. It will also mean you will lose their confidence having not been upfront about these issues. “Letting buyers know about any issues from the start means that anyone who does make an offer will be a serious buyer, and less likely to pull out once the survey is conducted.”