A man who won a £2.5 million house in a raffle says he is one of the "luckiest men in Scotland". And while Grant Carson, 58, is thrilled with his new home it will also bring a longed-fopr added benefit - the Lake District property will finally allow him to get a dog.  Grant has been living in a three-bedroom semi-detached house in Glasgow for 17 years. Now, he will be swapping this for a five-bedroom, 18th-century farmhouse set in eight acres, a short distance from Lake Windermere. The property was won in the latest Omaze Million Pound House Draw and comes mortgage free with all stamp duty and legal fees covered. Delighted Grant has also been given £100,000 in cash. Grant, who says he has never won anything in his life, was stunned when the Omaze team surprised him at his home to tell him. Speaking to the Mirror, Grant said: “When the Omaze team rang my doorbell I couldn’t quite believe it at first, it’s not your average Friday night that someone comes to your door and tells you that you’ve won a £2,500,000 house! "I’ve never really won anything before this, but now I might be one of the luckiest men in Scotland!" Grant said he is now looking forward to getting a dog which is something that was previously impossible. Diagnosed with arthritis at age 7, the condition made make long walks challenging. But Grant says as his new home is surrounded by such “idyllic countryside” and as he can “definitely afford a dog walker” it’s the perfect time to finally own a four-legged friend.   His wife Ruth sadly passed away in 2011 and the couple had been together for 25 years. The childhood sweethearts first met as teenagers at college. James Oakes, Chief International Officer at Omaze said: “We’re absolutely delighted that Grant has won his dream home. By offering incredible prizes, like this beautiful house in the heart of the Lake District, we give people the chance to win the house of their dreams, while also introducing charities to audiences they wouldn’t usually be able to reach. "This method of fundraising is helping to make a big difference, we’ve already raised £9,150,000 for good causes across the UK." Recently, Grant moved to a job as a freelance consultant after working for a charity that helped disabled people for 27 years. He said: "I’ve just left my old job helping disabled people across Glasgow, so starting out as a freelance consultant was a big change, but this win has given me a financial security I’d never dreamed of. It means I can focus on my new venture helping organisations to meet the needs of disabled customers, with a lot less pressure."   Keen on the house, Grant spent £100 on 850 entries into the draw and his tactics worked. “I love the Lake District, it’s one of the most beautiful places in the country," he said. "I’m still pinching myself that I actually own a house here. I’m not sure what I’ll do long-term yet, but I’m going to move in for a while and enjoy it." Grant has the choice of living in the rural house and enjoying its views of the South Lakeland Valley, or selling it. He could also rent it out, with local estate agents estimating it could fetch around £5,000 a month. The 18th century house is surrounded by stunning scenery, with a tree lined garden and wild hay meadows overlooking rolling green hills. "Whatever I decide, it’s a truly life-changing win for me," he added. The house is built from north to south so it captures the day's sunshine and has a tree-lined garden with an extended patio." A freestanding bath is situated in the main bedroom's ensuite bathroom, which also features twin wash basins. There is also a standalone guest suite that has vaulted ceilings, its own kitchen, bathroom, living space and bedroom.      Stretching to 6,000 square ft, the property has been renovated but still has all of its original features, such as the open fire in the living room and atrium hallway. The draw to win it raised £850,000 for the Dogs Trust charity. Owen Sharp, Chief Executive of Dogs Trust, said: “This innovative prize draw has raised an astonishing amount for Dogs Trust, and we’re so grateful to everyone who entered – the money raised will go towards our vital ongoing work to take care of dogs and find them their forever homes – which at the moment, sadly, so many are in need of. “Congratulations to Grant for winning the Lake District house - what an incredible way to start his new year - and I’m delighted that he will finally be able to get a dog, who will no doubt enjoy the amazing residence as much as Grant will.” 