Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag reportedly wants to keep Facundo Pellistri at the club this month despite the winger not being included in the Manchester derby matchday squad. Pellistri, who made his long-awaited Red Devils debut last week, was not even a substitute for the 2-1 win over Manchester City. United are expected to receive loan offers for the 21-year-old before the end of the January transfer window. Championship club Watford and La Liga outfit Valencia have both been linked with temporary deals. Pellistri, who has previously spent time on loan at Alaves, apparently prefers a move to Valencia. However, the Uruguay World Cup star could stay at Old Trafford for the remainder of the season. Ten Hag and the rest of the United hierarchy want the former Penarol starlet to remain at the club and compete for his place. That is despite Pellistri not being included in the 20-man squad for the Manchester derby. JUST IN: Manchester United are set to welcome another Telles and Fellaini That is according to United Muppetiers, who also report that the club will make no further signings in January. Wout Weghorst has been brought in on loan from Burnley to replace the departed Cristiano Ronaldo. A lack of further incomings could be partly why United are unwilling to let Pellistri leave. Last week, The Athletic reported that United were set to meet with the player’s representatives to discuss his future, having scarcely featured for the club despite being a key player for Uruguay at the World Cup. Pellistri would prefer a loan switch to Valencia over Watford, the report added. It came after the youngster made his long-awaited debut two-and-a-half years after joining from Uruguayan outfit Penarol. Coming on for the final five minutes of the EFL Cup tie with Charlton, Pellistri set up one of Marcus Rashford’s two goals with one of his first touches. Ten Hag spoke positively of his performance after the game. DON'T MISS...Man Utd star Garnacho now has three reasons to sign new contractMan Utd star Garnacho has proved Rangnick right after Man City winMartinez's view on Ten Hag after being dropped for Man Utd vs Man City The Dutchman said: “I see a future in him. He is doing really well and we have to see what is best [for him]. He is progressing. Against Everton [in a behind-closed-doors friendly], I was really happy with his performance. “I was happy with his performance at the World Cup so his progress is really good and now he is coming on and has an effect. So that’s the next step that I say: ‘Well done, Pelli, keep going’.” Meanwhile, new signing Weghorst could make his debut in United’s trip to Crystal Palace on Wednesday evening. The 30-year-old was signed too late to feature in the win over City.