A controversial Facebook group of online detectives is theorising about how the prime suspect in the University of Idaho murders may have been set up. Members of Justice for Bryan Kohberger claim evidence linking the 28-year-old with the brutal stabbings is merely “circumstantial” and believe scratches from a struggle would have been visible on him in the days after. They also claim Kohberger's car is different to the vehicle located nearby at the time of the murders. This is despite investigators saying a white Hyundai Elantra - the same model of car spotted in the vicinity - was registered to Kohberger. Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Madison Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and Ethan Chapin, 20 were found brutally stabbed to death in their beds on November 13. One group member even goes as far as suggesting the sheath allegedly containing DNA evidence linking the suspect may have been planted. READ MORE: Forensic expert describes 'dramatic' moment Idaho killer may have started slaying students Another unsubstantiated claim made by the group is that cellphone records from that night cannot sufficiently link Kohberger to the scene. The 18-page police affidavit contradicts these claims. Investigators canvassed the area of the King Road house to collect video footage, which revealed a white sedan, later identified as a Hyundai Elantra, traveling toward the home around 3.30am, making several passes by the house and then departing the area around 4.20am "at a high rate of speed". Security footage from the campus of Washington State University in Pullman, Washington, where Kohberger is a graduate student, showed a similar white sedan headed in the direction of Moscow, about 15 miles away across the state line shortly before 3am and then appearing to return around 5.30am. DON'T MISSOne dead and four injured after shooting outside club [REPORT]Man found alive after two days 'at bottom of sea' [INSIGHT]Idaho murder suspect's social media posts show lack of empathy [LATEST] On November 29, a police search of vehicles registered to WSU students revealed a 2015 white Hyundai Elantra registered to Bryan Kohberger, originally with Pennsylvania plates that were later registered in Washington. The affiddavit addresses the knife sheath - likely a crucial piece of evidence in the case. Kohberger's DNA was found on the snap button enclosure of a knife sheath found at the murder scene, police say. Kohberger's cellphone activity from that night is considered suspicious, even if circumstantial. READ MORE: Idaho murders: Bryan Kohberger to appear in court day after students return to campus In late December, investigators worked through records, attempting to uncover whether his phone had pinged towers near the crime scene or on routes to and from it. An initial search showed that his phone did not, in fact, ping any cellphone towers near the crime scene on November 13 between 3am and 5am. Then, at 4.48am, the phone appeared on the network again, pinging along highways south of Moscow, then west across the border into Washington state and then back north toward Pullman — a timeline that aligns with security footage of the white Elantra, investigators noted. The disappearance of the phone from the network for two hours was consistent with an effort "to conceal his location during the quadruple homicide", the affidavit says. The phone also returned to the area of the crime scene around 9.15am on November 13, about five hours after the stabbings, before they had been reported to police. Express.co.uk has reached out to the members of the Justice for Bryan Kohberger group for comment.