Express.co.uk spoke to two astrologers who predicted different outcomes for Charles following his coronation. One psychic claimed the monarch will enjoy a long reign, while another predicted trouble for the Royal Family on the horizon. Celebrity psychic Jasmine Anderson explained that the alignment of the planets at the time of Charles' coronation helps one to determine the monarch's future. She said: "Right off the bat I am not seeing King Charles being our King for very long. "To begin with, the date of his coronation is May 6, and we will be in Mercury Retrograde." She explained: "Mercury Retrograde occurs when it appears that Mercury is going backwards in the skies. It isn't actually going backwards, it's just an illusion because of how the planets and our solar system orbits the sun. READ MORE: Anne & Camilla had 'potential for frostiness' - but now have 'rapport' "Mercury rules communication, travel, messages and electrical equipment. These can become temperamental during a Retrograde. "I always tell my clients to expect delays during a Retrograde, have a back up plan, make sure they check travel plans in advance. "Expect miscommunication. It's also not a good time to start anything new, move house or start a new job if you can help it. This goes for starting new relationships also." It isn't, therefore, a good time to be crowned, which is essentially the first, official step in Charles' journey as King. DON'T MISS:Face yoga routine to eliminate your double chin naturally [INSIGHT]Try '60 second' tip to de-puff eyes and get rid of dark circles  [COMMENT]Look younger using 'easy' makeup tip to 'get rid of' mouth wrinkles [EXPLAINER]  Jasmine continued: "Starting something new during a Retrograde can often mean problems will occur later on and it will be short lived. "Since Charles took on the role of King I have felt that his reign will not be a long one. "But, for how long? I feel anything from a few months to 18 months, but as time goes on the more I feel that he will abdicate before a coronation. This is a possibility. "Diving in a little deeper into some tarot, it looks like he will go through with his coronation and he will be successful, but it won't be a long reign, like I felt," Jasmine added. Patrick Price, astrologer at horoscope app Nebula, meanwhile disagreed with Jasmine. He told Express.co.uk that Charles' reign will be a long one. He said: "In astrology, a transit is when a celestial body such as a planet or comet moves into a specific position, and by tracking this and seeing how it relates to the positions on someone's natal chart, we can get a really good idea of what will be happening for them moving forward. "One such transit to take note of is that towards the end of the year, both Charles and Camilla will have the Sun (which represents the self) in their third house (the house of the mind, intellect, and legacy), at the same time as each other. "This may suggest that the royal household will remain very stable and unified and have a period of strength during their reign. This level of stability and unity in astrology might suggest a longer tenure." There have been suggestions by experts that Charles may step aside for William to be King before his death, but Patrick said he doesn’t think this to be likely. He continued: "There are several upcoming transits that may give a glimpse into the mentality Charles could have when it comes to his outlook on passing on the throne to William before his death. "One such transit is when Pluto passes through his sixth house. Pluto is the planet of renewal and can be a good planet to follow in order to see someone's career choices, and the sixth house relates to health and daily routines. "Pluto coming into this house would possibly imply that Charles will seek to fulfil his duties until the end and would carry on his mother's tradition of wearing the crown until the end. "This transit could also allude to Charles having an outlook on his role as King as more than just a 'job', and more of a calling or vocation. Again, this likely reinforces the idea that Charles may serve as King until his death."