James Martin, 49, explained that the “biggest low” about his hugely successful career as a TV chef has been putting everything else aside. The Saturday Kitchen star has been in a relationship with girlfriend Louise Davies for 11 years but decided not to tie the knot or have any children. In an unearthed interview, James unveiled the reason behind his decision not to start his own family. He described the choices he made in order to push his career further as the “biggest low”, with the idea of not having a traditional family being in the cards. He said:  "The biggest low of my career is that I’ve given up everything for it. "I look at my mates and they’re all married with kids, and that’s not the case for me because I’ve been so focused on work. READ MORE: Strictly tension as Hamza 'unfollows Giovanni amid dates with Jowita' "The level of commitment it requires and the choices you have to make have a huge impact." However, James did not regret doing things the way he did, choosing the same pathway a second time around if needed. "But would I do the same thing again? Probably, because it’s made me who I am," he added to Prima Magazine back in 2020. James has been in a relationship with Louise Davies since 2011 after meeting on the set of a TV show. Not much is known about the pair's longtime relationship, with the Saturday Morning host keeping his private life under wraps and away from social media, however, this hasn't stopped insiders revealing details. The TV star previously dated a former Miss England, Sally Kettle, to a James Bond producer, Barbara Broccoli. He met Louise in 2010 when he went on to the celebrity version of Who Wants To Be a Millionaire. Since news of their relationship came in 2016, the television chef rarely speaks about his private life with his long-term partner. DONT MISS: Rod Stewart announces unborn baby's gender in adorable clip with Penny [PHOTOS]Jeremy Renner ‘ran over leg’ and ‘lost a lot of blood’ - new details [NEWS]Earth, Wind & Fire drummer Fred White has died aged 67 [LATEST] However, a source gave an insight into the pair’s relationship in 2017, telling The Sun: "James desperately wants to keep his private life out of the spotlight and under wraps following his romance with Barbara Broccoli. "It’s easy to do with Louise as she likes things low-key as well, unlike Barbara who loved making a fuss over him." The insider added Louise goes "everywhere" with him, often coming along with him to his TV production sets. James previously explained that while others may be happy to go all out for the big day, he admittedly is "not interested" in getting married. He added that he has catered at a lot of wedding events and understands all that goes into the big event. Asked if he would ever walk down the aisle, James said: “No, it doesn’t interest me in the slightest, mainly because I’ve catered for so many weddings, really. "I admire people who do it, that’s fine, but I’m quite happy." He added to the Sunday People in 2019: "I don’t need to spend 60 grand on a day, no, I’m more than happy thanks."