Anyone travelling to the continent by ferry from Dover tomorrow is being urged to rethink their plans as strikes in France will cause severe disruptions. The Port of Dover is warning that ferry services to and from Calais will be suspended due to a national strike in France.  It said that "due to national industrial action in France, services to and from Calais will be suspended from 7am".    The ferry company warned that "due to the lack of details", it "cannot anticipate the level of disruption" that could still hit its changed sailing schedule.  The Port of Dover said it "is still open with services to Dunkirk running as normal", but travellers should expect the port and roads around Dover "will be busier than usual".  In a statement, the company added: "Please plan ahead, allowing extra time for your journey and traffic systems that are in place to minimise delays.  "Calais sailings are expected to resume at approximately 2pm UTC from Dover."    "It is expected that this action will affect multiple outlets and services throughout France."  READ MORE: Putin leads Russia into 'catastrophe' with £82bn economic blow   The company added: "Due to the lack of details, we cannot anticipate the level of disruption this will have to our optimised schedule, and it is possible that our wider operations could be affected throughout the day.  "Please be assured that we will attempt to limit this disruption wherever possible however, if your journey is not essential, we do advise that you rearrange your travel to an alternative date."  While workers in France are striking, nurses in the UK will be on the picket line again as they push for better pay and conditions.  The nursing staff from around 55 NHS trusts are taking part in the walkout, and the Royal College of Nursing says two further, bigger strikes will take place in February.  DON'T MISSHarry undermines Anne's work as he slams 'rigged' hardest-working list [REVEALED]Five expert predictions for Ukraine war in 2023 [ANALYSIS]Rees-Mogg joins GB News as former minister to launch his own TV show [REPORT]   It says low pay is pushing nursing staff out of the profession and contributing to record vacancies.  Also striking tomorrow are more than a thousand workers in the Welsh Ambulance Service, who are members of Unite union.And bus drivers employed by Abellio in south and west London continue strike action. 