Millions of fans in the US are awaiting the return of The Blacklist for its 10th season next month. With Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (played by James Spader) left in the lurch by several key players, some new cast members will be joining the fold when the NBC drama returns, including an upcoming guest star from the network’s equally popular medical series, New Amsterdam. Rising star Michael Bonini caused a stir on Instagram when he confirmed he’ll be joining the 10th season of The Blacklist. The TV actor shared a snap of himself leaving his trailer dressed in a police uniform. Confirming his involvement in the series, he added the caption: “Philly’s Finest #theblacklist #season10.” It’s currently unknown which episode of the series Michael will be appearing in, though his post confirms he’ll at least play a part in one episode of season 10. READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer Michael’s followers were thrilled by the casting news and took to the comments to celebrate his latest high-profile TV role. Instagram user @thedailyhalie_ exclaimed: “Bonini in blue!!!!!!!!!!” And @peggydinunz replied: “You look adorable!” “Thank you for your service,” @kevmiester joked, while @mercedes_citizenskull added: “Yeassssss.” And The Blacklist fan @b18f pleaded: “Picture with Raymond/James Spader please.” (sic) Michael’s new post also seems to confirm The Blacklist will be taking a trip to Philadelphia next season. While most of the series is filmed in New York, it’s largely based around Washington DC, though the agents’ cases often send them to a variety of different locations. Before the return of The Blacklist, viewers can get a preview of his acting range in an upcoming episode of New Amsterdam. He is confirmed to be portraying a character named Pete Sutton in How Can I Help?, which will serve as the series finale. DON'T MISS:Yellowstone boss casts Morgan Freeman for new drama [LATEST]Power’s Naturi Naughton sends touching tribute to co-star [COMMENT]Lockwood & Co trailer teases Bridgerton star’s new role [VIDEO] A synopsis for the episode reads: “Everyone's story reaches a surprising yet inevitable conclusion.” Details about his character are being kept under wraps, but millions of viewers are expected to tune in for the hit medical drama’s final outing. Michael also teased in an earlier IG post: “PETE SUTTON: Professional Douchebag. “Freeeeaking awesome time working on the series finale of New Amsterdam!” The actor has been posting updates from the set of The Blacklist this week, so it’s expected his episode will air at some point later in the season. New episodes will be starting at the end of February following a hiatus since May last year. Following the double exit of Alina Park (Laura Sohn) and Aram Mojtabai (Amir Arison), Anya Banerjee has been added to the main cast as new agent Siya Malik. The Blacklist season 10 premieres Sunday, February 26 on NBC in the US. A UK release date is yet to be announced.