Sky Sports were forced to apologise after homophobic comments were made between Chris Eubank Jr and Liam Smith during their pre-fight press conference. The pair are set to face off in Manchester this weekend in an all-British middleweight grudge match. There have been a number of verbal spats between the pair in the build-up to the fight but tempers spilled over on Thursday as they met for the press conference. And Sky Sports presenter Anna Woolhouse was forced to apologise for comments at the end of the broadcast. She said: "We would like to apologise if you have been offended by the offensive language, personal and homophobic remarks made up on stage." The comments in question were made by both men during an where Smith questioned if Eubank Jr had a partner. During the press conference, Smith shouted: "You go on about girls, has anybody in this room ever seen you with a girl? You got something to tell us? You are 33 and you said on the programme you want kids."  READ MORE: Chris Eubank Jr left whinging by Liam Smith body shot as sparring details emerge     He continued: "This is for no laughs I am just asking, do you want to tell us something? You are putting up pictures with Neymar in limousines. No-one in this room has seen you with a women. If you are happy just tell us; it isn't a dig. You have to have a women to have a kid." Eubank Jr later responded: "Listen, my private life is my private life. That is irrelevant to the boxing but I am happy and comfortable. What would you like to know Liam? If you want to get personal, talking about being gay? I've been told you cheat on your wife. I'd rather be gay than a cheat. If you would like to ask me a question just slide into my DMs." The tensions were then diffused before Sky Sports wrapped up their coverage, with Woolhouse making the apology to the channel's viewers.  Eubank Jr returns to the ring for the first time since his proposed bout with Conor Benn fell through at the 11th hour after the Brit failed a drugs test. He goes into the fight on the back of winning his last six bouts and is the big favourite with most bookmakers to claim victory. "My predictions never change. I think this is going to be an awesome fight while it lasts, but my prediction is that I go in there and stop this guy," Eubank said. Smith, 34, though is relishing the underdog title and believes he has more than enough to see off his opponent on Saturday night. He said: "[Me winning] would be an upset for the people who think I can't do middleweight. Upset and surprised by it will be the people who thought I couldn't step up to 160lbs."