Chay Guillory first appeared on TLC’s My 600lb Life during season three with hopes of kickstarting her weight loss journey. Eight years after her gastric bypass surgery, Chay has continued to wow fans with her impressive transformation.   Chay was introduced to viewers in 2015 and shot to fame for her determination to get on Dr Now’s weight loss program. Although she had begun losing weight, Chay’s food addiction was sent into overdrive after the death of her grandmother. As a result, she sought help after she realised that taking comfort in food could become dangerous. Wanting to “stop the pain”, Chay was referred to see a therapist who helped her through her grieving process and urged her to lose 550lb. READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash     At the time, she was too overweight to become a candidate for the life-saving surgery but was able to lose 119lbs and was finally considered. She remained focused and by the end of her follow-up episode, she had lost a whopping 379lb. During the show, she also had to confront the issues she had with her estranged mother who wasn’t there for her. Her mother also appeared on My 600lb Life and shared “regret” about her daughter not being able to rely on her because she had substance problems. Eight years later, Chay has remained focused and impressed fans as she continued to shed the pounds.     Chay’s major transformation has left her completely unrecognisable compared to the version of herself on the show. Viewers have continued to show their support for the 30-year-old on social media, where she regularly posts life updates. On Instagram, her followers including @rebcreme commented: “I hope u are happy and proud about yourself...you deserve to be happy happy happy.” My 600lb Life fan @lorraine_watret added: “Aw you look lovely.” DON'T MISS...Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry [INSIGHT]1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton admits she ‘lives life how I want’ [INSIGHT]1000-lb Best Friends star’s heartbreaking reason for weight loss [INSIGHT]   A third fan @tamara.britton76 shared: “I’m so glad to see you looking amazing and doing well keep up the good work.” @katerinnaaas stated: “Your story is so amazing! I just rewatched your episodes.” (sic) As well as her major weight loss, Chay was also surrounded by support when she came out as transgender. She revealed: “I feel like for so long I have lived a lie, I was trapped in a 600lb body and now I started to believe I can do this.      “And once I lose the weight, it will be possible for me to be the person I have always identified as and that person is a woman,” Chay told In Touch Weekly. In March 2020, Chay officially married her longtime partner Patrick Mulvey and the two were inundated with well-wishes from fans. She shared photos from her wedding captioned: “Love me tender, love me true, all my dreams fulfil, for my darling I love you and I always will.” My 600lb Life season 11 premieres on TLC in the USA on Wednesday, February 1.