 This evening, Prince Harry’s ITV interview with Tom Bradby began at 9pm to discuss his memoir, ‘Spare’, which the royal said he wrote as it was a “good time to own my story and tell it for myself”. Tom Bradby describes the details in the Duke of Sussex's story as “jaw-dropping” and says it is an “unsparing account of an extraordinary life.”      Journalist Tom Bradby and Prince Harry begin the interview by speaking about the “utterly shattering night” when the royal found out about the death of Princess Diana. Prince Harry described remembering his “sunken bed” at Balmoral Castle in Scotland when his father, Prince Charles entered his bedroom to tell him about the death of his mother. He said he was been left with a "post-traumatic stress injury" after his mother's death and struggled to accept that she had died. Tom Bradby says that one of the “saddest things in the book” is discovering that Prince Harry struggled to remember Princess Diana.      Prince Harry said: “Yeah I know I lost a lot of memories on the other side of this mental wall. You know, I think it is so relatable for so many people for that have experienced loss, especially as a youngster. “That inability to be able to drag the memories back over but I think a lot of it was a defence mechanism.” The broadcaster said Prince Harry writes a “haunting description” of post-traumatic disorder, but Prince Harry has denied he has this condition. The royal clarified: "I refer to it as post-traumatic stress injury because I'm not a person with a disorder. I know I'm not." READ MORE: Tom Bradby needed ‘long lie down’ after reading Harry’s memoir      In the 95-minute ITV interview, Harry goes into detail of the impact grief had of him, and says he returned to the tunnel where Princess Diana was. He said: "I'd always imagined the tunnel was some treacherous passageway, inherently dangerous but it was just a short, simple, no frills tunnel. No reason anyone should ever die inside it." The Duke of Sussex also appeared to blame the media for his mother’s death, as in 2008, an inquiry ruled that the Princess of Wales was killed partly due to the driver being drunk and driving at an unlawful speed. However, Prince Harry has said that in the tunnel there was "no danger of anybody losing control even after a drink or a couple of drinks… [It was] almost physically impossible to lose control of a vehicle unless you are completely blinded at the wheel.” He seemed to imply that distraction from the media caused the car crash, and said: "The people that were predominantly responsible for it, all got away with it.”  DON'T MISS:Prince Harry lays bare why he chose to tell his story now [INSIGHT]Prince Harry says family 'in bed with the devil' to leak stories  [REVEAL]Prince Harry dismisses royal mantra as he claims 'lots of complaining' [REPORT]      Prince Harry has also opened up about Princess Diana’s funeral, and said there was “absolutely no way” he would have let his brother walk behind his mother’s coffin alone. Both Prince William and Prince Harry publicly walked behind Princess Diana’s coffin as it travelled to Westminster Abbey in 1997, when Prince Harry was aged 12 and Prince William age 15.     Prince Harry said: “The decision was made for both of us to walk behind our mother's coffin and there's absolutely no way that I would let him do that by himself. "And there's absolutely no way that he would let me do that by, by myself. It was, if it was role reversal." Prince Harry’s book, ‘Spare’, will officially be released on Tuesday, January 10, but both Kenginston Palace and Buckingham Palace have said they will not be commenting on details of the memoir.  