It can be incredibly frustrating when your laundry doesn’t dry when it’s been on the airer for days, especially when more dirty laundry is building up. With the rising cost of living affecting households, drying wet clothing may be even harder this year. To help other mums struggling to dry laundry, a mum has shared a hack online. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips forum on Facebook, which has more than 109,000 members, one mum suggested using a bed sheet to dry clothing. Jordan Burden wrote: “I was always told if the ground is dry, no matter the season, your clothes will dry too, just takes a little longer. “Little trick I learnt when winter comes is to get your clothes airer and a spare bed sheet and wrap it around the clothes airer. “Attach it to the radiator or a heated fan and it traps the heat and dries the clothes quicker.” READ MORE: Time of day when cost of doing laundry can be '50%' cheaper Jordan’s helpful hack got several likes and others also said they had “tried and tested” this useful way of drying clothing. One anonymous group member wrote: “I’ve tried and tested this, it works brilliantly, your clothing will dry in half the time. “Just make sure the clothing has enough room around it so the hot air can circulate properly, otherwise your laundry will smell.” Anita Shrisi commented: “This is brilliant, I’m going to see if there is enough space near my radiators to do this.” DON'T MISS:‘Rule of thumb’ to follow when filling your washing machine [EXPERT]Method to ‘easily’ remove ‘tough’ yellow pillow stains [COMMENT]'Cheap' but 'effective' household item to clean your entire bathroom [EXPLAINER] A TikTok superstar also recommended this drying hack, @cleanwithjen, who has more than one million followers on the app. Jen told her fans: "Clothes drying hack! Now the wet weather is here, here is a little hack to get your clothes drier quick if you are using a normal clothes horse!" It is important the bed sheet is big enough to cover the airer, a king-size sheet should do the job. Fans, instead of heaters, can also help to dry clothing under a sheet, and this may be even cheaper than using a heater. READ MORE: World’s ‘most dangerous’ plants could be lurking in your garden With the rising cost of living, there are also other ways to help dry wet laundry without using the heating or a tumble dryer. Daniel Nezhad, Director of UK Radiators, explained: “Ventilate the area…contrary to popular belief, you shouldn’t opt to trap the heat in your home by keeping the windows and doors shut tight. “When there are wet clothes filling the area, this will dampen the air in the room and make it near impossible for laundry to dry in good time. “If the clothes are wet, and the air is wet, you’re giving the laundry no chance to lose its moisture. “Plus, you could be causing some real structural damage to your home by encouraging damp spots and even mould to form. Instead, crank open the windows and let the outside air in. This will allow the moisture to escape and prevent the room from getting too clammy.” Although an initial investment, dehumidifiers can help to get rid of excess moisture in the air, drying clothes in a shorter amount of time. The expert said: “These nifty little devices ensure that your property doesn’t get too damp and can be perfect for preventing mould.” When it comes to placing clothing on the rack, it is important to make sure the clothes are strategically placed. This involves making sure longer and bulkier items are placed towards the top, taking care to avoid any clothing dragging on the floor. Daniel also recommended checking items of clothing to make sure socks and underwear haven’t made their way into them in the wash.