A girl, 17, and a woman, 42, have died for "unexplained" reasons on a New Forest National Park property. The bodies were discovered just before 2pm on Thursday, December 29, in Hampshire. Police said the deaths are being treated as "unexplained", but not suspicious. An investigation has been launched into the deaths of the pair, who are understood to be related. They were discovered at Shorefield Road, Downton. A spokesman for Hampshire Constabulary said today: "We were called just after 1.45pm on Thursday December 29 to a report of the bodies of a 17-year-old girl and 42-year-old woman having been found at an address in Shorefield Road, Downton. "The deaths are being treated as unexplained, but not suspicious. "Their family has been informed and a file will be prepared for the coroner." The property the women were said to be found at is near the entrance of Shorefield Country Park, a 'luxury' New Forest holiday park with lodges and a spa. Formerly a royal hunting ground for William the Conqueror, the nearly 1,000-year-old forest spans 219 square miles. Holiday cottages and resorts are available at the popular tourist destination. Their tragic deaths come just two weeks after that of 90-year-old Conservative councillor for Hampshire, Alan Rice. Mr Rice, who had devoted six decades of his life to serving the community, was found dead in a lane beside his home at Whitefield Road, New Milton, at 8.30am last Thursday. Police set up a cordon outside the property but say his death is not being treated as suspicious. READ MORE: 'Guilty Putin' must face war crime trial, says lawyer [REVEAL] Paying tribute on social media county councillor Fran Carpenter said: "Alan will be sadly missed by colleagues and the communities he served and still enjoyed visiting right until his very last day on this earth." Cllr David Harrison added: "He was a very loyal Conservative party member and would often engage in a bit of political banter, but always with a sense of humour. "His record of public service speaks for itself. I respected him particularly for his obvious love of animals and his passion for the Solent generally. He will be missed." 