Bronny James appeared to emulate his NBA legend father LeBron James as the teenager pulled off a between-the-legs dunk in a high school basketball game. James has made no secret of his desire to contest an NBA game either alongside or against his son if and when the 18-year-old enters the league. Bronny could be drafted by an NBA team as early as the 2024/25 season. The four-time NBA champion has publicly declared the prospect of playing in the league with Bronny as a goal of his before James finally walks away from basketball. The 38-year-old looks likely to prolong his illustrious career in order to do so, although he is showing no signs of slowing down. James tallied a season-high of 47 points against the Atlanta Hawks last week and has led the Lakers to four successive wins. As for Bronny, he showcased his impressive dunking ability as Sierra Canyon crushed Chaminade 80-47 on Friday. It was his school’s first game of the season and the 18-year-old celebrated the occasion with a stunning through-the-legs slam to leave fans - and James - stunned. READ MORE: Buffalo Bills head coach offers ‘glory to god’ in first public comment It is clear from the footage that both Bronny has inherited the right genes from James as he eyes a career in the NBA down the line. The four-time NBA champion shared the footage on Instagram with the caption: “MAN WHAT!!!!!!!! Yo you’re really on 1 @bronny!!” In a recent interview with ESPN, James referenced how Ken Griffey Sr. and Jr. pulled off being a father-son duo in an MLB game as he reiterated his desire to play alongside Bronny. Griffey Sr. and Jr. also became the first father-son duo to hit back-to-back home runs in a game when they represented the Seattle Mariners against the California Angels. “I need to get on the court with my son, I want to be on the court with Bronny,” James declared. “Either with the same team or in a game against him. DON'T MISSDamar Hamlin tributes planned by NFL ahead of final regular season tieTampa Bay Buccaneers ace on how Damar Hamlin horror affects his gameNFL star axed by team after announcing he won't sign new contract “I don't mean we'll do one on one in a game, but I'd love to do something Ken Griffey Sr. and Jr. style. It would be awesome, no doubt. “I ask him what his aspirations are and he says he wants to play in the NBA so, if he wants to do that, he has to work for it. I'm already here, I'm just waiting for him.” James is just 450 points shy of Kareem Abdul-Jabbar’s total of 38,397 points and is on track to surpass the NBA icon. The four-time NBA MVP made a point of referring to the legacy standing before Bronny, laughing as he added: “I’ve already told him he has a long way to go to catch me.” James’ 18-21 Lakers take on the Sacramento Kings in their next match on Saturday night.