Leeds CEO Angus Kinnear has confirmed the club intends to continue targeting young players and also warned supporters they could miss out on key targets due to the risky nature of their recruitment strategy. The Whites are showing total commitment to their scouting network as they continue to explore the market for opportunities having recently paid a club-record £35million fee for Hoffenheim frontman Georginio Rutter. The Frenchman followed Max Wober through the door and with Leeds now showing more faith than ever in raw talent - there is a sense the future is bright at Elland Road. Kinnear said of Jesse Marsch's new forward and the next phase of Leeds' plan: "Georginio is a player that we have believed for some time has immense potential and while his availability in January came as a surprise, we were quick to act," said the chief executive. "Our strategy of trying to secure players early in steep development trajectories means we only have two short windows where Leeds United is a viable option. "This ambition inevitably means we will frequently miss out on targets, but the upside is, when we are successful, that we secure talent that can materially help the club move to the next level." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Leeds have received great encouragement to continue pursuing the signings of young players following Wilfried Gnoto's remarkable rise to stardom in the Premier League. The 19-year-old was playing for FC Zurich before his £4million move to Yorkshire and now he is beginning to take English football by storm. Head coach Marsch is now under increasing pressure at Elland Road as Leeds drew 0-0 with Brentford on Sunday afternoon. There is a sense that more experience could be required as Leeds buckle up for another potential relegation dogfight. DON'T MISSArsenal have Gabriel Jesus problem after Man Utd win as Mikel Arteta ignores Prem meetingMan Utd legend looks unrecognisable with huge white beard in pub photograph with fanSporting 'respond' to cheeky opening Tottenham transfer bid for top Antonio Conte target While Leeds are always keeping an eye on openings to improve their squad, the focus will now switch to loaning out some of the club's youngsters. Joe Gelhardt looks set to head to the Championship on loan with Wigan Athletic, Blackburn Rovers, Coventry City and Swansea City among those keen. He had looked poised to rejoin former club Wigan in the past few days but the deal is yet to have been completed. "Rutter's arrival will mean that we will be looking to make some outbound loans before the end of the transfer window," said Kinnear. "We believe that being more active in loaning out our emerging talent will be important in ultimately accelerating their ability to contribute to our first team." The idea behind Kinnear's strategy is that Leeds might be able to one day unearth a player of Harry Kane's quality. He continued: "Harry Kane had four different loan spells before he became England's best striker and Championship experience is a significant step up from competing in Premier League 2." Leeds are currently 15th in the Premier League table but they are slowly edging closer to the drop zone having not won in the top-flight since beating Bournemouth 4-3 on November 5.