With inflation in the double digits, the value of cash and presents are being eroded over time. So, it may be worth asking, ‘How can I give a gift that keeps on giving now and for the future?’. Colleen McHugh, Wealthify’s Chief Investment Officer, spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk about the potential returns by saving for a child’s future with a Junior ISA (JISA). With so much time on their side, whether individuals are investing for their own child or grandchild, a niece, nephew or godchild, setting them on the path to financial security as early as possible is arguably one of the best gifts to give them. Ms McHugh said: “Well, buying a gift that could increase in value over time is certainly one option. “The other is investing money on their behalf. Putting away small amounts over time can really add up.” She referenced some research by Fidelity International which found that if an individual put £50 a month into an ISA for 18 years, their balance would be £10,800. When adding the potential interest from the growth, the total balance could be £16,237. This is a difference of £5,437 that grandparents and parents could be missing out on by just putting cash into a regular savings account, with low returns. READ MORE: 'It’s super easy': Woman shares 'attractive' account which boosts savings by up to £1,200 “Just like an adult, they only start to pay tax once they earn above their personal allowance, which is currently £12,750 - and will remain at that level for the next tax year too. “The rules are tougher though if the interest is earned on money from a parent. “If your child earns more than £100 in interest in any tax year from money you have given them, then you will find that you are personally liable for tax on the interest earned if it’s above your personal allowance.” As a grandparent, people can't open a JISA for their grandchild – that must be done by the child's parent or legal guardian. There are some tax-efficient ways to give money to children and grandchildren such as giving regularly. A £3,000 gift can be carried forward one year but if people don’t use it then they will lose it. Giving money to loved ones regularly can be an effective way to minimise the inheritance tax payable on one’s estate on their death. READ MORE: Pensioners set to receive increased benefit payments from April - full list of rate rises People can give gifts worth up to £2,500 in a year to a grandchild or great-grandchild (on top of their annual exemption) if they’re getting married – but this increases to £5,000 if it's their child. Each child can have a total of £3,600 a year, or £300 a month, saved into a pension. Just as with their pension, the Government automatically tops up payments by 20 percent. So for their child to have the maximum £3,600 a year, total contributions only need to come to £2,880. Myth no 4 - Children can’t get their hands on the money With a JISA, the child can take control of their account when they turn 16, but they cannot withdraw the money until they are 18. Ms Montgomery suggested that families should make it a point of talking about their child’s savings and investments with them as early as possible. Getting them involved and showing them how it’s growing nicely over the years is a good way to instil a savings habit in them that will, hopefully, pay off, she explained.