Ronnie O'Sullivan has stayed true to his word by turning down an invitation to play in the 2023 Snooker Shoot Out event in Leicester this week. The professional ranking event, which implements variations to the current rules of the game, gets underway at the Morningside Arena on Wednesday with the clash between defending champion Hossein Vafaei and Shaun Murphy among the morning session highlights. The format isn't one for purists, with frames lasting a maximum of 10 minutes and players forced to adhere to a shot clock. Other regulations such as players having to hit a cushion with every shot, and blue-ball shoot outs in the result of a tie, are also in place. But despite the ranking points available, and the £50,000 prize for the winner, the event hasn't attracted all of the game's top stars. O'Sullivan did participate in the 2020 tournament after a five-year absence, but promised never to return after losing to world number 104 Billy Castle in the second round. "I will never play in the Shoot Out again. I love it as an event, but as a player there is no value," he said after his shock loss, via Eurosport. "I played it this year, the first time in five years, because everyone said they were enjoying it and I thought ‘I have got to see what it’s all about’." JUST IN: Stephen Hendry fined by snooker bosses after Masked Singer absences But the 47-year-old, who will be aiming for a record breaking eighth world title at The Crucible in April, did say he would still be watching: "As a player I don’t like playing in it, but I can step back and see as a spectator – which is the most important thing at the end of the day – it is enjoyable to watch." He's not only high-profile player to be irked by the concept though. Judd Trump, who O'Sullivan beat in the final to win his last world title in 2022, has not played the Shoot Out since 2016. A year later it was given ranking status, prompting him to sarcastically tweet: "About time the shootout counts towards the rankings, been saying this since it started." DON'T MISS:Yan Bingtao and Zhao Xintong learn fate as 10 stars charged in snooker match-fixing probeJudd Trump beats Mark Williams 10-8 to win second Masters Snooker title and claim £250kJudd Trump shares toilet 'trick' that led to Mark Williams win in Masters snooker final  Another former world champion, Neil Robertson, has described the ranking status as "absolutely nuts." He added: "A huge slap in the face to any player who has actually won a proper ranking event." Many eyes this week will be on Mark Allen, who has already won three titles this season. Last week, he kept his nerve in a tense World Grand Prix final with Trump, winning 10-8 after initially blowing a 7-2 lead.