Stefanos Tsitsipas has already completed a 12-year first by advancing to the Australian Open final, as he becomes the youngest man to make the championship match since none other than his opponent Novak Djokovic as well as Andy Murray. The pair faced off in the 2011 final when they were both 24 and no one as young has been able to make it to the final match of the fortnight until now.  Tsitsipas is into just his second Grand Slam final almost two years after his first at the 2021 French Open. The world No 4 had reached the semi-final stage in Australia on three previous occasions but failed to progress one step further until now, making him the youngest finalist in 12 years. Djokovic and Murray were both 24 when they faced off in 2011, in what was a second Aussie Open final for both men. The Serb had already won one Major before in Melbourne back in 2008 while the Brit was yet to lift a Grand Slam title and it was Djokovic who won the second of his nine trophies Down Under. 12 years later, the 35-year-old is going for his 10th at Melbourne Park and 22nd overall, which would match Rafael Nadal’s men’s singles Grand Slam record. But Tsitsipas will be hoping to channel the 2011 Djokovic on Sunday as he can become just the third player born in the 1990s to win a Major after Dominic Thiem and Daniil Medvedev. JUST IN: Elena Rybakina silences Russia comments with tribute to Kazakh tennis Tsitsipas has already come up against Djokovic in a Major final, taking a 7-6(2) 6-2 lead over the Serb before falling in five sets, in what was a heartbreaking defeat that the Greek star admitted took him until 11 months ago to get over. “I completely forgot about my Roland Garros final,” he said at last February’s ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament. “It’s a good achievement but I don't want to be the guy that holds a runner-up trophy. I wanna be more than that.” And Tsitsipas will have his chance to be “more than that” when he gets the chance for redemption against Djokovic. DON'T MISSAus Open champ Aryna Sabalaneka tears up about 'craziest team on tour'Aryna Sabalenka bursts into tears after winning Australian Open titleNadal may have played last ever Aus Open as Spaniard backed to retire “I couldn't be more ready for this moment to be faced against a player perhaps that has won here a lot of times,” the 24-year-old said after advancing to the final with his win on Friday, speaking before Djokovic had won his own semi-final. “For now all I have to say is this is a very humbling opportunity for me. “Being in the finals here means a lot. Having started here as one of my first junior Grand Slams, and being now in the finals of the men's event, is as important as my very first steps that I took on the tennis court. I'm going to grasp this opportunity and get myself ready for this big day.” 