The iconic game show Deal or No Deal will be back on screens after the In for a Penny presenter, 45, hosted two pilot episodes last year. ITV bosses were so thrilled with his performance on the much-missed show, they have commissioned a whopping 20 new episodes. But there's a shake-up in store as Deal or No Deal will air on ITV instead of its old home on Channel 4. The episodes will run on the broadcaster later this year. The popular game show aired from 2005 to 2016 with popular presenter Noel Edmonds, 74, as host. Fans tuned in regularly as 22 contestants were in with a chance to outwit the banker to win potentially large sums of money. READ MORE: BBC host issues apology to Naga Munchetty over awkward joke Viewers watched as Noel spoke to the anonymous banker by phone and relayed messages back to the contestant hoping to win big. At the start of each game, each contestant chose a box that was worth anything from 1p - £250,000. The mysterious banker would attempt to buy back their box throughout the game. Depending on the amount revealed when the box was opened, the banker would offer the contestant lucrative amounts to buy back the box. Fans loved the suspense of the show which saw some people hold their nerve to go home with the £250000 jackpot prize. Some contestants, unfortunately, joined the infamous 1p club after unsuccessfully trying to outwit the banker. The show has also featured contestants who went on to become celebrities. Singer and presenter Olly Murs took part in the show with little success. The Kiss Me singer left the show with just £10 after turning down an offer for £26,000 from the banker and kept his original box. At the time the star said: "In Noel Edmonds' words, it was the worst run of boxes in Deal or No Deal history. “I basically had the best game and turned down 26 grand. DONT MISS: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on MeghanLorraine Kelly corrected by presenter over Ken Bruce postUV nail polish dryers may cause 'DNA damage and mutations'  He also said the presenter eerily predicted Olly would go on to be successful. Speaking to Essex Live he said: “Noel says on camera 'I'm going to miss you Olly.' He said to me, 'You haven't got failure written all over you.' “I've got a feeling I'm going to meet you again, Olly. I have got a certain vibe from you." When the rumours first swirled the popular show was returning, the Catchphrase presenter immediately threw his hat in the ring. He said of the relaunch: “Are they talking about it? The answer is yes. Would I love to host it? Yes without fail. It’s one of the best game shows ever created.” An insider said the show’s pilot went down a treat and shot down any rumours it would not be sticking to its original format. They said: “Deal or No Deal is such a strong format you don't want to go fiddling with it. “It’s pretty much the same. The boxes are back, the banker is back, and the 22 players. The only difference is Stephen who gives it a fresh feel.”