Alongside her sister Tammy Slaton, Amy has been documenting her weight loss journey and motherhood on TLC’s 1000lb Sisters. Ahead of the season four premiere, Amy revealed how she found out that she was pregnant.  Amy rose to fame after appearing on the TLC reality show where she sought help to kick start her weight loss journey after weighing 406 lbs. Although she faced emotional and physical challenges, she was able to lose enough weight to become a candidate for gastric bypass surgery in 2020. As a result, Amy has continued to shed pounds and has since started a family with her husband Michael Halterman. Ahead of the season four premiere, the mother of two revealed she discovered she was pregnant after a bout with constipation. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'ill' In January 2022, Amy announced her second pregnancy to viewers during a confessional: “We’ve got a big surprise for you guys, we’ve been holding out for a while now to tell you this. “Well, we’re expecting another child,” an enthusiastic Michael chimed. “Baby number two, we’ve been calling it Beanie. We don’t know what it is yet,” Amy added. The 35-year-old went on to explain how her first pregnancy experience helped determine she was pregnant again.    Any reflected: “Two years ago I found out that I was pregnant with Gage because I went to the ER because I was so constipated. “And with this one, it was like, ‘Babe, I haven’t pooped in three weeks, I’m pregnant’, that’s how it went.” Amy went on to give birth to her second son, Glenn in July and recently shared a six-month update with her fans on social media. Alongside the adorable photo, she wrote: “Few days late but y’all my baby boy is six months. I just can’t. How is he already six months?  DON'T MISS...Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry [INSIGHT]1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton admits she ‘lives life how I want’ [INSIGHT]1000-lb Best Friends star’s heartbreaking reason for weight loss [INSIGHT]  “This boy (is) so smart he hit every milestone and some. Right now he is working on crawling he can get his knee up right then he leap. Or army crawls,” she added. The sisters also had more reason to celebrate after Tammy revealed she was officially married after tying the knot to Caleb Willingham. After meeting each other in the rehabilitation centre, they celebrated their union with an intimate ceremony surrounded by their loved ones. Amy disclosed Tammy’s marriage with a TikTok video, as she confirmed: “Hey y’all, there is no more Slaton sisters. I would love to present to y’all the Willinghams.”   Although Amy was enthused and happy for her sister, the trailer for the upcoming instalment reveals Amy was initially concerned. During the clip, Tammy told her sister: “I have started talking to somebody here in rehab.” But a less than impressed Amy responded: “How long have you known this man?” Speaking to the cameras, Amy added: “Tammy being in a bad relationship again is like going back into our old ways.” 1000lb Sisters season 4 premieres on TLC on Tuesday, January 17 in the US. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 