Max Verstappen has been accused of “fuelling toxicity” after branding organisers of an online motorsport race “clowns”. Verstappen hit out at organisers of the Virtual Le Mans 24 Hour event after a technical glitch saw him disconnect six hours from the end while leading. This dropped Verstappen's team down to P15 with the Dutchman eventually pulling the plug and retiring his car. He said the hosts were running a “clown show” and branded the event a “joke”. Verstappen even admitted he would never be competing in the race again and urged his followers to uninstall the software which hosted it. However, commentator Ben Constanduros slammed Verstappen’s remarks as “toxic” as he passionately defended the team behind the scenes. In a Tweet, he posted: “If it's a clown show, that makes me and my hard working dedicated friends, clowns. Usually after a 24hr race I am tired but today has been an ugly, exhausting display of the toxic side of Sim Racing and social media. I am proud of what the Le Mans Virtual Team has achieved. READ MORE: Max Verstappen has online meltdown after retiring from Le Mans race “Both today and the incredible achievements from the first 2 events. (2022 ran without server issues remember. Yes it didn't go Max's way today, he was unlucky to be disconnected like a few other drivers. The rest carried on, one of which won GTE. That is racing. “But calling other humans out so strongly and feeding the community with negativity when in such a influential position was not wise and only fuels the toxicity in the community which only harms the Sim Racing world as whole.” The event did suffer from some technical glitches throughout with the race temporarily stopped on Saturday night due to server issues. The race organisers revealed this was down to a “suspected security breach”. DON'T MISSVerstappen 'feigning polite view' on new Mercedes ahead of 2023 season [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton has already suggested how to end Max Verstappen debate [COMMENT]Red Bull were forced to axe 154 staff members after budget cap rules [ANALYSIS] It was not the first time Verstappen has been affected by a glitch in the Virtual 24 Hours of Lw Mans. The Dutchman was forced out of the inaugural 2020 edition after he collided with another competitor when his screen froze. Verstappen made the remarks on his Twitch stream after deciding to walk away from the event. The Red Bull star commented: “They can’t even control their own game. This is the third time already that has happened to me now, being kicked off the game while doing this race. “This is also the last time ever because what’s the point? You prepare for five months to try and win this Championship, you are leading the Championship, you try to win this race which you have prepared for two months and they handle it like this. Honestly, it is a joke. You cannot even call it an event. It’s a clown show.”