Luisa is a 52-year-old TikTok sensation and style influencer who refuses to dress her age. On her social media channel, she shares her favourite and very daring outfits and although some people tell her that her style is too young, she advises women to wear whatever they like the most despite their age. One of her favourite outfits for dinner or a night out is a black skirt combined with a leather corset. A pleated silver skirt with a statement top is also one of her go-to looks, and those over 50 will feel both elegant and stylish if they opt for the ensemble. Women often go for more conservative clothes and accessories after 40, but Luisa encouraged them to dress how they want. She said: "Style over 50 is wearing what makes you feel good. Fashion should be enjoyed, at any age. Wear whatever makes you happy." READ MORE: Chinese zodiac sign should avoid 3 things or risk 'irreversible harm' Followers took to the comments section to praise her style with one saying: "I will be this fabulous at 50. Like I won’t accept anything less." "I didn’t look like this even in my teens," said a TikTok user and another added: "I need to look like this in my 50s." However, not everyone agreed and some opined that she would look better and even younger if she ditched her grey hair. One user commented: "Love it! But lose the grey hair!!! You can go grey when you are in your 80s." "As a lady in my mid-50s, I can't quite get my head around the grey hair fad," another one said. One social media user commented that she looked like a "20-year-old with grey hair" but Luisa didn't agree. She replied: "But being told you look younger isn’t a compliment. I don’t aspire to that. I’m happy being me. 52." "Please share your secrets. You are gorgeous!" said another one and @shaestonenm agreed saying: "You are so classy and so unbelievably gorgeous!" READ MORE: Harry should have 'difficult but necessary gesture' to 'avoid another' "Wow. You are absolutely glorious my dear. Remarkable stunning," added another TikTok user. Style blogger Notimeforstyle shared her best tips for those who want to achieve "a rejuvenating effect on their appearance". She recommended rolling up your sleeves, which is "a little trick" for a "slimmer, younger and fitter" look. Similarly, the blogger advised women to show their ankles by wearing ankle trousers and flat shoes, for example, in order to "rejuvenate your outfit". Defining the waistline is also key, and Claire Heathcote, co-founder of sustainable cashmere brand Loop Cashmere, said that defining the waistline is a well-known and very effective fashion hack for a younger look, as well as showing off your best features. In terms of colours, neutral shades are the best options for women over 50 and colours to avoid include blacks and greys. The Today Show stylist Orla Diffily explained: "Creams, off-whites, tans and golds reflect light onto the face and make us look younger. Dusky pinks and pale lilacs can also work wonders in turning back the clock. "If you simply love black, then consider pairing it with a scarf, statement necklace or a faux collar for a pop of colour," she added.