A motoring expert is warning drivers that they could risk "flat tyres" and "dead batteries" following the freezing temperatures that the UK experienced this month. This especially applies to the vehicles that were left standing and unused throughout that period. Tom Hixon, Head of Instructor Support at Bill Plant Driving School, said: "The cold weather can take its toll on vehicles, especially if left standing for long periods of time without use. "This could be anything from a dead battery to flat tyres, therefore maintaining your vehicle is crucial throughout these colder months. "I would recommend starting your car at least a couple of times a week and, if possible, taking it out for a short drive will help maintain the battery - if this isn’t possible then let it run whilst standing for a few minutes to let the engine warm up. "It is also important to check your vehicle’s tyres and fluid levels to make sure they don’t get too low as this will pose an issue when you do need to drive your car."  READ MORE: Drivers urged to 'never use' a popular defrosting tip to avoid damage Mr Hixon added: "Ultimately, if you have the option to keep your car in a sheltered area or a garage, I would recommend doing so - if this isn’t the case, do try and maintain your vehicle and not leave it stagnant for too long to avoid additional damage and expenses in the near future." Motorists are also being reminded of the need to top up their cars' antifreeze levels ahead of the new year to prevent unwanted and avoidable damage. Dorry Potter, an expert at National Scrap Car, warned drivers that they could risk engine damage if they fail to make sure that their antifreeze levels are sufficient this winter. Ms Potter said: "A vehicle’s antifreeze/coolant level should always be at the maximum recommended level throughout the whole year." DON'T MISS Simple de-icing mistake could see drivers 'breaking the law' [INSIGHT] Speed camera myths busted including flashing headlights and '10% rule' [REVEAL] Engine oil mistake may lead to 'staggering' petrol and diesel costs [WARNING] The purpose of antifreeze and coolant is not only to stop the water in your engine’s cooling system from freezing during the winter by lowering the freezing point of the water, helping your engine block to maintain an even temperature, it is also vital for protecting your engine from corrosion, aiding heat transfer and preventing rust and scales from building up. "Water expands when it freezes, so without antifreeze to prevent this from happening, you could cause damage to your car’s radiator and other pricey and essential engine components such as the head gasket." Ashley Johnson, Sales Manager at Parkland Motors, echoed Mr Potter's claims saying that topping up with antifreeze is vital this winter. He added that there are several car maintenance checks that motorists should carry out. READ MORE: London ULEZ expansion could see tradespeople charged £3,000 a year Mr Johnson said: “Car maintenance checks are vital to ensure your vehicle continues to perform smoothly and failing to carry out these checks can lead to a potential car breakdown. "With temperatures dropping dramatically in the winter months, spending a few minutes performing these basic checks will prevent damage to your car which may be costly to fix.” Speaking about antifreeze, Mr Johnson explained: "Antifreeze is an absolute must for when the temperatures start dropping into minus figures as it does exactly what it says on the tin - prevents freezing in the engine. “Antifreeze is essential during the winter months but motorists should remember that engine coolant needs to be a mix of 50 percent water and 50 percent antifreeze."  The expert continued: “Antifreeze becomes diluted over time as people top up the engine with water throughout the year. "This means antifreeze becomes less and less effective when more water is added. The engine can overheat during very cold weather if the antifreeze is diluted, so it’s crucial that this is taken care of and topped up.” Another vital check that drivers should not overlook involves the car's tyres. The expert advised drivers to check tyres for pressure and tread depth to make sure they are in good condition. A minimum depth of 3mm is recommended, even though the legal minimum is 1.6mm, as 3mm will ensure an even better grip in wintery conditions. Tyre pressure for every car should be specified by the manufacturer and drivers can find this either on a sticker on the driver’s side door, in the fuel filler cap, or in the vehicle manual. Having overinflated or underinflated tyres can both be equally damaging. Underinflated tyres can cause excessive wear on the edges of the tread due to uneven contact between the tyre and the road. Overinflated tyres have less contact with the road, meaning the vehicle will have longer braking distances and less traction. 