Harry Maguire has made it clear to Erik ten Hag that he is doing all he can to break back into the Manchester United starting XI. The defender put in a near-faultless performance in the FA Cup fourth-round win over Reading on Saturday. Maguire lost his spot in the United team earlier this season. Ten Hag has settled on a preferred centre-back pairing of Raphael Varane and Lisandro Martinez. Maguire went to the World Cup with England and starred for the Three Lions despite a lack of football at club level. However, illness and suspension have further restricted his opportunities since Christmas. The 29-year-old was brought in for the visit of Reading. United ran out comfortable 3-1 winners to reach the fifth round. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Afterwards, Maguire sent a clear message to his manager that he is working as hard as he can to get back into his plans on a regular basis. He told ITV: "I feel like I’ve looked after myself - I think it’s two-and-a-half weeks since my last start - so I’ve been working hard in training. "The lads who’ve been playing have been doing well so when I get the opportunity I need to take it and make sure we win. It was nice to be out there helping the lads and I’m ready when my chance comes." Maguire has been linked with a move away from United this month but looks set to stay beyond the deadline. He feels he will get his chance in the second half of the campaign. The former Leicester star added: "Of course I’m a player, 29 years old, and I haven’t really been in this position in my career so it’s a position that I don’t want to get used to, but it’s part and parcel of football. I’m working hard everyday, I’m pushing, I’m training well, and when my chance comes I need to take it.  "We know at this club we need competition for places. We have some top centre backs at this club so I think we’re all going to be needed from now until the end of the season." Casemiro scored a brace for United against Paul Ince's Reading side before Fred sealed the win off the bench. Maguire hailed Casemiro for the impact he has had on the Red Devils since his arrival from Real Madrid. He said of the Brazilian: "He’s been what he’s been brought in to do - he’s a phenomenal player, he has been throughout his career. You don’t win what he’s won without being a top player so he’s improved the team, he’s improved morale, he’s improved the performance and it’s great to have him."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here