Meghan Markle and Prince Harry "should apologize to the world, the British people, and perhaps some of their own family members" for their claims against the royal institution, a media consultant argued. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have repeatedly hit out at the Royal Family over the perceived bad treatment they received while working as members of the Firm. The Duke further criticised his father, the King, and brother, Prince William, in his explosive memoir Spare, which was released earlier this month. Consultant Kristi S. Hamrick included the Duke and Duchess of Sussex in her list of celebrities who should apologise for their recent conduct. Hamrick said: "Prince Harry and the harridan aka Meghan Markle, should apologize to the world, the British people, and perhaps some of their own family members for making a family squabble a moneymaker and dragging us through their millionaires’ woes. "What would they possibly do for money if they got into a room with those in their lives – without a TV camera – and worked it out? "Since Harry’s dad is head of the Church of England now, perhaps a little scripture could be useful." JUST IN: King Charles and Camilla make powerful gesture to mark Holocaust Memorial Day Writing for Fox News Digital, the media consultant added: "Such as Proverbs 17:9, 'Whoever would foster love covers over an offence, but whoever repeats the matter separates close friends.' "Making a documentary about your family and writing books about them don’t constitute an olive branch, unless by that you mean many trees died to send your feelings worldwide." Harry and Meghan's new life in California was the subject of a six-part Netflix docuseries in which they once again discussed the reasons behind their decision to step down as senior working royals. The pair shared intimate self-shot videos filmed on a plane. The Duke can be heard saying: "We are on the freedom flight." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'might as well live in Iowa' say nonplussed Montecito locals It is unclear whether the video was shot as the couple relocated to Los Angeles from their temporary home in Vancouver Island in March 2020, days after announcing they would no longer work on behalf of the Crown. In the series, the Duke also accused palace aides of intervening to prevent the circulation of negative coverage about the Prince of Wales by "briefing" reporters on stories about him and Meghan Markle. He said: "They were happy to lie to protect my brother. They were never willing, to tell the truth, to protect us. "It is a dirty game. There's leaking but there's also planting of stories. So if the comms (communications) team want to be able to remove a negative story about their principal, they will trade and give you something about someone else's principal." DON'T MISS:Meghan did not 'cast a spell' on Harry, says royal biographer [LIVE]King 'won't host peace summit' with Harry and Meghan before Coronation [INSIGHT]King Charles told he must make changes by Omid Scobie [ANALYSIS] And Meghan Markle insisted she received no guidance on how to best prepare for the requirements of life as a senior member of the Royal Family. She said: "Joining this family, I knew that there was a protocol for how things were done, and do you remember that old movie The Princess Diaries with Anne Hathaway? "There's no class and some person who goes, 'sit like this, cross your legs like this, use a fork, don't do this, curtsy then, wear this kind of hat' - doesn't happen. "I never saw pictures or videos of a walkabout." 