 MPs have voted in support of the Government's minimum service levels bill which would reduce the impact of strikes by frontline workers. The legislation would require a base-level service from ambulance staff, firefighters and railway workers during industrial action. But are you in favour of the new law? Vote in our poll.  Business Secretary Grant Shapps said that Britons had “had enough of the constant, most unwelcome, frankly, dangerous disruption to their lives” from the various sectors taking strike action in recent months.He explained: “There comes a time when we can't let this continue and that is why we need minimum safety and service levels – to keep livelihoods and lives safe, and it's frankly irresponsible, even surprising, for the opposition opposite to suggest otherwise.” The Strikes (Minimum Service Levels) Bill was backed by 309 votes to 249 – a majority of 60. This means it can have a second reading in the House of Commons. READ MORE: Grant Shapps insists on safety net over strikes However, Labour has criticised the plans, with Labour's deputy leader Angela Rayner calling for Mr Shapps to “reflect” on his comments. She said in the Commons: “I cannot recall a measure that is at once so irrational and so insulting. Not only is it a vindictive assault on the basic freedoms of British working people, but this legislation is as empty of detail as it is full of holes.” Unite general secretary Sharon Graham said: “It’s official, the Government has lost the plot. The country is riven with crises and their answer to that is a preposterous attack on the trade unions. “The Government is out of touch with reality. How will devoting precious hours in parliament to unwarranted and unprecedented attacks on trade unions do anything to resolve the cost-of-living crisis, the crisis in the NHS or soaring energy costs?” So what do YOU think? Do you support the UK introducing ‘minimum service’ strike legislation? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below. 