Novak Djokovic has shared his experience of returning to Australia 12 months after being deported and barred from the country. The 21-time Grand Slam champion had his ban lifted in time to return for the 2023 season and now claims he has no expectations about his crowd reception when he finally goes back to the Australian Open in search of a record 10th title. Djokovic played and won his first singles match in Australia since 2021 on Tuesday as he dispatched Constant Lestienne 6-3 6-2 in an hour and 14 minutes to start his season and his Adelaide International campaign with a victory. The top seed later admitted that he had been “pleasantly surprised” with the level of support from the crowd, as he played in front of a packed centre court full of Serbian fans. It was one of many positive experiences that the 35-year-old said he had in Australia this time around after having his visa cancelled twice and ultimately being deported when he arrived in the country last year to compete, but Djokovic isn’t placing any expectation on his return to Melbourne Park for the Australian Open despite a warm welcome in Adelaide. “I mean, every experience and every day that I had so far my visit this year was positive,” the world No 5 said after Tuesday’s match. “The people that I encountered on the beach or in restaurants or wherever I was kind of roaming around the city or of course here at the tennis, everybody was very welcoming.” Djokovic also admitted that he had already dealt with last year’s events before his return, adding: “Well, look, I can say it was different coming into Australia this year than any other year certainly because of the events 12 months ago, but at the same time, 12 months is quite a long time, as well. Already it's behind me. I've moved on.” JUST IN: Emma Raducanu explains 'different dynamic' behind win over Fruhvirtova   And the nine-time Australian Open champion had even made light of last year’s saga ahead of his return to the country, explaining: “Well, I kind of was joking around with my team hoping that I can enter Australia this time, and that's what happened. “It was really, I would say, normal. As any other year coming into Australia except the last year, easy through the passport control, landed well. All was great. Got picked up by official transportation and got to the hotel and moved on with my day.” Djokovic also dispelled the idea that he had been nervous coming into Australia before turning his attention to any thoughts ahead of the Aussie Open. “No, like I was looking forward to it, because if I was not looking forward to coming to Australia, I wouldn't be here. I want to be here,” he said. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu makes statement with impressive comeback win in AucklandWimbledon icon Martina Navratilova diagnosed with two types of cancerNovak Djokovic feelings made clear before Australian Open comeback “I'm glad that I received so far the reception that I wished for. The overall experience up to this moment is very positive. There is no reason to focus on -- what you focus on, you become. If I focus on the negatives, that's what I'll attract, so I don't want to do that. I don't hold a grudge. I am here to play tennis, to enjoy sports and spread good energy.” And he was quick to set aside any discussion over his assumptions ahead of the Australian Open, failing to give a verdict on whether he would receive cheers or boos. Djokovic added: “I don't know. I don't have any expectations. I just try to stay in the moment. Now my focus is on here, on Adelaide, try to do well in this tournament. Obviously Melbourne, Grand Slam, it's different. Obviously so many players, both on the women and men's side. “I'll be there also a week before my first match, as I normally do, training, getting used to the slight difference in the conditions and the speed of the court, and let's see. I mean, I hope that I'll be received well. That's what I'm hoping for, but I don't have any expectations.” 