Launching for PS5, Xbox Series X and PC on February 10, Harry Potter video game spinoff Hogwarts Legacy looks like it could be an early game of the year contender for 2023. The open-world role-playing game takes place in the famous wizarding school, where players must balance saving the world with Quidditch practice and weekly Defence against the Dark Arts lessons. If you're thinking of grabbing a copy but want to save some cash, then check out the magic trick below. TopCashback is currently offering new members the chance to get £10 back when shopping at Argos - no spells necessary. Exclusive to new members only, you can take advantage of the discount by clicking the link above and signing up for a TopCashback account. After making an account and visiting the Argos website via TopCashback, you'll earn up to £10 when making a purchase from the retailer. Essentially, this means you can grab a copy of Hogwarts Legacy for £49.99, instead of the £59.99 recommended retail price. I've taken advantage of new member savings with TopCashback in the past, and while it can sometimes take a couple of months for the money to appear in your account, the site does eventually pay out. Indeed, if you spend a lot of money online, signing up for a TopCashback account is a no-brainer. You can earn hundreds of pounds over the course of a year, simply by going through TopCashback before making a purchase. As for Hogwarts Legacy, the upcoming role-playing game takes place at the iconic school in 1890. In addition to a story mode full of mystery and intrigue, wannabe wizards must attend classes and explore Hogwarts like every other student. "Hogwarts Legacy is an open-world action RPG set in the world first introduced in the Harry Potter books," reads the official description. "Embark on a journey through familiar and new locations as you explore and discover magical beasts, customise your character and craft potions, master spell casting, upgrade talents and become the wizard you want to be. "Experience Hogwarts in the 1800s. Your character is a student who holds the key to an ancient secret that threatens to tear the wizarding world apart. Make allies, battle Dark wizards, and ultimately decide the fate of the wizarding world. Your legacy is what you make of it. Live the Unwritten."