Starz’s hit romance drama Outlander will soon be coming to an end after bosses renewed the show for its eighth and final season. While the announcement will be met with devastation, it won’t be the end of Jamie Fraser’s (played by Sam Heughan) story. Outlander took viewers by storm after it first premiered in 2014, the time-travelled drama told the story of Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) as she was mysteriously transported from 1945 to 1743. While fans have been eager to see the show’s return for season seven, Starz confirmed the drama’s eighth season concludes the series. Based on Diana Gabaldon’s series of novels, the series will end as the longest-running original in Starz history. However, fans will find out more about Jamie’s backstory as the prequel series, Blood of my Blood was given the greenlight.  READ MORE: Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update    In a statement the President, Original Programming for STARZ, Kathryn Busby said: “For nearly a decade Outlander has won the hearts of audiences worldwide and we’re pleased to bring Claire and Jamie’s epic love story to a proper conclusion. “But before we close this chapter there is plenty of their passionate story to tell over the course of 26 new episodes and even more to explore of this dynamic world and its origin story. “We’re thrilled to continue to partner with Matthew, Maril and Ronald and can’t wait to see where their alluring storytelling takes us next.” While bosses have remained tight-lipped about the upcoming prequel, it’s been revealed Blood of My Blood will tell the love story of Jamie’s parents.     Although Ellen and Brian Fraser didn’t appear in Outlander, Jamie often spoke fondly of his parents to his other relatives. His mother Ellen was the sister of Colum (Gary Lewis) and Dougal Mackenzie (Graham McTavish). It was revealed Ellen and Brian had a forbidden romance as her father Jacob refused to set up an arranged marriage. However, things soon took a turn for the worse after Jacob’s death as Colum and Dougal wanted Ellen to marry Malcolm Grant for clan relations. DON'T MISS...BBC's Charlie snaps as Lisa Nandy swerves 'levelling up' probe [INSIGHT]Outlander’s Sam Heughan ‘couldn’t find Jamie’s voice’ in job struggle [INSIGHT]Here's a look at Outlander star David Berry's net worth [INSIGHT]  Instead, she eloped with Brian and the pair hid away from Colum and Dougal until they emerged expecting a baby. Showrunner and Executive producer Matthew B. Roberts opened up about the prequel and shared: “Outlander: Blood of My Blood is, at its heart, a love story. “It will explore what lengths a person will go to find love in a time when love is considered a luxury, and when marriages are made strategically, often for political or financial gain. “The title is a nod to Jamie Fraser’s marriage vow to Claire and there will be several names and faces that Outlander fans will know and recognize.    "Jamie and Claire’s TV story may be coming to an end with season eight, but Diana is continuing on with their literary journey in her wonderful book series and is working diligently on book ten. “With Jamie and Claire, and now Brian and Ellen, there is still so much more to come in the Outlander universe, and we cannot wait to continue sharing these stories with our dedicated fans.” Unlike season seven’s mammoth instalment of 16 episodes, season eight will only consist of 10. Storylines for the eighth and final season are yet to be unveiled as the cast and crew continue with production for season seven in Scotland.  Outlander seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Starz in the US and on LIONSGATE+ in the UK.  