With half-term almost upon us, many families will be looking for affordable places to stay in the UK. Travellers have spotted a Premier Inn money-saving hack to cut the cost to under £10. It comes as the average cost of a family hotel room is not cheap. However, with the latest travel deal, families can get a room for just £8.75 per person per night, reports Birmingham Live. Eagle-eyed travellers from the money-saving community, LatestDeals.co.uk, are using the hack to buy cheaper Premier Inn rooms, cutting the price of a hotel stay to less than £10 per person. Frugal money-saving shopper Emma shared her tips on how to get a room for less than £10 each, and it is all down to the search filter.  Emma says that travellers can get the cheapest price by picking out a room using the search filter to show the cheapest listed price, instead of looking at the area first. She said: "If you can be flexible, picking a hotel that may be a little further than you were originally thinking, then you’re more likely to get a good price. "Hotels which are in the middle of a city will undoubtedly cost more than those which take a little extra time to travel to. "For example, those which are located at motorway services just outside of a city will be cheaper than those next to a city centre high street."  Emma also shared some tips on the dates that are most likely to have more affordable rooms, with Friday and Saturday nights proving to be more expensive than a weekday. The cheaper £35 rooms, which work out at £8.75 per person a night, are often available to book between Sundays and Thursdays. Emma also shared some other benefits to booking hotel rooms this way, as food can also work out cheaper. She said: "The best part about this deal is that the £35 rate works out at just £8.75 each per night if a family of 2 adults and 2 children is booking a hotel room. "Plus, there will typically be a Brewer’s Fayre or Beefeater restaurant on site which provides cheap food. "On average, you can get breakfast for £9.99 per adult, while up to 2 children eat for free per paying adult. It’s an unlimited breakfast, so great value for money!"  Emma's travel tips were met with some pleasing reactions from fellow travellers, with many saying they will use it to book hotels in the future. Muttley63 said: "These rooms are great for a getaway, I use for visiting cities or amusement parks." Martinlufc5637 was thinking similarly: "Stayed here a few times, always very good, I will have a good look, off to Scarborough in March so I’ll check if any offers for there." MISSMESSY added: "We have done overnight stays like this in the past and the children have loved it, so well worth the money." To browse the latest Premier Inn deals, visit the site here. 