There are significant advantages to having a glass door on your oven. A solid glass oven door looks sleek and modern and offers a view of what's cooking in the oven without opening the door and allowing heat to escape. However, the disadvantage comes when that glass gets dirty with food splatters, baked-on grease, or finger smudges. To clean this area of your oven a fan of Mrs Hinch has shared how the task can be tackled with a 95p item. Posting a picture of the before and after pictures of cleaning her oven glass, Kelly Jayne Gill said: “Yeah, my oven door was filthy. Didn't realise I could take the glass out anyway look at this. Elbow Grease and warm water. Bloody brilliant stuff. “I sprayed a good amount on the door then left it for five minutes. Literally just used a normal sponge scouring pad and rubbed (not even that hard) and the stains came straight off. “My door had two small screws which allowed the glass to come out but some just slide out and others have clips so you can remove it. Hope that helps.” The cleaning spray Kelly used was Elbow Grease’s All Purpose Degreaser. The cleaning product claims to be formulated to remove grease and oil in all situations. READ MORE: I banished horrid smells from my washing machine using 50p item The brand behind the cleaning spray said: “The ultimate power degreasing properties of this cleaner make it the only cleaner you will ever need, the uses are endless. Elbow Grease cleans pots, pans, kitchen tops, ovens, microwaves, showers, sinks, BBQs and much, much more.” The cleaning spray can be purchased from B&M for 95p, but also at Asda and The Range for £1. Other fans of Mrs Hinch took to the comments to state how much they loved using this product to clean their oven doors. Diane Leary said: “Kelly just did mine with Elbow Grease, absolutely great product.” DON'T MISS5 ‘vital’ bedroom mistakes to ‘avoid’ - makes the room ‘unbreathable’ [EXPERT]Jayne Torvill’s quiet life in beautiful East Sussex market town [INSIGHT]‘Worst culprit’ for heat loss in your home - use ‘effective solution’ [COMMENT] Karen Anderson commented: “Elbow Grease spray is excellent. I soak the glass in it overnight. In the morning clean off the oven will sparkle.” Other cleaning enthusiasts recommended using a dishwasher tablet to remove the glass stains. Samantha Baker wrote: “I used a dishwasher tablet to clean my oven today. Best results.” Stevie Marie suggested: “Dishwasher tablet, just damp and rub over. It comes up a dream.” READ MORE: Plumber’s £1 method to remove toilet limescale - will look ‘like new’ Naomi Findon added: “I use a dishwasher tablet, dip in warm water and rub! It takes a bit of elbow grease but works a treat.” According to Taste of Home, "many have had success" using the dishwasher hack to clean their oven. However, it is important to use pressed powder tablets and not gel pods. The experts explained: "Dishwasher tablets are made of concentrated dishwasher detergent and promise to cut through tough grease and leave your dishes sparkling. "It makes sense that those powerful cleaning agents work on oven grease and food stains as well. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea "Especially since the tablets promise to remove baked-on food; and stains in the oven are definitely baked-on. "Plus, the hard powder tablets have an abrasive surface that helps to scour away on those stuck-on stains but is gentle enough not to scratch the oven glass." To use this method, begin by dipping your dishwasher tablet into a bowl of warm water making sure to hold it long enough to soak up a bit of the water, but ensure the pod tablet does not begin to crumble. Then use the tablet like a sponge to scrub. The best method is by laying the tablet flat in the palm of your hand and then moving in circular motions to scrub away the stains. When you have finished, wipe away any remaining residue with a clean, damp cloth.