Rafael Nadal’s uncle and former coach Toni has piled the praise on his nephew’s long-time rival Novak Djokovic following the Serb’s run to a historic 10th Australian Open title. Djokovic was able to match Nadal’s record of 22 overall Major titles and returned to No 1 in the world with his win, and Toni has claimed that the 35-year-old is the tour’s “most complete player” in a major snub to Nadal. Djokovic made history at the Australian Open on Sunday, becoming the first player to capture 10 titles in Melbourne Park and tying Nadal for the record of most men’s singles Grand Slam trophies. The world No 1 had been in doubt early in the tournament as he struggled with a hamstring injury but looked his usual dominant self by the second week, dropping just one set all tournament in the second round. Following his monumental achievement, Nadal’s uncle Toni has lauded the 35-year-old and reminded fans not to forget just how impressive Djokovic’s record is in Australia just because it has become the norm to see him winning in Melbourne. “As all the experts had been predicting, especially in the last week of the tournament, yesterday Novak Djokovic was proclaimed champion at the Australian Open, climbed back to the top of the ranking and equaled Rafael in number of Grand Slams,” the Spanish tennis coach wrote in his El Pais column. “As much as we are already used to it, what the Serbian player has achieved is as amazing as it is admirable. That 15 years after that 2008 in which he lifted his first major in Melbourne, he has done it again for the 10th time there (for the 22nd in the total calculation) and with such an impressive tennis level should equally astonish the people of the world of tennis itself. tennis as a simple fan.” JUST IN: Zverev to face no action from ATP as abuse investigation concludes   And the coach of Felix Auger-Aliassime went a step further in his praise, as he assessed Djokovic’s run and claimed he was the “most complete” player on the tour in a snub to the game of his own nephew. Toni continued: “In this edition he has been practically intractable, holding an impeccable tournament from start to finish. “His game is undoubtedly the most complete on the circuit, which allows him to play both attacking and defending. He is decisive and a fighter to the point of exhaustion, and responds with astonishing serenity in moments of maximum tension. He also has the ambition and the consequent desire to continue improving. Proof of this is his service, highly perfected in recent times.” After his bold claim over Djokovic’s playing style, the 61-year-old explained how the Serb’s opponents should go about trying to face him when he is in virtually unbeatable form, referencing the 2013 US Open final in which he coached Nadal to beat the current world No 1.  “To beat him, we thought we shouldn't open many angles or quickly change directions and play, on the contrary, more through the centre,” he explained. DON'T MISSZverev receives reality check in injury comeback as stars weigh inBecker's strong Djokovic and Nadal retirement view with one conditionNovak Djokovic coach ridicules Aus Open rival he was 'most afraid of' “Increasing the opening of the track, the length of the movements and the speed in the exchanges, could only provoke in him an even more aggressive, relentless and, surely, definitive response. That was how we decided to play him slower, in the centre of the court and with conviction. Luckily for us, Rafael came out the winner, but I remember that final as one of the especially difficult ones my nephew has played.” And he admitted that Tsitsipas came into Sunday’s final with the “wrong” strategy against Djokovic before adjusting his technique in the second set, which allowed him to force two tiebreaks. “In the first set, the player from Athens wanted to play Novak, precisely, one on one, with fast and aggressive shots, constantly changing the directions of his shots. So it still seems almost impossible to beat the Balkan unless you're Roger Federer,” he said.  “Beating him by speed is an almost suicidal tactic, as we saw in that fast first set in which the Greek player seemed as bewildered as he was incapable of disturbing his opponent. From the second on, Stefanos calmed down his game and then he did force Nole to play longer points, hitting much more through the centre of the court and thus preventing him from angling his shots.  “It was then that we saw a more even match, in which both tennis players managed to keep their serve with relative calm. So much so that the second and third sets were decided in separate tie-breaks and when this happens, it is already known that the winner of the sets will be the one who manages to temper his nerves the best at the decisive points. And this was precisely where Djokovic once again demonstrated his mastery of his emotions, his enormous courage and, most notably, that he is a great champion.” 