Ralf Little will be back on Friday as series 12 of Death in Paradise makes its return to screens. Detective Neville Parker will be on hand to solve a string of mysterious murders along with his team, Naomi Thomas (played by Shantol Jackson) and Marlon Pryce (Tahj Miles). At the end of series 11, Florence Cassell ( Josephine Jobert) turned down Neville's romantic proposal before leaving Saint Marie. But, could love be on the horizon for the detective? During the Christmas special, fans were introduced to newcomer, Sophie (Chelsea Edge), who Neville met after almost running her down in the police jeep. During their brief exchange, Neville picked up Sophie's suitcase instead of his mum's. After realising the mix-up, they met again, and sparks began to fly between the pair. As the episode came to an end, Neville and Sophie ended up spending Christmas Day together as they bonded over a turkey dinner. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly shut down by rail boss over strike 'celebrity' probe' However, could Neville have met his match with Sophie as the series returns on Friday? Discussing her character, Chelsea began: "Sophie is very sweet. "I don’t think she knows exactly what she is looking for before she meets Neville. "She is seeking some form of adventure, as she gets bored of the monotonous day-to-day life. "She is curious about what else is out there, wanting to explore the world and discover more about herself. "Sophie hasn’t done much travelling growing up, so I think she is keen to see what is out there to discover." Discussing her relationship with the detective, the Sophie star continued: "She is a bit of a fish out of water, similar to Neville, which reminds her of home. "I think that’s partly what attracted her to Neville. Obviously, he is kind, intelligent and reminds her of home in this completely different world. DON'T MISS...BBC News to 'axe 14 presenters' in new year schedule shake-up [INSIGHT]Prince Harry hopes family will ‘sit down and talk’ [VIDEO]GB News uproar over claims Meghan and Harry ‘milking Diana’s legacy’ [REACTION] "He provides the familiarity and comfort for her." Fans were also thrilled to see Neville and Sophie's budding romance, and many have taken to social media to share their thoughts on the upcoming storyline. Steph Hulme wrote: "Neville and Sophie? Ship them, I hope she returns #DeathInParadise." Vicky tweeted: "Loved the Christmas special of Death in Paradise last night great mystery storyline and great acting from the cast, and I think Neville and Sophie make such a cute couple and very similar in lots of ways ." (sic) However, some fans fear this could be the end of Neville Parker, with many predicting he and Sophie could leave the island. Annie theorised: "Is Neville's time in Saint Marie almost up? The introduction of a love interest makes it feel like he'll be leaving soon." "I'm worried if Neville gets a love interest he will be leaving," Debbie Blackman went on to say. Death in Paradise returns on Friday at 9pm on BBC One.