Chelsea are edging closer to a blockbuster move for Benfica midfielder Enzo Fernandez in the January transfer window. The Blues' interest is advancing as the prospect of a record-smashing winter switch looms ever-larger, marking Todd Boehly's serious intentions as club owner. Fernandez was the topic of Premier League interest last summer before Manchester United passed on the opportunity to sign him from River Plate for £14million. He joined Benfica and has shot to stardom in the short period since as a key player in the Portuguese giants' successful Champions League group-stage campaign. The 21-year-old's stock rose further as he was named FIFA's Young Player of the Tournament at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar, lifting the illustrious gold with Argentina. And he is now closing in on a transfer to England for almost 10 times his price just months ago, with Chelsea stealing a march on his other suitors. According to Fabrizio Romano, the deal to see Fernandez arrive at Stamford Bridge for a Premier League-record £105m is close. JUST IN: Dortmund 'summon' Liverpool target Jude Bellingham for showdown talks  On this morning's edition of Fabrizio Romano's Daily Briefing, the transfer guru revealed that while it is by no means a done deal, talks are 'really advanced', with Fernandez keen to join this month. He said: "At the moment, there are negotiations ongoing for Enzo Fernandez. Chelsea will push this week to get it done, it's really advanced, but it's not completed yet. "It will depend on Benfica, on president Rui Costa, who always said he wanted €120m (£105m) clause or nothing. "It's always open to other clubs until it's done, but Liverpool will not pay the clause and never made an official bid despite fake news around. READ MORE: Newcastle may have pulled off James Maddison swap masterstroke  "Chelsea would ideally like a different structure to the clause, but the player really wants to join. It will be up to Benfica, though, so we'll see what happens in the next few days." Boehly has vowed to financially back Graham Potter in his first transfer window since succeeding Thomas Tuchel at the helm in west London. Chelsea have signed Molde striker David Fofana and are also closing in on a £33m deal to sign AS Monaco centre-back Benoit Badiashile. With Christopher Nkunku also in place to join next summer, Fernandez's arrival would add an extra bit of spice to an exciting start to Potter's regime. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here