Arsenal can sign a cheaper alternative to Moises Caicedo after having a £60million bid rejected for the Brighton star. Martin Zubimendi is of interest to the Gunners and would not cost more than £53m. Mikel Arteta wants to add a midfielder to his ranks before Tuesday's transfer deadline. A knee injury suffered by Mohamed Elneny has further restricted the options available in the middle of the park. West Ham's Declan Rice is reported to be Arsenal's top target for the summer, while Everton's Amadou Onana has also been linked. But Caicedo also appears to be high on the list of priorities for Arteta. A £60m offer was made to Brighton on Friday, a bid which was swiftly rejected. The Seagulls do not want to sell and Arsenal would have to return with a substantially larger amount to even tempt them into a sale. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  But if the Premier League leaders are not prepared to go that far for Caicedo, they will have to look at alternatives. And Zubimendi could be a player they go for. The 23-year-old has a release clause of around £53m in his contract at Real Sociedad, so would cost less than Caicedo in terms of a transfer fee. He has more experience at the top level than Caicedo and is a Spain international. A stumbling block Arsenal may have to overcome is whether the player wants to leave Sociedad right now. Spanish outlet Cadena Ser claimed earlier this month that Zubimendi wants to stay where he is until the end of the season, despite Arsenal being prepared to pay his buyout clause. DON'T MISSTransfer news LIVE: Arsenal £60m Caicedo bid, Chelsea deals die, Gordon swapCaicedo 'responds to Arsenal bid' with private Brighton messageArsenal chief Edu has 'considerable funds to spend' with next signing decided  Arteta and sporting director Edu may have to convince Zubimendi of the importance of him signing this month. Arsenal need a midfielder now and if they have to pursue another target instead, a future move to the Emirates may be off the cards for Zubimendi. He has spent the entirety of his professional career to date at Sociedad after coming through the academy in San Sebastian. His one and only cap for Spain so far came in a friendly against Lithuania in 2021. Zubimendi only signed a new contract with Sociedad last October to keep him at the club until the summer of 2027. He has started 16 of 18 La Liga matches so far this season, with Sociedad sitting third in the Spanish top flight.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here