Chelsea manager Graham Potter has shown his first signs of cracking in the Stamford Bridge dugout by admitting it is the ‘hardest job in football’. The former Brighton boss hasn’t kicked off his tenure with the Blues in the right way and is now facing an uphill battle in getting supporters back onside, despite confidence from the hierarchy at the club. Todd Boehly has been clear since his arrival that Chelsea are set to undergo a significant project, with the club being reshaped from top to bottom. Key figures such as Thomas Tuchel and Marina Granovskai have gone, with the new owner wanting fresh faces in all departments. Following his eye-catching progress at Brighton, Potter was selected as the best candidate to spearhead major changes on the pitch and in the changing room. However, just 18 matches into his time at the club, a loss of support has prompted the usually-composed boss to show signs of struggle. Speaking to the press earlier this week, he explained: “Change is a challenge in any organisation. This club was run a certain way for 20 years and run really well. Unfortunately, they’re not here anymore and you’ve lost all that leadership. It is an incredible amount that’s happened in the last six to 12 months. “Sometimes that can manifest itself in different things and in different ways. At the same time, you’ve still got Chelsea with the demands and expectations - but the reality is maybe we’re not there yet. “That’s part of the challenge to come and I understood that things would be difficult from a leadership perspective. It is a challenge, stimulating and ridiculously hard - it is probably the hardest job in football.” The difference in expectations between Brighton and Chelsea are mammoth, especially from supporters - who were heard singing the name of ex-manager Thomas Tuchel earlier this week. On the south coast, Potter was given plenty of time and opportunities to implement his ideas onto the squad and from the get-go, there were signs that players were invested in his tactics and the potential that they had. In contrast, there are hardly any glimmers of hope at this stage at Stamford Bridge. Perhaps there are too many big personalities for the ex-Swansea boss, who are not content to put their career progress on halt in order to rebuild, or the players are too limited for his free-flowing style. Time will tell for Potter and it remains to be seen whether he is willing to continue damaging his once-golden reputation at the club if his Chelsea team are not able to recover from their rut.