Arsenal are interested in Napoli star Khvicha Kvaratskhelia and four others in the wake of missing out on Mykhaylo Mudryk, according to reports. The Gunners are determined to spend this winter to boost their chances of winning the Premier League title. Mikel Arteta’s side are eight points clear of Manchester City at the summit following a comfortable 2-0 victory over fierce rivals Tottenham on Sunday night. Arsenal had been expecting to sign Mudryk this summer, with the Ukraine international dropping numerous hints that he wanted to move to the Emirates Stadium. However, with the Gunners refusing to meet Shakhtar Donetsk’s asking price, the 22-year-old has since decided to join Chelsea instead. While there’s irritation behind the scenes at Arsenal over the manner of how their deal was hijacked, Arteta’s side are now moving on to other targets instead. And 90min claim Kvaratskhelia is one of the players on their radar, with the forward enjoying a fine season with Napoli over in Italy. The Georgia international only moved to the Serie A giants back in the summer from Rubin Kazan. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Yet he’s been in stunning form in the time since, managing 14 goal involvements from 15 league outings and propelling his side to the top of the table in the process. He’s also scored twice in the Champions League and the 21-year-old, who was relatively unknown just months ago, is on track to become a household name. Napoli would, however, want in the region of £100million to let their prized asset go. And Kvaratskhelia isn’t the only player Arsenal are keeping tabs on as they look to give Arteta the best possible chance of winning the league title. Barcelona duo Raphinha and Ferran Torres are both in their sights, with both players previously strutting their stuff in England with Leeds and Manchester City respectively. Raphinha was on Arsenal’s radar in the summer yet, despite their interest, opted to move to Catalonia instead. He’s endured a slow start to life in his new surroundings, with just three goals from his first 22 appearances, but has suggested he’d prefer to stay put. Torres is another player Arsenal have enquired about, too, with the Spain international starting just twice so far this term. A fourth player Arsenal are considering is Brighton’s Leandro Trossard, who has demanded an exit from the club this month. And he’s reportedly viewed as a ‘more-attainable target’ than Kaoru Mitoma, with the Japan international also under consideration. Meanwhile, speaking after his side’s win over Tottenham, Arteta was asked about Arsenal’s failure to sign Mudryk. "I am happy with the players we have," Arteta told Sky Sports after a Hugo Lloris own goal and Martin Odegaard strike gave his side victory. "We always try to improve the squad. We have to be consistent with the targets we want. “The club is the first one that is trying, but I think as well we have to have some discipline. "We can get those players [that we already have] better so let's focus on that. We had injuries which are not helpful but we go [again] tomorrow, we go day by day. “The window is open and we try to improve the team. The club is willing, they have my support and we'll try and do it together." Mudryk is excited to get going at Chelsea and was paraded during their 1-0 victory over Crystal Palace on Sunday. "I’m so happy to sign for Chelsea,” he told their official website. "This is a huge club, in a fantastic league and it is a very attractive project for me at this stage of my career. “I’m excited to meet my new team-mates and I’m looking forward to working and learning under Graham Potter and his staff."