The world’s largest waterlily has finally been recognised as such after “going under the radar” for almost 200 years. Scientists working at Kew have discovered that a plant which had been at the botanical gardens in London since 1845 is in fact a never before known species.    They had thought that the plant was the species Victoria amazonica but after careful analysis they revealed that it is a completely new species, now known as Victoria boliviana.   An academic paper published in July last year proved the plant was morphologically and genetically different to all other water lilies known to science.   The discovery was made by Kew scientist Carlos Magdalena and he said the plant is “one of the botanical wonders of the world”.   The findings take the total of Victoria giant water lily species to three.  Kew researchers found boliviana is the biggest of the trio and is more closely related to the cruziana species than the amazonica lily it was long mistaken for.   Yesterday, Juan Carlos Crespo Montalvo, the Bolivian Charge d’Affaires, was presented with an official title for the world’s largest giant waterlily species.   Mr Montalvo said: “The recent scientific discovery of the new species of giant waterlily in Bolivian territory and baptised as Bolivian Victoria is a finding of great joy and hope for all peoples.   “Nature continues to surprise us with new discoveries. We agree with Director Deverell that we must work together to strengthen cooperative ties to face the great challenges of our time, such as climate change and the biodiversity crisis.”   READ MORE: British fishermen 'sold down river' as EU plundering UK waters   The plant was given three official records, the largest species of waterlily, the largest waterlily leaf, and the largest undivided leaf.   It blooms overnight and can support a person’s weight.   Daily Telegraph reports that there are subtle differences between the species and it is thought this may be why the new species was not recognised as such for so long.   Boliviana has white petals when it buds, compared to the maroon shade of Victoria amazonica.   And the underside of its leaves are also smoother, while its seeds are spherical in shape, not ellipsoid.   DON'T MISSMissing walker's haunting words about 'spooky' path before vanishing  [REPORT]China will 'definitely retaliate' over McCarthy visit to Taiwan [ANALYSIS]Kate cuddles child and sweetly calms man's nerves by reassuring him [PICTURED]   Guinness World Records managing editor Adam Millward, said: “Giants of nature never fail to capture our audience’s imagination – and who would have thought that a plant as big as Victoria boliviana could have gone under the radar for so long?   “Thanks to the research efforts of the horticulturalists and scientists at Kew in collaboration with Bolivian partners shining a light on this botanical mystery we can finally give this wondrous waterlily the much-deserved recognition.”   The botanical garden in West London is now the only place in the world where all three species of the waterlily can be seen together.   The water lily plants start with the name Victoria, because of Queen Victoria.   She saved the garden from closure by supporting a campaign to bestow it to the nation in the 1830s.      