Whoopi Goldberg returned to The View in 2023 alongside the likes of Joy Behar and the rest of the regular panel. 2022 was a year filled with controversy for Whoopi after she claimed the Holocaust “wasn’t about race” which led to her suspension from the show and public apology before she could return to the panel. As she continues to rebuild her image in the spotlight, it’s now been reported the crew at the ABC daytime favourite appear to be lending a helping hand. Earlier this week on January 4, Whoopi joined Sara Haines, Joy, Sunny Hostin, Alyssa Farah Griffin and Ana Navarro for a recording. Whoopi took the spot of moderator on the show, meaning she was in charge of teeing up links and starting debates and conversations. But Whoopi’s prominence on the show didn’t stop there as an insider said the crowd were also encouraged to cheer her the loudest. They said: “The crowd warm-up comedian [Regina DeCicco] specifically told everyone to give a loud applause to Whoopi and then continue clapping for the other hosts. READ MORE: Denise Welsh erupts over claims Harry trashing royals 'for money' “It seemed like the crew wanted Whoopi to get a standing ovation to make her feel like she's the star of the show,” they added to The US Sun. They continued: “When they went to commercial break, she got touch-ups just as much as the other co-hosts. "The only difference is that the camera is on her first after returning from commercials since she's the moderator. “She also carried herself as if she had authority to talk over the other co-hosts and interrupt them." Express.co.uk has contacted ABC for comment regarding the reports. During the episode in question, the panel discussed a wide range of topics. These ranged from cancelling risqué bachelor parties to a debate about airline travel scams. Whoopi and the panel also interviewed Black Panther: Wakanda Forever star Winston Duke. DON'T MISS:Yellowstone's Kevin Costner drops huge Jamie Dutton death hint NCIS LA’s Fatima Namazi star pays tribute to colleague following deathWednesday season 2 release: Jenna Ortega series to stay on Netflix Throughout the show, the audience seemed particularly geed up, regularly cheering, laughing and applauding whenever Whoopi spoke. Whoopi’s stint on The View was marred with controversy back in February 2022 when she was suspended for two weeks because of what network ABC called “wrong and hurtful comments” about Jewish people and the Holocaust. She apologised shortly after but last month, she told The Times of London: “My best friend said, 'Not for nothing is there no box on the census for the Jewish race. So that leads me to believe that we're probably not a race’.” Again, Whoopi attempted to clarify her comments, saying they were an attempt to “convey to the reporter what I had said and why, and attempted to recount that time”. She added: “It was never my intention to appear as if I was doubling down on hurtful comments. “I’m still learning a lot and believe me, I heard everything everyone said to me,” she said. Whoopi’s spot on The View panel hasn’t been affected by her latest controversy as she remains part of the panel. The View airs weekdays on ABC in the USA.