Washing up liquid helps to get dishes clean and removes any bacteria left behind by food, and is an important product in many people’s daily routine. With so many on the market, varying in prices, I decided to put five against each other to see if there was any major difference in all of them, and there was. The products I used included Asda’s own brand, Surf, Fairy Max, Elbow Grease’s washing up spray and Ecover’s sensitive washing up liquid. I purchased this washing up liquid in the pomegranate and fig scent from Ocado, where it retails for £2. The description reads: “Our washing up liquid unleashes the power of biodegradable plant-based ingredients, to leave your dishes squeaky clean. “That’s Smart Green Science. Tough on grease, plant and mineral based ingredients, safe for sensitive skin and new bottles now made with 100 percent recycled plastic.” This product is also not tested on animals and is recognised as a cruelty-free brand. I loved this product and although it didn’t lather up as much as I had hoped, the subtle scent was gorgeous and worked really well on my dishes. It also didn’t leave my hands feeling dry or irritated, which a lot of stronger products can and I also loved how it was made with plant and mineral based ingredients. I love Ecover as a brand but found it to be quite expensive compared to the other products I tried. Although the bottle retails for £2, it is a much smaller bottle, 450ml, compared to Fairy’s 660ml for 50p more. In Tesco, the product is retailing for £2.95 in a 950ml bottle in the scent lemon and aloe. Britons with a Clubcard can purchase it for £2.50, valid until January 17. READ MORE: Warning over dusting method which could be a fire hazard This product has been the staple washing up liquid in my household for years, and I recently invested in Fairy’s new no flip cap design, which puts the liquid upside down, making it easy to squirt out. Fairy said: “Easy and effortless cleaning, even on your greasiest pots and pans. Upside down bottle with no flip cap for Fairy’s fastest cleaning experience. Quickly penetrates and weakens tough grease. No more overnight soaking and hard scrubbing. “Irresistible scent to leave your kitchen infused with an invigorating freshness. Easy rinsing for faster results, leaving you with brilliantly clean dishes.” I had originally purchased the tea tree scent and hated it, so once it had finished, I refilled the bottle with Fairy’s original scent which is still fresh. This product is great and cuts through grease on nearly everything, removing it quickly too. Similar to the others, it holds its bubbles but I do find the bottle quite hard to squeeze, and prefer a standard bottle. It also claims to have “anti-leak technology”, but I do find it leaking in my skin organiser regularly, wasting product and meaning I need to clean the organiser too. This product is often on offer but at the time of writing, retails for £2.50 on Asda’s website for a 660ml bottle. Sainsbury’s is also selling the same size bottle for £3.50. DON'T MISS:Free method to ‘instantly’ kill unsightly driveway and patio weeds [COMMENT]‘Avoid’ tap water with ‘sensitive’ peace lilies - what to use instead [INSIGHT]‘Game-changing’ five minute method to clean dirty toilet brush [EXPLAINER] When searching on the shelf for different brands, I came across Surf’s washing up liquids which I didn’t even know they sold. It was bright pink in colour with a lovely floral pattern on the front of it. It is priced in Asda for £1, for 500ml, the same as Asda’s own brand and I much preferred the scent of this product compared to the own branded item. This washing up liquid was also much thicker in consistency and felt like it was really removing the grease and grime when washing dishes. Reviews on the product also say the product “cuts through grease and leaves dishes sparkling and fresh”, as well as “holds its bubbles for longer than other brands”. Overall, a lovely product to use which left the kitchen and dishes smelling amazing, and I would definitely use this product again. READ MORE: Improve radiator ‘efficiency’ and prevent ‘blockages’ with one job Available in retailers like B&M and The Range, Elbow Grease’s washing up spray retails for £1.49 for 500ml and comes in a gorgeous lemon scent. Elbow Grease said: “With the average person spending 25 minutes a day or six days a year scrubbing away at the kitchen sink, this latest product from Elbow Grease will not only free up hours of our lives but will also help us use less water during this daily chore whilst we get our pots and pans back to being tip-top and shiny. “The innovative design means that the Washing Up Spray needs minimal amounts of water to activate the grease-combating foam from the bottle. Spray, Wipe, Rinse - it’s that simple - the washing up is done." I was quite apprehensive about using this spray to begin with, because I couldn’t work out how it could be different from regular washing up liquid. However, after using and realising it foamed up instantly on the pan, I realised how much easier this was to use. This is because it instantly foams, and I didn’t even have to scrub my pots and pans to use it. I have had this product in my cupboard for quite a few months now and tend to only reach for it when my pots and pans are really dirty and need an extra clean. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea I was drawn to the colour of this washing up liquid, but Asda does have an original scent in the same range too. Costing just 55p for 500ml, I was intrigued to see how this would work. Although drawn to the colour, the scent was really off-putting so I would opt for an original one if I were to use this washing up liquid again. When using this product, I found it to foam up really well, and you only needed to use a small amount of product when washing dishes. It claims to be “tough on grease”, but found myself scrubbing quite hard to remove certain spots of grime. It was also fairly thin compared to the other brands of washing up liquid I tried. Overall, it was a decent product and I would use it again due to how cheap it was. Overall, my favourite product to use was the Ecover washing up liquid and my least favourite was Asda’s own brand of washing up liquid but I think it was the scent which ruined the cleaning experience for me.