Following the announcement of Eugenie's exciting baby news, it has been revealed that Prince Edward will now fall down a place in the line of succession, all because of the upcoming new royal birth. Following the death of the late Queen, aged 96 in September 2022, the line of succession moved around as King Charles ascended the throne. Edward's niece, Eugenie is currently 11th in line to the throne, closely followed by her son August, who is a few weeks shy of his second birthday. In 13th place is the late Queen's youngest son, Edward, however, following Eugenie's news, Edward will be pushed down to 14th place. Princess Eugenie is the youngest of Prince Andrew's two daughters. READ MORE: Emotional Zara Tindall sheds a tear as she opens up in candid chat with husband Mike With Andrew currently in eighth place, Eugenie's elder sister, Princess Beatrice is ninth in line. Beatrice's one-year-old daughter, Sienna is in tenth place. The younger daughter of Andrew and Sarah Ferguson shared her happy news on social media on Tuesday. The 32-year-old shared an adorable picture of her and her first-born, who she shares with her husband Jack Brooksbank, on Instagram. The sweet caption read: "We're so excited to share that there will a new addition to our family this summer." READ MORE: Lawyer says it would be ‘extraordinary’ if Prince Andrew overturned Giuffre settlement The official due date has not been announced, although the royal announced it the little one's arrival to be during summer. It has not currently been announced whether the couple's second child will be a boy or a girl. Eugenie and Jack began dating in 2011, confirming their relationship with an appearance at Royal Ascot that same year. DON'T MISS The pair got married in Windsor in October 2018, just five months after Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's big day. Eugenie and Jack's second child will be the 13th great-grandchild of the late Queen and Prince Philip. The new addition will be the first royal born since the death of Queen Elizabeth II in September 2022.