Arsenal are currently charging their way towards the Premier League title. And with Edu eager for Mikel Arteta to go all the way, the Gunners are pushing ahead with plans to sign both Mykhaylo Mudryk and Joao Felix before the transfer window slams shut. Express Sport will now take a look at how the north Londoners would line up if their efforts to sign the Shakhtar Donetsk and Atletico Madrid players proves to be successful. Ever since Arsenal saw Jens Lehmann depart, they’ve struggled when it comes to their goalkeeping options. Manuel Almunia, Wojciech Szczesny, Petr Cech, Bernd Leno and Emiliano Martinez all had their moments under the likes of Arsene Wenger, Unai Emery and Arteta. But none of the quartet was able to live up to expectations at the Emirates Stadium, despite the talent they possessed. Arsenal appear to have struck gold with Aaron Ramsdale, however, despite the uproar over his arrival back in the summer transfer window of 2021. The England international has been key behind their title push so far and is an undroppable figure in the capital these days, with Matt Turner his deputy. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Arsenal were also criticised when they signed Ben White in the same year as Ramsdale, paying £50million to Brighton for the defender. But the former Brighton star has proven to be worth the punt and is currently ahead of Takehiro Tomiyasu in Arteta’s pecking order. Arsenal fans had to be patient when it came to William Saliba being given a chance, with the France international spending loan spells at St-Etienne and Marseille in recent years. Yet he’s formed a strong partnership with Gabriel at the heart of Arteta’s defence since returning back in the summer. Oleksandr Zinchenko has been hampered since his move from Manchester City in the summer, but the Ukraine international is a superior pick to Kieran Tierney when fit and available. Granit Xhaka appeared to be on his way out of Arsenal when he swore at fans in an infamous match against Crystal Palace in October 2019. However, the Switzerland international has grown since that moment and is now undroppable in the middle of the park. Thomas Partey has previously had his injury issues during his time in the capital, much to the frustration of Arsenal behind the scenes. But the Ghana international has been able to stay fully fit and is producing his best form since his arrival in 2020. Martin Odegaard is fulfilling his vast potential these days as well, with the Arsenal star being one of the players of the season so far. Arsenal are reluctant to engage Chelsea in a bidding war for Mudryk, with the Blues also eyeing the Shakhtar star. But they’re the team the Ukraine international wants to join the most and that bodes well when it comes to their aggressive pursuit. Should he join, it’s possible he’ll take Gabriel Martinelli’s spot on the left of the Arsenal attack. The Gunners would then deploy Bukayo Saka on the right, with the England international enjoying the best season of his career to date. And Felix, providing he can be acquired from Atletico, would then play down the middle in the place of the injured Gabriel Jesus. Former Shakhtar star Oleksandr Sopko thinks everyone must be patient when it comes to the Mudryk saga. “In any transfer, the interests of three parties, the club, the player and the coach, must be taken into account, and if they coincide, then such a transfer is the best option,” Sopko said. “Shakhtar have considerable experience in this matter, know how to sell players and know it’s turning point, the moment when you can agree on a certain amount. I think that Mudryk needs to trust the club and not make any statements.” He added: “Football players like Mudryk are an exclusive product. He is very expensive. First of all, because such a player usually significantly affects the game, is able to do something extraordinary, create a miracle. “Therefore, the club that wants to buy Mykhaylo must understand that the sum will have to be paid a substantial amount.”