Last week, Emmerdale fans saw tensions rise after Will Taylor (Dean Andrews) accused Home Farm gamekeeper Sam Dingle (James Hooton) of pinching his watch. In scenes set to air next week in the ITV soap, the situation is set to escalate as Caleb Milligan (Will Ash) is caused to intervene.  The case of the missing watch is still unresolved, as Will remains adamant that Sam is the culprit behind its disappearance. With the gamekeeper continuing to protest his innocence, the situation has been made worse as the two wives and friends Kim Tate (Claire King) and Lydia Dingle (Karen Blick) are caught in the middle. Defending Sam, Lydia and Kim ended up having a huge fall-out as the duo lost their jobs at Home Farm. However, in scenes set to air next week, the mystery of the watch is solved as it sparks further trouble.  READ MORE:Prince Andrew is 'using 'Harry's attacks' to 'clear his name' Things get heated when Will decides to confront Sam over the missing item with Caleb having to step in. Separating the two of them, Sam is left awestruck by Caleb coming to his defence against Will and his aggression. Later on, Will is stumped when Nicky (Lewis Cope) reveals that baby Thomas was the one playing with the timepiece, proving Sam’s innocence. Aware of the huge error, Kim is left frustrated at her new husband for being the reason she’s fallen out with her friend for nothing.  The next day, Kim heads to the Dingles’ ready to apologise for WIll’s mistake and offers them their jobs back at the farm. Lydia is still hurt by the strong accusations and makes it clear to Kim that she now only sees her as a boss, not a friend. However, Kim trying to reinstate peace has made things worse as Will is shocked she’s reinstated their jobs without speaking to him first. Although he feels unsupported by his wife, she doesn’t have time for his whining as she’s waiting for her new business partner, Caleb to arrive. DON'T MISS... GMB fans fume over 'stupid' Crufts dog ban debate [REACTION] The Traitors’ Amanda details part of BBC show which ‘hurt’ the most [INSIGHT] Coronation Street: Hope Stape’s revenge plan is put into action [SOAP] Arriving to sign off on Stud Farm, Will’s frustrated even further by Caleb and believes he’s not all he’s making out to be. With Will already in Kim’s bad books, she doesn’t want to hear his doubts but he’s keen to assert his position as Kim’s husband in front of Caleb. A theory by Express.co.uk suggests that Will’s attitude towards Caleb is causing Kim to get irritated by her husband’s behaviour. Could it result in Kim being pushed further away from Will as she grows fonder of the savvy businessman?  With Will’s betrayal before their wedding with his former beau Harriett Finch (Katherine Dow Blyton) its possible Kim wants an eye for an eye. Elsewhere in the soap, Paddy Dinge (Dominic Brunt) spirals following the revelation that his wife was secretly seeing Al Chapman (Michael Wildman) before he died. Although he’s been trying to distance himself from his family, this week Chas’ (Lucy Pargeter) agreed to let him see their daughter Eve. However, when she returned to find the tot running rings around her dad, Chas was left unimpressed as she let rip into him. With his mental state already in a dark place, viewers fear what’s in store for Paddy. Emmerdale airs weeknights from 7:30pm on ITV1. 