Manchester United icon Gary Neville called on the Arsenal board and owners to back boss Mikel Arteta and sign two players in the January transfer window, following their goalless draw with Newcastle on Tuesday. The Spaniard had limited attacking options off the bench and was unable to take all three points in the top-of-the-table clash, as Eddie Howe's side held on for a point at the Emirates Stadium. After the game, Neville issued a rallying call that Arsenal may not find themselves in this position again soon, and need to ensure that they go on and lift the title by signing two players and giving Arteta the best chance of ending the season on top. “Arsenal just ran out of ideas in this game," Neville told Sky Sports. "But I do think Mikel Arteta should have something more to call upon the bench when you are trying to change the flow of the game at the end. He will need to go into the transfer market, if Arsenal can. Arsenal are in the position where they can win the league here, so when are they going to be in that position again? “You don’t know when you are going to be in that position again, so can the Arsenal board find those two players that can come off the bench, they can maybe even improve the first XI, that would have bolstered Arsenal’s chances of winning that game and turning one into three points? "How many games have they got left, there's 21 games to go. They are going to have a lot more of those, where they are basically up against it, they might go 1-0 down and need two goals. That is going to happen as well, so they need something off the bench." Arsenal icon Paul Merson echoed Neville's sentiments, and suggested that two signings needed to be made this month. “Arsenal need at least two players," Merson added. "They ran out of ideas in the end. They’ve got a lad [Fabio Vieira] sat on the bench that cost £34million.” DON'T MISSGary Speed's widow Louise suffers more heartbreak as husband dies from cancerNewcastle may have pulled off masterstroke as Maddison swap opens upWhat Man Utd chiefs think about Ten Hag after Rashford punishment  Arsenal have been attempting to sign Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhailo Mudryk this month, in a deal that could reach as much as £85million, though their deal may be scuppered as rivals Chelsea are attempting to hijack the move. The Sun have claimed that Shakhtar chief Darijo Srna has travelled to London to meet with the Blues, who are looking to spend in January and tie up deals for Mudryk alongside Enzo Fernandez and Benoit Badiashile. After the Newcastle draw, Arteta admitted that players could join the club in what he described as an "important" window. "That’s something we always try to improve our team," Arteta said. "Every window is really important because we still have a lot of things to do with this team." 