Australian Open organisers are set to be granted their Novak Djokovic wish after the former World No.1 was greeted with a heroes welcome at the Adelaide International. There had been some fears that the Serbian might be shunned by some fans after his anti-vaccination status resulted in the 21-time Grand Slam champion being deported from Australia last year and banned from returning for three years. As Covid-19 restrictions have eased the Serbian saw his ban overturned and he has been welcomed back for this month's Grand Slam. Australian Open chief Craig Tiley requested that the public welcome Djokovic back to the country. He said: "We welcome him back to Australia. I think that he is going to be again the player to beat. I have a great deal of confidence in the Australian public. I have a lot of confidence that the fans will react how we hope they will react." Djokovic was given a heroes reception during his first competitive match back on Australian soil. The nine-time Australian Open winner was competing in the Adelaide International doubles event alongside friend Vasek Pospisil with the pair losing 4-6, 6-3, 10-5 to Tomislav Brkic and Gonzalo Escobar. READ MORE: Novak Djokovic feelings made clear by Adelaide crowd in first match before Australian Open   Despite suffering the defeat Djokovic was full of smiles seemingly delighted with the record crowd which were in attendance to watch the match. Ali Macdonald, Adelaide International organiser told 7 News: "Novak (Djokovic) is arguably the greatest player of all time so to have him back in Adelaide, maybe this is a once in a lifetime opportunity for some people." Similar crowds are expected again tomorrow when Djokovic begins his singles campaign with a match against world No.65 Constant Lestienne as the Serbian continues his Australian Open preparation. Djokovic was unsure what reaction he would receive after the drama of his deportation last year but the Australian Open has been a happy hunting ground for the 35-year-old. DON'T MISS:  "Over the years I've been really fortunate to start very strong in Australia and I love playing there," the world number five said in Dubai last week. "After obviously what happened earlier this year, hopefully I can have a decent reception there and hopefully that can help me play some good tennis." If Djokovic can win the Australian Open on his return he would match the record 22 Gram Slam titles held by Spanish rival Rafael Nadal. In the Serbian's absence Nadal won last year's Australian Open and will be hoping to defend his crown when the tournament begins on January 16. 