Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were "snubbed" and "not welcome" at a glitzy BAFTA Tea Party in Los Angeles because it would be a "PR disaster", sources have claimed. The British Academy Film Awards event was attended by a host of stars, including critically-acclaimed actors Brendan Fraser and Cate Blanchett, but executives in London had decided the Sussexes were not on the guest list for the bash on Saturday at the Four Seasons Hotel, according to The Sun. The Sun's source, who is reportedly a BAFTA consultant, told the newspaper: "BAFTA decided it was a terrible idea. They thought it would be a PR disaster." Officially a spokesman for BAFTA said the Sussexes' attendance "was not discussed whatsoever". He added: "The BAFTA Tea Party in LA is for those involved in this year’s film awards season, so film awards contenders and nominees." Prince William is the president of BAFTA and the source added that the US team were reminded this was the case and if the Sussexes went to the event it might cause some unwelcome headlines, given the Duke of Sussex's apparent attacks on the Royal Family in his memoir and in a spate of TV publicity interviews. They said: “So for them to roll out the red carpet to Harry and his wife would be like setting off a nuclear bomb. It’s a no-go." Hollywood stars including Michelle Yeoh, Bill Nighy and Janelle Monae all appeared at the showbiz event which was held in Beverly Hills. On Friday it was revealed the Duke of Sussex has said he had enough material for two books, but he held back because he does not think his father and brother would "ever forgive" him. Harry's controversial memoir became the fastest-selling non-fiction book ever when his tell-all tale lambasting the royal family was finally published this week. The headline-grabbing autobiography Spare, which hit the shelves on Tuesday, includes claims that the Prince of Wales physically attacked him, and that the King put his own interests above Harry's and was jealous of the Duchess of Sussex and the Princess of Wales. In an interview with Bryony Gordon of The Daily Telegraph, Harry said: "It could have been two books, put it that way." READ MORE: Poll shows Rishi Sunak faces uphill battle with voters Back in Britian the Prince and Princess of Wales stepped out together in public for the first time since the Duke of Sussex published his memoirs which laid bare his fraught relationship with the couple. William and Kate looked relaxed as they officially opened the new Royal Liverpool University Hospital in the home city of The Beatles last week. Harry's controversial autobiography, Spare, has become the fastest selling non-fiction book in history, according to publisher Penguin Random House. The book includes claims the Prince of Wales physically attacked Harry and teased him about his panic attacks, and that the King put his own interests above Harry's and was jealous of the Duchess of Sussex and the Princess of Wales. Reports of a fractious friendship between Meghan and Kate were confirmed in Spare, with Harry recounting how the princess, pregnant at the time with Prince Louis, said she was owed an apology from his wife who had previously commented Kate was suffering from "baby brain" due to her "hormones". DON'T MISS: King Charles to 'ignore Harry's treachery' as Palace fears it is 'losing control'