Conspiracy theorists may think the discovery of secret documents in Joe Biden’s garage was not a simple coincidence. It is true though that the Democrats are giving a strong impression of being ready to move on in 2024 and push an alternative candidate for President. But the question has always been: “If not sleepy Joe, then who?” Michelle Obama doesn't want to run; Vice President Kamala Harris has some of the worst ratings of any politician in the US; another Hillary Clinton comeback lacks appeal; and Transport Secretary Pete Buttigieg has his backers but not much of a national profile. The current favourite is Californian governor Gavin Newsom. However, it is another California resident who is courting attention along with her husband who is barely out of the headlines. It has been claimed byy two separate sources (but not confirmed by any party) that when Ms Harris vacated her Californian Senate seat to become Vice President then Governor Newsom was informally contacted by people representing Meghan Markle to see if he would support her running to fill the vacancy. Express.co.uk has been in touch with the Duchess’ representatives to ask about the veracity of the story but not received a reply of any sort. Even if it is untrue the story symbolises a growing feeling that Ms Markle could be the one for the Democrats possibly in 2024 or, more likely, in 2028. Rumours of her political ambitions are growing on the back of the four-book deal and Netflix series she and Prince Harry have signed up to.  The lurid revelations and claims, the open mocking of the late Queen Elizabeth II by Ms Markle with her mock curtsy show if she does intend to enter politics, she will be taking no prisoners. This time last year the mere idea of Meghan running for the White House was seen as fanciful or clickbait. But then Express.co.uk asked the Washington DC based Democracy Institute to use its monthly tracker poll to test support for the Duchess among Democrats. In the first poll she came second only to Michelle Obama, the clear favourite. Then in November ahead of the Midterm elections with Ms Obama declaring she would not run, Ms Markle topped the poll. As Patrick Basham, director of the Democracy Institute noted, Ms Markle is what a “computer-generated Democrat candidate” for the White House would look like. She is a woman, mixed race, rich, a celebrity, famous and a Hollywood star. She embraces all the woke causes with her husband and famously boycotted a Royal event with Donald Trump who in turn has attacked her. READ MORE: Jean-Pierre shut down as DeSantis hits back at White House swipe  And it is obvious now that the Democrats are beginning to think the same. Biden’s sister Valerie Biden Owens has literally invited Ms Markle to join the Democrats. The 76-year-old said “of course” Ms Markle would make a good candidate for the Presidency. You can envisage the campaign, lots of rallies, avoiding debates, lots of superficial meeting cheering members of the public as she jets around the US doing what she does best – promoting herself. Harry would no doubt be the dutiful silent man alongside supporting her all the way, lobbing the odd grenade at his family and the horrified British press. DON'T MISS Ready for Ron! DeSantis backers throw $3.3m behind Republican [REVEAL] Donald Trump 'the unifier' is the big winner of the Congress debacle [INSIGHT] Shocking US rebellion gives huge boost to Trump's Presidential hopes [REACT] With a gap in the generation of viable Democrat candidates and a shortage of viable establishment contenders Ms Markle might make a more palatable alternative to the leftwing AOC (New York congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez). It may be that trying to do a deal with Newsom was a mistake given that he clearly wants to run himself in 2024 or 2028 but the suggestion that she may have tried certainly fuels the speculation about the Duchess. Perhaps if the Republicans are set to win this time round it may be better to wait five years, but her cache and profile may never be as big as it is now in the eye of the storm over the Royal scandals. Whatever happens with her and her ambitions though it underlines that the 2024 Presidential race is going to be a fascinating watch.