Eamonn Holmes light heartedly hit out at his GB News Breakfast co-star Isabel Webster as they discussed ITV’s announcement of a Love Island for the older generation. The presenter questioned whether Isabel was suggesting “older” people can’t be “beautiful”.    Isabel began: “Single parents are getting their own version of Love Island called Romance Retreat. “Will it be as big a hit as young beautiful people getting it on in the sun? We’ll be asking is it a positive move…” Interrupting, Eamonn asked: “Woah, is that saying you can’t be older and beautiful?” “Not at all,” Isabel replied and Eamonn hit back: “But you just said that!” Read more: Harry 'insensitive to Eugenie' in memoir claims Lady Colin Campbell    Isabel explained she was simply “asking the question” to stimulate debate. Eamonn continued: “The debate is, ‘Is love and fancy-ability the preserve of the very young. I would say not. “As you get older you still get [desires]. I do think no matter what age you are and no matter what stage you are in life there’s always room for romance. “I do think the audience will be older. I don't think young people want to think of anyone over the age of 35 having sexy time.”    Teasing his co-star, Eamonn asked: “Do you go home on a Friday night and say to [husband] Liam, ‘It’s sexy time’? Is that like ‘Chico Time’? He used to do, ‘It’s Chico Time.’” Laughing, Isabel remarked: “I don’t say to my husband, ‘It’s sexy time.’” Isabel tried to move the conversation on but Eamonn continued to tease his co-star. “I just get complaint after complaint which says' Eamonn everyday you talk about real matters, real life and Isabel moves on to all sorts of boring stuff,'” he swiped. DON'T MISSPrince William must say 'monarchy is not a target for making money' [INTERVIEW]Jeremy Clarkson has ‘no place on ITV’ over Meghan Markle comments [INSIGHT]Prince Harry’s ‘contradictions’ in tell-all memoir laid bare by sen... [VIDEO]    “You get complaints every day?” Isabel questioned. “About you,” Eamonn confirmed as his co-host hit back: “Are they from you?” The GB News presenters then moved onto discussing the rest of the morning’s headlines. Elsewhere, Isabel was forced to apologise when a bystander swore live on air during an interview with travel expert Simon Calder.    As Simon detailed the move to increase the fine for travelling without a train ticket, a man could be heard shouting “w****r”. Eamonn burst out laughing as he joked: “Is that my brother?” Isabel stepped in to apologise before Simon added he wasn’t “sure what happened there”.    