Manchester United squad believe Erik ten Hag is the ‘real deal’ having been impressed by his methods at Old Trafford, according to reports. The Dutchman has worked wonders since taking over from Ralf Rangnick back in the summer. And his players have noticed some big differences between the 52-year-old and their old permanent boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Manchester United hired Ten Hag at the end of last season, having chosen the 52-year-old over Mauricio Pochettino. And despite a rocky start, he’s managed to improve the Red Devils - who haven’t lost a game since a 3-1 defeat to Aston Villa back in November. According to The Independent, United players have been impressed by Ten Hag and believe he’s the ‘real deal’. They believe that, unlike Solskjaer, he has a ‘defined vision of football and the capabilities to implement it’. They are reportedly talking about how they feel they’re now receiving the first modern coaching they’ve had in years, happily explaining this to friends from other clubs. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big And United personnel also think that he has a ‘real steel’ - in stark contrast to Solskjaer. Ten Hag has commanded respect from his players and they’ve responded positively, especially given the shambles of last season. He had no qualms about showing Cristiano Ronaldo the door following the veteran’s bombshell interview with Piers Morgan in November. Ten Hag has improved players who were previously struggling, with Aaron Wan-Bissaka once example. And there’s now genuine optimism within United that, regardless of their result against Arsenal on Sunday, better days lie ahead. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Publicly, Ten Hag can come across as serious. However, he’s also got a lighter side to his character and isn’t afraid to quip players who use private jets too often for his liking. Ten Hag has been watching the diets of his squad, while his own work ethic is described as ‘incredible’. He expects similar from his coaches, too. His decision to bring in Steve McClaren and Mitchell van der Gaag has paid off, with both well received. And he’s growing in stature with each passing week, with United now markedly different to how they were when he first took the role. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking about how he’s transformed his side ahead of today’s match with Arsenal, Ten Hag said: “All I want to bring in is a culture for high standards and values, and also accountability and transparency and honesty are the kind of values I want to set, I want to control. “That is the way we have to co-operate internally but also externally, so with the media and the fans. “The Premier League at this moment develops and you have six or seven teams who can all finally win the league, because there are so many investments. “And when you have the right philosophy, the right strategy, many more clubs can compete for positions, for the top positions in the league. “So that’s a great challenge and if you want to be there you have to be really good, you need that consistency, that good strategy and you need hard work to compete there. “And if you want to win trophies, everything has to go in the right way. “I’m quite confident of that process. “We are in the right direction, so it also means that we have to improve a lot if you want to compete in the future for the top positions, because the competition will be really tough.”