Arsenal legend Ian Wright believes that Tottenham have another top talent on their hands after Bryan Gil impressed against Crystal Palace on Wednesday night. The winger was compared to Dejan Kulusevski, who has been one of Spurs’ most influential stars since his arrival. Antonio Conte’s side bounced back to form at Selhurst Park with a 4-0 victory. Harry Kane scored a brace early in the second half before Matt Doherty and Son Heung-min put the game to bed in an empathetic display. It was a much-needed performance from the north London outfit, with Conte previously coming under fire for failing to get the most out of his ranks. And Wright feels that the Italian manager may have just unearthed one of his saving graces in the former of Gil. The Spanish winger made only his third league appearance of the season against the Eagles but staked his claim as to why he should be a more regular inclusion. Asked if ‘there was a bit of Kulusevski about him’, Wright said: “He was very good. “Watched him against Villa, but it didn’t work out for him. He looks a bit light, a bit diminutive. But what I like, is he is always willing to get on the ball, and always busy. “Lovely touches, not afraid to take people on, very good left foot. He did well coming back, defending. The creativity, too. Be interesting to see how many more games he will get. I think so [there’s a bit of Kulusevski about him].” Kulusevski has flourished in the Premier League since joining from Juventus on a loan-to-buy deal last year, which only highlighted the lack of progress that Gil was making – which led to suggestions that he would be offloaded this month. The 21-year-old has reportedly attracted plenty of interest from Europe due to his stint on the sidelines, as well as the good form of his teammates. Football.london reporter Alasdair Gold said: “I think if Spurs bring one in in an attacking position, I think it’s very likely that Bryan Gil will be able to go on loan. Obviously, that was on the cards in the summer.” Gil’s performance could certainly now have thrown Conte a curveball, who was adamant that the former Sevilla star was surplus to requirements previously. With Kulusevski and Richarlison both having to endure spells on the sidelines, it remains to be seen whether Gil has managed to play his way back into the Tottenham team.