Former Tottenham and Arsenal defender Sol Campbell has questioned why he has not been awarded an MBE, OBE or even knighted given his impressive football career credentials. The former England international issued a three-tweet plea listing the reasons why he should be considered, which has immediately drawn criticism across the sporting landscape. The New Year Honours list sparked controversy last week, with several key figures from the sporting world overlooked. David Beckham, again, is among those who will ponder how he has been overlooked for a title, with numerous members of the Lionesses team certain to feel aggrieved. Only four players from the England squad that secured victory at the Euros were rewarded for their efforts, sparking controversy on social media with many left confused as to why the whole team were not included. Though former Southend manager Campbell was left scratching his head as to why he was not named on the list and took to Twitter to attempt to rally support. He wrote: “I’ve seen a lot of people get MBE OBE Sir’s for services to sport, I will put my down (with) reasons why! First is the 56 games without losing, 2) invincible Arsenal team 49 games without losing, 3 first black player to score in World Cup final for England!” Campbell’s third point sparked criticism of the 48-year-old, with the defender never reaching the World Cup final. The Three Lions have only ever made it through to that stage of the competition once when they lifted the trophy back in 1966 under Sir Alf Ramsey. Despite this, Campbell continued: “4 first black captain to lift a cup at Wembley, 5 first black English speaking player to score in a Champions League final, 6 I played (for) two decades and over 500 games in the Premiership, 7 stood up for racism in football here and abroad! “8 only English player to play in six consecutive tournaments for England, 9 got into the World Cup best team (in) 1998 and 2002 and one European team (in) 2004 so at one stage I was pound for pound the best defender in the world, how many English men can say that?” Twitter users were divided by Campbell’s online speech, with some feeling that a more modest and humble approach by the former Arsenal, Tottenham and Portsmouth star may see him gain more respect outside of the footballing sphere. However, others agreed with the two-time Premier League winner and feel that Campbell should be recognised for his work sooner rather than later.