Tottenham forward Harry Kane will have the chance to surpass Jimmy Greaves' incredible goalscoring record by finding the back of the net against Arsenal in this weekend's north London derby. Kane has once again led Tottenham's attacking charge over the course of the campaign to date, with the England skipper currently on 15 goals from just 17 appearances in the Premier League this season. Kane will undoubtedly be called upon by Antonio Conte to start up front against Arsenal on Sunday afternoon as Tottenham look to claim the local bragging rights by getting revenge over the Gunners, who beat them at the Emirates Stadium in the reverse fixture in October. The 29-year-old could also mark the biggest milestone of his career by finding the back of the net, given that he is just one goal short of equalling Greaves' all-time record at Spurs.The latter managed to score 266 goals during his time at Tottenham, a record which has stood for more than half a century with his final strike coming on his 369th appearance for the club back in 1970. Kane, meanwhile, managed to notch his 264th goal against Portsmouth in the FA Cup third round on Saturday and will draw level with Greaves if he is able to keep his form up on Sunday.He will equal Greaves' tally if he scores once against Arsenal, while a derby day brace will see him take the lead as Tottenham's all-time leading marksman ahead of his legendary predecessor. Greaves' son Adam recently insisted that his father will be looking down with great pride when Kane eventually surpasses the landmark 266-goal figure, regardless of whether or not it comes on Sunday or further down the line. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte 'sets trophy condition' for exit "Dad will be delighted for Harry," Adam told The Mirror. "He always said records are there to be broken so he will be really pleased for him when he gets there and would wish him all the best."It has taken a long time for someone to get there, but I know that if the old man was still around he’d be sending Harry a message via the club or friends in the media to say big congratulations to him. People know what Dad was like, he was very humble and he’d be delighted that someone is going to break the record, he’d wish nothing but the best for Harry and would hope he can go on now and win some club trophies in his career as well." Meanwhile, Kane himself previously insisted that he was not fixated on the idea of beating Greaves' long-standing record after reaching 200 goals for Tottenham back in 2020. He told reporters: "It's not on my mind, it's something that you guys will let me know once I pass that. These are all great things."It's kind of hard to take them in when you're playing. Once you finish your career you take them all in. Time goes so quick, it feels like yesterday I was scoring that first goal for Spurs. It's a great achievement to reach 200 goals, but for sure hopefully there's a few more left. Let's keep them coming." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.