Kate, Princess of Wales stunned last night in head-to-toe red. The Princess stepped out at an event for The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood. But she wasn't the first royal to try out the look. On January 30, Kate stepped out in a scarlet two-piece by British luxury fashion house Alexander McQueen. She wore the Leaf Crepe Drop Hem Jacket in Welsh Red (priced at around £1,570) and the Narrow Bootcut Trousers in Welsh Red (priced at around £605). She complemented the look with red shoes and a red handbag for the ultimate fashion statement. Her clutch was was the Bow-Embellished Red Suede Shoulder Bag by Miu Miu (priced at around £726). READ MORE: Meghan wore 'big deal' designer dress but she said it was 'too short' Her shoes were the ‘Gianvito’ 105 Red Suede Pumps (priced at around £553). Gianvito Rossi is a luxury Italian fashion brand beloved by royals including Kate and Meghan Markle. The Princess of Wales completed the look with a pair of ‘Florence’ Earrings in Regency Green, priced at an affordable £70. Royal fans were mesmerised by the royals' latest look, with many taking to Instagram to share their praise. @kirby_weston commented: "This look is red hot! Credit also to Williams’s matching red tie." lm_jamess echoed this: "A McQueen power suit. The Princess of Wales means business." But while Kate undoubtedly rocked the look, she was not the first royal to don head-to-toe red. On September 5, 2022, Duchess Meghan Markle stepped out in a very similar ensemble. READ MORE: Meghan's fashion choice that Princess Diana would avoid - pictures She turned heads in all-red as she delivered the keynote speech during the Opening Ceremony of the One Young World Summit 2022. However, as opposed to Kate's tailored "power suit", the Duchess of Sussex looked equally as fabulous in a more floaty ensemble. The co-ord was from Another Tomorrow, comprised of a bow blouse, £518, and straight-leg trousers, £558. On Another Tomorrow's official website, the blouse is described as "delicate" and the trousers, "timeless", "classic" and "seasonless". Like Kate, Meghan opted for red pumps, specifically the Aquazzura Panthere 105 Cutout Suede Pumps In Red, priced at £620. She broke up the red with a crisp white clutch and opted for gold jewellery. Speaking about the look, one royal fan previously commented: "Red power okay now you go girl. Do your thing girl." A tweet read: "Meghan Markle is fire with that red outfit! Wow! #HarryandMeghan #OneYoungWorld #MeghanMarkle #PrinceHarry #Sussex."