A surgeon who suffered from a painful foot has been diagnosed with an incurable prostate cancer. Dr Gareth Jones was hit with the disease in June 2021 and since has faced a struggle to stay on top of his mental physical health while he is in palliative care. The 55-year-old urologist, a former extreme fitness fanatic, had spent years taking part in Iron Man challenges. He told Glasgow Live: "Through lockdown, I did lots of virtual events and my last was the virtual Manchester marathon. I was a reasonable runner. "I first noticed my foot was sore, and although that wasn't a new thing and I've been injured before, it wasn't going away. "In early 2021, I jumped off my bike because someone walked in front of me and twisted my back - things that have happened before but I wasn't getting through it this time. My left leg also wasn't working properly and I was tripping a lot. "I was going home from work one day and it took me twice the time and I had abdominal pain. I knew something was wrong." Gareth initially went to his GP for blood tests before learning of his diagnosis while on call at work. "I saw my GP at the beginning of June and we did blood tests," he said. "That Friday, I was on call at work for the next week, so I was going round the ward.  "At lunchtime I went to see my colleague and saw a field of red exclamation marks. "It showed I had prostate cancer. She went to the diagnostic screen, and confirmed it. I then had to have a CT scan done that day, confirming that my spine and pelvis were full of cancer as well. "On Monday I was in hospital for MRI scans, which was 90 minutes in the tube. "Then I got the prostate biopsy and they gave me the first treatment, which was an injection to stop hormones getting produced." "Because of my leg and the volume of cancer in back and hip they put me straight on radiotherapy. "So I went to the Beatson the next week and got the scans to plan radiotherapy which would be happening five days a week. "A few weeks later I saw the oncology doctor who decided it was best in addition to radiotherapy and injections that I go on some other pills to completely clear my body of any male hormone. Everything happened very quickly." Describing the experience of discovering his diagnosis, he likened it to "being hit by a bus". He said: "That day, it was really like being hit by a bus. "I hadn’t dealt with men with prostate cancer beyond initial diagnosis in 20 years so all my knowledge was out of date. "I thought with my blood tests I would be dead within a year, so that was not the best few months of my life. "Then I started reading up on it and found out it maybe wasn’t as grim as I'd initially thought."