Tripadvisor’s Travellers’ Choice awards celebrate the best destinations, hotels and experiences for 2023. Spain’s highest scoring destination landed just outside the top 10. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares weirdest 'chicken or beef' request  Lanzarote, one of Spain's gorgeous Canary Islands, landed in place 12 on the Trending Destinations list. A Tripadvisor spokesperson said: “If your kids are sick of the same old beach holiday you take every year, consider taking them to Lanzarote. “There are great beaches, to be sure, but this UNESCO World Biosphere reserve has unique attractions and activities. “We’re talking camel rides on volcanoes, or eating at a restaurant in a volcanic cave. Even the most jaded teens will be impressed.” Tourists can take camel rides at Timanfaya National Park, Lanzarote’s best rated attraction on Tripadvisor. The incredible volcanic landscape is one-of-a-kind and demonstrates the power of Mother Nature. A tourist wrote on Tripadvisor: “Fascinating experience. The landscape is so alien and amazing to see up close.” Another person said: “Beautiful landscape with a nice restaurant attached. Food was cooked by the heat of the volcano.” READ MORE: easyJet issues travel warning for British tourists Kids will also be impressed by Lanzarote’s Rancho Texas Park, an American theme park with a swimming pool. Tourists could explore the Cueva de los Verdes, a hidden wonder and the site of many legends. Locals once used the cave as a hideout when pirates attacked the island during the 16th and 17th centuries. Of course, Lanzarote also has many beautiful beaches for tourists to relax after a busy few days of sightseeing. British tourists can catch a direct flight to Lanzarote from many of the UKs major airports with budget options available. The Canary Islands proximity to the Equator means that the weather is warm all year round, making Lanzarote the perfect winter destination. Cuba was Tripadvisor’s top trending destination while two Vietnamese hotspots were featured on the list. Mauritius, Siem Reap and Chiang Mai rounded off the top five with the Cayman Islands just outside the top spots.