  Love Island winner Dani Dyer, 26, has shared the exciting news that she is pregnant once again. The reality star, who is also the daughter of EastEnders legend Danny Dyer, is expecting twins with her Premier League footballer beau Jarrod Bowen, 26.     Dani took to Instagram this afternoon to share an adorable snap of her son Santiago posing with pictures from her ultrasound. "We have been keeping a little secret..." she wrote excitedly. "Our little TWINS. So excited to meet our babies and watch Santi be the best big brother… "The biggest surprise of our lives but feeling SO blessed... Our family is getting a lot bigger and we can’t wait,” she told her fans. (sic) READ MORE: BBC Radio 2's Scott Mills reacts to Ken Bruce 'replacement' backlash      In the sweet pictures, Santiago held up a sign that said: “I’m going to be a big brother to twins.” The next photo showed a beaming Jarrod holding Dani’s tummy as she stared at him lovingly. The final snap showed both the pair’s hands placed over one another as they rested on Dani’s stomach. Jarrod looked relaxed for the pro photographs, wearing a simple white T-shirt and baggy grey shorts.      Meanwhile, Dani looked sensational in a long, fitted grey maxi dress and wore her blonde hair in long, elegant waves. The couple’s fans and friends took to the comments section to send their messages of congratulations and well wishes. Love Island’s Shaughna Phillips wrote: “Omg congratulations my love!!!!! So happy for you.” “Ayayaaaaaye congratulations,” comedienne Katherine Ryan wrote with heart emojis. (sic)  READ MORE... Piers Morgan mocks Omid Scobie as Harry calls Meghan claim 'nonsense' [NEWS] Prince Harry exposing texts slammed by US star as 'Housewives' move [UPDATE] Jennifer Aniston ‘concerned’ over Brad Pitt’s new romance [LATEST INSIGHT]      “Twins!!! Congrats lovely,” Actress Mia McKenna-Bruce penned with more heart emojis. (sic) “Congratulations you two,” added Sonny Jay, while Dani’s Love Island pal Georgia Steel wrote: “Ahhhh Dan I’m so happy for you.” Samira Mighty, another contestant from the ITV show, commented: “OH WOWWWWWWW CONGRATULATIONS MY LOVE.” (sic) “Congratulations darling,” Amy Childs added with yet another heart emoji. “Twin mum club!”     “Wow congratulations beautiful,” added another Love Island favourite Kaz Crossley. (sic) While Hayley Hughes penned: “Ahhh congratulations lovely news xxx.” Dani rose to fame when she won Love Island with Jack Fincham in 2018, although the couple split later that year. Shortly afterwards, she got back together with her ex Sammy Kimmence, with whom she welcomed her son Santiago in January, 2021. However, she reportedly split from Sammy after he was sentenced to three and a half years in prison for scamming elderly pensioners. On December 27 of last year, Dani confirmed her relationship with footballer and dad-to-be Jarrod.   