Prince Harry has been criticised for making "outrageous" comments about women in his autobiography Spare, as Jeremy Clarkson has faced a public outcry for his words about Meghan Markle in his column for The Sun. The former Top Gear host apologised to the couple after he wrote a now-deleted piece in which he declared he wanted to see the Duchess of Sussex stripped naked and paraded through the streets while excrement was thrown at her. However, royal authors Lady Colin Campbell and Phil Dampier took issue with Harry's complaints about Mr Clarkson's misogyny when segments of his own book appear to portray some women in an unflattering light. Appearing on Dan Wootton's GB News show, Lady C pointed out an extract in which Harry describes one of his matrons as "not hot" and explains how he would "mock" her as she walked downstairs "glacially" due to having scoliosis. She told the host: "Jeremy Clarkson was making an allusion to a popular series called Game of Thrones, so let's put that in its correct context. "While Harry, ok he was young at the time, but I have to tell you I've been around children all my life, some children are cruel and others aren't.  "There is no way that any child that I would regard as desirable would be mocking a matron who had scoliosis. "Also, what is so insensitive about Harry's comment, is that his cousin Eugenie had scoliosis." She admitted that Mr Clarkson had been "cack-handed" by not making clear his reference to the TV show in his words about Meghan, but said this was an "omission" in comparison to Harry's "admission" of cruelty as a child.  READ MORE: Meghan & Harry told recognise royals 'hesitancy' to reconcile Host Mr Wootton said he felt it was "hypocrisy" for the prince to speak so ardently about the need for "compassion" when his book is full of "bile and attacks on people who he doesn't like". Journalist Phil Dampier added: "What I don't like is the way he uses nicknames for people. "He doesn't actually name people, he just refers to them by these horrible names, it's really school bullying stuff."  DON'T MISS:David Crosby, Byrds and Crosby, Stills and Nash Co-Founder, dies at 81 [LATEST]Tony Blair shredded for 'hypocrisy' as ex-PM touted as new 'Mr Davos' [SPOTLIGHT]French coastguards blame UK for abandoning dinghy in channel [REPORT] In a new poll conducted by Newsweek Harry's approval rating in the US has plummeted since Spare's release, with 31 percent saying they liked him and 38 percent saying they disliked him. This would give him a net approval rating of -7, down by 45 points since their last poll in December. Meghan Markle's net approval also dipped from +23 to -13, a drop of 36 points. 