A mum is facing a long jail sentence after admitting to leaving her newborn baby to die on a river bank 20 years ago. The boy was one of two babies found at the Mississippi River between 1999 and 2003 in a case which has haunted the local community.  Jennifer Matter, 50, pleaded guilty to second-degree murder after investigators charged her with the death of the baby boy, who was found by a group of teenage girls in 2003 with his umbilical cord still attached. “I left (the baby) on the beach, walked away, got into my car, and drove away with no intention of returning,” Matter said of her son in the plea agreement. According to the criminal complaint, Matter said she hoped someone would find the infant after she left him at Methodist Beach in Goodhue County, Minnesota. Prosecutors say DNA evidence also links Matter to the newborn baby girl found dead in the water in 1999, though it is unclear if she will be charged. DNA samples tied both infants to her by a genealogy search that led to potential relatives in the area. Speaking after Matter was charged, Goodhue County Sheriff Marty Kelly told a press conference: “It has been 8,222 days since we discovered our first newborn wrapped in a towel and floating in the water.” The charge says the baby boy died of homicide but his cause of death is undetermined. Court documents describe how the girl was found in the afternoon of November 4, 1999 “floating in the river” by boat houses wrapped in a white towel, with her umbilical cord still attached. READ MORE: Father and son land huge 162lb catch older than the dinosaurs On the afternoon of December 7, 2003, police were dispatched in response to a report of “deceased, unclothed, infant male found on the beach”. Four teenage girls found the baby while driving through the beach car park, the document states. “The unclothed infant male was lying on the water’s edge with his umbilical cord attached and wrapped around the middle of his body,” it says. DON'T MISS: Woman allegedly cheats Holocaust survivor of $2.8 million [INSIGHT]Suspects filmed 'callously laughing' at rape victim before her death [SPOTLIGHT]Idaho victim's mum part of Facebook group with suspected killer [REVEAL] Matter continued to live in the area in the intervening years. She was arrested on May 10, 2022, at her home and will be sentenced on April 28. The defendant faces a maximum term of 27 years behind bars. 