Footage has surfaced showing events from inside the cockpit of one of the two helicopters involved in a fatal crash in Australia. In the video, obtained by 7 News, one of the tourists on board can be seen repeatedly tapping the pilot on the arm in an attempt to warn him of the impending incident moments before the helicopter crashes, killing four people. The passenger appears to point at something in front of them. Just seconds later, the same passenger is seen grabbing the chair of the pilot before they brace for impact. Four people died in the crash, which saw one helicopter collide with another as it attempted to land on the Gold Coast Broadwater. The pilot, Ashley Jenkinson, and a British couple Ron, and Diane Hughes, and Vanessa Tadros, 36, from Glenmore Park, New South Wales - were all killed when their helicopter collided with another at around 2pm local time - 4am GMT - on Monday in Main Beach. Three other passengers, including two children, who were badly injured remain in hospital. According to the BBC, the helicopter pilot who died in the crash was originally from Birmingham but lived in the Gold Coast area. A friend of 40-year-old Mr Jenkinson told the broadcaster the pilot was a "silent hero and gentle giant" who "would have done everything to bring the helicopter down safely". Ritchie Gregg added: "He was a top guy with so much experience. He's flown in all sorts of terrain and environments, we're completely shocked." READ MORE: Sea World helicopters 'quirk' could hold key detail behind crash Mrs Hughes' brother Dave Boyce earlier wrote on Facebook: "For those who don't know my sister and her husband were involved in the helicopter crash on the Gold Coast yesterday. "We would also like to thank you all for the love and support we have received. We are truly humbled at this heartbreaking time." The force said "initial investigations" indicate the collision occurred when one helicopter was taking off and the other was landing. One of the helicopters was able to safely land on the sandbank, with five of its six passengers suffering only minor injuries.  However, the other helicopter crashed, killing four of those inside, and leaving a further three critically injured. A 10-year-old boy from Glenmore Park suffered critical injuries in the incident while a 33-year-old woman and a nine-year-old boy, both travelling from Geelong West, Victoria, suffered serious injuries. The forensic crash unit is investigating the incident with help from the Australian Transport Safety Bureau. A spokesperson for the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office said: "We are supporting the family of two British nationals who died in Australia and are in contact with the local authorities." Australia's Prime Minister, Anthony Albanese, said his thoughts were with those affected by the incident. "Australia is shocked by the news of the terrible and tragic helicopter incident today on the Gold Coast," he said in a tweet. "My thoughts are with all those affected, including first responders, and my deepest sympathies are with those who are grieving." Queensland premier Annastacia Palaszczuk tweeted it was an "unthinkable tragedy". She said: "My deepest sympathies are with each of the families and everyone affected by this terrible accident."