The Irish choreographer, 64, shared some reassuring news with his 39.6k followers and thanked fans for their support, writing that he was “overwhelmed” by their kindness. He posted: “Thank you to everyone around the world for your love and prayers.”  “I am overwhelmed by your kindness. I have been released from the hospital and am on the mend.”  The dancer recently revealed that he was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer and was in the care of some excellent doctors.  Michael, who found fame with his Lord of the Dance stage show, revealed the shocking diagnosis last Wednesday and shared a lengthy post with his fans.  READ MORE: Debbie McGee’s home she shared with Paul Daniels is 'in jeopardy'  His team wrote: “Dear friends, we have something personal to share. Michaal Flatley has been diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer.  “He has undergone surgery and is in the care of an excellent team of doctors. No further comments will be made at this time”  "We ask only for your prayers and well wishes. Thank you.Teamlord.”  The type of cancer Michael has been diagnosed with has not been disclosed. In 2003, the American-born Irish dancer was diagnosed with a malignant form of skin cancer. The cancer was spotted when an eagle-eyed viewer noticed the early signs of the disease when the star appeared on a TV show in America. Speaking to the Irish Independent at the time, he said: “We were at the fifth anniversary of Lord of the Dance in Las Vegas and I did an interview with MTV.  “Somebody watched the interview and brought it to the attention of my personal assistant and said: 'Did you ever notice the brown spot on the side of Michael's face?' I had never even noticed it.  “It was purely by chance that it was noticed. I had never even noticed it… it can be a frightening place .  DONT MISS:  Alex Jones speaks out after The One Show presenter talks being 'fired' Carol Vorderman turns heads in eye-popping video  Maya Jama will be 'as involved as I can' as viewers make comparison Before his latest diagnosis, the star had expanded into making and directing films.   He made his debut with the 2017 spy thriller Blackbird. The movie stars Eric Roberts, Patrick Bergin and Ian Beattie.   Flatley plays former MI6 operative Victor Blackley, who is drawn back into the world of espionage he had left behind. 