Meghan Markle is "not in hiding" but is letting Prince Harry build his own brand with his book Spare, according to a royal expert. Royal commentator Kinsey Schofield claimed that Meghan was likely involved in Spare's creation but was giving the Duke of Sussex his moment "to elevate himself" with the promotion of the book. "I don't think [Meghan] is embarrassed of the book, I think her sticky little fingers are all over the book," Ms Schofield told Talk TV host Cristo Foufas. "The Daily Mail posted a story that said: 'Meghan is not in hiding. This is a PR strategy. Meghan is allowing Harry to brand himself separately from her'. "She's got something else in the works but this is an intentional PR strategy for Harry to elevate himself and become his own character." Ms Schofield added that she believed that Meghan had "influence" over some of the material in Prince Harry's memoir but that publishers had most likely advised the Duchess to stay away from the book's promotion. The To Di For Daily podcast host claimed: "She's not embarrassed of Harry, she's, of course, in it 100 percent. You can read Harry's book, who had the text messages from Catherine? They were sent to Meghan's phone. Meghan has clearly influenced Harry's book."  She added: "Because the book is so toxic, I would use the word toxic, but because it ruffled so many feathers, it is believed that the publisher advised Meghan to sit this one out so that it wouldn't look like she was the puppet master." However, the Duchess of Sussex is possibly working on a new project, potentially even her own memoir, claimed Ms Schofield. She said: "I don't think Meghan is in hiding, I think she's prepping for something else. I think that she loves stirring the pot and that is exactly what all this has done." Ahead of the release of Spare, Prince Harry went on a whirlwind media blitz which saw him give interviews in the UK and the US to promote the book.  READ MORE: 'Might as well live in Iowa' - Montecito locals on Meghan and Harry However, Meghan was notably absent from all of the sit-downs. Written in Prince Harry's own words, Spare detailed intimate moments in both the couple's life as well as the building tension and eventual split from the Royal Family. The book became an instant hit, with 1.43 million copies sold in the UK, US and Canada on the first day of its release. The Duchess of Sussex has been noticeably absent in the days leading up to and following Spare's release. However, the Sussexes have a four-book deal with publisher Random House, which means there will be more books - not necessarily but possibly memoirs - to come. 