The Masked Singer made a comeback for its fourth season at the beginning of January and fans are already mesmerised by the show. Guesses are being flung left, right and centre for the remaining 10 celebrities, including Knitting who featured in the first episode. Express.co.uk has a rundown of three major clues which could point to Knitting's identity once and for all. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Masked Singer. Following Knitting's performance of Remember by Becky Hill and David Guetta, she gave her clue for the night. Speaking to the panel, she teased: "Knitting is easy, it’s the crossing of sticks, count all your stitches, there should be 26." Some fans have taken this to be a reference to the 1990s pop band Steps, with Jamie Jay tweeting: "That cryptic clue mentioning 26 is defo Steps related.. 5, 6, 7, 8.. one of their songs that equals 26 when added up!!" Plenty of viewers pointed the finger at none other than singer Claire Richards, who has been in Celebrity Masterchef, Celebrity Big Brother and a Loose Women panelist. However, others state that it could actually be her bandmate Lisa Scott-Lee. READ MORE: Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire ITV viewers have also been linking this next clue to the iconic band Steps. A single magpie on a wall can be seen in Knitting's clue package and as fans of the group know, they have a song called One for Sorrow, which links with the magpie nursery rhyme. Given the celebrity's smaller stature as well, it does seem more likely it could be Scott-Lee. The 47-year-old singer is just 5ft 3in, whereas Richards is 5ft 6in tall. Another key clue in the video prior to Knitting's performance was the close-up of a curtain tie. This hints that the person behind the mask has been or is still involved in the world of theatre. One name that also cropped up during the show was that of actress and singer Jane Horrocks. She famously played the titular role of Little Voice in the movie and has been in productions of Cabaret and Ask for the Moon, to name just a couple. DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun buyer breaks down as she details heartbreak  [REACTION]The Masked Singer fans ‘work out’ Rubbish’s identity  [THEORY]The Masked Singer fans 'work out' identity of Fawn as girl band icon [EXPLAINER] Panelist Davina McCall also pointed out that it sounded as if Knitting had a Lancastrian accent, which also points to Horrocks. Other names mentioned included former Blue Peter star Konnie Huq as she described herself as "crafty". Another name thrown into the ring was West End actress Samantha Barks following the curtain tie reference. Of course, it is still very early days and there are plenty of clues to come. The first celebrity to be unmasked was football pundit Chris Kamara who was behind Ghost. Week two then saw Piece of Cake unveiled and, much to the panel's surprise, it was singer Lulu. So which character will be next to reveal their true identity? The Masked Singer continues every Saturday night at 8pm on ITV.