Mr Scobie, who is the co-author of the Sussex biography 'Finding Freedom', has spoken out about the couple, claiming the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, and in particular Meghan, were "doomed" from the very beginning. Speaking as a guest on Common Sense, an independent news platform, Mr Scobie added that most things within the royal institution have "rarely ever moved forward" and that Meghan's existence alone has "changed the waters around her". Mr Scobie spoke about a particular part in the couple's docu-series, which was released on Netflix last month, whereby Meghan recalled a conversation that she had had with her private secretary. Mr Scobie said: "Her private secretary had said that, you know, you'll come in and you'll be like, sort of, a foreign microbe or something in the, sort of, biosphere of the Royal Family. "Every other cell will come and try and fight that and push you out but, at some point, you become part of it." Meghan and Harry have both claimed that the Duchess received a far from warm welcome from the media when she joined the Firm, something she claims only intensified with time. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's first three-word Instagram message to Prince Harry revealed READ MORE: William pokes fun at Kate's cooking ability in hilarious video captured during royal visit The host of Common Sense, Mike Omoniyi, agreed and said: "They were pretty much doomed the minute they said they wanted something different." Meghan and Harry announced the news of their wish to step down as senior royals in 2020, less than two years after their wedding day. The couple took to Instagram to reveal their plans, citing that they, despite stepping down, they wished to continue to offter support to the late Queen. In the statement, captioned under a smiling picture of the couple, who were at the time were only parents to their young son Archie, the couple declared that they wished to "work to become financially independent". DON'T MISS Earlier this month saw the release Prince Harry's bombshell memoir, Spare, which bought the couple further backlash from the press and the public alike. Despote the backlack, Harry's book, which is now available worldwide in various formats such as print and audiobook, was named the UK's fastest-selling non-fiction book in its first 24 hours of release.