Primula is a British company that produces delicious vegan cheeses, sold in all major supermarkets. To celebrate Veganuary, those behind the brand have shared their favourite vegan recipes, all consisting of Primula cheese – or any vegan cheese you like. Easy Beany Burgers – serves four Primula said: “We love a good vegan burger and this one tops the taste charts! Primula Perfectly Plant coats the ingredients in a creamy texture for a firm burger than won’t fall apart. Burger night just got even better.” Ingredients: 50g pine nuts Oil for frying One large onion 425g can kidney beans, drained and rinsed 198g can sweetcorn, drained Two 40g Primula Perfectly Plant 85g fresh breadcrumbs One tablespoon chopped parsley Black pepper Vegan burger buns Salad leaves, to serve One large tomato, sliced, to serve READ MORE: King Charles has strict rules during state banquets at the Palace Method: First, heat a frying pan over medium heat and lightly toast the pine nuts for two to three minutes or until golden. Remove from the pan onto a plate and set aside to cool. Finely chop half of the onion, then slice the remaining half and put to one side for later. Heat one tablespoon of oil in the frying pan and add the finely chopped onion. Fry gently until soft and just starting to brown. Meanwhile, empty the kidney beans into a large bowl and mash well with a potato masher or fork. Add the pine nuts, drained sweetcorn and fried onion. Then stir in four tablespoons of Primula Perfectly Plant, half of the breadcrumbs and the parsley. Season to taste with black pepper and mix well. Shape the mixture into four burgers and coat the outside of each burger with the remaining breadcrumbs. Cover and chill in the fridge for at least 30 minutes. Heat one tablespoon of oil in a frying pan and gently fry the remaining sliced onion until it is caramelised and golden. Remove from the pan and keep on one side to serve with the cooked burgers. Heat one to two tablespoons of oil in the same frying pan and fry the beany burgers for three to four minutes on each side until crisp and golden. Serve the beany burgers in buns with salad leaves and a slice of tomato. Top with a generous squeeze of Primula Perfectly Plant and crispy fried onion slices.  Risotto Primavera – serves four Primula said: “Our vegan Risotto Primavera recipe is full of fresh flavour. Primula Perfectly Plant combines with courgette, asparagus and peas to bring a classic, creamy dish to your dinner table." Ingredients: One tablespoon olive oil One small onion, peeled and finely chopped One clove garlic, peeled and crushed 300g arborio or risotto rice 600 to 700ml hot vegetable stock One courgette, grated Small bunch of asparagus, each spear cut into 3cm pieces 100g frozen peas 140g Primula Perfectly Plant Freshly ground black pepper Chopped parsley, to garnish READ MORE: Inside Princess Anne's adorable relationship with her grandchildren Method: Heat oil in a large pan and fry gently until the onion is softened but not browned. Add the garlic and rice and stir well, then gradually add the hot stock about a ladle at a time, stirring continuously. After about 10 minutes add the grated courgette followed by the asparagus and peas, whilst continuing to stir in the hot stock. Squeeze in the Primula Perfectly Plant, mix well and continue to gradually add the remaining stock until a thick and creamy consistency is reached. This should take about 15 to 20 minutes. Season to taste with black pepper, sprinkle over chopped parsley and serve straight away. Tip: Vary the vegetables used according to season. It is important to stir the risotto throughout as this helps to create the creamy texture associated with risotto. Herby Polenta Chips – serves two Primula said: “Move over potatoes, polenta chips are in town. These golden bites are crispy on the outside yet soft on the inside and they’re seriously scrumptious. Simply serve with Primula Perfectly Plant for a delicious dip. Happy dunking.” Ingredients: 500g pack ready-made polenta Olive oil One to two teaspoons Za’atar seasoning One teaspoon paprika, if liked Sea salt Freshly ground black pepper Fresh thyme, to garnish 140g Primula Perfectly Plant One pot tomato salsa, to serve Method: Preheat the oven to 200C, 180C fan, gas six. Slice the polenta into 1cm slices and cut in half again lengthways to make chip shapes. Place on a baking tray lined with baking paper and brush each polenta chip with olive oil. Sprinkle with Za’atar and paprika if using, and season with salt and black pepper. Bake in a preheated oven for 20-25 minutes until heated through and starting to brown at the edges. Sprinkle over thyme leaves as a garnish. Squeeze Primula Perfectly Plant into a bowl and serve alongside the salsa as dipping sauces for the polenta fries. Enjoy.