When elected leader in early 2020 the party had just suffered one of its most crushing defeats. Under Jeremy Corbyn, it had become gripped by toxic extremism and vicious anti-Semitism. Yet, less than three years later, Labour has a commanding lead in the polls and a new sense of unity. The Tories have assisted through their own incompetence and internal turmoil but credit is due to Starmer, who isolated the hard Left and even kicked Corbyn out of the parliamentary party.  But now, having successfully begun the process of rebuilding Labour’s credibility, his mission is to set out his vision for government. That was the purpose behind his speech on Thursday in east London, 24 hours after Prime Minister Rishi Sunak had set out his plans for the remainder of this Parliament. But Starmer was not entirely convincing. Where Sunak was specific in his goals, Sir Keir was vacuous. There was too much sloganising, and too few practical policies. Devoid of detail or a clear theme, he regularly descended into jargon or banalities. At one stage, he said, “We must look forward with hope. But for hope to flourish, Britain must change,” words that could have been uttered by any politician from any mainstream party over the last century. To be fair to Starmer, he has grown in confidence since he first became leader. His speaking voice is still awkward, for he simultaneously manages to sound congested, strangulated and robotic. But buttressed by the polls, there is a new authority, reflected in the fluent way he answered questions from the media. There is little doubt he would be up to the job of prime minister. Indeed, he is rare among political leaders in having real experience of heading a major organisation as a widely admired director of public prosecutions. On that theme of reliability, it was reassuring to hear him emphasise wealth creation and fiscal responsibility, in contrast to the statist profligacy of predecessors like Corbyn and Ed Miliband.  His administration, he promises, “would not get the Big Government chequebook out again”. But on Thursday Starmer squandered his chance to present a broad, coherent contrast to Tory rule. The centrepiece of his speech was the pledge to “Take Back Control” by devolving power from Westminster and Whitehall, a favourite theme of opposition politicians down the ages. The reference to the famous 2016 Brexit campaign slogan may have sounded clever in theory but in practice it just seemed gimmicky, nothing more than a slogan in search of a meaningful plan. Moreover, there is always the suspicion that when Labour talk eagerly of devolution, what they really envisage is more regional bureaucracy and more political hierarchies, while many voters will shudder at even greater powers for the Scottish Parliament, a byword for expensive partisanship and mismanagement. The absence of realism could be seen elsewhere. Starmer was desperately weak when he tried to explain how Labour would tackle illegal immigration across the Channel, partly because his party clings to an open-door approach. Just as supine was his pledge to repeal any new anti-strike laws passed by the Tory Government, a stance that again illustrates how the trade unions remain Labour’s biggest paymasters. Quick to denounce the Tories for underfunding public services, he was vague about increasing budgets for the NHS or schools. And will Starmer as a diehard Remainer push for a return to EU involvement in British democracy? Will he continue Labour’s divisive obsessions with identity politics, transgender ideology and the woke agenda, even if traditional liberties become threatened? Such questions are still unanswered. They must be by the time of the next election. 