Arsenal are refusing to give up on Mykhaylo Mudryk as they look to bring the Shakhtar Donetsk star to the Emirates Stadium this month. And, should their pursuit of the Ukraine international pay off, then he’ll expect to be playing alongside Martin Odegaard and Gabriel Jesus. Both players have impressed this term and, though the latter is currently injured, they’d make up a formidable attacking trio in north London when everyone is fully fit and firing. Arsenal have enjoyed a terrific season under Mikel Arteta so far, losing just one game as they’ve charged to the top of the Premier League table. However, while they’re currently seven points clear of Manchester City at the summit, they feel more is required if they’re to end a 19-year wait for the prize. Arsenal are pushing to secure the signature of Mudryk, who has scored seven goals and registered seven assists from 12 league outings for Shakhtar so far this season. They’ve already had one bid rejected but, per widespread reports, have already agreed personal terms with the 21-year-old. The player himself hasn’t hid his desire to move to north London, posting numerous images of himself watching Arsenal’s matches from afar. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And, should they land him this month, then he’ll likely be deployed alongside Odegaard and Jesus when everyone is fully fit and firing. As a left winger, Mudryk would be closest to the pair on the pitch. While Odegaard often plays on the right of midfield when Arsenal don’t have the ball, he occupies the No 10 role when they’re going forward. Many weren’t sure on the Norway international when Arsenal signed him, initially on loan, back in January 2020. But after watching him dazzle at the Emirates, Arteta then decided to recruit him on a permanent basis. Since then, the player has just got better and better. The 24-year-old is fulfilling his vast potential in the capital, having previously struggled at Real Madrid. Odegaard has scored seven goals and registered five assists in the Premier League this season, with his creative talents clear for all to see. And he’s shown he’d be able to produce the ammunition for Mudryk to fire, with the Arsenal target poised to take Gabriel Martinelli’s spot should a move take place. Arsenal are currently having to cope without Jesus, who picked up a serious knee injury while playing for Brazil at the World Cup. But when he’s fully fit, he’s the player Arteta relies on to lead his Gunners attack. Jesus’ goals were drying up prior to his injury, having initially hit the ground running upon arriving from Manchester City back in the summer. Yet Mudryk would likely strike up a strong connection with the Samba star. The Ukraine forward has shown during his time in his homeland he’s got what it takes to thrive in an attacking, enterprising side. And with Jesus a selfless striker, the duo would be able to work together by creating chances and finishing them as well. Whether Arsenal are able to land Mudryk remains to be seen, with Shakhtar looking for a fee close to £100million to let their prized asset go. But Arteta wants the 21-year-old this winter and Edu, it seems, is working tirelessly behind the scenes to get this deal done. Next up for Arsenal is a crunch clash with Newcastle on Tuesday (7.45pm). Eddie Howe’s side have been impressive this term, though did slip to a disappointing draw against Leeds last time out.