With energy bills currently at eye-watering levels, over half a million people use wood-burning stoves to heat their homes this winter. As thousands look to install a log burner in their home, industry experts are reporting fears of a potential shortage. Demand for log burners has shot up by nearly 40 percent, jumping to 35,000 orders between April to June, compared to 25,000 from the same period last year. It comes as Russian President Vladimir Putin's war in Ukraine and his supply cuts to Europe sent gas prices soaring, which has had a huge knock-on impact on UK billpayers. With such a high demand for solid fuel heating this winter, many Britons may have missed the recent Government regulation changes surrounding wood-burning stoves. To avoid the possible health risks, owners of log burners now have to comply with a number of new clean air regulations and appliance exemptions, which can often be confusing. Wood burners have faced increased scrutiny over the past few years, after being linked to nearly 50 percent of people's exposure to cancer-causing chemicals found in air pollution particles in urban areas. In 2022, the Government issues new laws which mean that the type of log burner you can buy and the fuel you put in it matters if you are to avoid burning cash by paying a hefty fine. Wood fuel is generally more cost-effective than gas and electricity, and ever since wholesale gas prices shot up over Russia's invasion of Ukraine, this cost difference has only grown. The Stove Industry Alliance, a trade body, says running costs are around a third of electric heating bills, and 13 percent less than gas central heating, although these savings will continue to go up as energy prices continue to rise. Furthermore, with the National Grid warning that households could face three-hour planned power cuts this winter due to tight electricity supplies, wood burners could ensure that your home has a steady supply of heat. Health experts and environmental groups have long argued against wood-burning stoves, due to the pollution and health risk it carries. Environmental campaigners have called on Britons to "protect your neighbours" and stop using log burners as using them is like having 750 diesel trucks pumping their exhaust into your living room - including those marketed as "eco-friendly". Only stoves that meet the ecodesign standard can be legally sold as of this year in the UK and EU, but experts said that the PM2.5 pollution - which comes from wood-burning - hasn't been reduced. According to the Forum of International Respiratory Societies' Environmental Committee, PM2.5 is especially harmful to health as it can pass through the lungs into the bloodstream and then be carried around the body and lodge in organs. To navigate the confusing rules around log burners, LeicestershireLive has detailed all the new Government regulations on wood-burning stoves, from a ban on old stoves to fuel restrictions. The new wood-burning stove laws came into force in an effort to curb the nation's emissions, with the appliances accounting for 38 percent of particulate matter air pollution, a Government report says. But the buying and installation of new wood-burning stoves is not banned, as many had feared, but there is a production ban on older-style stoves. According to the HomeOwners Alliance, wood-burning stoves and multi-fuel stoves and fireplaces now manufactured have to meet strict new guidelines known as Ecodesign. The Ecodesign mark means the stove has been tested by an approved laboratory, meeting all requirements on air quality and particulates. READ MORE: Log burner sales surge with fears of a shortage looming this winter Sales of bagged house coal and wet wood in units under two cubic meters are illegal. Government regulations state: "Burning at home, particularly with traditional house coal or wet wood, is a major source of the pollutant PM2.5 – which has been identified by the World Health Organisation as the most serious air pollutant for human health." Wood that is sold for the purpose of burning in stoves needs to be RTG (Ready To Burn), meaning it has been tested and has a moisture content under 20 percent. DEFRA appointed HETAS and Woodsure to run the RTB fuel certification scheme in order to achieve cleaner burning of wood. If you are in one of the nation's smoke control areas, you can view a map here, you must only burn fuel on the list of authorised fuels, or any of the following 'smokeless' alternatives unless you're using an exempt appliance:  The Government says: "In England you may have to pay a penalty of up to £300 if your local council decides your chimney releases too much smoke. You can be fined up to £1,000 if you burn unauthorised fuel without an exempt appliance."