It's been a blockbuster month for TV launches with Samsung, LG and Panasonic all showing off shiny new goggleboxes at the CES technology show in Las Vegas that are bigger, brighter and offer improved refresh rates that make them better for gamers. LG has even revealed its latest telly which features wireless technology to cut down on cables with this device only needing a single power cord to be plugged into its casing. That might sound impressive but one new firm is trying to take things up a notch with the release of a telly that needs no wires at all. The new Displace TV, which was also unveiled in Sin City, gets its power from rechargeable batteries which means it can be placed pretty much anywhere in the home. There are even some clever suckers on the back which allow the giant but lightweight 55-inch screen to be stuck to windows and walls without needing to drill holes or install any ugly brackets. Just like LG's new TV, there's a main connection box - which can be hidden away in a cupboard - that then beams content from the web or devices such as Sky Q straight to the screen without the need for any wires to be seen. READ MORE: BMW reveals its vision for the future that takes inspiration from cars of the past Displace is promising that the batteries will last for around a day before needing to be refilled. And don't worry if you are on a massive film marathon as the power packs can be easily switched whilst the screen is on so the TV should never run out of juice mid-movie. If 55 inches sound a tad small then there is also the option to snap four of these screens together to make one giant 110-inch display. Although battery power and no wires sound good, Displace might be taking the minimalist concept a little too far as this TV won't ship with a remote control. Instead, owners will be forced to use hand gestures to switch channels, turn up the volume and turn things off. The firm says it's confident that its virtual controls are good enough to end the need for a physical remote but we have a feeling most consumers still like to have a real channel changer in their hands. One final thing that might put some off taking the plunge and going wireless is the price as this telly costs around $3,000 - £2,700. Considering you can easily pick up a 55-inch screen for under £1,000 that is pretty pricey. That said, if you want a truly wireless TV experience and end the mess of cables littering your living room watch out for more news from Displace.