They found that hormone replacement therapy designed to control the symptoms of the menopause, commonly known as HRT, is associated with better memory and cognitive function. It means that HRT could reduce the chances of some women developing Alzheimer's in later life.  Dementia can be a distressing illness for those who experience it and for their loved ones.These findings illustrate the work taking place to better understand it. As the researchers say, further studies are needed. But our knowledge of dementia is growing. There may never come a "eureka" moment where a cure or foolproof way of avoiding dementia is discovered but steady progress is being made. Experts at British institutions such as the University of East Anglia have led this latest research.Their success demonstrates the enormous contribution the UK continues to make in the medical sciences and the strength of our university sector. It's because of such people that the prospects for those at risk of developing dementia today are better than in the past, and the future will be brighter still.  The nation has rallied behind the King as well as the Prince and Princess of Wales, following Prince Harry's attacks on his estranged family. A poll for the Express found Charles, William and Kate are more popular than before the Duke of Sussex's book Spare was released. Many people understandably want Harry to stay away from the Coronation and his presence must surely now be in doubt. Queen Elizabeth's funeral witnessed an outpouring of grief and gratitude, as we mourned her loss while celebrating her remarkable achievements over more than 70 years on the throne. May's Coronation is an opportunity to look to the future with pride and optimism, qualities that cannot be associated with Harry at the moment. His public criticism of the monarchy, probably the UK's most enduring and high-profile institution, damages the standing not only of his family but of the country as a whole, not least in his adopted homeland of the US. Thankfully, it appears American audiences also increasingly have doubts about the Duke of Sussex.  Tributes to Lisa Marie Presley show just how respected and loved she was. She was a talented singer-songwriter in her own right, as well as a custodian of her father's legacy. Her many fans will share the sentiments of La Toya Jackson, who said she will forever be in our hearts.