Idaho murder suspect Bryan Kohberger may have been overlooked by police because of his criminology background, which makes him an "extraordinarily rare" suspect, a crime expert has told Express.co.uk. If convicted of the quadruple murder, he said, criminologists will study the case for "years to come". Kohberger, 28, is a PhD student at Washington State University's department of criminal justice and criminology. He also holds a master's degree in the subject area. On Friday, he was arrested in connection with the deaths of Kaylee Goncalves, Madison Mogen, Xana Kernodle and Ethan Chapin. The four students at the University of Idaho - based just across the stateline from him in the college town of Moscow, Idaho - were stabbed to death six weeks ago in their beds. Kohberger, who is in custody, faces four charges of first-degree murder and one charge of felony burglary. Leonard Adam Sipes Jr, a criminology professor and former specialist for the US Department of Justice's clearinghouse, told Express.co.uk Kohberger's background makes him an unlikely suspect.  He said: "A PhD criminology student's (or any PhD student's) involvement in a homicide is extraordinarily rare. "The great bulk of violence is committed by people without college degrees. "If true, this will be a case that criminologists and criminal justice practitioners and media will study for years to come."  Mr Sipes Jr added: "The suspect will have had the same training as me if this information is correct. READ MORE: Idaho murders suspect Bryan Kohberger was 'mean' at school "If so, he would know the mode of operation (MO) and patterns of homicide suspects and serial killers. "He would know that law enforcement would be looking for a male who had prior contact with a victim or victims. If the contact was slight (a perceived insult or rejection) he may have believed that he was safe because of an obscure incidental contact." The crime expert and owner of research group CrimeinAmerica believes the police may not have initially suspected Kohberger because of his academic background and interest in criminology.  Kohberger's attorney Jason LaBar has said he is "eager to be exonerated of these charges and looks forward to resolving these matters as promptly as possible". In a statement, the suspect's family said: "First and foremost, we care deeply for the four families who have lost their precious children. "There are no words that can adequately express the sadness we feel, and we pray each day for them. "We have fully cooperated with law enforcement agencies in an attempt to seek the truth and promote his presumption of innocence rather than judge unknown facts and make erroneous assumptions. "We respect privacy in this matter as our family and the families suffering loss can move forward through the legal process." 