The Duke of Sussex is expected to discuss his childhood, life as a royal and his new memoir, Spare, during a 60 Minutes sit-down with Anderson Cooper this weekend. Here's all you need to know about the exclusive interview. Prince Harry’s 60 Minutes interview with the American journalist Anderson Cooper airs on Sunday, January 8 on CBS. It hits TV screens at 7pm ET (12am GMT), immediately following Sunday’s NFL game. This means if the football game runs over time, the airtime of Prince Harry's special will be delayed until it ends. Basic cable TV, or using a digital antenna, will allow viewers to watch the highly-anticipated talk through your local CBS affiliate. It can also be streamed online using Paramount+, the streaming partner of CBS. The interview will be Harry's first US television appearance to discuss his new book, while he will also sit down for an interview with ITV in the UK, aired at 7pm GMT. The Duke's memoir, in which he is expected to bear new details about his life in the Firm, is released just two days later on January 10. According to its publishers, the book promises "raw, unflinching honesty" from the Duke of Sussex and will be "full of insight, revelation, self-examination, and hard-won wisdom". As well as discussions about the new book, the royal is also expected to divulge more information about life in the Firm and his experience since stepping down from royal duties.  READ MORE: Danish Queen's title removal serves as warning for Harry In a clip released ahead of the interview, Harry explained that he was the target of leaks to the press. When Mr Cooper asks him why he didn't step back from his royal duties quietly, he said: "Every single time I've tried to do it privately there have been briefings and leakings and planting of stories against me and my wife. "You know, the family motto is 'never complain, never explain', but it's just a motto". The 38-year-old prince also discussed his belief that Buckingham Palace has leaked and planted stories about himself and his wife, Meghan Markle. He told the CNN anchor: "They will feed or have a conversation with the correspondent.  "And that correspondent will literally be spoon-fed information and write the story. And at the bottom of it they will say that they've reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment. "But the whole story is Buckingham Palace commenting. "So when we're being told for the last six years, 'We can't put a statement out to protect you' but you do it for other members of the family.. it becomes.. there becomes a point when silence is betrayal." Suspicions have been raised about whether Meghan Markle will appear on Harry’s CBS special but so far, there has been no indication she will be involved.  