  On Monday, the White House announced that the Biden administration will end the national and public health emergencies response to COVID-19. The move will restructure the US Government's response to the virus and will end the flexibilities put in place for free Covid treatments and tests.   Donald Trump first declared Covid a national emergency almost three years ago on March 13 2020 and the emergency has been repeatedly extended by Joe Biden since he became president. The emergency response will be extended one final time to May 11 before it ends. In a statement, the White House said: “An abrupt end to the emergency declarations would create wide-ranging chaos and uncertainty throughout the health care system – for states, for hospitals and doctors’ offices, and, most importantly, for tens of millions of Americans.”    The announcement came at a time Republicans have brought two resolutions to the House of Representatives that bring the emergency to an immediate end. A senior Democrat aide told CNN that the White House decided to end the emergency as House Democrats were concerned about voting against the legislation without a plan from the Biden administration. They said: “Democrats were concerned about the optics of voting against Republicans winding down the public health emergency, absent an understanding of whether and how we intended to do so from the White House. “As soon as we saw this bill, it obviously concerns the White House. So, it was important for them to weigh in.” READ MORE: Love Island sickness tears through the villa  Before the announcement Tom Cole, a Republican from Oklahoma, accused President Joe Biden of extending the public health emergency unnecessarily. While introducing the bill calling for an end to the health emergency, he said: “The country has largely returned to normal, "Everyday Americans have returned to work and to school with no restrictions on their activities. "It is time that the government acknowledges this reality: the pandemic is over.” DON'T MISS:Trump is 'savvier' and a 'more difficult adversary', insider says [REPORT]GB News hotly debate if Harry and Meghan should attend coronation [REVEAL]Charles wants Harry to attend coronation to bring 'peace', says source [INSIGHT] Covid being declared a public health emergency allowed Americans to have access to Covid tests and vaccines at no cost. The cost of Covid vaccines is expected to rise significantly after the emergency ends and the federal government stops paying for them Both Pfizer and Morerna have said the prices for vaccines will likely rise to between $82 and $130 per dose. Jen Kates from the Kaiser Family Foundation, an organisation which analysis and polls healthcare policy, said: “People will have to start paying some money for things they didn’t have to pay for during the emergency. “That’s the main thing people will start to notice.”