Taking on the role of Ellie, former Game of Thrones star Bella Ramsey will soon be swapping White Walkers for the flesh-eating “Infected” in HBO’s The Last of Us. The adaptation of the world-famous video game will undoubtedly hook viewers as Ellie teams up with fellow survivor Joel (played by Pedro Pascal) in their mission for survival and it sounds like it’s not just the characters who formed lifelong bonds. Ramsey took to the sofa on Jimmy Kimmel Live earlier this week to delve into the details of her stint on the show. And in doing so, Ramsey was full of praise for her co-lead Pascal, even joking she’d become “unhealthily attached” to her colleague. Kicking off the discussion about HBO’s newest horror, Kimmel asked the actor: “Have you played the video game?” “No, I’m not a gamer,” Ramsey admitted. “If I don’t know what I’m doing it seems to work out for the best.” READ MORE: Blue Bloods sneak peek confirms major transformation for Erin She continued: “Even with acting, I don’t know what I do, it’s all terrifying.” The audience erupted into laughter and cheers as Ramsey confessed she was taking the role in her stride. “You haven’t played the video game,” a surprised Kimmel then interjected, “have you even seen the video game?” Ramsey confirmed she had watched “gameplay on YouTube” before she and Kimmel joked it was “the law” that successful shows need zombies. “Your co-star was Pedro Pascal…” Kimmel went on before being cut off by raucous applause from the studio audience. Ramsey even echoed the praise for her colleague as she added: “Woo!” The pair then joked about both their GOT characters being “squished” to their deaths in the HBO classic before Kimmel asked: “How attached are you to Pedro?” Paying tribute to their friendship and Pascal as a pal, Ramsey replied: “I’d say pretty attached, probably unhealthily attached to him.” DON'T MISS:Vikings Valhalla’s Freydis star rushed to hospital after injury on setOutlander's Young Ian star broke down in tears over Jamie Fraser scene1923 fans vent fury as Yellowstone prequel heads on early hiatus The pair’s chemistry will be there for all to see when the debut season of The Last of Us premieres on Sunday, January 15. The first instalment will debut on HBO in the USA on Sunday evening before arriving in the UK the following day. Sky Atlantic and NOW viewers will be able to simulcast The Last of Us at the same time as its broadcast in the USA at 2am. However, for those who don’t want to stay up late, it will then air again at 9pm on Monday, January 16. HBO has released the synopsis for episode one to set the stage for the rest of the series. It reads: “After a global pandemic destroys civilisation, a hardened survivor takes charge of a 14-year-old girl who may be humanity’s last hope.” So how will Joel and Ellie navigate this post-apocalyptic world they find themselves in? Fans will have to tune in each week to find out. The Last of Us airs Sundays on HBO in the USA and Mondays on Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK.