Boris Johnson should “keep his mouth shut” about US support for Ukraine, a Trump campaigner has said as the ex-Prime Minister prepares to meet with Republicans stateside. Johnson has shown steadfast support to the ex-Soviet state throughout the last 12 months, including since he was ousted from Number 10 last September. He will continue to voice his support for Ukraine by pressing Republicans in Washington over aid as Kyiv continues to fend off Russia’s assault. The 58-year-old is scheduled to speak at a private Republican club on Tuesday evening, according to pro-Ukraine Grand Old Party (GOP) Representative Joe Wilson. But a Trump campaign veteran has suggested the appearance risks falling on deaf ears. He told Express.co.uk: “As far as I’m concerned, as a Republican, and I think as a lot of conservatives are concerned, Boris Johnson might need to take a hint from his country and his party and just keep his mouth shut.” Senator Todd Young said the ex-Prime Minister would also meet with Republicans from the upper chamber at a separate event. JUST IN: Trump's bid gets off to 'unusual' start as GOP holds out for rivals The Trump campaign insider, who claimed America did not have the funds to support Kyiv, added: “It is not good fiscal policy, or any other type of policy, for us to continue engaging in a proxy war with Russia.” Other leading Republicans have also called for Congress to cut support for Ukraine. Republican Representative Andy Biggs previously said: “No more blank checks to Ukraine.” READ MORE: Trump more 'angry and committed' than ever as ex-POTUS kickstarts bid   GOP hardliners, including Lauren Boebert and Matt Gaetz, even remained seated when Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky received a standing ovation in Washington last month. However, a former Johnson adviser stressed the ex-Prime Minister could still influence politicians around the world due to his “world-leading support” for the ex-Soviet state. The former aide told Express.co.uk: “Despite not being Prime Minister, Boris hasn’t let up and he is recognised all over the world as someone who cares deeply, deeply, deeply about Ukraine. “What is very special about what Boris is doing is that this is one of the most important issues and crises of the day and Boris absolutely has that weight and track-record on this issue to move the dial on things.” DON'T MISS:Trump slams 'disloyal' DeSantis as ex-POTUS kickstarts 2024 campaignTrump warns US on 'brink' of WW3 as ex-POTUS hits campaign trail in SCTrump 'promising things he can't deliver' as GOP insider predicts loss Despite leaving Downing Street last September, Johnson returned to Kyiv last week and also visited the war-struck towns of Bucha and Bordoyanka. He also recently told the BBC that Putin threatened to kill him with a missile, a claim the Kremlin rejected, accusing him of lying. Express.co.uk has approached Johnson’s office for comment.