David Carrick was known as "the bastard" or "Bastard Dave" after it emerged Scotland Yard failed to suspend him despite nine incidents, including allegations of rape, that had come to police attention over two decades. The Metropolitan Police has condemned what it has described as the "appalling criminal actions of a serving officer". Carrick appeared at Southwark Crown Court earlier today and entered guilty pleas to false imprisonment, indecent assault and four counts of rape. At a previous hearing at the Old Bailey on December 13, he had pleaded guilty to 43 offences including 20 counts of rape, and further counts of controlling and coercive behaviour and sexual assault. He was remanded in custody and will be sentenced at a hearing to take place at Southwark Crown Court, which will begin on February 6. But for the nine incidents that came to police attention between 2000 and 2021 - eight of which involved alleged women victims - the court heard 48-year-old constable faced no criminal sanctions or misconduct findings. In 2021, he passed vetting procedures to join the Met - despite allegations of malicious communications and burglary against an ex-partner the previous year. Carrick was accused of harassment and assault against a former partner while still in his probationary period in 2002. However, this was never referred to the Directorate of Professional Standards. Between 2002 and 2008, he was the the subject of five complaints from members of the public, including rudeness, incivility and the use of force. Two of the incidents were acted on. In 2009, Carrick passed checks to become a firearms officer. This happened despite at least one further domestic incident involving the Met in 2004 and was re-vetted in 2017. That same year, he was spoken to by Thames Valley Police officers after being thrown out of a nightclub in Reading while drunk. Ten years later in 2019, he was given "words of advice" after being accused of grabbing a woman by the neck during a domestic incident, which had been investigated by Hertfordshire Constabulary. In 2021, he was placed on restricted duties after he was arrested on suspicion of rape in July of that year but these restrictions were lifted after the criminal probe was dropped two months later. Carrick has now admitted two charges of rape, two of sexual assault and one count of controlling and coercive behaviour in relation to the woman. He never returned to full duties at the Met after he was arrested over another rape allegation in October after another woman came forward. This investigation saw another dozen women make allegations against him. Many said they had been scared to speak out against him because of his position. Carrick was never the subject of any complaints from his police colleagues but following his arrests, some officers said he was known as "the bastard" or "Bastard Dave" because he was "mean and cruel". The Met insisted it is confident Carrick would not have passed vetting procures to join the force today. The Met also acknowledged sufficient intelligence checks were not carried out when he was re-vetted eight years later in 2017 and that he was not vetted again after he was arrested for rape in July 2021. The only time a full review was seemingly carried out was when Carrick was arrested in October 2021. Assistant Commissioner Barbara Gray, the Met’s lead for Professionalism, said: “On behalf of the Metropolitan Police, I want to apologise to the women who have suffered at the hands of David Carrick. "I commend their outstanding bravery in coming forward and reporting the horrific crimes they were victims of. Carrick is a prolific, serial sex offender who preyed on women over a period of many years, abusing his position as a police officer and committing the most horrific, degrading crimes. "He has devastated women’s lives. He has had a devastating impact on the trust and confidence of women and girls that we are working so hard to earn. He has devastated colleagues. "He used the fact he was a police officer to control and coerce his victims. We know they felt unable to come forward sooner because he told them they would not be believed. We should have spotted his pattern of abusive behaviour and because we didn’t, we missed opportunities to remove him from the organisation. "We are truly sorry that Carrick was able to continue to use his role as a police officer to prolong the suffering of his victims. I would also like to recognise the work of the Hertfordshire Constabulary officers whose thorough investigation has meant Carrick’s victims have been spared the further ordeal of a trial." 