A 22-year-old man was sent down for two years at Liverpool Crown Court after brutally beating his heavily pregnant girlfriend. Luke Woods, of Billinge Crescent, admitted assault occasioning actual bodily harm during a previous hearing. Appearing via video link to HMP Altcourse on Friday, he was given a custodial sentence by Judge David Aubrey KC. Lauren Jackson, who was 30 weeks pregnant at the time of the attack, was out celebrating her sister's birthday just before Christmas on December 6. While out partying, she received a number of calls from Mr Woods, her boyfriend. Initially refusing his repeated requests to meet up, Ms Jackson finally relented and went to a rendezvous with him at a place close to Fosters Park in St Helens. It was then that Mr Woods, of Billings Crescent, "without warning" punched his partner in the face, knocking her to the ground in the process. He subsequently ran off, leaving his heavily pregnant girlfriend lying on the ground in agony. When she finally got back to her feet, Ms Jackson made her way back to her sister's. She was taken to hospital to receive treatment to a 2cm cut to her upper lip, which required stitches and has left her with a permanent facial scar. Mr Woods has a previous conviction for the manslaughter of a 65-year-old pensioner in 2017. Len Saunders, a charity worker, was viciously assaulted by the then 17-year-old Mr Woods. After asking the pensioner for a cigarette, Mr Woods punched him in the face, causing Mr Saunders to fall to the ground and hit his head hard against the pavement. The 65-year-old was rushed to hospital, where he died nine days later from his severe head injuries. Mr Woods was sent to a young offenders’ institute for four years and four months after pleading guilty to the killing. READ MORE: Man charged more than £200k for selling home with Japanese knotweed On Friday, Louise McCloskey, defending, told the court that her client had an "impulsivity and an inability to control his emotions". She added: "Addressing these difficulties is something which needs to happen. He has expressed genuine remorse. "He has concerning antecedents in his history and comes before the court in a case in which a single blow caused serious injury to someone he has been in a relationship with. "He is doing what he can to recognise the problems he has and trying to address them. "While in custody, he intends to become a better person. He wants to be not just a father who is in his child's life, but a positive role model. "The prospect of becoming a father for the first time has forced reflection on him and a willingness to change. He shows some hope." DON'T MISS 'Obsessed' woman 'paid hitman £20,000 to kill workmate', jury hears [NEWS]Mum who murdered her little boy told she can't appeal her conviction [SPOTLIGHT]Rapist stranger forced woman into sex after threat to kill date [REVEAL] Sentencing, Judge Aubrey KC said: "Your impulsivity and the fact you are unable to control your emotions meant that you did precisely what you did. "There was a disagreement - it matters not what that disagreement was - and you punched your victim in the face once only. "But that resulted in her falling to the ground and sustaining what can only be described as a nasty injury which may require some plastic surgery. "You do not expect to receive any mercy and describe yourself as acting like an animal - that is an apt description. "It is apparent that, since you have been remanded into custody, you are realising that you have these issues and you must do something about them. "Had it not been for this insight into your offending, the court would have been minded to impose an indeterminate sentence. But the court has come to the conclusion that it can stand back from imposing such a sentence."