Glass Onion is now officially the third-biggest original film in Netflix history. It doesn't just subvert the classic James Bond image of Daniel Craig in swimming trunks by having his new character enter a swimming pool fully clad in a blue and white striped shirt and jaunty yellow neckerchief. In fact, that ensemble may be a clue to the bigger picture. 007 is the most notorious ladykiller in cinema history. Benoit Blanc, it turns out is much more interested in the lads. And his husband has real licence to thrill. Craig's performance as wonderfully mannered, eccentric private investigator Benoit Blanc has delighted fans and critics (and his fellow stars) since the original Knives Out movie. Director Rian Johnson said this time around: "I knew he would bring incredible acting chops to it and I knew he would make it funny… I think he has a lot of fun swinging for the fences and you can see him sinking his teeth into it on screen." Craig's co-star Ed Norton said: "It was very hard to keep a straight face when Daniel was doing his thing," while Janelle Monae added: "When he is becoming Detective Blanc he goes into a different energy." One of the defining parts is Blanc's uniquely broad Southern accent, about which the actor said: "About three months before we started shooting I started working on it again. I did two or three days a week with my vocal coach." Apart from all the famous co-stars who are part of the man plot, which also includes Dave Bautista, Ethan Hawke and Kate Hudson, there was another shock A-lister who appeared in a couple of startling cameo scenes. In the first film absolutely nothing was known about Blanc’s home life. The sequel shows him lounging in a bath and also reveals that he is living in a very fancy New York apartment with a large terrace overlooking Central Park. There is also a male voice in the background which is the first clue that the detective is living with a man. DON'T MISSDonald Sutherland's affair with huge star 'The most beautiful breasts'Elvis went on Frank Sinatra's show and slept with his fiancéeGreta Garbo Marlene Dietrich 60-year feud: 'Secret lovers' The relationship is made clear when his partner, Philip, appears at the front door in a kitchen apron. But the real joy of it all is that his husband is played by none other than British icon Hugh Grant. The relationship is made clear when Benoit's partner, Philip, appears at the front door in a kitchen apron. But the real joy of it all is that his husband is played by none other than British icon Hugh Grant. Previously, Craig and Johnson have both talked about Blanc being gay and now Grant himself has spoken up about the delightful cameo. Although Philip could just be a roommate or houseguest, Johnson made it very clear when he was asked if Blanc is gay: "Yes, he obviously is." And talking about Grant's character, he added: "There’s nobody in the world I can imagine in bringing me more joy for Benoit Blanc to be with." The director added: "It just made sense to Daniel and me. We didn’t want to be coy or cute about it." Grant himself said: "It is true, I'm married to James Bond. It's the tiniest little moment. I don't really know why they wanted to do it but anyway, I thought Knives Out 1 was brilliant, and so yeah, I thought why not? I turn up for a few hours…" And Craig was even more open about the situation. Craig said of the relationship to NME: "It was something that seemed right. You know; look who he lives with – who wouldn’t want to live with that person?" The star also told the Sunday Times: "You are supposed to reflect life. And that [same-sex] relationship reflects people in my life,’ he said of the reveal in Glass Onion. The James Bond actor continued on to say that the reveal felt "normal. We don’t make a song and dance out of it. It just feels right."