Visceral fat is a ticking time bomb. Lurking deep inside your belly, the fat can hike your risk of health problems, ranging from diabetes to dementia. Therefore, it’s imperative to stamp visceral fat out. Fortunately, one sweet drink might be able to come to the rescue. Considered dangerous, visceral fat can release toxic chemicals, triggering inflammation in your body’s tissues. Unlike the jiggly fat you can see underneath your skin, visceral fat can’t be prodded. While you might not be able to see it, the fat needs to be kept in check to avoid health problems. According to research, published in the Journal of Oleo Science, an apple drink could help burn visceral fat in weeks. READ MORE: 'I thought my symptoms were menopause': Woman, 36, shares unusual bowel cancer signs  The research team looked at the effects of polyphenols found in apples on subjects with different weights. In case you aren’t aware, polyphenols describe natural plant compounds that can be found in fruits and vegetables. These plant goodies are known for their disease-fighting mechanisms as well as their ability to reduce inflammation and your risk of heart disease. Looking at 124 participants in total, the researchers compared subjects, ranging from “moderately underweight” to “moderately obese”.  The participants were divided into two groups, with one group being able to enjoy the apple drinks and the other consuming beverages without polyphenols. They were also instructed to consume the drinks each day for 12 weeks first, followed by a regimen of strong doses enjoyed only for four weeks. The apple drink group consumed beverages with 600 milligrams of polyphenols. When it comes to the amount of the actual drink, they were given 340 grams each day at first, with the dose being tripled in the second part of the trial. READ MORE: Covid 'Kraken' variant is ripping through the UK – symptoms of the disease After eight weeks of the apple drink protocol, the researchers started to notice a difference in the visceral fat area. The long-term intake of the polyphenol-rich beverage was able to “significantly” decrease the levels of belly fat in participants. However, the study reported these effects were only observed in those that started the study with more visceral fat. The team explained there was “no significant change in the visceral fat area of subjects in the apple group that started with a normal visceral fat area”. Plus, these same benefits weren’t observed in the group that was drinking the placebo beverage. One of the reasons why apples could help with weight loss is their pectin content. Pectin is a type of fibre that is broken down slowly in your body, making you feel full for longer. This type of fibre also binds with water and limits the amount of fat your cells can absorb. What’s more, the study didn’t come across any clinical problems in the blood examinations or physical examinations in the apple group.