The professional comper from Brighton won more than £17,000 worth of prizes in 2022, which works out at £46.57 per hour if she was paid a salary. Here she shares some of her top secrets, learned after years of entering competitions. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, blogger Di Coke explained how she first began entering competitions in the late 1990s because she wanted to go to festivals but couldn’t afford the tickets. More than 20 years later and she’s turned her hobby into her job, earning a living out of entering competitions and sharing her secrets on her blog Superluckyme. Di explains: “I was keen to go to music festivals but wasn’t earning much money, so I started entering postcard competitions in NME and Q Magazine. “I won loads of Glastonbury and Reading tickets, plus VIP backstage passes for my friends.” READ MORE: Savings account where you can get 'top' interest rate of 4.5% Di still loves going to music festivals but also enjoys holidays - especially when they're free - she's been to Iceland, New York and Japan and hasn’t had to fork out a penny. A huge highlight of the last year was winning cash prizes of £1,000 and £2,000 which she is putting towards a dream family trip to South Korea. She explained: “These days I spend about an hour a day entering competitions, but I focus on effort-based, local, Instagram and purchase necessary competitions where there’s a higher chance of winning. “Sometimes it feels like competitions have taken over my life, but it’s incredibly rewarding to help people win their dream prizes - as well as occasionally win my own dream prizes too." DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis fan saves £2,400 a year on energy bills - check now [ALERT]Turned £1,000 into £9’ - Savers lose billions as top Isa funds crash [WARNING]Mental health issues lose Britons £8,400 in earning [INSIGHT] Di has already tried and tested the best tricks when it comes to winning and doesn’t mind sharing her tips with others. She said: “A good tip is to be active on TikTok and Instagram, follow your favourite brands and engage with them - and also to be confident, have fun and not feel embarrassed about making a fool of yourself in your videos! “It doesn’t need to be a hobby where you sit at your laptop all day clicking boxes and filling online entry forms. “There are competitions on the radio, at events, in supermarkets - and lots of creative ways to win prizes.”   A former graphic designer, Di Coke gave up her previous job to enter competitions and blog full time. She said it’s better to enter competitions that require more effort that ask for a photo or video - because they will generally have less entries. “In 2022 I was pleased to win two big prizes – Glastonbury tickets and £500 – on TikTok. “Not many compers enter TikTok competitions so they are generally low entry, with nice prizes."   Di has some great tips for people who are new to comping: Di Coke has just published a new book called BootComp: 2023 comping planner and goal setter to help people replicate her comping success 