For if there is one thing I have in common with the Prince of Wales it is an intense dislike of being hugged by almost everyone (bar one or two notable exceptions), especially and above all, people I have not previously met. It is not the British way: we are a reserved people, despite the less than appealing antics of the younger generation on a Friday night. We shake hands, we don’t embrace a la Latin types and when we do double kiss each other, as I and all my friends do, we make sure that if there’s any lip to skin contact at all (not a given) it is brief and slight, to put it mildly. Leave wild and extravagant shows of affection to the more exuberant of the Europeans and their interesting shows of Continental togetherness; it’s not how we like to do things around here. We Brits have a deep suspicion of physical contact built into us. It’s nothing short of agony to be pressed up against anyone else on a crowded train; even seated too close to your neighbour at supper can be uncomfortable. They are, literally, invading our space. We Brits, of course, are used to doing exactly the opposite, namely invading other people’s spaces (or country, call it what you will) and I’ve often wondered if the Empire was created to free us from the strictures of having other people too close. Hugging goes along with other issues such as yoga, therapy and being barefoot; all espoused by the Sussexes and just too Californian for words. It goes along with end-less sunshine, not good old British rain and hail, and torn jeans (copyright: Meghan), not tweed suits and plus fours. An American once asked me if, had I met her, I would have hugged the Queen? I was almost too shocked to reply. For that’s the other thing about hugging: it puts you literally in the same space. The odd American or Australian, not understanding these things, might have actually physically touched the Queen, but the rest of us wouldn’t have dared. You can’t imagine hugging Margaret Thatcher, either, or Winston Churchill, or any of our truly great politicos. It would have been beneath their dignity and it would not have shown them the proper respect. So leave hugging to couples who are romantically involved with each other, the odd family member and the very occasional friend. Personally, if I saw Meghan heading, barefoot and jean-clad to hug me (unlikely, I know), I’d be out of there before you could say, “the poor man’s Edward and Mrs Simpson”. But hey, I’m a repressed Brit. What do I know? A couple more thoughts about Prince Harry’s never-ending whingefest. The first is that by some accounts he could be an absolute brat of a youngster and Princess Diana did nothing to stop it. Spare the rod, spoil the child, as they say. Secondly, given the fatuous nature of some of his complaints – Willy got a nicer bit of the bedroom suite with a bigger bed and a better view while poor Harold was forced to put up with whatever passes for slumming it at Balmoral – just how long is it going to be before Meghan realises that she’s married a complete loser? One of the few members of the Royal Family who still seems willing to speak to Prince Harry is Princess Eugenie. She has also displayed iron-clad loyalty to her father, Prince Andrew. Will this last? She might be feeling somewhat torn. Discussing in his book the fact that dear old Meghan asked if they would lose their security, Harry’s ghost writer says: “Not in the wake of my Uncle Andrew. “Despite being embroiled in a shameful scandal, accused of sexually assaulting a young girl, no one had even suggested removing his security. “People have had plenty of reasons to complain about us, sex crimes weren’t one of them.” Does this man’s stupidity really have no bounds? Film director Sam Mendes has said that “gender neutral” Oscars are inevitable in future Academy Awards. This is, of course, a nod to trans issues, especially after Emma Corrin, who played Princess Diana in The Crown, said that she identified as non-binary and hoped for the change to take place. Really? Mark my words, what this really means is that all awards will eventually go to men, however they choose to identify. South Korean scientists have created technology that will allow people who have died to live on in the form of avatars that interact with their grieving relatives. Hmmm. Quite apart from the fact that this could hold back the grieving process, it is said that we only truly become adults when our parents die. And much as I miss both my parents, it would possibly give me a fatal heart attack of my own if one of them suddenly appeared out of my computer and started lecturing me about how to live my life now!