Chelsea are reportedly edging closer to striking a deal to extend N’Golo Kante’s contract at Stamford Bridge, despite it being a risky move. The midfielder will become a free agent at the end of the season, with top European clubs keeping tabs on his situation. Kante has been a stalwart for the Blues since his arrival from Leicester City in 2016, making 185 appearances for the club. However, the past few seasons have been tricky for the 31-year-old and led to some questioning about where his future lies. The France international has been struggling with injuries that have forced him to spend extended spells on the sidelines, making only two Premier League appearances for the club this season. Kante is yet to feature under Graham Potter, denting his hopes of extending his stay at Stamford Bridge given that the former Brighton boss is keen to invest in his midfield options. But, according to Santi Aouna, the midfielder is close to extending his contract with Chelsea and has been offered a three-year deal. Kante currently earns almost £300,000-per-week at present, and it is believed that the Blues have offered him a wage ‘close’ to that. Given that Kante turns 32 in March, handing him such a significant contract is a major risk for the club. The midfielder has not been seen since August, over 180 days ago, and there are no guarantees that this won’t become a recurring issue given that he has faced several setbacks in his rehabilitation. Reports circulated that the player was keen to remain at Chelsea if possible, which begs the question, why were they unable to negotiate to pay him lower wages? Of course, Todd Boehly has arrived with cash to splash, but it could have a knock-on effect on future business and the contracts that can be offered to marquee signings. Chelsea have been linked with several midfielders over the past few weeks, with Potter desperate to bring in at least one reinforcement in the centre of the park before the transfer window closes. Benfica’s Enzo Fernandez was the top target, though the Blues do not appear willing to match his £106million release clause at this stage. The Argentina international is keen to make the move to the Premier League and has reportedly already agreed on a contract with the Blues. He was also dropped from the matchday squad to face Portomonense, sparking further speculation that his head is elsewhere.