Brits had better brace for extreme conditions this week as strong winds are expected to batter the north of the UK at the same time as a “snow bomb” is predicted to drop. A yellow weather warning for wind has been put in place for the whole of Scotland between 8pm on Tuesday and 9am on Wednesday as winds of up to 80mph are expected to sweep the country. Meteorologists said the extreme weather, caused by a deep area of low pressure passing to the north of Scotland, will likely cause strong winds in parts of northern England too. Meanwhile, maps from WXCharts suggest snow will likely fall in parts of the UK over the next few days. Freezing conditions persisted into this weekend, with a rare amber weather warning for cold weather concluding yesterday - having already been extended for a fourth time by the UK Health and Security Agency. But the new charts show a 50 to 70 percent chance of snow landing on northern parts of England on Tuesday and Wednesday, and an 80 to 95 percent chance of the same in Scotland. The more southern parts of the UK stands with roughly a 20 percent chance of snow. Jim Dale, from the British Weather Services, told Express.co.uk that February's outlook will depend on how the specific systems play out. He said: “Only stratospheric warming over the North Pole will keep us and other northern hemisphere countries in the wintry frame through February. The ‘fat lady’ is not yet singing.” Previously, he said that a chance in weather patterns was “looking likely at the start of December”. He said at the time: “If this happens, we are in a classic position to get a cold flow in from the east, and with that, snow, ice, and very cold winds. This is an indicator of a Beast from the East, and although it has not woken up fully yet, it is safe to say the beast is opening its eyes.” The Met Office has not officially forecast any snow for February. It said: "Changeable weather conditions are likely to bring rainfall, heavy at times, to the north and west. The south and east are expected to see some light rain or showers at times, interspersed with some drier and brighter periods." However, WXCharts warned a sudden stratospheric warming (SSW) - when the polar vortex weakens so air in the Arctic suddenly heats up, sending the freezing air south - was coming, and the Met Office’s Alex Deakin admitted this was a “possibility.” In a blog post, the Met Office wrote: “Well, a sudden stratospheric warming is underway, but only a minor one. The warming is expected to peak towards the end of January. The strong westerly winds high over the Arctic, called the stratospheric polar vortex, have weakened and the vortex is partially collapsing. READ MORE: Snow showers to lash parts of UK this weekend amid blizzard fears [REVEAL] “However, the polar vortex has been unusually strong so far this year and although there has been a minor SSW, the winds are expected to rebound quickly, recovering to speeds around normal for the time of year.” Travel in Scotland and northern England may be impacted by the severe winds, and power cuts may also occur. The Met Office said while gusts of up to 60mph are expected "fairly widely" across Scotland and northern England, there remains "uncertainty" on how the weather could affect Scotland's Central Belt. The stronger 80mph winds will "most likely" be felt over the north of mainland Scotland and the islands of Lewis and Orkney. Dan Stroud, an operational meteorologist at the Met Office said: "We are expecting a deep area of low pressure to pass to the north of Scotland late Tuesday and into Wednesday. It is likely to bring a spell of strong and gusty winds to much of Scotland and northern England. "The strongest winds will be across Scotland with gusts fairly widely up to 60mph and a risk of gusts reaching 80mph, most likely over the north of mainland Scotland, Lewis and Orkney."