Dreaming of sipping an Aperol spritz in an Italian square? It might not have the sunshine, but there’s one British destination that could come close to la vita bella. According to research from holiday home company, Willerby, there’s one Welsh destination that feels just like Italy. A spokesperson said: “Built by St Clough Williams-Ellis, the charming village of Portmeirion in North Wales wouldn’t look out of place in the Italian countryside. “The resemblance is uncanny, down to details like cobbled streets, a vibrantly coloured piazza, conical turrets and impressive facades.” Portmeirion is located in Gwynedd in North Wales and its similarity to an Italian village is no coincidence. READ MORE: Tenerife holiday warning as strict rules start tomorrow Sir Clough Williams-Ellis designed and built the village between 1925 and 1975 in the style of an Italian village. The colourful spot has been used as the location for several films and TV shows including in the 1960s show, The Prisoner. Williams-Ellis denied that he had based Portmeirion on Portofino in Italy, despite the resemblance between the two. The designer once said: “How should I not have fallen for Portofino? Indeed, its image remained with me as an almost perfect example of the man-made adornment and use of an exquisite site.” Portmeirion is now owned by a charitable trust and the majority of the buildings are used as holiday cottages or hotel rooms. Tourists can also visit the pretty village for the day but will need to pay an admission fee for entry. Portmeirion’s Town Hall is a Grade 1 listed building while the village has many architectural absurdities to look out for. Although it’s possible to visit the village in winter, tourists should be aware that some of the facilities may be closed. READ MORE: Cruise guest rages as passenger gets in pool ‘naked’ During the summer, the village has several cafes serving a range of cuisines as well as an Italian style gelateria. Children under five go free while guide or service animals are the only dogs permitted in the village. Portmeirion even has a subtropical forest which is a maze of secret gardens with rare flowers and towering trees. In the Japanese Garden, tourists can find a pagoda and a lily-covered lake while there are over 70 varieties of rhododendrons in the park. Tourists can head down to the village’s beach to walk the coastal path for stunning views of the mountain and coast. Visitors will need to check the high tide times as walking across the sands is dangerous on an incoming tide. The village even has a spa where tourists can indulge in a treatment or stay the night to enjoy the outdoor heated pool. Out of season tickets cost £10 for adults while tickets for children between the ages of 5-15 cost £5.