Better Call Saul and The Mandalorian star Giancarlo Esposito heads up an exciting new project for the streaming platform, which has a rather unconventional method of release. Set to drop on New Year’s Day, Kaleidoscope’s lead has now revealed why he believes viewers will be both challenged and rewarded by the gripping new Netflix drama. Giancarlo warned viewers they might be taken “out of their comfort zone” when they sit down to watch Netflix’s first offering for 2023. Releasing on January 1, the series will consist of seven episodes which can be watched in any order leading up to the finale. The series follows the Breaking Bad alum as master thief Leo Pap who leads his team on one of the most ambitious heists in history. “It was a hell of a show to make,” Giancarlo revealed ahead of Kaleidoscope’s release on Sunday. READ MORE: BBC could ‘warp Britain’ with ‘woke’ TV dramas, claims report “With Kaleidoscope, what turned me on is the idea that the heist just wasn’t one day, one heist, and then you got the cops trying to figure it out, or the heist people trying to get away and fence the money. “This took place over a period of time, so the story gets told over a period of time, and you get to see how the heist affected each person who took part in it.” Although Netflix is no stranger to experimental television, this is the first time one of their new series has been released without any set order. Each episode will follow one member of Leo’s team, revealing their role within the plan and how it’s affected them, before the heist is finally pulled off in episode eight. While Giancarlo is hoping subscribers will dive right into the series, he’s also aware Kaleidoscope will be something most of them have never experienced before. “I think it allows [viewers] not to be in their comfort zone,” he told TV Line. “When we watch things, we kind of have an idea of how it’ll turn out, how it’ll end, what’s going to happen, so I like the idea of being taken out of your comfort zone, because I think that allows you to be more attentive. “You’ve got to watch this thing closely, and I imagine you will, because little things happen which you don’t think might be clues, but are.” DON'T MISS:Ozark’s Jason Bateman changed Power star’s character [INSIGHT]P-Valley’s Mercedes star admits cast broke filming rules [INTERVIEW]The Witcher fans demand cancellation after ‘worst reviews ever’ [BACKLASH] “So, I think the randomized order allows your brain to be purposefully scrambled a bit, so that you’re paying more attention. “This is not a show where you’re going to get up and wash the dishes, do other things while you’re watching it. There’s so much to watch.” Although the first entries in the series might prove confusing, hopefully Leo’s scheme starts to come together once fans get more immersed in the eight-hour drama. Joining Giancarlo in the drama is You and Sabrina breakout Tati Gabrielle and Suicide Squad star Jai Courtney, plus Rufus Sewell, Paz Vega and Rosaline Elbay. Meanwhile, the iconic TV star has continued his domination over the small screen over the past year, which will only continue in 2023. “2022 was one of the busiest years, I have to say,” he said. “And going in 2023, I haven’t finished yet.” Giancarlo will also be appearing in BBC One’s new series Parish next year, and is also expected to return for more seasons of The Mandalorian, The Boys and Harley Quinn very soon. Kaleidoscope is available to stream on Netflix.