According to Karren Brady, Meghan Markle's attitude towards celebrating the memory of the late Queen Elizabeth II couldn't be more different from that of Kate Middleton. Denouncing Meghan as "self-obsessed", while claiming she is fixating on "old grievances", The Apprentice star added that Kate was an exemplary credit to the Royal Family.  "Kate dedicated her Together At Christmas carol service to the late Queen, ignoring the incessant whining from the Netflix branch of the family to celebrate Her Majesty’s values of 'kindness, compassion and support for others'," she wrote, delivering a scarcely disguised dig at Meghan and Prince Harry. Fans have been divided over the Duke and Duchess of Sussex since their six-hour long documentary series aired on Netflix, highlighting the "racism" Meghan faced while in the Royal Family and paparazzi harassment. However, Karren - who has been scathing about the Duchess of Sussex before in the past and is well-known for her frank opinions about her - had much fonder words for Kate. The outspoken businesswoman added that the Princess of Wales was totally "different to her self-obsessed sister-in-law". READ NOW: Dame Judi Dench wows hotel guests with unexpected musical performance "Meghan [is] still cashing in on old grievances and flogging her sense of victimhood," the exasperated Apprentice star exclaimed in her column for The Sun. In contrast, she praised Kate for settling into the shoes that she perceives Princess Diana struggled with during her reign. "She is a credit to William, but never tries to upstage him, and her relaxed parenting skills have produced what looks like three extremely balanced and happy children," she exclaimed after seeing how the family dealt with the Christmas Day Walkabout at Sandringham. She added that, thanks to Kate, she felt the future of the Royal Family was "secure". Harry and Meghan have dealt with plenty of opposition for their Netflix show, with actress Sue Holderness being one of the most recent to wade into the debate. Declaring herself a "profound royalist" - perhaps unsurprisingly, as Britain's most famous family are known to have loved her performances in Only Fools and Horses, even contacting the production company for advance copies of the episodes back in the day - she echoed Karren and said Kate "hadn't put a foot wrong". She suggested in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk that Meghan was mistaken, and argued that the royals aren't "remotely racist". During the pair's Netflix documentary, Harry suggested that the family has "unconscious bias". DON'T MISS... Megan Fox spills out of top as she says she's 'seeking a girlfriend [PICTURES] James Jordan's wife Ola says he's no 'misogynist' over weight comments [DEBATE] Bill Bailey claims Jeremy Clarkson 'deserved kicking' over Meghan [OPINION] Ngozi Fulani, the founder of London-based charity Sistah Space, complained on social media that Lady Susan Hussey had asked her where she came from during a Palace reception. She claimed that when she said her charity was based in Hackney, Queen Elizabeth's former lady in waiting had pressed the point and asked where she was "really from", in a reference to her ancestry. Susan resigned from her position after Ngozi stated that she'd felt upset by their encounter, while the royals made a public apology to her. "They hope that their example shows a path to resolution can be found with kindness, co-operation and the condemnation of discrimination wherever it takes root," an official statement from Buckingham Palace read. However, this reportedly led to Harry and Meghan seeking an apology too, having previously said they'd felt distressed when an unnamed member of the Royal Family had speculated over what skin colour their firstborn child Archie might have. It comes as Jeremy Clarkson also sparked backlash with his The Sun column by claiming he'd like to see Meghan paraded through the streets naked and pelted with excrement. It turned out to be the most complained about column in IPSO history. His daughter, Emily Clarkson, was among those who insisted his words were an example of "misogyny".