Vikings Valhalla returned to Netflix for season two and it saw Freydis (played by Frida Gustavsson) embrace her role as Keeper of the Faith. She quickly became a breakout star in the historical drama with fans keen to find out more about her personal life. The 29-year-old started off her career as a model after she was headhunted whilst at an IKEA store. In 2008 she moved to Japan to pursue modelling and has taken to the catwalk for many huge fashion brands. The star began her acting career in 1998 when she starred in the series När karusellerna sover. She went on to play Geralt's mother in The Witcher in 2019, and featured in The Inspector and the Sea. The actress has been married twice, recently tieing the knot again in 2022. READ MORE: Vikings Valhalla’s Leo Suter teases Harald becoming king  She was married to Hjalmar Rechlin from 2015 until 2017 and he is known for being a famous Swedish photographer. The photographer is based in Stockholm and his Instagram account still features photos of Frida. The actress is now married to Marcel Engdahl, an actor, and the pair tied the knot in September 2022. Her husband, a Swedish model and actor, appeared in the 2015 short film titled Female Fantasy. His mother is a renowned Swedish scholar while his father is a member of the Swedish Academy. Marcel is one of three sons in the academic family, but he chose to pursue a career in the arts. The Cinemaholic said he worked as an assistant director at Belenius art gallery in Sweden in 2017 when he first met Frida. He then turned his attention to music and works as a label manager for Northern Electronics. DON'T MISS... Vikings Valhalla's Frida Gustavsson addressed filming switch [INTERVIEW] Vikings Valhalla's Pechenegs explained as new enemies are introduced [EXPLAINER] Vikings Valhalla fans slam Freydis’ ‘pointless’ storyline [DISCUSSION] After their wedding, Frida share a video of the pair walking hand in hand down the aisle as they were showered with confetti. Another loved-up photo showed Marcel kissing his wife on the streets of Sweden. Frida and Marcel made their first public appearance after her split from Hjalmar, but she never mentioned her engagement. Instead, she surprised her Instagram followers with photos of her wedding. Alongside the video she wrote the caption: "I love you always forever" with a heart emoji. Frida will return as Freydis for a third season of Vikings Valhalla, which is expected to air in 2024. Discussing her character's journey in season two, she told E News: "I don't just fight, I fight while pregnant and wearing a dress. "I worked really closely with Susan O'Connor Cave, our wonderful costume designer, and we broke down the entire arc of the season of how far along is she in the pregnancy. "It really shifted my center of balance and made me have learn how to fight again." Vikings Valhalla season 2 is on Netflix