However, a week on from the release of Prince Harry's bombshell memoir, the Prince and Princess of Wales's popularity seems to have taken a plunge. In his memoir, Harry documents some explosive claims against some members of the Royal Family, including that his elder brother, Prince William physically attacked him in 2019, causing physical injuries. Since the book, titled Spare, was released on January 10, William's ratings have plunged eight percentage points, according to Ipsos Mori. Harry's ratings have reportedly dropped seven points. The brothers' wives' ratings have also been revealed. The Duchess of Sussex has dropped five points and The Princess of Wales has lowered seven points. Since the release of Spare, the Royal Family stepped out for their usual royal engagements, seemingly ignoring the drama going on behind the scenes. The Prince of Wales visited the London hub of Depaul UK on Thursday morning, an organisation the late Princess of Wales visited on three occasions in the 1990s as part of her work to end the homelessness crisis. The goal of the organisation is to support young people experiencing homelessness or insecure housing. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice back to work just days after Harry's book release During his visit, William heard about the services offered by Depaul UK from its staff as well as both people the organisation is currently assisting and those who had received help in the past. The royal is the patron of homelessness charities The Passage and Centrepoint and often pays them public and private visits. Kate, the Princess of Wales, appeared in high spirits as she hosted a reception for England's wheelchair rugby league team at Hampton Court Palace. Prince William's wife was all smiles as she arrived at the Palace and appeared unbothered by a recent poll suggesting the popularity of both the Prince and Princess of Wales have dipped in the wake of the release of Prince Harry's memoir.  A total of 53 percent said they felt favourable towards the Royal Family, with 51 percent towards the King. Despite the recorded decrease, the Prince and Princess of Wales still remain the most popular royals. Almost 70 percent think that Prince William, who is next in line to the throne, will be a good King. However, Prince Harry's book appears to have had little impact on the reputation of the Royal Family overall. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry has done more damage to Royal Family than Andrew - poll (POLL)POLL – Should UK cities hold a vote on rented e-scooter ban? (POLL)'Vindictive' Harry should 'stay put' in US as UK poll deals fresh blow (REVEAL) Harry's book was first announced in July 2021, but wasn't released until 18 months later. The title, Spare, refers to the common phrase, "The heir and the spare" or "the spare to the heir", which is used to describe the monarch and their sibling. Prince Harry has since opened up, particularly in a host of interviews which accompanied the book release, about their sibling rivalry. The Royal Family are yet to comment on the book release. During a royal visit to Royal Liverpool Hospital last week, William and Kate both ignored questions about it.