Nasty smells in washing machines can be caused by a combination of things from mould to mildew and bacteria. When clothes are put in the machine, body oil, dirt, hair and other scum get trapped in parts of the machine like the seal, gasket and detergent dispenser. This can cause unpleasant smells to build up over time, especially if wet clothes are left for long periods of time in the machine. Luckily, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their simple solution for banishing unpleasant smells from washing machines. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. READ MORE: Interior designer says common home layout is 'officially' out On one such group, Facebook user Zuzanna Garbalinska asked: “Help! Two loads of laundry have come out smelling horrible. “The first load, I stupidly paused it on the wash cycle as I was trying to watch TV and the machine was too loud. I then forgot and left it there overnight. Then I unpaused [it] in the morning. “So I wasn’t surprised it smelled bad. But I washed the clothes normally but they have the same smell. “After the first load I cleaned the machine with vinegar inside the drum and washed out the detergent tray. I don’t know what else I can do.” DON'T MISSMould will ‘vanish’ from bathroom sealant and grout with 95p spray [INSIGHT]Banish toilet limescale ‘effectively’ without harsh chemicals [UPDATE]Four bathroom decor choices to avoid - can look ‘cheap’ and ‘messy’ [ANALYSIS] The post was flooded with responses but the most suggested method was to use a dishwasher tablet to banish the smell. Carole Caldicott said: “I have in the past put a dishwasher tablet in it and run it at the highest temperature. “Also, check your filter and before running it take a cloth and a little Cif and go around the rim inside by the drum and in the folds. Then run at the highest temperature!” Diana R Selling replied: “Put a dishwasher tablet inside the drum for a full cycle hot wash and it will be spotless.” READ MORE: I cleaned my entire washing machine for under £1 - photos Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Janine Bayne wrote: “I was told by a washing machine repair guy to put it on a hot wash with a dishwasher tablet.” Many households already have dishwasher tablets for running their dishwasher. However, if you don’t have any, they can be bought relatively cheaply online or from a local supermarket. Wilko All in One Dishwasher Tablets cost £3 for 40, working out at 8p per tablet. Tesco All-in-One Dishwasher Tablets cost £3.65 for 40. Sainsbury's All in One Dishwasher tablets cost £3 for a pack of 30. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans for removing unpleasant smells from washing machines included using bleach, soda crystals, Dettol washing machine cleaner, to leave the door open and to use less detergent. Daphne Chen said: “I run a hot wash with liquid bleach. Remove the detergent dispenser, leave the door open between washes. “Also, wipe the door seal inside to remove any remaining orders once the hot bleach wash has finished.” Halema Pink replied: “Put soda crystals in with every wash.” Kathy Picton suggested: “Dettol washing machine cleaner.” Mel M Curling Surridge commented: “I use soda crystals on a hot wash when it needs a hygiene wash.” Viv Lerner wrote: “Leave the door open and powder drawer open when [it’s] not in use.” Sofia Bagas replied: “I had my machine repaired a while back and the repair man said we should not use as much washing powder/liquid as the instructions indicate. “The machine gets clogged with detergent residue and starts to smell and so do your clothes. Use only half. “I run a very hot wash with nothing in it if I feel it’s a bit stinky. You may notice the suds during the main wash even though you haven’t added any detergent. Works for me every time.”