Emma Raducanu raced to an opening win at the Australian Open to set up a blockbuster clash with fellow superstar Coco Gauff. The British No.1 dispelled worries about an ankle injury she suffered in Auckland by thrashing world No.76 Tamara Korpastch 6-3 6-2 in only 85 minutes. But the former US Open champion faces a sterner task in the second round against in-form French Open finalist Gauff. Raducanu played the first match of the opening Grand Slam of the season on the 3000-seat 1573 Arena - the fifth biggest court in Melbourne Park - at 11am local time. Wearing a brightly coloured skirt based on Aboriginal art, the British No.1 quickly looked at home as she broke her German opponent in the first game of a rollercoaster first set. Raducanu immediately gave the break back to love after starting her opening service game with a fault before breaking Korpatsch again. It took 15 minutes for the Bromley-based star to hold a service game to lead 3-1. The German drew the match level at 3-3 before a Raducanu forehand winner in the crucial seventh game gave her a third break. And she took her first set point at 3-5 after 39 minutes when Korpatsch send a forehand long. The opening set saw six breaks of serve in nine games. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios risks trouble with law by riding scooter without helmet   Raducanu started the second set strongly to lead 3-1 and survived a stumble in the fourth game before Korpatsch slipped on the baseline on a break point in her favour. The German let out a scream of frustration after she slapped a backhand into the net to lose the game. The overcast conditions still saw the heat slowly built and Raducanu asked for ice bags at the break at 4-1 and used an on-court cooling device before Korpatsch served to stay in the match at 2-5. DON'T MISSAndy Murray gives frank take on Netflix Break Point seriesNadal retires and Djokovic history as Zverev brothers make predictionsJack Draper sent Rafael Nadal warning as Norrie makes 'mad' prediction And the world No.77 took her second match point in the following game to make a mockery of the rankings when the world No.76 pushed another forehand over the baseline. Gauff played the first match of the event in the Rod Laver Arena against Czech Katerina Siniakova and raced to the first, The American teenager trailed 4-2 in the second set before 6-1 6-4. “I was super honoured to open up this court for the tournament,” she said.