Tyson Fury’s US promoter, Bob Arum, has confirmed that Fury vs Oleksandr Usyk will likely take place in the Middle East as a deal edges closer for the undisputed fight. British fans had hoped that the four-belt shoot-out would be heading to Wembley Stadium after it was confirmed the historic venue was a backup option if the fight couldn’t be staged overseas. However, it appears that won’t be the case with Arum confident that they will receive the most money from foreign investors. Saudi Arabia is believed to be the frontrunner to lay host having recently penned a deal to hold Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury in the capital city of Riyadh on February 26. And Arum is expecting the oil-rich nation to do the same for Tommy’s older brother. “When we see the money then we’ll go where it is,” Arum told talkSPORT. “Now, if the money isn’t really there, which I don’t believe, I really believe it is, then we’ll make our own money in Wembley. But right now it looks like we’re going to make a deal in the Middle East where the money is for the fight because the one thing with boxers and every athlete is they have limited lifespans as far as their career. It’s not like a non-participant like me who can do this c*** till he’s past 90, a boxer can’t do that, an athlete can’t do that.” This latest update comes just days after boxing insider Mike Coppinger claimed that the fight was more likely to be heading to Wembley. “This fight was headed to Saudi Arabia," he told ESPN+. "Now it could be headed to England, which means less money in the pot for everybody, and Tyson Fury wants a lot of money to fight Usyk regardless of what he said in the past that it wasn’t about money, that he’d fight for free, but this is prizefighting, after all. MORE BOXING NEWS... Beterbiev digs deep to stagger and stop Yarde in instant classic British Mike Tyson Itauma on course to break icons record with big KO Fury and Ngannou 'make contact' as date teased for blockbuster clash   “They have to figure this out, and it’s looking like it’s heading to Wembley Stadium in London in late April, which is a better site for the fight. You can get 90,000 to 100,000 packed in there. Tyson Fury is a huge star, but they’ve got to figure this money problem right now. They’ve gone to the Usyk side to get some money from there, and it’s not worked out, of course.” Regardless of the location, all parties involved are on board with the deal and an official announcement is expected to be made in the coming days. The fight is being targeted for sometime between March and April. 