Arthritis and other joint conditions are common in the UK, affecting more than 10 million people. Depending on what type of condition you have you could be left with painful, swollen joints and reduced mobility. This can worsen in the winter months as cold conditions can exacerbate aches and pains. Not only does colder weather impact our bodies in this way it can also limit the amount of outdoor exercise we are able to do. Research conducted by We Are Undefeatable, in alliance with Versus Arthritis and other organisations, revealed that 73 percent of people living with a long-term health condition feel their physical activity is limited during winter due to the weather. With this in mind, charity Versus Arthritis stipulated the importance of exercise throughout the year to ease arthritis symptoms. Knees are one of the most commonly affected joints when it comes to arthritis - especially osteoarthritis.  READ MORE: Expert calls to extend winter school holidays to ease flu crisis To prevent knees becoming worse over the winter, Versus Arthritis shared eight exercises you can perform at home. Sit back in your chair, with a straight back. Straighten and raise one of your legs. Hold for a slow count to 10, then slowly lower your leg. Repeat 10 times with each leg. Lie down on your back with a rolled-up towel under the ankle of your leg. Bend the other leg at the knee. Use the muscles of your straight leg to push the back of your knee firmly towards the bed or the floor. Hold for a slow count of five. Repeat at least five times with each leg. This exercise helps to prevent your knee from becoming permanently bent. Try to do this at least once a day when lying down.  Sit on the floor with your legs stretched out straight in front of you. Slowly bend one knee up towards your chest, sliding your foot along the floor, until you feel a stretch. Hold for five seconds. Straighten your leg as far as you can and hold this position for five seconds. Repeat 10 times with each leg. If you can't get down onto the floor, sit on a sofa and use a board or tea tray as a surface to slide your foot along. You can do this on the floor or lying in bed. Bend one leg at the knee. Hold your other leg straight and lift your foot just off the floor or bed. Hold for a slow count of five, then lower. Repeat five times with each leg every morning and evening.  READ MORE: Woman, 53, couldn't work for months suffering myalgia and breathlessness due to long Covid Step onto the bottom step of stairs with your right foot. Bring up your left foot, then step down with your right foot, followed by your left foot. Hold on to the bannister if necessary. Repeat with each leg until you can't do any more. Rest for one minute and then repeat this another two times. As you improve, use a higher step, or take two at a time. Sit on a chair. Without using your hands for support, stand up and then sit back down. Make sure each movement is slow and controlled. Repeat until you can't do any more. Rest for one minute then repeat another two times. Sit on the floor, sofa or bed, with your legs stretched straight out in front of you. Put a rolled-up towel under one knee.  Push down on the towel as if straightening your knee. Pull your toes and foot towards you, so that you feel your calf muscles stretch, and so that your heel lifts off the floor. Hold for five seconds, then relax for five seconds. Do this 10 times, then repeat the exercise with the other leg. Sit on the edge of a table, seat or bed and cross your ankles. Push your front leg backwards and back leg forwards against each other until your thigh muscles become tense. Hold this for as long as you can, then relax. Rest for one minute and then repeat another two times. Switch legs and repeat. 