Australian Open security stepped in to kick out three rowdy spectators showing their support for Cameron Norrie after the trio were making too much noice in the stands for his second-round match. Norrie was in a tough contest against Constant Lestienne before the No 11 seed began getting the better of his opponent in the first set. After saving three break points on his own serve at 3-3, Norrie immediately made the Frenchman pay by taking advantage in the very next game. At that point, there was loud support for Norrie in the stands with chants of 'Enger-land' drowning out everyone else in the proximity. The rowdy atmosphere clearly frustrated Lestienne, who began to show his anger on the court. The Frenchman was given a harsh time violation by the match umpire while serving to stay in the set with the supporters beginning to target him. He shook his head in disgust and played a nonchalant underarm serve straight into the net in response. Lestienne then lost his head even further when, facing set point, he attempted an outrageous tweener lob, which Norrie smashed home to take the first set. During the interval, the rowdy fans began to chant "Constant's going home" as well as "You're just a s*** Andy Murray". The match umpire soon got up out of her seat to go over to security standing by with the fans soon escorted out of the stands. Lestienne was off the court as this was going on with Norrie still sitting in his chair. The three male spectators didn't kick up a fuss when they were asked to leave the stands. But they refused to leave quietly, downing their beers and singing "he's going home" as they sauntered out of the arena. Their antics even drew a few laughs from other spectators sitting in the stands for Norrie's match. However, most appeared to be happy for the trio to be kicked out with many fans clapping once they left. Lestienne eventually returned to the court after several minutes away and exchanged some words with the umpire. And the break away from the rowdy atmosphere clearly helped Lestienne clear his head as he soon broke Norrie at the start of the second set. The British No 1 immediately broke back, but Lestienne took back control a few games later. 