The Masked Singer is the bizarre musical guessing game where anyone could be behind the masks. Last weekend saw all eight remaining contestants perform for the first time with another character sent packing by the end of the night. Phoenix was saved by the live audience after his rendition of the classic Elton John hit. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Masked Singer.The Masked Singer viewers and panellists have been scratching their heads, regarding the identity of Phoenix. Various celebrities have been named over the past few weeks from Doctor Who's David Tennant and Take That's Jason Orange, to Simply Red star Mick Hucknall and YouTuber Joe Sugg. But still, many have remained clueless with the clue packages and his vocals leaving them stumped. Following the latest episode though, a new theory has emerged for the reincarnated bird. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss TommyD, music producer and co-founder of TokenTraxx opened up to Express.co.uk about his predictions, this time, certain it is Kaiser Chiefs lead singer Ricky Wilson behind Phoenix. He said: "If it’s not Ricky Wilson I’ll eat my hat although would he go on a rival talent show, given his association to The Voice? "He sings with a bit of riotous anarchy, very punk, very British, very Ricky so I’m sticking with him." TommyD isn't the only one who is now starting to believe the singer is behind the elegant mask. Ahead of his performance, Phoenix listed a number of reality shows, bar The Voice which Ricky used to be a coach on before quitting in 2016. There was also an artist's palette and paintbrush which could be a link to Ricky's past as an art teacher before becoming famous. Phoenix previously gave the riddle: "I'm all flame and fire, my feathers ablaze, it may intrigue you to learn, I've been a catchphrase." This may tie in with the Kaiser Chiefs' hit single I Predict A Riot. DON'T MISS...Pamela Anderson 'realised no one has perfect childhood' in look-back [FAMILY]The Masked Singer fans 'expose' identity of Jellyfish as BGT star [EXPLAINER]The Masked Singer's Jacket Potato 'exposed' as 1980s rock star [THEORY] Taking to Twitter to share their thoughts, one fan wrote: "Phoenix is definitely Ricky Wilson. He's presented a programme called 'Art Jam' on CBBC." Another stated: "Still convinced Phoenix is Ricky Wilson and he just decided to name every reality show but The Voice?" While a third claimed: "Well #Phoenix is very much Ricky Wilson then. "Thought that for a few weeks but confirmed now #MaskedSingerUK." At the weekend, Phoenix was spared from the bottom two with his fellow stars Jacket Potato and Pigeon receiving the fewest amount of votes. When it came to deciding whose time it was to go, the judges voted to send Pigeon home. She was revealed to be actress and comedian Katherine Ryan who no one predicted. The Masked Singer continues every Saturday at 8pm on ITV.