Prince Harry has sensationally admitted to taking a cocaine when he was a teenager so that he would "feel different", in a bombshell claim in the Spanish edition of his book. The Duke of Sussex writes by the summer of 2002, when he was 17-years-old, he had "taken cocaine" during a shooting weekend and "a few more lines" on other occasions. Harry makes clear is was not "fun and it did not make me feel as happy as it seemed to make others" but acknowledged "it did make me feel different and that was my main goal. To feel. To be different". Harry says in the Spanish version of Spare seen by Sky News: "I was a 17-year-old willing to try almost anything that would upset the established order. At least that was what I was trying to convince myself of. "I was a seventeen-year-old willing to try almost anything that would alter the pre-established order. At least, that's what I was trying to convince myself of." Previously, the Duke of Sussex has described using drink and drugs to mask the pain he felt when his mother Diana, Princess of Wales, died. During the bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021, he said: "I was willing to drink. I was willing to take drugs. I was willing to try and do the things that made me feel less like I was feeling." Harry has also detailed in his book the moment Charles told him his mother had been involved in a car accident that within hours would turn out to be fatal. He says he was woken up by his father who "sat on the edge of the bed and put his hand on my knee". The Duke of Sussex adds Charles told him Diana has been in a car accident, there had been "complications", she was "seriously injured" and had been taken to hospital. Harry was just 12-years-old when his mother Diana died in 1997 following a car crash in Paris. READ MORE: Harry reveals he killed 25 Taliban fighters in Afghanistan  He also speaks about the days after Diana's death when he met members of the public, saying he "disliked the touch of those hands". The Prince and his brother, Prince William, walked among crowds in the wake of their mother's death. He writes that he couldn't understand why all the people were "crying when I was neither crying nor able to cry?" Harry says he consoled several people "as if they had met my mother" but remembers thinking "you didn't know her". DON'T MISSPrince Harry tells of 'mistake' of losing virginity to older woman [COMMENTS]Haunted King pictured hours after Harry unleashed new claims [PICTURES]Prince Harry describes harrowing conversation with Queen [REPORT]  In further bombshell comments, Harry reportedly claims in the book he was physically assaulted by his brother William in a heated argument over his marriage to Meghan Markle. In one of the leaked extracts, it is alleged the Prince of Wales grabbed Harry and ripping his necklace before knocking him to the floor. The Duke of Sussex claims "Willy" called Meghan "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive". Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10th. 