A premature baby who was expected to die a few hours after being born when surgeons discovered she had a dead bowel has made a full recovery against the odds, with her mother saying “we’ve been crying happy tears ever since”. When Deborah La Spina, 36, a marketing specialist from Sutton, London, gave birth, everything appeared normal – but after a few hours, her baby, Connie, now six months, began vomiting, had to be resuscitated and was rushed to the nearest children’s specialist hospital. The hospital, St George’s in Tooting, was the only one in the UK that could carry out an emergency procedure which would save Connie’s life. After “being in the right place at the right time” Deborah and her husband Dominic’s journey with Connie did not get any easier – after multiple surgeries, IV drip feeding and three months in hospital. Before Connie was born, antenatal scans revealed she had an abdominal cyst, which Deborah and Dominic were told not to worry about – little did they know, it would turn out to be life-threatening. Connie was born a month early, on July 27 2022, at St Helier Hospital, London – all appeared well, and her parents were overjoyed with their new arrival. Deborah said: “The examiner told me that the cyst hasn’t caused her any trouble, so I was hugely relieved and I breastfed her and she fed beautifully. "But, within a few minutes, she started vomiting – that’s when I knew something was terribly wrong.” A few hours later, Connie was blue-lighted to St George’s, a specialist children’s hospital in London, after continuing to vomit and having to be resuscitated. Deborah explained: “That’s when they said she has some kind of an intestinal blockage. "I didn’t know how bad things were until they did some scans and said they needed to operate immediately to remove a small piece of bowel. "They said everything should be OK, and we’ll be home in a few weeks. “So we waved our baby daughter, who was only a few hours old, off to theatre and we hoped for the best. "I had just given birth, so I didn’t really know what was going on. I just trusted that the doctors knew what they were doing.” After nearly five hours, Connie’s surgery was over. Deborah explained: “The surgeons arrived back, and they looked genuinely shocked. "They looked like they’d seen a ghost. They explained that things were far worse than they anticipated and her intestine was twisted, cutting off the blood supply. “We were told that most of Connie’s bowel was dead and not compatible with life. We were terrified. I was waiting for the news of them telling me everything is going to be OK, but that punchline never came.” The surgeons explained to Deborah and Dominic that the surgery they performed was unconventional, St George’s was the only hospital that could do it, and they did not want to give up on Connie. Deborah said: “The risk was high and the odds were low. Even if the surgery worked, her quality of life would be very questionable. They tried something they wouldn’t have done unless they thought there was some hope. “So while we were deeply shocked, saddened, and terrified, we had something to hang on to and they weren’t telling us this was the very, very end. So we just clung on to that for dear life.”