Tottenham winger Lucas Moura is set to leave the club at the end of the season when his contract expires, further adding problems for Antonio Conte in attacking areas. The Brazilian has been a valuable servant over the years to the north London club and produced some special memories, most notably his hat-trick against Ajax in the Champions League semi-final second leg, but has been used sparingly by Conte. Injuries have left him with just eight Premier League substitute appearances so far this campaign but he is still an important attacking option, and Express Sport has looked at six players that could replace Moura. Brighton’s Leandro Trossard is one of two players mentioned by the London Evening Standard that Spurs have an interest in this window, as the Belgian has fallen out of favour with Roberto De Zerbi on the south coast. Trossard has shown during his time in the league that he can make an impact against the traditional top-six clubs, and has just 18 months left on his current deal. De Zerbi has preferred Kaoru Mitoma wide left and recently Evan Ferguson up front, with Trossard out of the team despite his impressive performances in the first half of the season. His versatility could appeal to Conte if a move was made this month, who could even try him at left wing-back as Graham Potter did before moving to Chelsea. Tottenham and Chelsea both attempted to sign Anthony Gordon in the summer, as Everton turned down a bid of over £50million for the English starlet. After breaking into the Toffees side last season, he has not had the same impact this year and has occasionally found himself out of Frank Lampard’s team. He could be available for a reduced price due to his dip in form, though Everton likely will not let him leave until the summer as they are in a relegation fight. A large enough bid could tempt them, however, as the club are facing financial difficulties and may wish to reinvest the money in January. Tottenham are reportedly one of several Premier League sides interested in 18-year-old Chilean Dario Osorio, who would be viewed as a signing for the future. The Universidad de Chile winger has already played for the national team and has been viewed as potentially the best player to come out of the country since Alexis Sanchez. He would unlikely be able to make an immediate impact, however, which may put Conte off a potential deal and Osorio would likely be loaned out if he was brought to north London this month. READ MOREArsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWMan City boss Pep Guardiola issues worrying Man Utd prediction after Southampton humbling Wolves’ winger has consistently been linked with a move to Spurs and with his contract at Molineux running down, it may be the last chance that Julen Lopetegui’s side have to cash in on Adama Traore. He remains a squad player at the Midlands club but can make an impact off the bench, which could be valuable to a Champions League side. There have been rumours previously that Conte would want to convert Traore to a wing-back, and the 26-year-old could cover both roles and provide a spark off the bench for Dejan Kulusevski. Spurs have already enquired about their former academy star Marcus Edwards this month, as they are also attempting to sign his Sporting Lisbon team-mate Pedro Porro in January. A double swoop could fix two problem areas for the club and provide Conte with the cash and quality injection he has been demanding. Edwards is likely to decide his future in the summer, however, which could be when Spurs enter the market for a winger to give Bryan Gil time to develop in the role and allow Moura’s contract to expire, after the one-year option the club had on his deal expired. Yannick Carrasco could be available from Atletico Madrid this month, and is a long-standing Tottenham target, although the club had been put off by his £51m release clause. He has recently found his place back in Diego Simeone’s side, but with his contract expiring in 2024 Marca, via Sport Witness, report that the Spanish side may be willing to cash in on the Belgian. The report states that Atletico are going to explore the possibility of selling the versatile winger in January, and may accept a fee below his release clause to maintain a positive cash flow at the club.