King Charles has stepped out wearing an array of novelty ties recently. When he was Prince, he used to opt for ties with stripes, patterns and different prints, but more recently these have been swapped for animals including dinosaurs, teddy bears, and elephants. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to two stylists about the monarch’s design choices when it comes to ties. Grant Durrell, Senior Menswear Designer at Dobell said “King Charles is bringing the Royal family into modern times” with his novelty ties. “His approach is different to the late Queen Elizabeth but they have the same goal of unifying the people of Britain and making sure Britain is viewed positively globally. They are a nod to the formality of the office and an indicator of respect for the past but with a view of modernisation. “Wearing a tie is still the epitome of formal day attire. He is trying to appeal to all generations and show he has a man of the people and has a kindred soul. “King Charles at heart is a traditional British gentleman who passionately cares about Britain and its people, [and] novelty ties are a small and subtle evolution of the carefully choreographed royal image,” he added. READ MORE: The ‘most flattering’ shades of blonde hair for every skin tone Fedro Gaudenzi, founder of FEDRO GAUDENZI bespoke tailoring said “King Charles has always been a revolutionary”. “I believe he uses his tie in a meaningful and thoughtful way to convey support to causes in which he believes in and at times to softly suggest his political positions - always maintaining the playful and approachable side that has always characterised his persona,” he added. King Charles' ties generally clash with the pattern or design or his shirt and pocket square, but the overall outfit is cohesive. Fedro commented on this: “Even if at first glance the outfit doesn’t seem to match, the style choices are never unintentional. “By playing with patterns, colours and adornments commonly themed, the King manages to make his outfit cohesive while keeping an aura of elegance and effortlessness. DON'T MISS...Monaco's royal children compared to George, Charlotte and Louis [PICTURES]Cook jacket potatoes in 20 minutes using an oven with spoon method [VIDEO]Garden expert shares ‘no1’ cat deterrent that ‘works within 3 hours’ [EXCLUSIVE] “The main thing to bear in mind with choosing a novelty tie is to match your mood for the occasion. “There is not such a thing as right or wrong in styling your outfit, the only purpose should be enhancing your personality and character - as that will give you confidence and confidence will make your outfit cohesive.” King Charles is also a fan of a check or striped tie, and Grant revealed what these designs and others say about someone and when they should be worn. Solid colour - "Straight down the line, no-nonsense and ready,” Grant said. “If you want to play it safe, it may be your first day at work, attending a corporate formal event or a wedding guest choosing a solid colour would be the right option.” READ MORE: Beauty fans praise £10 super primer that’s a dupe of Bobbi Brown Diagonal stripes - “You mean business when on the job, but you are also fun when not at work,” the stylist added. “It shows you are a risk taker and that you are smart enough to make good business/ life decisions.” Tartan, check or plaid - “Often called the ‘power tie’”, opt for tartan, check or plaid “when you want to make a statement,” Grant said. Polka dots - “Whether you’re in business or event mode, a polka dot tie will always look the part,” he added. Paisley / floral -“A bold print that adds a fair amount of personality to a suit,” the men's stylist said. “Not one for a more conservative work environment, but a better fit if you move and/or work in a more creative field. A paisley tie is a high risk/high reward move best worn by those with a more highly developed sense of style.” In terms of King Charles’ suits, Fedro said he “clearly favours comfortable, clean and a soft tailoring construction for his suits, jackets and coats”. “They are characterised by a soft drape cut, a traditional choice of colours and pattern and important lapels - but by selecting brighter shades he adds a fresh and modern twist to his persona and what it represents. “The only button that should always be done in a single-breasted two-piece suit is the middle or top one – and only undone while seated. This will elongate your silhouette and give you a balanced look while maintaining a more comfortable wear. “On the contrary, a three-piece double-breasted suit with a buttoned-up waistcoat will look fabulous with the jacket undone,” he advised.