Prince Harry's memoir is in the number two position on Amazon's best seller list for pre-sales. The book is expected to continue the Duke's attacks on the Windsors and Buckingham Palace. Hardback editions of Harry's book go on sale on January 10 with the work priced at £14 in Britain and $22.40 (£18.56) in the United States. The work will be published simultaneously around the world in a deal reportedly worth £16.5million ($20million) with proceeds from the work set to be donated to charity. Spare is ghost written by Pulitzer prize-winning author J.R. Moehringer, who will reportedly be paid £828,590 ($1million) for her work. Over its 416 pages, Harry will share his recollections of the aftermath of the death of his mother, Diana, Princess of Wales, in a Paris car crash in 1997. He is also expected to include details of his bitter row with Prince William with whom he previously accused of screaming and shouting at him during a Sandringham summit to decide the Sussexes' future with the Firm. Publisher Penguin Random House says the book will tell Harry's story with raw and unflinching honesty. Harry and Meghan are believed to have signed a deal to produce four books with the last reortedly an autobiography of the Duchess of Sussex, according to MailOnline. The Duke of Sussex is on a publicity drive this week to promote Spare with interviews being broadcast in the UK and USA on Sunday. READ ABOUT GARY LINEKER AND HIS EX-WIFE SPENDING CHRISTMAS TOGETHER In trailers for his interviews with ITV and CBS, Harry claimed the Royal Family has shown no willingness to reconcile. He also said he wanted his father and brother back. Royal expert Daniela Elser, in an op-ed published in news.com.au, said Prince William could be in for a pasting from Harry's book. Ms Elser points to sources suggesting the first in line to the throne "is painted in the harshest light". She wrote: "'It’s tough on William, in particular, and even Kate gets a bit of a broadside,' the source said. 'There are these minute details, and a description of the fight between the brothers. I personally can’t see how Harry and William will be able to reconcile after this.'" DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'chose to leave in huff' [REPORT] 'Deeply upset' Mandela's granddaughter blasts Meghan and Harry [REVEALED] Prince Harry and Meghan 'hurt' as new Netflix show flops [LATEST] The commentator continued: "For Kate, right now, watching her formerly close brother-in-law on the cusp of yet another offensive, and with not only her husband reportedly in his sights but her too, must be a particularly hard experience, not least because there is nothing they can do." Ms Elser concluded: "The way things look today, there may well be more discomfort and sadness for William and Kate to come." Royal sources have dismissed Harry's claim his family has shown no willingness to reconcile with him. They say King Charles invited his second son to visit over Christmas. Harry claimed a reunion with his family did not appear to be on the cards, saying his father and brother had "no willingness to reconcile". His claim was included in a trailer for an interview with ITV's Tom Bradby, which Harry has done as part of the publicity drive for Spare. Buckingham Palace insiders have dismissed the claims, describing them nonsense. They insist Harry and Meghan had an open invitation to join the rest of the royals at Christmas.