White vinegar and baking soda are great cleaners, helping to shift grease and grease as well as get rid of any odours. They can be used around the home in areas such as in the bathroom and to unblock sinks as well as in the fridge. According to a cleaning expert, Britons should avoid using it on marble surfaces as well as wooden ones. Andrew Bramley, owner of professional cleaning business, Pure Freedom, explained: “Cleaning hacks are everywhere and white vinegar is made out to be a magic ingredient. “It is well known for getting rid of grime in the most tricky situations. However, there are some places it shouldn’t be used.” This includes certain surfaces, with marble countertops or tiles being one place Britons should avoid using white vinegar. This is because it can “wear away” the natural surface due to its acidic nature. The expert said the natural cleaning product may react with the marble work surface and create dull white marks, often known as etch markings. READ MORE: Mum-of-four saves hundreds transforming old IKEA table Andrew added: “Avoid using it on rubber materials like the inside of your washing machine. White vinegar can actually wear down the rubber.” While it is often advised to use white vinegar on the washing machine seal, doing so could lead to severe leaks and other serious problems. To clean this area, take some baking soda along with a toothbrush to scrub away the grime or mould inside the seal. Another surface to avoid using white vinegar on is hardwood flooring as it can cause damage to the material. DON'T MISS:Five tasks you ‘definitely’ shouldn’t DIY [EXPLAINER]‘Effortless’ method to remove yellow pillow stains without bleach [COMMENT]David Domoney shares ‘hardest working’ air-purifying houseplant [EXPERT] Despite the product being antibacterial, using it on surfaces like wooden floors will make it dull in colour. The expert said it can also damage and strip the surface. The cleaning expert added: “Also avoid it on waxed furniture as it can wear away the shiny surface.” This may include wooden pieces of furniture which have a wax sealant to help protect them against stains. Wax helps to keep moisture, dust and scratches at bay and due to white vinegar being quite corrosive, it is best avoided on these surfaces. READ MORE: Crops to sow and plant in January - ‘beautiful blooms’ by spring Another popular natural cleaning product is baking soda, which is known to remove odours from items as well as remove tough grease and grime. It is often mixed with white vinegar to create a powerful cleaning agent, although they can be used separately too. Andrew explained: “The same applies with baking soda as it can be good for burnt-on messes. However, it shouldn’t be used on certain surfaces.” This included mirrors and glass which may scratch if baking soda comes into contact with the surface because of its abrasive nature. Instead, take some white vinegar along with some water or glass cleaner and wipe clean with a microfibre cloth. Like white vinegar, Britons should avoid using baking soda on marble worktops. Andrew said it “will cause erosion” to the protective layer on the marble. For those looking to clean wood surfaces, this eco-friendly product should be given a miss. According to the cleaning expert, using baking soda on wooden surfaces can wear away the sealant or cause staining. Many often opt to clean their stovetops with a water and baking soda mixture, which is ideal on certain hobs, but if you have a ceramic hob, it is best to give this hack a miss. Andrew said this combination could scratch away at the surface, causing huge damage to it. Instead, use dish soap along with a sponge to get rid of greasy marks.