King Charles is reported to be gearing up for a "landmark" BBC interview in which he could speak out about his son Prince Harry for the first time since the release of the Duke's tell-all memoir 'Spare'. Following a series of explosive allegations in his son's biography Spare and his Netflix documentary with wife Meghan Markle, palace advisors are debating the prospect of the King using his chat to clarify events, it has been reported.  Charles might clarify the Megxit incident, in which Harry, 38, and Meghan, 41, stepped aside as employed Royal Family members, if the Palace agrees to the interview, according to The Mirror. An unnamed insider told the publication: "Plans are already up and running for coronation coverage at the BBC, including the profile on the monarch. It is not the done thing to avoid subjects in interviews, so it makes matters tricky. "Even one small comment on Harry and Meghan would make worldwide news. It could also prompt a response from Harry, which would be unpredictable, like so much. Everything is very delicate." READ MORE: King Charles 'in talks to do landmark interview about Harry row' BBC executives reportedly want the King to speak on camera about his life and his aspirations for the throne as part of their coverage of his coronation on May 6. Charles' longtime friend and seasoned broadcaster Jonathan Dimbleby, 78, might host the conversation for the BBC, The Mirror reported. However, it is said that the line of questioning worries palace aides. According to insiders, the monarch is considering the interview offer. Whatever the choice, reports say that the BBC is preparing a profile of the King. ITV has also requested an interview, but insiders claim that after Harry's conversation with the channel's Tom Bradby, 56, earlier this month, their chances are close to zero. The BBC might need to exercise caution in light of prior royal interviews, such as Prince Andrew's terrible responses to Emily Maitlis in 2019 regarding his relationship with Jeffrey Epstein, a convicted sex offender. According to insiders, the BBC wants to make sure that the discussion is favourable for the King. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry 'blackmailing' Charles with another book over coronation [REPORT]North Cyprus attempts to woo Charles with invite to 7-star hotel [REPORT]Jeremy Clarkson fears Charles' Coronation will be the last for England [REPORT] Charles has the choice to release his own video for distribution by the media rather than participate in a pre-coronation interview at all. It would have a similar structure to his statement on Christmas Day. The source added: "There remains an option for the family to simply produce a coronation speech or content they film and supply. It allows control over what is said and would not address the Sussexes." Charles, 74, Prince William, 40, and wife Kate, 41, have so far chosen to remain silent and ignore questions about Harry's tell-all memoir. READ NEXT:King Charles must 'suck it up and carry on' after Harry's bookKing Charles and Camilla make powerful gesture to mark Holocaust DayHarry set for 'temporary peace' with Royal FamilyPOLL – Should Queen Camilla be allowed to drop ‘consort’ from title?Charles could have avoided Harry headache with help of key figure