Kim Kardashian, 41, was first gifted a car at the age of 16 by her late father Robert Kardashian and revealed in a new interview that she suffered a traumatic accident. The reality star recalled being forced to get a retail job to pay for the damages, and that this led to a career in fashion and television, instead of the law degree she'd originally planned to do. Kim told actress Gwyneth Paltrow, on the latter's Goop podcast, that her strict father insisted she pays back every penny of the bill incurred. "I had to sign a contract with my dad, saying I was responsible for paying if I crashed - and I did hit someone," she cringed. She ended up getting a job at "a clothing store in the valley" to cover the costs and was able to indulge her passion for fashion. While she was paying off her debt, her lawyer father also tasked her with making him tea and coffee at his office - and at around this time, he talked her out of her original plan to go to university. READ NOW: Kirstie Allsopp says Harry and Meghan are 'in bed with the devil' "I was really into my dad's law stuff, but he... thought it would be too stressful for me," she continued. "He just thought it was a really intense job and I didn't love school that much. "I got into a college on the East Coast and he said: 'I know you got in and that's amazing, but I really don't think you should go.'" He also expressed fears that she would "fall in love with someone, get married and never come home". Ultimately, although she opted out of college after taking his advice, his fears of her marrying came true anyway. At age 19, Kim eloped to Las Vegas to tie the knot with her first husband, Damon Thomas, who was ten years her senior. The pair remained together for over three years, but she became increasingly discontent and eventually called it quits. Her oldest sister Kourtney did go to university in Dallas, Texas, and Kim says another reason why she was deterred from going herself was the "party girl" atmosphere she witnessed when she visited her.  "There were always the wildest parties [with people getting] really wasted and... I wasn't a party girl," she explained. She said the more simple life of waiting on her father while he worked in his office gave her a feeling of "purpose" when she woke up in the morning instead. Then her stint working in a clothing store led to her deciding to open her own. "I did everything from packing and steaming the clothes to sales," she recalled as Gwyneth listened avidly. As she continued to work in retail, Kim gradually gravitated towards a career in TV, reportedly claiming in her early years that she wanted to be the most famous woman "in the world". She says she was later offered an opportunity to appear on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! USA, something her stepfather Bruce Jenner, now Caitlyn, took part in. In 2003, the former athlete went to the Australian jungle as Bruce, and then in 2019, after transitioning to become a woman, she appeared on the UK version under her new name, Caitlyn. Kim's invitation to appear on the show ultimately fell through, but she then landed her own TV show with her family, Keeping Up With The Kardashians - and the rest is history. Gwyneth Paltrow's latest episode of her Goop podcast is available here.