Chelsea have blown Manchester United and Arsenal out of the water by meeting Atletico Madrid's demands to sign Joao Felix on loan this month. The Blues are pressing forward with plans to recruit Felix until the end of the season with an option to keep him at Stamford Bridge permanently. United and Arsenal were considered frontrunners for the 23-year-old forward, widely tipped to arrive in England in the January transfer window. But it's Chelsea who now reportedly sit in pole position after swooping in to steal a march on their Premier League rivals. According to the Daily Record, Chelsea have informed Atleti that they are ready to meet their £9.7million loan fee asking price, as well as covering Felix's full salary. The Blues also want to include an option to buy Felix at the end of the season to rescue him from the Spanish capital, where his relationship with manager Diego Simeone has disintegrated. The report adds that Felix is keen to join Chelsea before the winter deadline and has even told his Rojiblancos team-mates that he is Premier League-bound. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE United and Arsenal are on the hunt for attacking reinforcements this month but have been reluctant to meet Atleti's demands to loan Felix. Erik ten Hag is edging closer to Burnley striker Wout Weghorst, whose current loan stint at Besiktas has delayed the process. Meanwhile, Mikel Arteta wants Felix on top of Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk, but Arsenal have seen two bids worth up to £62m rejected. It's claimed Atletico are waiting to accept Chelsea's offer as they explore 'alternative options', which could include expected counter-approaches from United, Arsenal or elsewhere. READ MORE: Gareth Bale announces retirement after illustrious career Atletico signed Felix from Benfica for around £110m in the summer of 2019, a club-record fee that made him one of the most expensive players in world football. But he has primarily underwhelmed at the Wanda Metropolitano, struggling to adapt to Simeone's tactical approach and man management. Chelsea looked primed to get one over on Arsenal with the Portugal international and could do it again later this month after entering the frame for Mudryk. Todd Boehly is willing to outbid the Gunners and financially back Graham Potter to turn the club's fortunes around in the second half of a dismal season so far. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here