There's no denying that the cost of food shopping has increased, but it's not just the price of branded luxuries that have gone up on supermarket shelves. In fact, the expense of once affordable fresh produce like broccoli, carrots, potatoes and cauliflower has all risen, making it more difficult to load up on healthy greens each week. Eating local, in-season produce is one way to dodge higher charges for your favourite vegetables, and chef Lisa Marley has shared her exclusive recipe to help you turn the humble cauliflower into a hearty meal. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, plant-based chef and nutritionist Lisa Marley (@lisamarleychef on Instagram) said: "Eating seasonal, and locally grown food is recommended for good health and also getting the best flavour from produce. "Buying seasonally also helps to ensure the produce is at its most dense nutritionally. In the winter, we have an abundance of vegetables that are perfect for soups, stews, pies and roasts, making it easier to eat healthier, plant-forward, and cheaper meals. READ MORE: Deliveroo to celebrate Lunar New Year by offering free food   Lisa said: "Cauliflower can help promote weight loss as well as keep your digestive system in top condition. It also contains unique plant compounds that may reduce the risk of heart disease and cancer." If you're looking to reap the rewards of these nutrient-rich white florets, this plant-based curried cauliflower pie recipe is perfect for a hot winter meal - and plenty of leftovers. DON'T MISS:Monty Don shares 'rules' for mulching your garden in winter [INSIGHT]Keep dried spices 'as fresh as possible' with key storage tips [REVEAL] 'Most effective' methods to instantly improve over-salted soup [TIPS] Before assembling the pie, you will need to cook the ingredients to soften the texture. Bring a pan of lightly salted water to a boil and add the prepared cauliflower florets in, cooking until soft. When they are done, take the water off the heat and remove each floret to leave the pan of water - this can be reused for the potatoes. While the cauliflower cools, boil the diced potato chunks in the water until soft, then drain and set to one side. READ MORE: 'Most effective' methods to instantly improve over-salted soup Make a start on the flavoursome onions and leeks by frying them in a large, flameproof casserole dish with two teaspoons of rapeseed oil. As they soften, add the curry powder along with a splash of tap water and fry for a further two minutes. Once the flavours come to life, add the coconut milk along with the cooked potato. Using a masher, blend into a smooth, spiced mixture. According to Lisa, the potato helps to "thicken the sauce" to prevent it from being too watery or loose.    Add the cauliflower to the pan and continue to stir until all the ingredients are combined into the mashed mixture. At this point, you can add the can of drained chickpeas to the casserole dish and cook until they are soft. Almost any other legume, bean or pulse will work in this recipe so you can adapt it to your own taste. One of the best things about this recipe is that it requires just one pan to cook the bulk of the ingredients. When your filling is heated and well mixed, you can scrunch up the filo pastry sheets to cover the top of the casserole dish. Use a pastry brush to gently coat the filo pastry with oil and bake in the centre of the oven at 200C/Gas Mark 6 for 30 minutes, or until golden. Enjoy fresh from the oven or refrigerate any leftovers in a covered container in the fridge after they have had time to cool. 