Manchester United should attempt to hijack Chelsea's bid to sign Benfica star Enzo Fernandez in the January transfer window, according to an exclusive Express Sport poll. Erik ten Hag may be concentrating his efforts on trying to bring in a striker this month, but football fans are adamant the Dutchman should be trying to snatch the midfielder from under Chelsea's noses. In the opening days of the January transfer window, Express Sport readers were invited to have their say on the World Cup winner's next destination as the 21-year-old looks set to leave the Portuguese club in January. When asked 'Which club Fernandez should sign for in January', nearly half of our 5,686 readers entering into the poll voted that the Argentina star would be suited to Manchester United - with 44 per cent picking the Red Devils. As a contrast, only a fifth of respondents feel that Fernandez should be heading to Stamford Bridge this month with 20.1 per cent of the vote, although it appears Chelsea have the best chance of landing the highly-rated midfielder. READ MORE: Chelsea 'eye Fernandez swap' to salvage deal after talks collapse La Liga giants Real Madrid were next on the list with 14 per cent, while there was clearly not much desire from Liverpool and Arsenal fans to launch a late move for Fernandez as they registered 12.8 per cent and 9.2 per cent of the vote respectively. Chelsea have so far failed to convince Benfica to accept a deal after reportedly lodging a £75million (€85m) bid for the World Cup winner. Negotiations took place between American owner Todd Boehly, super agent Jorge Mendes and Benfica president Rui Costa to discuss a deal, but talks broke down over the Blues' refusal to pay his £105m release clause in full. It remains possible that Chelsea will attempt to broker a deal once more in the current transfer window, with Fernandez understood to be eager to join the Premier League side despite only signing for Benfica six months ago. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE He has reportedly agreed terms on a five-year contract worth £170,000-a-week and told Benfica he wants to go, but as it stands, it appears more likely that the deal will be called off than go through as Chelsea are unwilling to pay the full amount for the centre midfielder. Realistically, it is difficult to imagine United being able to find such a sum too, particularly after spending £220m in the summer transfer window. United and Liverpool have both held interest in Fernandez after an array of sublime performances at the World Cup. Ten Hag has also stated his desire to sign a central striker in January after Cristiano Ronaldo's departure to Al-Nassr, with only Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford equipped to play as a No 9. And that could mean that despite the desperate pleas of Express readers, the United head coach may decide to focus his efforts away from Fernandez in January as there are more urgent areas to address elsewhere.