Stylish Queen Camilla looked elegant as she stepped out in Bath to visit the newly opened Royal Osteoporosis Society offices. Today Camilla supported a society very close to her heart, with her mother sadly passing away from osteoporosis aged 72 in 1994. She was the picture of grace this morning as she stepped out to support the Royal Osteoporosis Society. Back in October 2001, Camilla became the president of this important organisation, and she remained in this role until her husband's accession to the throne. For the occasion the Queen Consort dressed in head-to-toe brown, including a chocolate coat and brown, grey and black dress. READ MORE: Camilla and Beatrice refuse to get involved in popular royal trend Royal fans praised Camilla's latest look, with Twitter user @cathy57600977 commenting, "Nice coat". The main component of Camilla's outfit today was her mid-length coat tied at the waist, accentuating the royal's slim figure. She looked perfectly cosy and wrapped up on this cold, wintery day, but managed to look elegant at the same time. Underneath the coat royal fans could catch a glimpse of Camilla's mid-length dress in coffee, grey and black. She accessorised with a pair of brown gloves which appear to be leather. In typical Camilla fashion, the royal went for her trusty suede black boots. These knee-high shoes are perfect for a chilly day. Presumably, in keeping with royal protocol, Camilla wore tights underneath. READ MORE: Expert shares whether or not Zara Tindall can wear mini dresses She opted for a stunning pair of statement drop earrings, featuring a black disk inside a gold disk and a black and gold pendant. However, Camilla famously revealed to Vogue that "nothing" is ever going to pierce her ears, so these must have been clip-on. The Queen Consort has quite the collection of clip-on earrings, her most frequently worn being her diamond and pearl drop ones. When she took off her gloves unveiling her hands, Camilla looked to be wearing either nude nail polish or decided to go sans varnish. Bold, garish colours are typically avoided by royals including Camilla, who tends to stick to more neutral tones. Camilla's hair was worn in her signature style, buttery blonde bob flciked out at the sides. Her makeup look was elegant, with a dewy foundation, sweep of blush, pink lipstick and dark eyes. 