Science Minister George Freeman is today set to unveil the UK’s strategy which he claims could help Britain become a science superpower outside the EU’s £80billion flagship innovation scheme. The Minister told Express.co.uk that he is “sending a message to Europe” by unveiling his plan to take Britain to the forefront of global science by spending cash that was meant to go towards the bloc’s programme. It will partially involve striking deals with other partners to collaborate on crucial science projects, and it comes as Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida visits London today. The UK intended to put £15billion towards Horizon Europe, the EU’s flagship programme that would have let British researchers access prestigious grants and collaborate with European researchers on projects ranging from climate change to AI and quantum mechanics. But EU negotiators told the UK cannot take part in the scheme, despite its participation being included in the Trade and Cooperation Agreement, until the Northern Ireland protocol row is resolved. However, with the furious Brexit feud still raging on, researchers have had their promised grants withheld and fear the three-year delay is causing significant harm to British science. Researchers have also been keen to stress that global collaboration in science is vital, and fear that without Horizon participation, the UK could be in a worrying situation. This is why Mr Freeman will make clear that partnerships with other nations, such as Japan, will be crucial components of the backup plan. Mr Freeman has told Express.co.uk that he is still not throwing in the towel due to the highly regarded fellowships the scheme provides. But the Science Minister said that we can’t wait much longer, detailing a blueprint for a “better” option outside the programme. Last month, the Financial Times reported that Prime Minister Rishi Sunak gave the green light to accelerate Mr Freeman’s “Plan B”. Today, the minister will announce the crucial pillars involved in the backup plan, which will be funded by cash that was meant to go forwards the EU scheme. He said: “There are three pillars and one platform. Pillar one is talent and fellowships. Pillar two is innovative technology and industrial challenges. "Pillar three is global collaborations, both strategic bilateral and multilateral projects….and then investment in world-class infrastructure to anchor global collaborations. “We have made clear that this is what we will start to spend the money on….That is money that we have effectively been sitting on, waiting for the phone to ring. The message to Europe is, we are now going to start spending and investing that money.” READ MORE: Flybe apologises as airport shuts ahead of first UK space launch While some of the cash has already gone towards funding guaranteeing to the researchers who were supposed to gain access to EU fellowships via the scheme, Mr Freeman will today make clear that the cash will also be geared towards alternative international collaborations outside of Europe. He explained: “What Britain can do is target some specific areas around the world, some urgent global challenges where we have got real science and technology expertise and convening power. “Science and technology are fundamental not just to UK growth but also to our geopolitical security, partly because we are in a global race, partly because we’re up against China and Russia who are now clearly prepared to use science and technology for hostile reasons for us. "There are countries all around the world that are very keen to collaborate with us. There are two bits of international collaboration that we are looking to do. Bilateral collaborations are about deepening our R +D (research and development) partnerships with powerhouse R + D economies.“ DON'T MISS Russian cyber attackers target three US nuclear research labs [REPORT] Nuclear fusion quest dealt blow as leading project warns of delays [INSIGHT] UK signs breakthrough deal with BioNTech for cancer vaccine trials [REVEAL] The minister reeled off a list of various countries he is keen to strike deals with, including included South Korea, Singapore, Australia, New Zealand and Chile to name a few. And with Japan's Prime Minister in Lond, it could signal the striking of brand new science deal. It comes after Britain already struck deal with Japan for science collaboration last month. The International Science Partnerships Fund, which the Government pumped £119million into, will support UK researchers collaborating with scientists in Japan and around the world. But these bilateral partnerships are just one element of the global plan. He also announced the plan to form global science groups. "As well as the individual bilateral partnerships, I am developing multilateral projects internationally, and this is very important for two reasons. The academic community will often point out that bilateral partnerships are fine as far as they go, but it is the ease of international collaboration that Horizon provides which is very valuable.” there are huge science opportunities down at either end of the globe. We are natural leaders. Down in the South Pole, the British Antarctic Survey and South Atlantic is us, Chile, Australia and New Zealand.”  Mr Freeman explained that there is the potential to form a science supergroup with these nations under a multilateral deal. He added that in the North Pole, there is the opportunity to strike a joint agreement with Canada, Norway, Denmark, Sweden, Greenland and Finland. As well as setting out the alternative to Horizon Europe during his keynote speech today, the minister is also expected to announce a commitment to focus on regional innovation clusters. This includes the Cornish coding and space cluster to the South Coast MarineTech Corridor, South Wales Semi-Conductors, and Warwick Robotics, Norfolk AgriTech to name a few as part of the Innovation Nation and levelling up agendas. This will involve properly digitally mapping the innovation clusters across the country, and branding and promoting the clusters as investable for inward investment and UK investors. The Science Minister will also speak of the plan to use the 30 percent boost (£20billion) Government spending on public research and development (R+D) to harness three times more private investment from UK and International investors in R+D and infrastructure. Finally, the minister will announce how Britain can better harness UK Regulatory leadership post-Brexit to make the UK a global test-bed for innovations in a range of fast emerging new sectors.