A building has collapsed and has been reduced to rubble in Tameside, Greater Manchester after a vehicle smashed into it. The major incident has happened on Canterbury Street in Ashton-under-Lyne, with emergency services rushing to the scene. Pictures show the street covered in rubble, showing part of the building has collapsed. It is not known if there have been any injuries.  Manchester Evening News (MEN) reporter James Holt is at the scene, and he said there is a "huge emergency services presence". He also took to Twitter to say he had been a told number of nearby properties have been evacuated by emergency services. Greater Manchester Police (GMP) have said they were called to a road traffic collision on Canterbury Street at 6.45pm this evening. The police force confirmed a car hit a building, causing part of the structure to collapse.   A woman has also been arrested on suspicion of drink driving. She has been taken into police custody as enquiries continue. GMP tweeted: "At 6:45pm on 5/1/23 officers attended a road traffic collision on Canterbury Street in Ashton-Under-Lyne, Tameside. "A car collided with a building causing part of the building to collapse. "Officers and emergency services are in attendance and a scene is in place. READ MORE: Prince Harry describes harrowing conversation with Queen  "One woman has been arrested on suspicion of drink driving and has been taken into police custody as enquiries continue." One resident told MEN reporter James Holt: "I heard a bang and felt the vibration in my house and asked my husband what it was. "A couple of minutes later we saw all the blue lights. Mr Holt has also said a car has smashed into the same building back on September 9. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry 'jeopardising' royal peace with key mistake [LATEST]The 10 biggest bombshells from Prince Harry's book and interviews [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry tells of 'mistake' of losing virginity to older woman [COMMENTS]  He tweeted a picture of the damage, and wrote: "This is the exact same building. "A resident showed me another car ploughed into it on the 9th September." The Tameside Correspondent has shared a picture on its Twitter page, showing the collapsed building and rubble on the street.  It said a vehicle has hit a building which has subsequently collapsed, also urging people to avoid the area.  The publication tweeted: "Emergency services are currently at the scene of an incident on Canterbury Street in Ashton-under-Lyne. "A vehicle has hit a building which has collapsed - this is the scene at present. Please avoid the area." THIS IS A BREAKING STORY. MORE TO FOLLOW... 