Nottingham University Hospitals NHS Trust has been fined over £800,000 after admitting to failing to care for a mother Sarah Andrews and her baby, who died 23 minutes after being born. Wynter Sophia Andrews died after being born by cesarean at the Queen's Medical Centre in Nottingham. District Judge Grace Leong, sentencing said there was a "catalogue of failings and errors" by the trust which exposed the mother and baby to "significant risk of harm" which could have been avoided. This is the first time the trust has ever been criminally prosecuted after it pleaded guilty tto two charges relating to Wynter and Mrs Andrews of being a registered person who failed to provide care or treatment in a safe way resulting in harm or loss, in what is the first time the trust has ever been criminally prosecuted. Judge Leong said there were "so many" procedures and practices surrounding the mother and daugher where "guidnce was not followed or adhered to or implemented". The full find of £1.2 million was reduced to £800,000 due to the early guilty pleas.   Outside the court on Wednesday, Ms Andrews said in a statement that her daughter and family had been "failed in the most cruel way" and urged other mothers who may have been through similar experiences to take part in the Ockenden Review, a wide-ranging investigation into multiple failures in maternity care across the NUH trust. Chief executive of the trust Anthony May reiterated its apology. In a statement, he said: "We are truly sorry for the pain and grief that we caused Mr and Mrs Andrews due to failings in the maternity care we provided. "We let them down at what should have been a joyous time in their lives." READ MORE: Ioan Gruffudd's former wife Alice Evans faces arrest amid court battle  The Trust must also pay prosecution costs of £13,668.65 and a victim surcharge of £181, with Bernard Thorogood, mitigating on its behalf, asking for two years to pay the sum. At an earlier Inquest, the coroner called Wynter's death a "clear and obvious case of neglect". Wynter was delivered "in poor condition" at 14:05 on 15 September 2019, with the umbilical cord "wrapped tightly around her leg and neck", and efforts to resuscitate her were abandoned 23 minutes later. 