Tottenham spent big over the summer but still appear to be in desperate need of further additions. Antonio Conte has been vocal about how he does not feel that his squad can compete for trophies, though he may change his tune after a successful January window. Spurs were beaten 2-0 by Aston Villa over the weekend, remaining outside of the top four in fifth place. The performance was nothing unusual for Tottenham fans, with their defence looking shaky and their midfield starved of creativity. Those are two issues that Conte is desperate to address in the midseason window, though he may have a limited budget to do so given that his side splashed the cash before the start of the season. Thus, he could turn his attention to cheaper options as quick fixes for his issue. But who could he target? Wilfried Singo With Matt Dohery and Emerson Royal both struggling when called upon by Conte, it is no secret that the ex-Chelsea manager is in the market for an attacking right wing-back. Promoting Djed Spence to being a regular inclusion in his side may be the cheapest resolution, though the England U-21 international is yet to impress his manager. Therefore, Torino’s Wilfried Singo could prove to be a cut-price option given that his contract expires in 2024. The Ivorian has played as a midfielder previously but has shone since being deployed in a deeper role and reports have speculated that he could be available for as little as £15million. Anatoliy Trubin After his error against Aston Villa on Saturday, serious questions are starting to be asked of World Cup finalist Hugo Lloris in north London. The 36-year-old is coming to the end of his career at the club and attention has turned to finding his successor. Shakhtar Donetsk goalkeeper Anatoliy Trubin has caught the eye over the past few seasons in the Ukrainian Premier League, and at 21, he could prove hot property next season when he enters the final year of his contract at the club. If Spurs pounce soon, they could attempt to strike a cheap deal for his services, even if first-choice options are still pursued in the summer. Ruslan Malinovskyi Atalanta midfielder Ruslan Malinovskyi was heavily linked with making a move to Tottenham over the summer but a deal was never reached for his services. However, now that he is in the final six months of his contract at the club, Spurs could reignite that interest. The Ukraine international has scored one and assisted two in 14 Serie A appearances so far this season – though 11 of those are from the bench. With Tottenham desperate for a No 10, Malinovsky could be a smart way of plugging a hole in Conte’s squad this month.