Ryan Reynolds joked that even he cannot buy a Wrexham shirt amid the incredible demand for the non-league side’s kits following their new-found international presence. Reynolds handed Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer and Mark Hughes a Wrexham shirt before the Welsh club’s clash against Sheffield United in the fourth round of the FA Cup. Back in November 2020, Deadpool star Reynolds teamed with Rob McElhenney - famed for creating and starring in ‘It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia’ - to purchase Wrexham AFC for $2.76million. The duo have become symbols of Welsh football around the world with the publicity they have bought to the club and the area. The star duo have bought immense exposure to the Welsh town as they use their respective global platforms to boost the club. This past year, a documentary was released on their journey entitled 'Welcome to Wrexham' - which has since been rebooted for a second season. While McElhenney was not present, Reynolds was in attendance for the FA Cup tie. Ahead of their match with the Championship side at the Racecourse Ground Stadium, Reynolds gave the BBC Sport pundits replica shirts and spoke about the incredible demand for the Wrexham 2022/23 kit. READ MORE: King Charles' Wrexham prediction rings true ahead of FA Cup 4th round “We sold 24,000 jerseys this year,” Reynolds told BBC Sport. “So many went to North America and Canada. It's been amazing. The reception overseas has been the most surprising thing. The part that I find most gratifying is the support from outside the club, Wrexham has become a tourist destination.” He added: “In Canada where I am from people are obsessed with this club. It's been pretty remarkable. We've sold something like 24,000 jerseys and so many of them went to North America. We can't get them anymore. I can't get one.” DON'T MISS Rob McElhenney gives Wrexham stadium update with emotional fan promiseCharles laughs with celeb football owners Reynolds and McElhenneyRob McElhenney fumes at ESPN as Wrexham pull off FA Cup upset Oli McBurnie fired Sheffield United into an early lead and the hosts stayed in the game to keep it 1-0 at half time. Wrexham equalised early in the second half through James Jones before Tom O’Connor’s driven strike gave the Welsh side a dramatic lead only for Ollie Norwood to level for the Blades. Wrexham star striker Paul Mullin put the non-league side back in front five minutes from the end of the game to suggest an incredible victory was on the cards. However, John Egan scored in stoppage time to secure a replay.