Mould is more prevalent inside homes during the winter months when there is excessive moisture. It thrives in dark, warm, humid places which are often out of sight, which is why mould can go unnoticed for quite some time. It reproduces extremely quickly, taking just 24 to 48 hours to germinate and grow and so it is very important to treat it as soon as it is noticed. Zac Hemming from ICE Cleaning has shared the “most common misconceptions” surrounding mould in the home. According to the pro, Britons should stay clear from using bleach. Bleach is often recommended to remove and prevent mould as it is thought to kill mould spores. The expert explained: “You may be tempted to remove mould yourself using household chemicals such as bleach, however, this is likely to end up being a costly mistake. “Whilst you may be able to wipe mould surface spores off yourself with bleach, this won’t address the root cause of the mould, as bleach cannot penetrate porous materials, so it sits on the surface. READ MORE: ‘Game-changing’ five minute method to clean dirty toilet brush “Whilst the water within the bleach can penetrate the surface, this actually has the potential to exacerbate the mould growth, rather than killing it. “This means the fungus will repeatedly return and cause further damage to the surface it is growing on. Therefore, DIY methods using bleach should be avoided at all costs.” Another common misconception around mould is that it only grows somewhere in the home which is wet, such as the bathroom. According to Zac, it can grow elsewhere too. The expert said: “It’s true that excess moisture needs to be present for mould growth. DON'T MISS:Nan’s ‘old trick’ to get rid of stubborn brown mug stains for 3p [COMMENT]Improve radiator ‘efficiency’ and prevent ‘blockages’ with one job [INSIGHT]Household staple to kill moss on paving with ‘no scrubbing’ [EXPLAINER] “However, it doesn’t necessarily have to be from a leak or standing water, which is typically found in a bathroom. “Condensation and damp throughout any area of a property cause a significant amount of mould growth that can spread, as it’s the excess moisture that causes it to grow, not the specific source of the moisture.” This means mould can be found anywhere and can grow on almost any surface, such as soft furnishings as well as clothing. It can also grow around windows and window sealants, which can be very hard to remove if not sorted out straight away. To best prevent condensation and mould, it is recommended to keep the home ventilated. READ MORE: Eggshell trick to prevent ‘pesky’ slugs from ruining new plants now This can be hard in winter due to the weather being cold outside, but as little as 20 minutes a day can help to remove some moisture present in the home. Zac added: “Regardless of the size of the affected area, any traces of mould in your home indicates that the property requires a professional assessment. “Failure to effectively treat a small patch of mould can soon cause the situation to become worse. Arguably, the most concerning part of having mould present in your property is the airborne mould levels that you can’t see. “DIY cleaning and unprofessional methods all contribute to increased airborne mould levels, ultimately increasing health concerns for occupants.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The expert said it is “absolutely paramount” that homeowners and tenants seek a professional air treatment following the removal of surface mould in the property. A specialist can conduct a mould sample test by collecting microorganisms from the air and surfaces, even those which cannot be seen, to determine the level of mould in a property. Zac continued: “Once the source of mould has been identified, they will then use non-abrasive chemicals that are combined with specific technologies to remove both visual and airborne mould spores and prevent them from further development. “This will also ensure minimal damage to the walls, floors or other materials that the mould has infected and is growing on.” According to the pro, black mould is one type which can cause serious health risks for individuals if they experience long periods of exposure. It is a type of fungus which spreads across plaster, wallpaper and paint, and it is often accompanied by a musty smell.