James Middleton has laid bare how his sisters, Kate and Pippa, were with him while he was attending therapy. Opening up in a heartfelt essay, the 35-year-old, expressed his gratitude to his two sisters, as the pair helped him through his darkest days. James wrote a piece for The Sunday Times, following the death of his dog Ella earlier this month. The entrepreneur has previously been open about his struggles with depression, crediting the adorable pet with saving his life. In the piece, which was published over the weekend, James wrote: "Everybody knew how much she meant to me and there was a day they feared the most: the day Ella was no longer in my life. "She meant something to all of them too." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry acted like 'a couple of teenagers', palace sources claim in new book Speaking of his sisters, he added: "My sisters came to some of my therapy sessions. "They've always been there during difficult times and they were at my side during the hardest of times as well." In the heartfelt essay, James revealed that "all the family" attended Ella's emotional burial. He wrote: "All the family came to say their goodbyes. READ MORE: Kate cuddles child and sweetly calms man's nerves by reassuring him 'we all get nervous' "I can't speak for them but I believe she influenced their lives too." He also shared that both of his sisters have a dog that was descended from Ella. He said: "Lupo, Catherine and William's dog, was one of Ella's puppies. "My sister Pippa and her husband have a pup from Ella, as do other family members." DON'T MISS Harry out for 'revenge' as he launches new 24-page report with Meghan [INSIGHT]Kate releases powerful animation to promote campaign close to heart [ANALYSIS]Prince Louis’ £8,000 gift from Harry paid tribute to Diana [REPORT] James announced his "great sadness" at the cocker spaniel's passing in a post on Instagram earlier this week. Ella was 15. On Monday, James' sister Kate stunned royal fans in a chic scarlet trouser suit as she arrived at a star-studded event in London. Kate, along with William, stepped for the event to mark Kate's Shaping Us campaign from The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood, which aims to boost public understanding of the importance of a child's first five years. In a letter released on Saturday, Kate, who has said promoting the early years phase of childhood will be her life's work, expressed that "healthy, happy children shape a healthy, happy future".