Wayne Rooney is currently one of the favourites to become the next Everton manager with Frank Lampard set to lose his job. The Englishman started his football career at the Toffees, who were also his boyhood team, and would be a popular choice with fans given his affinity for the club. It is not the first time Rooney has been linked with the vacancy at Goodison Park having originally been approached for the role this time last year following the sacking of Rafael Benitez. However, he was then in a desperate battle against relegation with crisis hit Derby County, deciding to stay with the club until their takeover at the end of the season. “Everton approached my agent and asked me to interview for the vacant job, which I turned down,” Rooney said last January. “I believe I will be a Premier League manager – I believe I’m ready for that, 100%. And if that is with Everton one day in the future that would be absolutely great. But I’ve got a job here that I’m doing at Derby County which is an important job to me.” JUST IN: Spurs fans have every right to feel furious after Arsenal vs Man Utd The 37-year-old has since joined MLS strugglers DC United and he was unable to prevent the team from finishing bottom of the Eastern Conference. However, he has insisted his full focus remains on his current project in the USA has he does not want to take on his ‘dream’ job at Everton until he can ‘give the best version’ of himself. “Obviously Everton and Manchester United are the two clubs who are really close to my heart so to manage one of them two would be a dream. I’m still gaining a lot of experience from what I’m doing," Rooney told CNN in November. "You want to learn, and I want to go into Everton or Manchester United, I want to go in there and be able to give the best version of me. I’d be naive to say, ‘I’m going to go and manage Manchester United in the next year or so.’ DON'T MISS...Four Tottenham stars Jose Mourinho may accept in Nicolo Zaniolo swapTottenham boss Antonio Conte fires 'nasty' warning to his own playersChelsea ditch hijacker tag as Boehly set for Spurs favour with Ziyech "For me it’s about putting the work in and developing myself and if I do that and I do it in the right way, then I feel these jobs, these opportunities will come to me eventually.” It remains to be seen if Rooney will become the next Everton manager, with a host of names potentially in the picture, but it appears the man himself is not yet sure if he wants to take on the job at this stage of his career.