Various companies have hiked the prices of their goods and services to align with inflation, and broadband providers appear to be one of them. Fortunately, families on low incomes who claim certain benefit payments from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) can apply for social tariffs which offer discounts on household broadband and mobile phone costs. One of these schemes is offered by Sky which is giving a broadband discount worth £180 for certain individuals, as well as a deal on reducing the cost of phone contracts. The broadband provider is offering financial support to low income families who receive either Universal Credit or Pension Credit from the DWP. Recently, Sky expanded the eligibility to include other DWP benefits such as Income Support, Income related Jobseekers Allowance and Income related Employment Support Allowance It should be noted that this particular deal is only available to households who are currently Sky Broadband customers. As part of Sky Basic’s social tariff, claimants get broadband and line for £20 a month for average 36Mb over an 18-month term. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come Included in this deal is a free Sky Mobile SIM for Sky Basics customers which include free 3GB data, unlimited minutes and unlimited texts. This Mobile SIM plan from the provider would otherwise cost £7 per month if purchased separately. Thanks to this scheme, households can save up to £180 a year on their household’s expenses. Experts are warning that suppliers are planning on hiking the charges on their mobile phone contracts by as much as 17 percent come April. As the average mobile bill in the UK is £25.62 a month, for a typical family household with four mobile contracts, a rate hike would mean almost £210 a year. Nous.co is encouraging households to use its new online calculator which allows families to discover exactly what new charges they will face in two months’ time. While some will reportedly raise their contracts in line with the Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation, alongside an extra 3.9 percent on top. On current figures, this would mean that households will see their phone contracts by 14.4 percent. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Greg Marsh, the founder and CEO of Nous.co, warned of the dangers facing consumers with these eventual rate hikes. He explained: “These types of in-contract price rises are nothing short of licensed robbery by the phone giants, with poor customers the losers. “How Ofcom ever agreed to allow this sort of RPI-based rise plus a big lump on top is mind-boggling. “When inflation was running at around three percent, while this was a ruse, it wasn’t quite so dire for customers."  The consumer expert added: “But now we are looking at serious increases, which makes this behaviour by large phone companies egregious. “Even if inflation falls over the next 12 months (which is far from certain) by the end of this year, mobile costs will be set based on a rate nearly three times that. And many people are now locked into contracts of up to 24 months. “It’s important, especially in the midst of a cost-of-living crisis, for households to know exactly what increased costs they are facing and also when they might be able to get out of their contracts and hopefully shop around for a better deal.” Further information on Sky’s Sky Basics social tariff can be found by visiting the broadband provider’s website. 