Investing in home improvements is a great way to increase the sale price of your property, though it's not always easy to know where to spend the money. While creating more space and storage options in any room is bound to make your home stand out to buyers, an expert at House Sales Direct has noted that there are only three areas you need to focus on. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Katrin Mitkova shared the "single most important" place to renovate for added value, and the two other "high ranking" rooms to consider updating. Bedrooms and lounges are a standout feature to buyers, with many people favouring modern, spacious designs over dated interiors. But while no home is complete with these essential rooms, they aren't as important as you may think when it comes to boosting the value of a property. In fact, according to Katrin Mitkova, a property expert at House Sales Direct, they can be left off the list if you're short on resources to renovate your home. She explained that instead, homeowners should focus on the kitchen, bathrooms and hallways to maximise their sales profits. READ MORE: ‘Easy remedy’ to remove radiator sludge to save on 25% on heating bill Katrin said: "When thinking about adding value to a property, one of the first rooms people think about is the kitchen. The reason behind that is that it is the single most important and used room of the house, followed closely by the bathroom. "While any damage and imperfections to it may be visible to potential buyers, it is also really easy to renovate or slightly upgrade." The property expert noted that the exact cost of a kitchen renovation can vary depending on various factors, so there isn’t a certain amount people should expect to pay. However, the average is approximately £18,000, according to Katrin. She said: "It’s important to remember that you should prioritise the work that needs doing and it is not necessary that you have a complete kitchen makeover to increase your home’s value." DON'T MISS:Five ‘common mistakes’ that quickly ‘kill’ orchids - how to avoid [INSIGHT]5 ‘bad habits’ to avoid that ‘drastically’ add to your energy bills [REVEAL]Ring doorbell users urged to check 3 app settings to protect privacy [ANALYSIS] Some of the most straightforward updates you can make include changing the worktops and repainting kitchen cabinets to "give the room an uplift" and "instantly add value to your house". Katrin added that even a simple upgrade to the hardware could "do wonders", as no one really wants loose handles and cabinet knobs when moving into their new home. When it comes to footing the bill for "minor work" that still gives "great results" for your home's value, the House Sales Direct expert suggested that this could be anywhere below £10,000. She said: "There is a five to 15 percent rule which suggests that the entire renovation shouldn’t cost less than five percent of the current value of your house, and no more than 15 percent." READ MORE: 'These features in your home will look really dated very soon'  Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea If you're limited on time or funds, the main bathroom in your home is not to be missed off the "to-do list" when it comes to renovating. Katrin said: "The bathroom ranks highly when it comes to how useful and important a room is. Since people use it on a daily basis, the rate at which it can get dirtier and outdated is much quicker than any other room, turning it into a disadvantage when potential buyers start viewing the property. "That is why renovating bathrooms can really boost your overall market value and increase your chances of selling your house quicker and at your asking price." Updating the room is easy to do with a lick of paint, fresh white grout and new cabinet handles, so you don't even have to make significant changes that could dent your budget. However, if you do have the financial means to do so, adding a second bathroom can work wonders for the saleability of your property. Katrin said: "Having more bathrooms is always a massive benefit especially if you have many bedrooms so splitting a bathroom into a shower room and a toilet, or adding a slice from a bedroom and creating a new, additional room can give you a bit of a push as well on the market." The third priority room to focus your time and resources on is your hallway. As the first thing buyers see, it's important that the space in front of your door sets the tone for the rest of the house. The House Sales Direct expert added: "When showing off your home to potential buyers, the first few minutes really count and the room they see initially is the hallway. And since there isn’t much in it, it should be easy to keep it maintained and up to standard to increase your house’s value and attractiveness. 