Kevin McCarthy is set to face his first challenge as Republican House speaker on Monday as the House votes on a new package of rules. This comes as a number of Republicans have indicated they may withhold their support unless more details of concessions made to hardcore right-wing members of the party during last week's House negotiations. After days of voting Mr McCarthy won the position due to winning over support from holdout members of the hard-right freedom caucus. As the Republicans only have a slim majority in the House, the members were able to use their numbers to negotiate. While the concessions have not been made public, some have speculated Mr McCarthy may have promised to give the hard-right group greater power. Moderate Republican congresswoman Nancy Mace told CBS on Sunday that although she supported the package, she had not yet decided whether to vote for it.  She said: "My question really is today: what backroom deals did they try to cut, and did they get those? "We don’t know what they got, we haven’t seen it. We don’t have any idea what… gentleman’s handshakes were made. "And it does give me a little bit of heartburn because that’s not what we ran on."  READ MORE: Trump saved McCarthy’s Speaker bid in last-ditch phone call The new package includes rules on allowing a single member to force a "motion to vacate" the speakership, which could threaten Mr McCarthy's already tenuous position. It also includes reinstating a provision to allow lawmakers to propose amendments to appropriations bills, adds a 72-hour window for members to read bills before they vote, and a commitment to vote on legislation on term limits for members of Congress. Republican congressman Tony Gonzales of Texas told CBS he would vote against the rules as he disagreed with potential spending cuts to the defence department.  DON'T MISS:Prince Harry breaks silence on Susan Hussey after Palace racism row [LATEST]Harry and William wanted to reopen Diana’s inquest  [REVEAL]Prince Harry asked why he and Meghan haven't renounced their titles  [INSIGHT] He said: "Republicans are much different than Democrats. "We’re not just going to line up and jump off the cliff. All of us represent our districts and we’re gonna fight for that." He added that last week's chaos in the House was "only the beginning" of more fractions within the party. 