Dr Shaun Murphy (played by Freddie Highmore) and Lea Dilallo (Paige Sparo) are still expecting their first child together in the current season of The Good Doctor. While their relationship has seen some ups and downs, they’re now stronger than ever and their parenting skills were put to the test this week in another heartwarming edition of the ABC drama, The Good Boy. Viewers were in tears on Monday night as the latest episode of The Good Doctor saw their favourite couple turning away a new member of the family. Shaun and Lea leapt into action this week when they stumbled across an injured Border Collie. Lea named the dog Buddy, believing he could be a stray and he’d be able to come home with them once he had been fixed up. Unfortunately for them, Buddy’s real family eventually resurfaced to reclaim their pet and they were forced to stay goodbye. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss Although Shaun conceded it was for the best as a dog in the house would be another level of stress and mess with their baby on the way, fans were heartbroken Buddy’s time on the show was so fleeting. After the episode, Keith Cordero Jr tweeted: “Why did the writers bring the owners back into the picture?!??” and added a sad emoji. @DisneyGuide101 posted a crying gif and said: “Bitter sweet ending, I’m happy his old family is reunited, but sad the Murphy family won’t have Buddy.” @DRenee0224 exclaimed: “Aww!! The dog!! I already know I’m going to be crying this episode!!” “The dog whining is breaking my heart, I’m crying,” @jazzy_j_97 added. @sheshelsp said: “#TheGoodDoctor brought me to tears this week so emotional.” And Josh Kennon lamented: “Awww his name is Cooper and they can't keep him now.” The Good Doctor’s millions of fans were on the edge of their seats when Buddy/Cooper was brought in for surgery. DON'T MISS:Outlander’s Sam Heughan announces new project with Graham McTavish [LATEST]Lockwood and Co boss on 'aging up' the cast [EXCLUSIVE]The Last of Us fans ‘sobbing’ after Bill and Frank twist [REACTION] Thankfully, he made it through the tough procedure, and Lea seemed all set to bring him home with them. However, it wasn’t long before the dog’s real family came back to claim him and confirm his real name was Cooper. Sadly, Cooper - who was portrayed by a dog named Zeek - won’t be joining the main cast of the series. Shaun and Lea also seemed to agree a dog would have been a bad idea, at least for now, with their first child a matter of weeks away. Even so, this could mean they might be open to taking home another furry friend somewhere later down the line. Cooper also represented a huge step for Shaun, as he’s now more prepared than ever to face the challenges of parenting once their son is eventually born. Perhaps a new dog could settle in with the Murphys next season but, for now, all their attention is on making sure they’re prepared for the new arrival. The Good Doctor season 6 continues Mondays on ABC in the USA and Tuesdays on Sky Witness in the UK.