Pamela Anderson, 55, sent shockwaves through fans with a series of explosive revelations in her upcoming tell-all memoir, Love, Pamela. But the Baywatch star has now rushed to defend her former co-star, Tim Allen, after her claims that the actor flashed her on the set of Home Improvement when she was 23 sparked backlash. The 69-year-old has since hit back at the claims himself, with Pamela adding in a new interview that she believes the comedian had “no bad intentions”. Pamela explained in conversation with Variety: “Tim is a comedian, it’s his job to cross the line. “I’m sure he had no bad intentions. Times have changed, though. “I doubt anyone would try that post #MeToo. It’s a new world.” In excerpts of the forthcoming book, Pamela claimed that while filming on Tim’s sitcom Home Improvement, the actor had purposely flashed her. Pamela actually made her television debut on Tim’s '90s sitcom Home Improvement when she was 23. The actress had a regular role as Lisa, The Tool Time Girl from 1991, but had originally garnered fame as a Playboy model. Pamela’s new memoir makes a bombshell claim about her time on Home Improvement, alleging that Tim flashed her to get “even”. At the time, Tim was 37 and an established Hollywood veteran, having been in the industry for almost a decade already. Pamela claimed in her memoir: “On the first day of filming, I walked out of my dressing room, and Tim was in the hallway in his robe. “He opened his robe and flashed me quickly - completely naked underneath.” Pamela recalled the actor referring to her work at Playboy, claiming: “He said it was only fair, because he had seen me naked. DON'T MISSPiers Morgan sparks divide over 'playing the victim' remark [LATEST]Jamie Redknapp on 'perfect' wife Frida as he shares divorce struggles [INSIGHT]Denise Welch hits back as viewer says 'enough is enough' [NEWS] “Now we’re even. I laughed uncomfortably.” Express.co.uk has contacted Pamela Anderson's representatives for comment about her claims. The actress continued to appear in a large majority of season one and two of the show before heading to the set of Baywatch. However, she also returned to Home Improvement years later, making a final appearance in 1997. The actor has since spoken out against the claims, claiming in a statement to Express.co.uk: “I would never do such a thing.” Tim also claimed the events Pamela recalled “never happened”. Love, Pamela will be released on January 31.