Starz’s thrilling crime drama BMF follows the lives of Meech Flenory (played by Demetrius Flenory Jr) and his brother Terry Flenory (Da’Vinchi Juste) as they established the Black Mafia Family. Ahead of the season two premiere, actor Da’Vinci spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and disclosed his relationship with the real-life Terry.  Although the BMF series has been dramatised for entertainment purposes, the theme of family, crime and drug trafficking is based on true events. During the '80s in Detriot, Meech Sr and Terry made a name for themselves as they became one of America’s most notorious crime families. Together they were powerful figures in a multi-state drug and money laundering organisation. However, as the series depicts, it wasn’t always lavish and luxurious as the brothers often fought off dangerous opposition. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive    After they expanded their drug organisation to Los Angeles and Atlanta, the brothers were arrested in 2005 and were both sentenced to 30 years behind bars. While Meech Sr remains incarcerated, Terry was released in 2020 due to health ailments as a scheme to help stop the spread of COVID-19 within prisons. Upon his release, Terry was able to provide major insight ahead of the show’s premiere in 2021. Actor Da’Vinchi detailed his relationship with Terry and shared his gratitude for his input to help form an accurate portrayal.    Speaking to Express.co.uk, Da’Vinchi shared: “I'm fortunate enough to have a pretty good relationship with Terry Flenory. “We talked a lot, he told me a lot of things, a lot about the relationships he had with so many characters like Lamar, his mother and things of that nature.” He revealed: “It was very helpful that I had that because it's way better than just hearing from other people and trying to google as much information as you possibly can. “When you have that direct source, it makes your life a whole hell of a lot easier when you’re telling a true story.” DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly baffled by odd background in Ghislaine Maxwell's cell [INSIGHT]BMF’s Russell Hornsby shares reason Charles refuses to forgive Meech [INSIGHT]BMF fans rage as crime series resurrects character [REACTION] Michole Briana White stars as Lucille Flenory and Terry’s mother and also echoed this sentiment as she also worked closely with the real-life Lucille. She told Express.co.uk: “It was amazing, just that she's still alive and then I can actually speak to her and I've never had that experience before, I can call her up anytime.” The actress added: “It became really important to me to share her voice because it was never heard and for people to know that she and they raised their kids really well. “I know that's so important to Miss Lucille and I just wanted to represent her in the best way possible.”   During the production of BMF, the real-life Flenory family were often spotted on the set and posed alongside the cast for Instagram. With fans well into season two, many are eagerly awaiting the show’s return after Friday’s major cliffhanger which saw Meech rushed to the hospital. The kingpin was brutally shot by his enemy Lamar (Eric Kofi-Abrefa) who he assumed was long dead. Though the gripping promo clip hinted at a successful surgery, Lamar was spotted at the hospital with a gun disguised as a Doctor, leaving Meech’s fate uncertain.  BMF season 2 continues Fridays on Starz in the US and on LIONSGATE+ in the UK. 