Tottenham ace Richarlison has got on the wrong side of Arsenal fans this week after grappling with goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale during the north London derby. It is not the first time that the striker’s antics have prompted fury from his angry opponents. Express Sport takes a look at some of the times Richarlison has enjoyed a wind-up and risked the wrath of football’s authorities. Squaring up to Ramsdale Richarlison found himself in hot water after Sunday’s north London derby. When Aaron Ramsdale patted the Arsenal badge on his shirt and fist-bumped in the direction of the Spurs fans, the Brazilian did not take too kindly. The attacker pulled Ramsdale’s shirt before pushing him in anger. He also put his hands in the face of the goalkeeper, which VAR chose not to deem as violent conduct. Richarlison then refused to shake hands with international team-mate and Arsenal star Gabriel Martinelli. However, the pair have now made up in a humorous Instagram post. JUST IN: Chelsea hero Thomas Tuchel decides stance on taking Tottenham job Trolling Liverpool As an Everton player, Richarlison would take the Merseyside derby very seriously. He also saw the fun in frequent jibes at Liverpool, often riling the Anfield faithful. One of the more infamous occasions came slightly prior to Liverpool’s Champions League final defeat by Real Madrid. A social media rumour claimed that several Everton fans had hoaxed their Reds counterparts by setting up a fake bus company offering discounted trips to supporters heading to Paris. When it became clear that the bus companies were fake, Richarlison mocked up an image of himself driving a bus. It came just a week after another post by Richarlison, a popular meme of Thierry Henry laughing, mocked Liverpool for their failure to pip Manchester City to the Premier League title. DON'T MISS...Tottenham could save millions in swap deal instead of signing PorroThomas Tuchel may make Daniel Levy request over taking Tottenham jobMan, 35, charged with assaulting Arsenal player Aaron Ramsdale Throwing flares Richarlison once again found himself in trouble after launching a flare mid-goal celebration last season. Having scored in a win over Chelsea, he picked up the pyrotechnic that had been thrown onto the pitch, raised it aloft, before lobbing it back towards the stands. Although the flare landed in a secluded area behind the corner flag, Richarlison was hit with a one-match ban at the start of this season. It meant he had to wait to make his Spurs debut. 'Loving’ injury Arsenal fans were furious when Richarlison posted a picture of him going head-to-head with Hector Bellerin while an Arsenal player lay stricken on the turf. The picture was taken while he was an Everton player and was condemned as being disrespectful given that a Gunners player appeared to be hurt. Showboating vs Nottingham Forest and Carragher feud With Spurs leading 2-0 against Forest, Richarlison decided to perform a couple of kick-ups to waste time. Enraged by the showboating, Forest star Brennan Johnson made a strong tackle on the former Watford star, while Sky Sports commentator Jamie Carragher criticised the act. Richarlison and Carragher were not unfamiliar with each other. The pair had sparred on social media before the incident, but their feud was reignited after the Brazilian's antics at the City Ground.