Lauren Hammersley, who portrays Charmaine Roberts on the Netflix show Virgin River has opened up about playing the character. Charmaine has had no shortage of gripping storylines during her time on the series thanks to her history with Jack Sheridan (Martin Henderson) and her struggles with his newfound romance with Mel Monroe (Alexandra Breckenridge). But undoubtedly one of the most talked about moments involving the character came in the final few moments of season four. After being pregnant with twins for the past few seasons, Charmaine left Jack gobsmacked by revealing they weren't his. Charmaine was left in tears after she dropped the bombshell and the revelation has teed up an unmissable fifth run which should hit Netflix later this year. But it isn't just this decision that Charmaine has made which has left actor Hammersley frustrated with the character. READ MORE: Virgin River's Mel star shares struggle after new family addition Speaking on Chatting With B, fans got to ask Lauren questions about her time on the show and one question prompted her to admit that she questions her character’s decisions. One of the fans, aptly named Mel, asked: ”Charmaine’s such an amazing character. Obviously with her being a bit controversial that can’t always be easy to play, so my question is what would you say is the most challenging thing about playing Charmaine? “I’m very different from Charmaine,” Hammersley responded. “And so sometimes when there’s things in that are in the script where I’m like, ‘Why? Why would you do this?”' Charmaine has been in Virgin River since the show began in 2019 and has been a staple in causing drama. While the baby bombshell drama is the most recent twist in the tale, she also caused a stir when she introduced Todd (Patrick Sabongui) to the show. Within weeks, Charmaine had married the mysterious businessman and even told Jack they were going for full custody when he thought he was still the father. She's also no stranger to angering Virgin River fans with her behaviour towards Mel and other characters. Hammersley is able to see the lighter side, however, as she joked during the podcast: “It’s actually a talent that I have in real life! DON'T MISS:Virgin River’s Teryl Rothery pays tribute to Hope McCrea starVirgin River season 5 theory: Charmaine’s twins’ dad exposed as VinceVirgin River's Hope McCrea star sparks frenzy after dropping update "I have a very good talent for people hating me," Hammersley said before chuckling. However, despite her talents, the star stated that she sometimes has to film scenes over and over saying she likes to “play with it". She added: “Well, I definitely do it in different ways. And you do it different ways all the time with takes. “You want to be able to play with it. Doing one scene takes a really long time.” But not everyone appears as happy to go through takes over and over again. Hammersley recalled a moment when her dad went to the set and became bored. “I brought my dad to set and he goes, ‘Oh my God this is taking so long, this is so boring'." Hammersley, Henderson, Breckenridge and the rest of the Virgin River cast will return to screens when season five premieres this year. Virgin River seasons 1-4 are now streaming on Netflix