Travel experts at Norton Finance have shared a few ways that British tourists can save money. From booking on a Wednesday to travelling on a Tuesday, a few simple hacks could cut costs. The team said: “Holiday prices often fluctuate throughout the year, so it’s best to avoid booking on weekends. “The priciest day to book a holiday is a Saturday, you can save five percent by opting to book on a Wednesday instead. “This might not sound like much but would save you £213 on the average price of a four star, all-inclusive seven day holiday to Spain in August for a family of four.” Tourists could save money by booking their holiday on Wednesday so it’s a worth giving this hack a shot. READ MORE: Cornwall’s hidden gem is a ‘truly remote’ beach that feels ‘exotic’ A spokesperson said: “Research carried out by Norton Finance finds early or mid-week flights (Tuesdays and Wednesdays) have the cheapest price tag. “Flying on these days saves an average of 12 percent, but savings can often be much higher. By the same token, flight prices also differ depending on the time of day.” Many Britons choose to fly on a Friday or Saturday to minimise the amount of holiday they take, but flying midweek could save more money. Taking an early morning or late night flight could also save tourists money if they can handle the timings. Paul Stringer, director of Norton Finance, said: “If you’re committed to a more expensive holiday and you’re thinking about how to pay for it, consider applying for a holiday loan rather than using buy-now-pay-later schemes or credit cards. “Loans generally have lower interest rates than credit cards, making them more cost effective for large purchases. “With BNPL, there’s often no protection on purchases, and many users get caught out by late payments. “Discussing a loan with an advisor will help assess what you can afford to borrow and prepare you with a payment plan to avoid late fees.” READ MORE: ‘Book no later’ than February for Easter - key dates for Britons The team said: “All-inclusive and full board holidays make it easier to stick to a budget as there are little or no costs. “Be sure to check the terms and conditions as to what's included as deals can vary between hotels. “The average dinner for two in Spain is 44 euros (£39) so opting for an all-inclusive package can eliminate these costs.” All-inclusive holidays could be an easier option for tourists who struggle to stick to a budget as the cost is paid upfront. The team added: “Booking independently often allows more flexibility, but packages tend to work out cheaper overall once extras like airport transfers and insurance are factored in. “Packages also tend to offer more protection if things go wrong. A study by Which? found that prices can increase as much as 76 percent when booking separately instead of a package deal.” If tourists book a package, they may have more security if the trip is cancelled for a reason beyond their control. However, Britons will need to check the terms and conditions before booking as this may differ between companies.