Bradley Whitford will reprise his Emmy Award-winning role as Commander Lawrence in the sixth and final season of Hulu's The Handmaid’s Tale. Before his return to Gilead, however, NBC has confirmed the prolific screen star will appear in an upcoming episode of Law and Order: Special Victims Unit’s current season. Whitford is set to guest as a professor struggling with early-onset dementia who confesses to a murder next month on the popular crime drama. The episode will air on February 26 and will be directed by series lead Mariska Hargitay. However, this won’t be the first time the TV regular has made an appearance in the long-running procedural. He previously showed up as a character named Frank Maddox in the 2014 episode, Reasonable Doubt. READ MORE: BBC host issues apology to Naga Munchetty over awkward joke In this case, Whitford portrayed a well-known TV producer who was accused of sexually assaulting his daughter by his ex-wife. His next stint on the series promises to be a slightly more sympathetic role as a suspect who can’t remember the crime they supposedly committed. Whitford was recently seen in the fifth season of The Handmaid’s Tale, making his directorial debut for the series with the episode Allegiance. Last year, he also appeared in the thriller series Echo 3 and the historical romantic-comedy film Rosaline. He’ll be returning to the small screen this year in AMC’s Parish, based on the BBC series The Driver and starring Giancarlo Esposito. He’s expected to appear in just one episode of Law and Order: SVU in the midst of some major changes to the series in recent years. This season has seen the departure of Amanda Rollins (played by Kelli Giddish) from the series after a run of more than a decade. “I started playing her in my late 20s, so I’ve played her in three decades of my life, which is nuts,” she told Variety after her final episode. DON'T MISS:The Blacklist’s Amir Arison lands new Apple role [LATEST]My 600lb Life backlash as Aaron's wife storms out [REACTION]Outlander fans ‘devastated’ by cancellation as prequel confirmed [NEWS] “It’s insane. This is a show unlike any other. Shows don’t last 12 years, much less getting to play a character. “With playing someone as multi-faceted as Rollins, I got to play all kinds of different things — down and out, on top, joyful, doubtful, scared, triumphant. I got to do the gambit.” Giddish’s departure was confirmed not to be her own choice, but actually a decision from executive producer Dick Wolf. “It’s time in the Rollins storyline. I felt like where it was heading, and where it headed last night, just seemed the right place to leave it right now,” she added. “I am so excited about things going on in my personal life and kind of the mirroring of what’s going on in my personal life and in Rollins’, there’s a lot of joy to be experienced.” Thankfully, Rollins’ story was given a satisfying conclusion, though viewers were still distraught to see her go after such a long time with the series. New episodes of SVU are expected to continue weekly, so there’s plenty more to look forward to before Whitford’s guest role in just over a month’s time. Law and Order: SVU season 24 continues Thursdays on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.