All remaining matches for day two of the 2023 Australian Open on the outside courts have officially been cancelled late into the night following a torrential downpour in Melbourne. The second day of the Grand Slam had already been disrupted earlier on with play suspended due to extreme heat.  Officials enacted the tournament's extreme heat policy as temperatures soared close to 40C. Play continued on the main show courts, including Andy Murray's epic comeback against Matteo Berrettini after saving match point. But those competing on the outside courts had to wait around three hours before they were able to resume their matches. The long delay already put a strain on the busy Tuesday schedule for the remaining first-round matches to finish. However, it soon became inevitable matches would be cancelled with the weather changing drastically with torrential downpour hitting Melbourne Park.  The move will likely come as a huge boost for Andy Murray as his second-round opponent will need to play again on Wednesday. The Brit had spent nearly five hours on court in a gruelling contest against Berrettini, but he has a full day's rest before his next match. He's up against either Thanasi Kokkinakis or Fabio Fognini, although the Australian holds a commanding lead in their clash. Kokkinakis was a break up in the third set having already won the opening two, and was 40-0 up on serve before play was ultimately suspended due to the rain.  Groans could be heard from the crowd inside the arena, particularly with Kokkinakis seemingly so close to securing the win. But both players will now have to return at some point on Wednesday, giving them less time to prepare for Murray. In total, 22 matches ultimately have to be rescheduled for Wednesday potentially causing a schedule pile-up. Rain is expected to hit Melbourne Park again tomorrow which would cause further headaches for tournament organisers. The confirmed schedule has seen Kokkinakis and Fognini put back on the Kia Arena, but they'll have to wait to finish their match. Bianca Andreescu's second-round match against Cristina Bucsa is first on the outside court with Kokkinaki's match not getting underway until 12.30pm local time.