A 15-year-old girl will spend up to nine years in jail after fatally stabbing a rival cheerleader. The killer, who has not been identified due to her age, attacked Kayla Green, 16, during a brawl at a celebration for her school basketball team, who had just won a tournament.  Green, pronounced dead after being taken to hospital, was captain of the school’s junior varsity cheerleaders. The defendant was part of an independent cheer squad which Green had been a member of previously. Sophomore student Green suffered a fatal abdomen wound during violent scenes last April in Mount Vernon, a small city in upstate New York, US. Sentencing her killer on Tuesday, Judge Susan Cacace said the motive is “a long-standing rivalry between two cheerleading squads in the city of Mount Vernon”. READ MORE: Deadliest US shootings in last 40 years and map that shows crisis  The defendant was given a sentence of three to nine years in prison by Judge Cacace after pleading guilty to first-degree manslaughter in December. Lavern Gordon, Green’s mother, spoke of the deep pain she feels as she criticised the sentence. She told Westchester County Youth court: “Her killer gets to get out in three years to live her life, have family, have a career. My daughter will never see that.” DON'T MISS: Timing of Ghislaine interview looks 'prearranged' to benefit Prince [SPOTLIGHT]Ron DeSantis' wife Casey is a glamorous former-TV star [INSIGHT]Russian warship armed with hypersonic missiles nears US [REVEAL]  The offence carries a maximum sentence of 3 1/3 to 10 years for a juvenile offender in the State of New York. The teen killer, who will serve her term in a juvenile detention centre, expressed remorse for her actions, according to local media outlet Lohud.com. She said: “I am sorry my actions took away a big sister. I am sorry my actions took away a daughter.” District Attorney Miriam Roach said in a statement after the sentencing: “A teenage defendant senselessly took the life of Kayla Green, and in doing so, left a community devastated.  “As a family and the Mount Vernon community remain in mourning, I want to reiterate my commitment to working with our vital community partners for meaningful violence prevention and intervention, especially for our youth. "I know that nothing can cure the pain of losing a child. “My Office will do what it can within the bounds of New York’s laws to seek accountability in these cases.” 