The father of three kids, killed in what cops say is a failed murder-suicide, has begged for America to forgive his wife. Lindsay Clancy is in custody after the deaths of her three children, Cora, five, Dawson, three, and Callan, an eight-month-old baby. Posting on GoFundMe, Patrick Clancy shared his love for his three children, saying they “were the essence of my life and I’m completely lost without them”. He then begged for the public to try and forgive Lindsay, saying she is struggling with a “condition”. “I want to ask all of you that you find it deep within yourselves to forgive Lindsay, as I have”, he said. “The real Lindsay was generously loving and caring towards everyone — me, our kids, family, friends, and her patients. “The very fibres of her soul are loving. All I wish for her now is that she can somehow find peace.” Lindsay’s arrest warrant has been released to the public, showing she faces eight charges after the horrific scenes in Duxbury, Massachusetts. The charges as of Friday included two counts of first-degree murder, three counts of strangulation or suffocation, and three counts of assault and battery with a dangerous weapon. A first-degree murder conviction carries an automatic sentence of life without parole in Massachusetts. The Plymouth County District Attorney’s Office did not include an affidavit or statement of facts in support of the charges. READ MORE: 6 dead and 3 injured after truck collides with bus in 'gruesome' crash Lindsay, 32, remains hospitalised and in police custody, with injuries she sustained in a suicide attempt. She jumped out a second-floor window at her home, and first responders initially reported finding her conscious with lacerations to her wrists and neck. Patrick called 911 on Tuesday evening at around 6.10pm after coming home to discover his wife outside. Cora and Dawson were pronounced dead on Tuesday after being transported to Beth Israel Deaconess Hospital in Plymouth. Eight-month-old Callan was transported to Boston Children’s Hospital, before later being pronounced dead on Friday morning. DON'T MISS Stripping Meghan and Harry's titles seen as 'aggressive move' Giuffre's book could make public have 'sympathy' towards Andrew Ex-Clinton aide warns Biden could be 'knocked' out of 2024 race Patrick has also thanked the Duxbury community for their support on GoFundMe, with his page raising more than $870,000. Further details on Lindsay Clancy's alleged condition were not immediately available, but last week local radio presenter John DePetro quoted friends of the 32-year-old who said she struggled with postpartum depression. “Her husband was working from home instead of going in to work to be able to try and support her daily while she went to a program 5 days a week for PPD”, he said. “And in the 25 minutes it took him to pick up takeout, the unthinkable happened.” On rare occasions, feelings of depression after giving birth can lead to full postpartum psychosis, causing a mother to suffer from severe depression and hallucinations which can lead her to harm herself, her children, or both.