Prince Harry smiled and waved to the audience as he sat down with interviewer Stephen Colbert. The interview began with the pair making jokes and the royal was even offered a drink. The royal received a warm welcome as he appeared in the studio for the interview, as the audience clapped and cheered loudly. They also began chanting “Harry, Harry, Harry” as the Duke of Sussex sat down for his interview. Prince Harry has been doing a number of interviews over the last few days to promote his book, ‘Spare’ which was released on Tuesday. It is understood that Harry’s interview with Colbert is the last one he will be doing as part of his media tour. Responding to the audience, the 38-year-old chuckled: "Thanks for bringing the crowd." As he sat down, Prince Harry made a joke to Colbert as the crowd loudly cheered. Stephen Colbert said: “You may have missed it but Harry said, ‘is this the chair and the spare over there?’” The interview and the audience laughed and Colbert told the royal “well done” and “well-played, sir” at the quip. READ MORE: Prince Harry should lose title for ‘trashing’ royals, MPs claim Stephen Colbert started the interview by saying: “It’s lovely to have you on the show, thanks for coming on to talk about your new book, um, what should I call you?” Prince Harry replied: “Call me whatever you want at this point, I’m stuck here until we stop talking.” The interview continued: “In the book, you’ve got a lot of different names! "Your birth name is ‘Henry’, your father and your brother often call you ‘Herold’, some people call you ‘H’, dear friends called you ‘Haz’, what is Haz? Short for hazardous?” The Duke laughed and said: “My wife calls me Haz, so you can’t call me Haz.” But he assured the host that he is fine with ‘Harry’. DON'T MISS:Hundreds queue up to buy Prince Harry's book [REPORT]Prince Harry surprised when personal security removed [INSIGHT]Prince Harry's Spare becomes fastest selling non-fiction book ever [REVEAL]  Colbert also offered Harry some tequila as the show began. He said: “You've written this very intimate memoir, which I’ve read and is fascinating, it’s a very good read by itself.” The presenter talked about “sensational leaks” of Prince Harry’s book as the media reported on parts of the memoir before the official release date on Tuesday. He said: “I know you are a very private person for being a public figure, you’re revealing a lot of things in here, it must, on a certain level, be nerve-wracking to be out there, to publicly and physically represent the book. Colbert asked Harry if he would like a cocktail, to which the royal enthusiastically replied: “Yes, please!” The Due of Sussex then asked the audience “does he ever make you guys a drink or not?” and told the interviewer that “everyone wants a drink”. Colbert gave the royal an amused look and said: “They’re already on your side, man, you don’t need to get them drunk.”