Ella Henderson, who found fame on the X Factor, has announced she is engaged to Team GB swimmer Jack Burnell. The 26-year-old singer shared the exciting news to fans with a gorgeous picture beaming with her ring. Taking to her Instagram account, Ella shared a sweet photo as she flashed her diamond ring. "So this happened," the singer captioned a snap of her ring to her Instagram followers this evening.  Jack, who has retired from competitive swimming, popped the question to the Ghost singer during the couple's idyllic holiday to Mauritius. READ MORE: Phil Tufnell undergoes hair transplant after losing locks Ella was quickly inundated with congratulatory messages from fans and celebrity pals alike. Gordon Ramsay wrote: "Congratulations to you both!" Gaby Roslin gushed: "Huge CONGRATULATIONS gorgeous girl." Giovanna Fletcher echoed: "CONGRATULATIONS!!!! Xxxx." "Congrats mate," fellow X Factor alum Jake Quickenden added, as Joel Corry commented: "Woooo massive congrats to you both !!!" The newly-engaged couple first met during lockdown after Ella joined a dating app during a period of feeling lonely while the world was shut down. Speaking to the Metro, she said: "The reason for going on the dating app was because it was a long period of time before we could go out and socialise. "I missed my friends and wanted to go to the bar, have a cocktail, chat somebody up and let them chat you up but you couldn’t have that time to do that." DON'T MISS... Gwyneth Paltrow admits she no longer wears makeup[LATEST]Ricky Gervais’ most brutal and epic Golden Globes insults[AWARDS]Britney Spears blasts claims she was at party with Paris Hilton[INSTAGRAM] The singer explained that she had just come out of a long-term relationship when she swiped right for Jack. "It couldn’t have happened at a better time, him and I, because I was already winding up the album and once the initial lockdown hit in the UK, I was at a place of finalising the album," Ella admitted when discussing her relationship last year. She also spoke about how her relationship with Jack was an inspiration for her second studio album, Chapter One, explaining: "It’s interesting because when I look back on the last two, three years of me. "I suffer very badly with anxiety and panic attacks and I think when you’re in that you don’t know you’re in it and I couldn’t write about it then so I feel like now I’ve definitely opened up a lot in my writing sessions and I’ve written about those times as well." The singer went on to gush about her "fellow northerner" Jack and recall everything just "falling into place" when she met the retired athlete. Ella, who was just 16-years-old when she appeared on The X Factor in 2012, has described their romance as a "lockdown success story" elsewhere and explained how she and Jack didn't "physically meet each other" for nine weeks. "The funniest thing about our relationship is that for the first eight to nine weeks, we didn’t physically meet," Ella told OK! magazine last year. "It was all done through a phone or FaceTime. We built up a great friendship and fell in love."  