Chelsea are reportedly set to face strong competition from Premier League rivals Newcastle in the race to sign Borussia Dortmund star Youssoufa Moukoko. The Germany international is out of contract at the end of the season, catching the attention of Europe’s giants. Moukoko confirmed himself as one of the brightest talents in the Bundesliga last year with six goals and three assists in 14 appearances. The forward has been one of Dortmund’s most influential players this season and the Signal Iduna Park outfit are desperate for him to pen a new deal at the club. However, with interest growing from Premier League outfits, it is looking unlikely that the forward remains in Germany beyond this summer. Manchester United, Liverpool and Chelsea are all interested in signing Moukoko, though Newcastle appear to have taken the initiative by directly approaching the player. According to the Evening Standard, the Magpies have ‘verbally offered’ the Dortmund star a deal that will see him earn ‘in excess of £150,000 per week. The contract will be on the table from the summer when Moukoko is set to become a free agent. Barcelona are also believed to hold an interest in the teenage sensation and are waiting to make their approach in hope that he refuses to pen a new deal with Dortmund. The La Liga outfit’s financial situation means that they are unable to pay extortionate transfer fees for players, instead poaching stars when their contracts expire and playing on the history of the club to make signings rather than wages. Chelsea were heavily linked with Moukoko earlier this season and there was speculation that they would be willing to sign him this month. However, their torrid league form has prompted them to approach Joao Felix of Atletico Madrid. The Portugal international has agreed to join the Blues on loan until the end of the season, despite interest from United and Arsenal, with Atletico receiving a significant £9million for his services. Felix has fallen out of favour under Diego Simeone and was told that he was free to leave the club this month – on loan or permanently. Graham Potter’s side have struggled recently and are in desperate need of another attacking threat, with injury problems stacking up at Stamford Bridge. Raheem Sterling and Christian Pulisic were both ruled out with injuries last week, with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang also sidelined with a back problem and Armando Broja out until next season.