Jurgen Klopp has always insisted that he will remain at Liverpool despite their poor form this season, but his words are set to be put to the test. The Reds are ninth in the Premier League and were knocked out of the FA Cup on Sunday, prompting renewed fears that Klopp could call time on his seven-year reign. The Liverpool icon penned a new deal until 2026 only recently. But this season’s form has mirrored the woes of the Borussia Dortmund team he decided to leave in 2015. Fans have harboured concerns that Klopp may choose to quit before the end of his contract. That is despite the German insisting that he plans to stay. When it was announced that Liverpool were being put up for sale by FSG, Klopp said he would be committed to the Merseysiders regardless of who the owner was. He said: "What I read is that they are looking for investment. Good idea, I like that. But it didn't distract preparation at all. The players didn't ask me and, for me, it means nothing. JUST IN: Four unlikely deals that may still happen before the transfer deadline "I have a great relationship with FSG. I really like how it works but if it does change, I am committed to the club and that is nothing to do with the people here.” Prior to that news, Klopp was linked with the Germany job after the country’s dismal World Cup campaign. According to wide-ranging reports, the 54-year-old has an exit clause in his new Liverpool contract that will see him allowed a seamless transition back to his homeland when the time comes. But Klopp denied that he was set to replace Hansi Flick, who ultimately remained in his job. The Liverpool boss said: "It's not completely out of the question that I'll be the national coach at some point. But it has to fit. And so far it hasn't. And if I end the contract in Liverpool, then nothing will definitely be done for a year." His agent, Marc Kosicke, reaffirmed that position, adding: "This is a media topic. Jurgen has a contract until 2026 and he intends to fulfil it." A month earlier, Kosicke had said of Klopp's future amid some disappointing results: "I can assure [you] that Jurgen Klopp has no intention of resigning from Liverpool FC. The fact that problems could arise this season due to the past intensive season was taken into account by the club's owners before the start of the season. DON'T MISS...Jurgen Klopp rules out late Liverpool transfers and claims 'all good'Liverpool standards drop off cliff as VAR luck counts for nothingAndy Robertson admits Liverpool getting 'worse' in brutal assessment "Jurgen enjoys the backing of the people in charge and is in regular contact with them. He loves the club, his team and the fans and is determined to continue and successfully complete the transition in Liverpool. He didn't extend his contract until 2026 for nothing." Liverpool will hope they do not make the same mistake as Dortmund made eight years ago. CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke has previously said that one of his biggest regrets was not persuading Klopp to remain after a poor 2014-15 campaign. “We did not try to change his mind anymore,” Watzke said. “But that was maybe a mistake. Perhaps it would have been better if we had exchanged the entire team – not the coach. Because I knew that, we would never get back such a coach. When I said goodbye, real tears came.” Klopp has suggested that he remains committed to Liverpool for the long-term. But a progressive spiral in results will not ease concerns that he will decide to depart Anfield.