Arsenal look set to sign Chelsea midfielder Jorginho after the Blues reportedly accepted a £12million deadline day offer for the ace. The 31-year-old has been a key player for Chelsea in recent seasons but is coming to the end of his contract at Stamford Bridge, with the Blues opting to cash in on him before they lose him for nothing. And Express Sport takes a look at six shirt numbers the Italy international could be handed at the Emirates Stadium. The No 2 is currently up for grabs after it was vacated by Hector Bellerin when he left the Emirates Stadium to join Barcelona last summer. Jorginho may be against putting that number on his back as it’s normally reserved for right-backs. But if he wants to have a starting shirt between one and 11, it’s his only option. Jorginho has been wearing the No 5 for Chelsea and has played in the No 8 for Italy in recent years. But those two shirts are occupied by Thomas Partey and Martin Odegaard respectively. The No 19, which graced Jorginho’s back during his time with Verona, is currently in the hands of new signing Leandro Trossard. So the Italian will be in unfamiliar territory with his Arsenal squad number. Jorginho could give the No 13 a go if he isn’t worried about any bad luck he might get in return. The No 13 is usually reserved for goalkeepers at the Emirates Stadium, with David Ospina, Wojciech Szczesny and Jens Lehmann all wearing it for parts of their Arsenal careers. But winger Aleksandr Hleb wore it for two seasons in the mid-noughties. JUST IN: Tottenham could do three deals before 11pm January transfer deadline The No 20, which has previously been worn by the likes of Shkodran Mustafi, Mathieu Flamini and Matthew Upson, is available after being handed to Nuno Tavares last season. And Jorginho may decide the even multiple of his favoured No 5 works for him. There are a whole host of free numbers in the 20s, with 22 also failing to find an owner this campaign. Centre-back Pablo Mari wore the 22 for two seasons in north London but moved on loan to Monza last summer. DON'T MISS...Transfer deadline day deal sheet - What is a deal sheetTottenham may have been given huge Porro favour by ex-Arsenal starTottenham target Porro 'distraught' as deal at risk over £2.6m dispute  Jorginho could prefer to wear a shirt in the 30s and may dart towards the No 32 if none of the lower numbers pique his interest. The 32 was worn by Aaron Ramsdale last season and has also adorned Emile Smith Rowe and Theo Walcott. If Jorginho really wants to draw attention to himself in north London he could opt for a high number, which has been in fashion overseas over the years. The No 77 has been worn by Bukayo Saka and Henrikh Mkhitaryan in the past and could make an unexpected comeback if Jorginho decides it’s the one for him. 