Logan Paul was so confident that Salt Papi was going to do the business on Josh Brueckner that he bet a staggering £81,000 ($100,000) on the TikToker to win his Misfits 4 undercard bout. Logan rates Papi highly and would like to see him square off against his brother, Jake Paul, next. It was a trademark Papi display from the off last night as he thoroughly outboxed his much larger foe with relative ease – showboating and clowning his way to victory. Presenting a clear target and luring Brueckner in, Papi landed a perfectly timed pull counter to close out the show in the second round and improve his record to 3-0. The Filipino puncher is quickly establishing himself as one of the best fighters in the crossover boxing scene and even impressed professional boxing star Chris Eubank Jr - who was on the broadcast team for his previous outing against Andy Warski. “When I was watching him licking his lips in front of his opponent before the fight, I was like, ‘This kid’s got something,'" said Eubank Jr. "It became very clear early on with the foot movement, the in-and-out, that he’s been practicing his footwork. And then he hit him with the two-piece combo and the guy went to sleep, incredible. “If you look at him, he looks like he works a nine-to-five at a cheese factory. So, to see him come out there, moonwalk, dance, lick his lips and then knock a guy out, that’s box office right there.” Another man that has sung Papi’s praises is Logan, who tweeted after the fight: “Salt Papi vs. Jake Paul, I need it.” To which, Jake replied: “I’d f*** Salt Papi.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul's instant reaction to KSI KO'ing FaZe Temperrr caught on camera KSI 'agrees to fight' against ex-Haye foe after vicious KO of Temperrr Slim outpoints Zanetti in brutal war and calls out KSI The YouTuber turned WWE superstar is a great admirer of Papi’s work and watched on in delight as the 28-year-old returned him his winnings for a lucrative bet. When asked who he thought would win between Papi and Brueckner, Paul replied: “Salt Papi one hundred per cent, I put one hundred k on him.” Papi is unlikely to face Jake next with the Problem Child looking at fights against bigger names in the industry. According to British promoter Frank Warren, Jake and Tommy Fury are currently in negotiations to stage their long-awaited grudge match this year and that would precedent over any other potential match-up. However, Papi does look set to secure a mega payday against fellow content creator King Kenny – who verbally agreed to a fight on last night’s broadcast.