BBC hit detective series Father Brown makes its big comeback tomorrow (January 6) on BBC One at 1.45pm. Fans will be getting a whole new set of cases with the eponymous Catholic priest sleuthing once more. Season 10 has 10 new episodes which will see both old and new cast members coming to the show, here’s the lowdown on the cast on the first episode The Winds of Change. Father Brown - Mark Williams Mark Williams will be reprising his role as the priest, who will be met with some of his most perplexing cases to date. The star is known for playing Arthur Weasley in the Harry Potter film franchise, Blandings, The Fast Show and The Indian Doctor. Speaking about the new series, Williams said: “We've also got a new parish secretary, Mrs Devine. Miss Brenda Palmer, who was in an episode last year, and Chief Inspector Sullivan are back. “We’ve got some very good episodes this year. In one, Princess Margaret visits a school. We did that a couple of days ago, and it went rather well. There was a brass band and stuff. Not a dry eye in the house!” Mrs Devine - Claudie Blakley Claudie Blakley takes on Mrs Devine in the new series and take on the part of his right-hand woman as he goes around helping him in his investigations. Blakley has appeared in Severance, Pride & Prejudice, Gosford Park, Bright Star and Man vs Bee on Netflix most recently. On joining the show, Blakley said: “It's gone to 10 series for a reason. There's so much great stuff about it. The fact that Mark is at the helm is brilliant. I'm a massive fan of his. “So to be his right-hand woman really appealed. Also, to play a comedic sort of role for me was really attractive. “I got to go to the Cotswolds and solve crimes and drive around in a Morris Minor and have a good time. It ticked every box. 10 episodes of glorious storylines. I was very lucky really.” Sergeant Goodfellow - John Burton John Burton is back again as fan-favourite Sergeant Goodfellow, the local police officer who is also on hand to help Father Brown. Burton’s other big roles include Coronation Street, Dream Team, Noah’s Ark, Brookside and Doctors. Peter Mossop - Mike Sengelow Mike Sengelow will be taking on the part of Peter Mossop in the first episode. Sengelow has featured in Hollywood movies Wonder Woman 1984, Mirror, Mirror, Save Jane, Takeover and most recently in ITV’s Stonehouse.  Jennifer Mossop - Clare-Louise English Clare-Louise English appears as Jennifer Mossop in the opening instalment. English counts credits in Channel 4’s The Accident. The Quiet Ones, Then Barbara Met Alan and Confetti. Harry Grover - Aidan McArdle Aidan McArdle will be playing property developer Harry Grover, who is hoping to build a new development in the village. He has starred in Ella Enchanted, The Duchess, The Professor and the Madman, The Trial of Christine Keeler, Red Election and Sense8. DON'T MISS...GB News uproar over claims Meghan and Harry ‘milking Diana’s legacy’ [VIEWER REACTION]Ruth Langsford shares Eamonn Holmes bedroom confession [UPDATE]Lorraine Kelly shut down by rail boss over strike 'celebrity' probe' [VIDEO] Joe Telford - Lucas Hare Lucas Hare will be playing Joe Telford and viewers may recognise him from EastEnders, Die Another Day, Broadchurch, The Rook and The Undeclared War. Scarlett Streatham - Witney White Witney White takes on the part of Scarlett Streatham and has several credits to her name such as Doctors, Cleaning Up and Holby City. Brendan Streatham - Ash Hunter Ash Hunter will be appearing as Brendan Streatham in Father Brown after featuring in Harlots, Bridgerton, The Secret Agents and The Trial of Christine Keeler. Agnes Burns - Elizabeth Bennett Elizabeth Bennett plays Agnes Burns who will be vying to become Farther Brown’s assistant and previously appeared in Calendar Girls, Largo Winch, Baby Boom and Doctors. Father Brown season 10 starts tomorrow on BBC One at 1.45pm