The Yellowstone prequel 1923 is heating up as the land rivalry between the Duttons and other ranchers started getting out of hand. Viewers are waiting to find out whether Jacob Dutton (played by Harrison Ford) pulled through after he was caught up in a huge shootout. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how he is related to 1883's James Dutton (Tim McGraw). 1923 follows the second generation of Duttons through the Great Depression and Prohibition in Montana. The first episode explained how Jacob and his wife Cara (Helen Mirren) had taken over the ranch from their close family. Jacob is the brother of James Dutton and he took over the ranch from his sibling after James died. When he learned James' wife Margaret (Faith Hill) was also dead, he raised the couple's children as his own. READ MORE: Michelle Randolph from 1923 has a famous partner Jacob's nephews are Spencer Dutton (Brandon Sklenar) and John Dutton Sr (James Badge Dale). Spencer is currently in Africa, working as a wild cat hunter, but it seems he could be on his way back to Montana soon. Sadly John Dutton Senior was killed in the latest episode and Cara asked her nephew to return from Africa to help protect his family. Jacob's great-nephew is Jack Dutton (Darren Mann), who is John Dutton Senior's only child. He and his fiancée Liz Strafford (Michelle Randolph) were both shot in the latest episode. With at least one major Dutton death, the family feels more vulnerable than ever before. Cara was determined to see her husband live, but she did not look hopeful when the doctor finally arrived. It would be a miracle if Jacob did survive the ambush, as he was convinced he would not pull through. DON'T MISS... 1923 teases Harrison Ford exit following major Dutton death [INSIGHT] All you need to know about Spencer Dutton in 1923 [EXPLAINER] Yellowstone 1923 family tree explained as Jacob and Cara Dutton appear [INSIGHT] James Badge Dale revealed the cast has tried to determine all of the relations leading up to Yellowstone patriarch John Dutton (Kevin Costner). He told The Hollywood Reporter: "This was the running joke. Harrison and I would be like, ‘I think we’re related, I don’t know how.' "We all need a flow chart. I don’t know the tree. I’ve seen [flow charts] online, when people have tried to create them. "I don’t know if those are accurate or not. And here’s the thing, this is Taylor [Sheridan’s] universe. "We could be saying one thing or thinking one thing, and Taylor can decide something else and we’ll be watching and realize it’s a little different and he’ll change it up.” While speaking with Collider, Harrison opened up about Jacob's brother James' untimely death when he was shot by horse thieves. He said: "I can't conceive of Tim McGraw's character as having failed. "I would say that the circumstances overwhelmed him, but it's not a flaw of his character. The same Dutton steel is in Jacob that there was in the character Tim played."  1923 airs on Sundays and Mondays on Paramount Plus.