Silent Witness is returning to BBC one and Jack Hodgson (played by David Caves) comes to the aid of an old friend. Meanwhile, Nikki Alexander (Emilia Fox) needs to tread carefully as she deals with a family of serving police officers. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. Bill is played by Richard Cordery, a film, TV and stage actor known for his roles in Doc Martin and Whitechapel. The star has also appeared in Midsomer Murders, The Crown and About Time. He is mostly known for his theatre roles.  Kate is played by Leo Hatton, a London-born actress who has also worked as a set designer and writer of short films. Her acting credits include Death in Paradise, Endeavour, Queens and Maigret. READ MORE: Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ devastating double death Mike is played by Luke Allen-Gale, a 38-year-old actor known for his roles in Dominion and Monroe. He made his acting debut in Wallander and went on to star in The American Plan and The Borgias.  Ray is played by Shane Attwooll, a Welsh actor who has worked in the film, TV and West End theatre industry. His credits include Carnival Row, The Alienist, The Trouble With Maggie Cole and Holby City. Bridget Laing is played by Sarah Woodward, a 59-year-old British actress known for her role in Tom and Clem. She is also known for her roles in The Real Thing, Death in Paradise, Professor T and Queens of Mystery.  Carol is played by Melissa Batchelor, an actress and street dancer who landed her first TV role at 15 years old. Her credits include Hollyoaks, Three Day Millionaire, UGetMe and Harry and Cosh.  Neil is played by Jamie Kenna, a British actor and former semi-professional footballer. Kenna starred as Phill Whittaker in Coronation Street, and his other credits include The Last Enemy and The Bank Job. DON'T MISS... Silent Witness fans told ‘turn off’ as they complain about BBC drama Silent Witness welcomes back a familiar face to the BBC series Silent Witness fans 'work out' link to Holby City Andrew is played by Joshua Hill, a London-born actor who played PC Mike Randall in Vera. His other credits include Pride, Legend and Cruella.  Meena is played by Krupa Pattani, known for his role Biff and Chip, Vampire Academy and EastEnders. She is probably best known for playing Farrah Maalik in Hollyoaks.  Alan Webb is played by Charles Abomeli, a British actor known for his role in Torchwood: Children of Earth. He is also known for his work with the Royal Shakespeare Company, including the stage adaptation of Noughts and Crosses. Lisa is played by Scarlett Brookes, a RADA student who is known for her theatre roles. Her other credits include Kiri, Call the Midwife and Journey to the Centre of the Earth.  Miriam Harper is played by Suzanne Packer, a 60-year-old Welsh actress known for playing Tess Bateman in Casualty. Her other credits include The Pembrokeshire Murders, In My Skin and Doctor Who.  Wes is played by Oliver Huntingdon, known for his roles in Happy Valley, The Rising and Domina. Viewers may also recognise him from The Colour Room and Just Charlie.  Silent Witness airs on BBC One at 9pm