Jake Paul has admitted that he is ‘tired of beating up old dudes’ and wants to box some younger opponents in 2023. The Problem Child was recently called out by ex-Conor McGregor opponent Donald Cerrone but Paul isn’t interested in fighting the retired 39-year-old UFC star as he is too old. During his six-fight professional boxing career, Paul has made a habit out of competing against aging MMA fighters. Paul has boxed the likes of Anderson Silva, Tyron Woodley and Ben Askren who were all past their best when they clashed with the ex-Disney actor. But Paul wants to move past this phase of his career and start boxing young, hungry contenders. "Interesting [a fight against Cerrone]. I mean I don’t know, I’m kind of tired of beating these old dudes up like that,” he told The Schmo. "You know what I’m saying? So, I’m just trying to get someone in there who is younger. But they’re all scared, honestly. They’re just trying to protect their records.” Paul’s comments come after Cerrone recently told Thiccc Boy Studios: “Would I like to fight him [Paul]? How could I say no to millions of dollars? I would definitely go out there and do it, but I’m not sitting here saying, ‘Jake you’re a YouTuber, you’re not worth a f**k, blah blah blah.’ No, man. "You’re making money and if you want to throw some money my way, I’m with you. The Jake Paul phenomenon is kind of crazy, it’s got everyone calling him out. It’s kind of like the big Conor push. I feel like that’s happening with Jake Paul. Everyone wants in, and I don’t see why they wouldn’t, that’s a big money fight. You can't take it away from him. MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua warned Wilder could end his career due to AJ's 'terrible' trait Joshua tipped not to insert 'interesting clause' in trainer's contract Joshua urged to snub Jones and end US tour as 'mad' idea put forward "Everyone is saying those are rigged fights, and I think he’s hitting hard. I really do think those are legitimate shots and strikes, and he’s been practicing boxing, and he’s whipping their a**es. I don’t think there’s any missed hype, I think he’s got something going.” A potential opponent that fits the profile of a ‘young fighter’ is fierce rival Tommy Fury. The pair are currently in negotiations to stage their long-awaited grudge match after two previously failed attempts. According to Fury’s promoter, Frank Warren, talks have been ‘positive’ with both sides eager to make it happen. The Queensbury Promotions chief is confident that fans will finally see the influencer super fight in 2023. 