Mykhaylo Mudryk has broken his silence on joining Chelsea following his failed transfer to Arsenal. The Ukraine star completed his move to the Blues on Sunday and the deal was announced during the match against Crystal Palace. Mudryk looked set to join Arsenal as recently as Saturday afternoon. The Gunners were prioritising his signing and he had repeatedly made it clear on social media he was keen on joining the Premier League leaders. However, Arsenal were not prepared to match Shakhtar Donetsk's £88million asking price. As Shakhtar mulled over Arsenal's third offer, Chelsea stole a march and offered what the Ukrainian club were demanding. Mudryk flew to England on Saturday evening and completed his medical on Sunday. He was pictured at Stamford Bridge ahead of kick-off against Crystal Palace. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE   And during the first half, it was announced he had completed his move, signing an eight-and-a-half-year contract. Mudryk has given a brief comment following the completion of the deal. He singled out the project, as well as the opportunity to work under Graham Potter and his staff, as two key reasons why he has joined Chelsea. Mudryk told the official Chelsea website: "I’m so happy to sign for Chelsea. "This is a huge club, in a fantastic league and it is a very attractive project for me at this stage of my career. I’m excited to meet my new team-mates and I’m looking forward to working and learning under Graham Potter and his staff." Chelsea owner Todd Boehly continues to spend big in the transfer market. The American has now taken his total spending on new signings to over £400million in just two windows. DON'T MISSManchester United boss Ten Hag may have pulled off transfer masterstrokeWeghorst had ulterior motive to join Man Utd as revelation comes to lightMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in private  The American believes Mudryk will be a top player for a sustained period at the club. Boehly said: "We are delighted to welcome Mykhaylo to Chelsea. "He’s a hugely exciting talent who we believe will be a terrific addition to our squad both now and in the years to come. He will add further depth to our attack and we know he’ll get a very warm welcome to London." Mudryk could be in line to make his Chelsea debut away at Liverpool next Saturday. The 22-year-old only began pre-season training with Shakhtar last week so is short of match fitness. However, his arrival will be a major boost to Potter's attacking options. Chelsea had scored just 21 goals in 18 league matches this season heading into the visit of Palace.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here