A mother has told of her heartbreak after her nine-year-old son's cancer was mistaken for long-Covid. Jess Huckerby, 36, from Wolverhampton, wants to raise awareness of the signs and symptoms of brain cancer in children after her son Aston's life was turned upside down by a tumour. Aston, a talented young footballer, was suffering from symptoms such as headaches, vomiting and extreme fatigue. Jess describes how her son would sleep for 36 hours straight and struggle to stay awake for more than 30 minutes. The boy's GP believed the symptoms pointed to long-Covid, but when Aston suffered a blackout and seizure in August, he went back for a CT scan which showed swelling on his brain. An MRI scan then confirmed that it was brain cancer that was causing Aston's discomfort. Speaking to the Mirror, his mother Jess said: "There needs to be more awareness raised about childhood cancers. "The NHS is wonderful but doctors don't have the time or resources they need to recognise red flags immediately. "Aston's symptoms ticked some of the boxes of long covid, but he could have been diagnosed with cancer much sooner." Aston underwent three surgeries in August to have the brain tumour removed, and was then given chemotherapy until November. After this, he received intensive radiotherapy every day for a month. Jess accidentally let slip to Aston that he had cancer, and he became "very upset". READ MORE: Difficulty moving your jaw could signal certain disorders She added: "We told Aston that he had a lot of muck in his head and it was stopping his brain from working properly. "When he'd finished all his surgeries, we accidentally dropped the 'cancer' word and he got really upset. "But Aston is such a positive and cheerful boy that after five minutes of tears, he took it in his stride. "I am incredibly proud of him. He is always the kid that makes other children laugh and is so caring. "The ward staff have even asked him to be a cancer ambassador when he turns 10 as he's dealt with it all amazingly." Despite his incredibly difficult situation, the nine-year old remains positive and hopes that his treatment will succeed. He told The Mirror: "Having cancer has changed a lot of things in my life but there's no point in negativity. DON'T MISSJonnie Irwin says it's 'bl**dy hard' in update amid cancer battle [INSIGHT]63-year-old woman with breast cancer waited six months for PIP [ANALYSIS]Ageless Jane Fonda exercises in tracksuit after positive cancer update [INSIGHT] "I'm hoping the treatment I'm having is going to make those tumours explode and go away. I can't wait to get back to football and school." Aston's love for football has seen him attract the attention of Premier League side Aston Villa – the nine-year-old was named after the club by his dad. Scouts at the Midlands club wanted Aston to visit talent scouts prior to his health complications. Aston still dreams of playing for the club once he recovers from his health issues. Jess says her son is getting on with life the best he can while his treatment continues. She added: "We don't know what the future holds for Aston so we take it one day at a time and accept the here and now. "Aston is back to his old self and he's our boy. It's not the end of the world and there are amazing doctors and treatments out there." Her son recently received a Star Award from Cancer Research UK, an award that honours him for children with cancer for their bravery and resilience.