  Actress Pamela Anderson, 55, has described how her mother once told her she would “never have a romantic relationship again” if she was honest about her salary. The star is currently promoting her explosive new memoir Love, Pamela, which sees her take back control of her own narrative for the very first time.     During a new interview, the star recalled how, after being “relentlessly” pursued by the casting director of Baywatch, she joined the show in 1992. Within a year of joining the popular 90’s action drama series about lifeguards who patrol the beaches of Los Angeles, she had become its most highly-paid actress. However, her mother Carol was apparently unimpressed with her new salary, as she felt it would hurt her daughter’s love life. Pamela said her mother told her: “I feel bad for you. You're never going to have good sex again if you make more money than a man. READ MORE: Jennifer Lopez' ex Marc Anthony remarries as their children stay in LA     “If you do make more, lie to them. Because otherwise you'll never have a romantic relationship again,” Pamela recalled her mother saying during an interview with the Sunday Times. She went on to explain how, once she became a mother herself, she told her mother that she wanted to be financially independent. Pamela shares two sons with ex-husband Tommy Lee: Brandon Thomas,  26 and Dylan Jagger, 25. "I didn't want to rely on anybody else,” she recalled. “I was going to be able to look after my kids no matter what.      “She said that was a self-fulfilling prophecy to think like that,” Pamela said of her mother. Pamela has been married a total of six times over the past 28 years, starting with Mötley Crüe drummer Tommy in 1995. The pair later divorced in 1998 after their marriage broke down following the couple’s infamous leaked sex tape. In 1996, they had become one of the first celebrity couples to fall victim to a sex tape scandal, when their private video was stolen and sold on the internet. READ MORE... Pamela Anderson admits Hugh Hefner was only man to give her respect [NEWS] Jeremy Clarkson fears Charles' Coronation will be the last for England [UPDATE] Priscilla Presley challenges Riley on amendment to Lisa Marie's trust [INSIGHT]      The actress went on to marry musician Kid Rock eight years later, but they quickly divorced the following year. Pamela then married professional poker player Rick Salomon twice – once in 2007, and again in 2014, with each marriage lasting for one year. Her shortest marriage came in 2020 when she tied the knot with longtime friend, the film producer Jon Peters. While they stayed together for just 12 days, the director has since revealed that he will leave his ex $10m in his will “whether she needs it or not”.      Finally, Pamela’s self-described “worst marriage” came in 2020, when she said “I do” to builder Dan Hayhurst, whom she hired to work on the renovation of her childhood home. The pair later divorced in 2022 and Pamela has since been single in what she has described as “the best year of her life”. You can buy Love, Pamela from Waterstones, Amazon and other retailers now. Read the full interview with Pamela in The Sunday Times.   