One of the most fashionable interior designs is painting walls dark colours; it’s not only extremely modern, but also a very bold move. Before rolling the paint onto the walls, ceiling, doors and radiators, there are a few things to consider to ensure the finished look is a success. Whether it’s a bedroom or an office, the function of a room is important when it comes to designing it. How frequently the room is used, is also crucial when choosing a paint colour, especially when decorating with dark colours as the shade can be “greatly influenced” by what’s around. If it’s a room you’re going to be spending a lot of time working in, then “painting the whole room in navy blue” for example, is unlikely to inspire “joyful play or inspirational work”, interior designer Kate Watson-Smyth said. Dark shades are great for “evening rooms” or rooms that you are only in occasionally. They also make the “ideal bedroom paint colour” because they can create a warm, cocooning atmosphere which is more desirable for a room used typically at night. READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire’s quiet life in London - average home fetches £750k Dark colours are said to “look much more modern and dramatic when the woodwork matches”. Painting woodwork the same colour as the walls can “make the ceilings look higher”, Kate said. For anyone a little nervous about painting 80 percent of a room a dark colour, the interior designer suggests “a toning, or paler, version of the base colour”. Painting every surface - walls, woodwork and doorframes - in one colour is known as colour drenching. It’s really effective when dark paint is used because skirting boards don’t end up looking like socks at the bottom of the wall, thus distracting from the statement colour. Radiators also run the risk of being distracting if they are not painted the same colour, so either hide them behind a cover which you can paint, or blend them in. DON'T MISS...Every Chinese zodiac animal explained ahead of Chinese New Year 2023 [HOROSCOPE]Game-changing method to poach eggs without a saucepan [VIDEO]Michael Mosley’s safe and effective’ keto diet to lose weight fast [COMMENT] While feature walls can be incredibly effective, if the intention is to paint the whole room in a dark colour, not finishing the other three walls can feel like a mistake. “Painting one wall dark and leaving the rest white looks as if you didn’t have the courage to go for the full wraparound," Kate commented. For anyone worried the room will be too dark if all four walls are painted, Kate offered a solution; paint “all four walls halfway up” and then “use a paler shade for the top and ceiling”. This will also make the room look bigger as the pale colour gives the illusion of an extended ceiling and wider walls. READ MORE: Keep your house warm without 'wasting heat through the day' Unless you change the flooring, the style that’s already down - be it carpet or hard flooring - can influence the finished look. Anyone decorating with grey should consider the floor, Kate says “the depth of the shade is hugely impacted by the flooring”. "You can keep the floor and ceiling pale but you need to follow through with cool flooring – an oatmeal twist carpet and a forest green wall aren’t going to work,” she added. This point is essential if you’re painting your living room dark, as it’s a key entertaining space that can set the tone for the rest of the property, so it should “feel balanced and considered”. "A well-lit room can take dark colours but a small space with no windows will also work if you want to embrace its lack of natural light," Kate told Woman and Home. She also said you need to think about the architecture of the home and room, and whether painting a room in a dark colour is worth having lights on all day to see.