Cristiano Ronaldo's January move to Saudi Arabia is reportedly being viewed as the 'ultimate revenge' mission. Al Nassr have signed the Portuguese icon on a two-and-a-half-year contract but weren't the first Saudi club to show an interest in a blockbuster swoop. Ronaldo is earning the biggest salary in football history after leaving European football for the Middle East, with his deal worth £177million per year, including commercial agreements. He left Manchester United in November after the club terminated his contract in response to his bombshell interview with Piers Morgan, blasting their Glazer family owners, among several other topics. But the 37-year-old striker could've left Old Trafford for Saudi Arabia in the summer when Al Hilal, considered the country's biggest club, came calling. Ronaldo turned the opportunity down to remain at United, but his move to bitter rivals Al Nassr just months later will have been taken as a painful kick in the teeth. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE According to The Athletic, Al Nassr view beating Al Hilal to his signature as an almighty coup and 'ultimate revenge' for the latter's recent Saudi Pro League dominance. While thousands lined the streets of Riyadh to welcome Ronaldo to his new home, Al Nassr revelled in the limelight as Al Hilal were forced to watch from a distance against their will. The reigning SPL and Asian Champions League winners would have been the clear favourites to recruit Ronaldo... had they not been serving a transfer ban this month. Al Hilal were punished after extending midfielder Mohamed Kanno's contract despite the Saudi Arabia international signing a contract to join Al Nassr. DON'T MISS: Cristiano Ronaldo leaves Al-Nassr team-mate open-mouthed in training  An unsuccessful appeal against punishment meant the SPL giants couldn't react as Al Nassr gained vengeance by securing one of the most impactful football signings of all time. To make matters worse for Al Halil, Ronaldo is joining an Al Nassr side currently top of the league, three points ahead of the reigning champions, Al-Shabab and Al-Taawoun. The five-time Ballon d'Or winner won't have arrived in the Middle East to run out his career with a healthy paycheck and will be eyeing more silverware to add to his illustrious collection. Meanwhile, Al Hilal will be watching his exploits, likely pondering where they would be if it were them who had brought him to the region. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here