The tailor at Meghan's bridesmaids' dress fitting - which became the subject of intense drama between the Duchess and Kate, Princess of Wales - has admitted that he was "not surprised" the event ended in tears. After staying silent for four years, luxury suit and dressmaker Ajay Mirpuri said that while he did not witness the argument itself, he offered a startling glimpse into what caused the now notorious row between Kate and Meghan that all started when Princess Charlotte, who was a bridesmaid, burst into tears.  He told the Daily Mail that he and three staff had to work round the clock at Kensington Palace and Windsor Castle for four days before Prince Harry and Meghan's 2018 wedding after it was discovered that none of the six bridesmaids' dresses fitted. Initial reports of an argument between the Princess of Wales and the Duchess of Sussex suggested that Kate had been left in tears by the altercation - but Meghan later disputed this in her 2021 interview with Oprah Winfrey, saying it was she who had been left upset. Prince Harry also wrote in his newly-released memoir, Spare, that his wife was left "on the floor sobbing" after the argument.  Mr Mirpuri, 45, who has a showroom in London's West End, said he could understand "why anybody would be upset" at the disruption to plans. He said: "If anything happened in the background, it didn't happen in front of me. "But yes, weddings are stressful at the best of times – and especially one at this high level; you've got to respect that. They were faced with a problem like anyone gets at a wedding, with last-minute hitches. I can understand why anybody would be upset if the dresses weren't fitting – it's nerve-wracking. I feel for them all, because you wouldn't want the children to go out on a big stage in an ill-fitting dress – and that's what they were. "All six bridesmaids' dresses had to be fixed, and we did it. I'm a royalist and I wanted to do whatever I could with my small business to serve the Royal Family." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan have to be 'careful' in months ahead, warns Scobie [REVEAL]   He added that he was disappointed that coverage had focused on the alleged row between Kate and Meghan, and not "the fact that they [the bridesmaids] looked fabulous." In his memoir Spare, Harry provided his and Meghan's side of the argument. He claimed four days before the May 2018 wedding, Kate sent Meghan a text about her daughter Princess Charlotte crying because her dress was "too big, too long, too baggy". A tense exchange followed, in which, according to Harry's account, Meghan told Kate she had a tailor, named Ajay, "waiting all day" at Kensington Palace in order to make adjustments and urged Kate to bring Charlotte there to have the dress altered. DON'T MISS: Royal Family's Megxit deal move 'vindicated', says royal expert [REVEAL]Harry barely conceals 'anger' over lies about Meghan [INSIGHT]Meghan wore historic £3m tiara at wedding - 'wasn’t her first choice' [ANALYSIS]  Kate allegedly responded: "No, all the dresses need to be remade." Meghan repeated that Charlotte should see the designer, to which Kate is said to have replied: "Fine." The gowns were created by British designer Clare Waight Keller, artistic director of Givenchy, who also made the wedding dress. Mr Mirpuiri said: "I've no idea what measurements Givenchy had received, but with our experience and knowledge we could see straight away that all six bridesmaids' dresses had to be fixed, as they weren't going to fit." The other bridesmaids were Harry's goddaughter Florence van Cutsem; Rylan and Remi Litt, the daughters of close friends of Meghan; Ivy Mulroney, daughter of Canadian stylist Jessica Mulroney, the unofficial maid of honour; and Zalie Warren, another of Harry's goddaughters and the youngest of the group, at just two years old at the time. 