Disney+’s new sitcom Extraordinary features four rising UK stars as a group of flatmates struggling to make ends meet in a world where everyone has their own superpowers. Jen (played by Máiréad Tyers) seems to be the only one who hasn’t been blessed with a special ability, but thankfully her amnesiac shapeshifting friend affectionately nicknamed J**zlord (Luke Rollason) is around for moral support. Newcomer Rollason shared some rather embarrassing moments from his nude scenes in the first episodes of Disney+’s raucous new comedy. Rollason is first introduced as a stray cat, whom Jen and her best friend Carrie (Sofia Oxenham) named J**zlord after a run-in with a Tinder date with the power to dish out orgasms through touch. However, she soon discovers her furry new housemate is actually a young man with almost no recollection of his past before his life as a feline. In the opening episodes, Jen is shocked when her new cat miraculously transforms into a very naked Rollason, and they quickly set about trying to find his real identity. READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row “The biggest challenge was… I don’t know if you notice, but I was in the nude,” he recalled at the series’ premiere in London. “And I had a kind of little sack… sorry, a pouch! I had this pouch, a crotch bag that stretched. “I kind of had to make sure I was always presenting side-bum to camera. I’m very good at it now. “The biggest challenge was just keeping that on whilst staggering around. There’s definitely some takes where I’m holding it on…” Thankfully, Extraordinary mostly maintains Rollason’s dignity during his nude scenes and J**zlord is promptly given enough clothes to last the rest of the season. Even so, Rollason endured plenty of embarrassment on-set, and even re-lived the trauma when one of his methods for keeping everything covered was called out in post-production. “It took quite a long time to put back on,” he continued. “I would think, ‘That’s 10 minutes of time wasted’. “I panicked about making sure it would adhere, and I borrowed hair clippers from makeup.” DON'T MISS:The Last of Us season 2 confirmed after just 2 episodes [LATEST]Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row [OPINION]Big Bang Theory's Melissa Rauch says ‘never say never’ to revival [INTERVIEW] “I didn’t say why, but I just shaved a patch of hair off my bum. But when makeup found out they were livid!” Rollason’s bald patch could have been a nightmare had Extraordinary been produced under a lower-budget, as the visual effects team had to CGI over the distracting omission. Thankfully, the Disney effects team stepped in, but the actor still got an earful for the trouble he caused with his unauthorised manscaping. He explained: “They were like, ‘We’re going to have to CGI that hair back on!’” The visual effects shouldn’t be visible to the naked eye, although viewers would be forgiven for pausing some of Rollason’s lewder scenes for tell-tale signs. Despite the actor’s mishaps on-set, the super sitcom is already poised to become another big hit for Disney+ as one of the streamer’s first UK productions. Creator Emma Moran has already been given a huge vote of confidence, as Extraordinary has been renewed for a second season before the first episodes dropped on Wednesday. Extraordinary season 1 is available to stream on Disney+.