Former football star Emile Heskey responded angrily to claims that YouTuber KSI 'made him' thanks to an insulting song which went viral on the internet. The song titled 'Heskey Time' was released in 2011 featuring KSI with fellow rapper Randolph and has been viewed 11 million times on the star's Youtube page. During that time Heskey was in the latter stages of his career playing at Aston Villa while KSI was aged 18 and building his YouTube platform with videos and memes of players on the computer game FIFA. In the video Heskey is described as the "Chuck Norris of football". It adds: "The way he dribbles down the side line and looks likely to score. "Then steps over but falls over and then misses the goal. He be the greatest to ever grace us with his two left feet. That's why we watch him like every week. When he fakes his shot and hits with his left. He still, misses: Heskey" The video is accompanied by clips of Heskey on the FIFA game missing shots. KSI adds: "Bend it like Beckham, but can you bend it like Heskey? And don't even get me started on his head. When he puts it down and gives you the eyes. You know it's Heskey time." READ MORE: KSI and Jake Paul in talks over UK fight as 'contract sent' for 10-round bout   Speaking last year on the Football Daily Tiktok channel the former England striker hit back at claims the viral video "made him". He said: "That is just someone who has built a certain platform from someone else. He's taken it to a whole new level on his own. "It's funny because you'll get people who say 'he made you'. I was 17 when I made my debut, how old was he? I was 16 when I made my first team start in a pre-season game so wasn't actually an official game. I was 17 when I made my debut and 18 when I was a regular. So how can anyone make you? DON'T MISS: KSI has made a fortune from his YouTube channel and subsequent investments. He is also CEO of Misfits Boxing and will fight on their pay-per-view show on Saturday against fellow YouTuber Faze Temper. Heskey admitted that KSI has done well from his YouTube channel. He added: "It doesn't bother me. At the end of the day if you feel that you need to jump onto somebody else's back to get yourself started and go on then it is what it is. "He has done well for himself to be fair. It's funny because you look at them people and a lot of people can talk here and say 'I would have done better, I could have done this and that'. If you actually go onto a football pitch some people can't control a ball." 