Sebastian Vettel has reflected on a dramatic clash with Lewis Hamilton at the 2017 Azerbaijan Grand Prix following his retirement, admitting he was in the wrong and calling the incident a "key moment" in their friendship. During the race, Vettel was handed a 10-second stop-go penalty for making contact with Hamilton's car in apparent retaliation for what he believed was Hamilton "brake testing" him. Hamilton was furious with Vettel's actions, describing them as "disgusting". "The fact that that's the only kind of result [the penalty] you could get from such disgusting driving, that means for the whole paddock we can all drive like that and you can still score fourth place and still get away with it," he told Sky Sports at the time. "I don't really know what the penalty for that kind of driving is because I haven't come across that in terms of wheel-to-wheel battling with anyone. "I can't really remember coming across that, particularly in Formula 1. It's just not sportsman conduct." JUST IN: F1 fans think Lewis Hamilton may never get Max Verstappen revenge Vettel later apologised for his actions, admitting he "overreacted" to the initial incident and he now says the clash helped him and Hamilton become "closer to each other". In an appearance on the 'Beyond the Grid' podcast following his retirement from F1, Vettel reflected on the incident. "I was very upset," he said. "It was one of these moments where things didn't go my way and I was upset. Maybe the emotional side did take over too much. "But that moment actually was a key moment. It could have made us step away from each other more or bring us together and it brought us together. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton tipped for two more years in F1 despite stalled talksLewis Hamilton contract concern, Ferrari leaks, FIA on Andretti talksLewis Hamilton explains F1 doubts amid retirement promise "I reflect and I did think about what happened. As much as I may have felt in the moment that was not fair, not right and I wanted to tell him, it was the wrong form of communication. "It was not the right way and not sportsmanlike. I admitted [that] afterwards and we talked to each other and since that moment, we became closer to each other."