A man is his 60s has been arrested on suspicion of smuggling uranium into the UK. The Metropolitan Police said the man was arrested on Saturday January 14 at an address in Cheshire and was taken to a station in north west England for questioning. The suspect was held under Section 9 of the Terrorism Act 2006, which covers the making and possession of radioactive devices.  He was subsequently released on Sunday on bail until a date in April. His house was searched by police officers who said they found no material that could pose a threat to the public. Cheshire Police and units from Counter Terrorism North West also took part in the raid. Officers from the Met's Counter Terrorism Command were originally contacted by the UK Border Force at Heathrow on December 29, after traces of uranium were discovered in a cargo package containing scrap metal. Sources told Sky News that the uranium arrived on a flight from Oman after originating in Pakistan.   The head of the Met’s Counter Terrorism Command sought to reassure the public that all measures were being taken to ensure their safety. He emphasised that the police had not yet found any link that suggested a direct threat to the public. Commander Richard Smith said: "The discovery of what was a very small amount of uranium within a package at Heathrow Airport is clearly of concern, but it shows the effectiveness of the procedures and checks in place with our partners to detect this type of material. “Our priority since launching our investigation has been to ensure that there is no linked direct threat to the public. "To this end, we are following every possible line of enquiry available to us, which has led us to making this arrest over the weekend. READ MORE: Girl, 7, fights for life and 4 injured after shooting outside funeral  “I want to be clear that despite making this arrest, and based on what we currently know, this incident still does not appear to be linked to any direct threat to the public. “However, detectives are continuing with their enquiries to ensure this is definitely the case.” A Home Office spokesperson said: “We do not comment on live investigations.” Uranium is an element which occurs naturally. It can have nuclear-related uses once it has been refined, or enriched. DON'T MISSDennis McGrory gets life sentence for murder and rape of teenager [NEWS]Wife arrested after she 'mutilates trumpet player husband's genitals'  [REVEAL]Idaho murder suspect asked neighbour about crime [SPOTLIGHT]  This is achieved by the use of centrifuges - machines which spin at supersonic speeds. Low-enriched uranium can be used to produce fuel for commercial nuclear power plants. Highly enriched uranium has a purity of 20 percent or more and is used in research reactors. Weapons-grade uranium is 90 percent enriched or more.