While mortgage rate rises are starting to ease slightly, the market is painting a bleaker picture for first-time buyers, recent statistics show. Despite predictions of a fall in house prices in 2023, for an average first-time buyer with a 20 percent deposit and a mortgage rate of 5.5 percent, payments will now make up roughly 39 percent, of their take-home pay, according to Nationwide. This figure is up from 34 percent in the third quarter of 2022, and the highest since the 2008 financial crisis. This is largely due to exponential increases in house prices over the last few years coupled with slow wage growth, causing first-time buyers to either put off buying or turn to family and friends for help with a house deposit. According to research from Aldermore, the cost of living crisis has had an impact on up to 72 percent of potential first-time buyers, causing many to delay plans to purchase their first property to enable more time to build up their financial deposits. Nationwide calculations show it could take more than 15 years for a typical earner in London saving 15 percent of their pay packet to amass enough for a 20 percent deposit, and more than double this for savers in Scotland and the north of England.  READ MORE: 1.4 million homeowners to pay extra £250 a month  Simon Bath, property expert and CEO of iPlace Global, said: “Younger homeowners are particularly vulnerable to the significant changes in the mortgage market that have occurred over the past 12 months, mainly because they are more likely to have stretched themselves to buy when prices were higher. “To make matters worse, at this stage in their life, the younger generation are more likely to have fewer savings to dip into, while the older generation of homeowners are more likely to have built their savings up that can act as a buffer while mortgage rates and the cost of living continue to fluctuate.” According to experts at iPlace Global, some lenders are expected to trim mortgage rates this week as the housing market slows, with TSB slashing their five-year fixed rate mortgages by up to 1.3 percent and Nationwide cutting theirs by up to 0.6 percent. But while mortgage rates have fallen since the turbulent period following the Conservative’s disastrous mini-budget, they are still higher than they were at the beginning of 2022. Mr Bath said: “The rate for a typical, new two-year fixed-rate home loan peaked at 6.65 percent in October, but has now dropped to 5.78 percent. Five-year deals, which had also topped six percent, now typically have a rate of 5.61 percent.  DON'T MISS: Could you unlock money from your home to repay your mortgage? [EXPLAINED]Mortgage payments to rise by £3,000 a year as interest rates soar [INSIGHT]Three in five Brits worry they won't have enough money for the year [ANALYSIS]    “iPlace Global's data reflects how the younger generation of homeowners are feeling the effects of changes in mortgage rates more acutely than the older generations; 35 percent of Britons aged 25 to 34 have stated that they need to make swift movements to adjust their mortgage deals amidst rising interest rates, but lack the knowledge how to. This figure lowers to 12 percent for Britons aged 45 to 54 and three percent for Britons over the age of 65.” Mr Bath added: "While it is welcome news that some lenders are set to trim mortgage rates this week as the housing market slows and house prices continue to fall into the new year, they are still much higher than a year ago, which will be cause for some anxiety for younger homeowners.” Tim Leonard, a personal finance expert at NerdWallet said while getting a mortgage approved was already a challenging task for first-time buyers, “it's likely to be getting harder still”. Mr Leonard said: “With the startling rate at which house prices are increasing, many will need to be saving an even larger house deposit, at the same time as the rising cost of living is increasing their outgoings elsewhere.”  READ MORE: HMRC takes record income from death tax raids on grieving families  However, he continued: “It’s a difficult situation, but there may be some steps that can be taken to help people fulfil their homeownership dreams, even in the current financial climate.” Mr Leonard provided five key tips for potential first-time buyers to consider before taking the plunge into the property market. Check credit scores To increase the chances of being approved for a mortgage, Mr Leonard said people must keep on top of their credit score. He said: “Having a high credit score indicates a good track record of repaying debts on time. There are many online tools and services you can use to check your credit scores, such as Equifax and Experian.” Work out what can be afforded Before the search for a first home begins, it’s important for people to crunch the numbers and work out how much they might be able to spend on a house, as well as the areas where they can afford to buy. Mr Leonard said: “A simple way of doing this is to use a mortgage calculator, where you’ll usually be asked about your income, expenditure and deposit size, among other things. Remember also that buying a house means you’ll need to cover the cost of surveying, legal fees, and then the move itself.” Set up a budget and saving goals Once this has been established, Mr Leonard said it can be helpful to set a realistic budget and saving goals, as a way to work out how much can be saved each month towards a deposit. He said: “Budgeting can also help you identify where you can adjust your spending to enable you to save more money. Depending on what bank you use, some of their mobile apps might have built-in money-saving tools that can help with managing your money. It could be helpful to do some research and find a separate budgeting tool that works best for you.” Boost savings A Lifetime ISA is designed to help first-time buyers save for a first home costing up to a maximum of £450,000. The ISA can be opened at any age between 18 and 40 and people can continue adding to it until they reach 50.  Mr Leonard said: “The main benefit of a Lifetime ISA is the 25 percent bonus the Government adds to the amount you save. As you’re allowed to put up to £4,000 into a Lifetime ISA each year, that’s a potential bonus of £1,000 to be added on top each year too.” Compare different products before applying Comparing different mortgage products is imperative for any first-time buyer. Different products will have different requirements and affordability criteria to meet, and analysis can be done easily online for free. Mr Leonard said: “This could be useful if you plan on applying for the mortgage directly yourself, and it could end up saving you time in the long run, by not applying for mortgages that you don’t meet the requirements for. “Checking that you meet the affordability criteria for a mortgage is important, as lenders will do the same by looking at your income and spending habits to make sure you’ll be able to keep up with mortgage repayments in the future.” 