As a result, nearly one in three have started planning their summer holidays already, and spend an average of one hours 41 minutes a week dreaming of their next trip – adding up to over three-and-a-half days a year. The poll of 2,000 adults revealed that planning a holiday makes most Brits feel happy, with almost half (48 percent) saying they enjoy the excitement, while more than a third feel a sense of escapism. And holidaymakers' favourite parts of planning their trip include picking the destination, exploring the area online, planning the itinerary, and picking out and packing outfits. With January being named as the peak month to start dreaming about sun, sand, and sea, Virgin Atlantic has launched a new audio series, Sandscapes, to instantly transport you to a luxury destination. Radio presenter Jo Whiley, the soothing voice behind the new series, said: “My days are so hectic, trying to juggle both home and work, that I often find myself daydreaming about my next adventure. “Holidays are the perfect opportunity to relax and recharge my batteries, so I can deal with all that life throws at me. “I’ve thoroughly enjoyed lending my voice to help inspire Brits looking to book their next tropical beach break with this wander-lust audio series that offers a quick escape to some of Virgin Atlantic’s most exotic beach destinations.” Juha Jarvinen, Chief Commercial Officer at Virgin Atlantic, added: “We know our customers long for a sunny beach destination, particularly at this time of year. “Our Sandscapes series offers bite-sized experiences of Barbados, Turks and Caicos, and the Maldives, to inspire our customers to book their next adventure.” Virgin Atlantic's sale ends on January 31, with unmissable fares including £478 return to Barbados, £508 return to St Lucia and £585 to the Bahamas. The airline is launching new services to the Maldives on October 22, with return Economy fares starting from £746, and to Turks and Caicos on November 4, with fares starting from £552. To find out more about Virgin Atlantic’s Sandscapes, and to listen, visit the Virgin Atlantic Spotify, or follow the airline on Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter.