Starz has announced their popular series based on the books by Diana Gabaldon will be coming to an end. Thankfully, Outlander still has two more seasons to wrap up the story and a prequel series based on Jamie Fraser’s (played by Sam Heughan) in the works, although fans still couldn’t help expressing their disappointment. Outlander fans were crushed to learn the live-action series wouldn’t be adapting all 10 of Diana’s books. This week, Starz confirmed the series would return for one more 10-episode season following this year’s extended seventh instalment releasing over the summer. Season eight will bring Jamie and Claire’s (Caitriona Balfe) story to a sad conclusion, before the now-confirmed prequel, Blood Of My Blood, reveals more secrets about the Fraser clan. Despite the franchise continuing, hundreds of fans couldn’t help expressing how sad they were to be saying goodbye to the main cast. READ MORE: Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update On Twitter, @MissAmeliaCat admitted: “I will continue my @STARZ subscription through season eight, but really don’t know if Blood Of My Blood will keep me around.” @dougal_mo said: “Much rather Outlander was continued until the actual end as not interested in a prequel. “No Sam and Caitriona so nothing will compare. Unfortunately, your Outlander leads are just too good. Have DVDs so at least I’ll save money.” “Pleased for season eight but have zero interest in a prequel!” @dougal_mo added. “[It’s] bittersweet!” Felice Croul exclaimed. “Eight is a natural stopping point, but I was hoping for nine and 10 too (maybe a little unrealistic). “Not sure I’m as interested in the prequel as I don’t think they can replicate Sam and Caitríona’s chemistry, J&C is it for me!” Veronika Defoe said: “Interested and intrigued by the [prequel] but not over-excited. Hoping they will wait till Diana Gabaldon writes the prequel book first.” And @jessmichele98 tweeted: “Ecstatic for more Outlander, absolutely devastated they won’t go the full length of the books.” DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan deliver huge result for Netflix [LATEST]Nico Parker ‘cried’ over The Last of Us death scene [INTERVIEW]Wednesday’s Enid star pays tribute to Jenna Ortega [COMMENT] Many fans are sceptical that the new cast will be able to match up to Heughan and Balfe's sizzling chemistry as the central couple. Outlander also features Sophie Skelton and Richard Rankin as Brianna and Roger Mackenzie, and John Bell as Young Ian. All of their stories will be wrapping up over the next two seasons, and presumably won’t be appearing in the upcoming prequel. Blood Of My Blood will be set several years before Claire travels back in time to the Battle of Culloden and follow the first meetings between Jamie’s parents. An official statement from the network reads: “Starz confirmed Outlander will return for an eighth and final season consisting of 10 episodes to follow the hit period drama’s upcoming extended 16-episode season seven premiering this summer. “And while fans will certainly be disappointed that Claire and Jamie Frasier’s adventures across time and space will be ending, the show’s prequel series Blood Of My Blood has been greenlighted at Starz and will consist of 10 episodes.” Although the new prequel is an exciting prospect for Outlander fans, time will tell if the continuation proves just as popular as the original series. Outlander season 7 will premiere summer of 2023 on Starz in the USA and Lionsgate+ via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.