A terrified woman who lived at the home where four University of Idaho students were killed came face-to-face with the attacker after being woken by sobbing from one of the victims, shocking new court documents reveal. Roommate Dylan Mortenson awoke to the sound of crying on the night of the murders to find a masked man in black clothing who walked past her and toward a sliding glass door, an investigator said in court documents unsealed on Thursday.  The housemate, who wasn’t harmed in the attack, told authorities she opened her second-floor door at around 4 a.m. after hearing the crying and then stood in “frozen shock” as the man, whom she didn’t recognize, walked past her, the police investigator said. She then went back into her room and locked the door. She also heard the suspect say, 'it's ok, I'm here to help you' as he wandered the house killing. Suspect Bryan Kohberger was flown from Pennsylvania, where he was arrested, to Idaho where was charged with the murders of students Kailee Goncalves, 21, Maddie Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and Ethan Chapin, 20. All four were stabbed in their beds in the early morning of November 13. He appeared in court on Thursday in Moscow, the college town where the attack happened. He is charged with four counts of first-degree murder and felony burglary in the closely watched case that struck fear into the community along the Idaho-Washington border. His attorney in Pennsylvania, where his parents live has said he is eager to be exonerated. According to a probable cause affidavit which was unsealed at Thursday’s hearing, previously unknown details about what happened in the rental home the night of the shocking murders were released. According to the documents, Mortensen told cops she was awoken at around 4am by what sounded like victim Kaylee Goncalves, 21, 'playing with her dog' in a third-floor bedroom. A short time later Mortensen, who was in her second-floor bedroom, heard Goncalves say 'there's someone here', the affidavit reveals. Mortensen looked out of her bedroom door but didn't initially see anything.  But she opened her room a second time a short time later 'when she heard what she thought was crying' coming from victim Xana Kernodle's room. Mortensen then heard a male voice say something like, 'it's ok, I'm going to help you,' the affidavit states. At 4.17am, a security camera at a neighbour’s house picked up audio of 'what sounded like voices or a whimper followed by a loud thud. A dog can also be heard barking numerous times.' Mortensen 'stated she opened her door for the third time after she heard the crying and saw a figure clad in black clothing and a mask that covered the person's mouth and nose walking towards her. 'D.M. described the figure as 5' 10" or taller, male, not very muscular, but athletically built with bushy eyebrows. The male walked past D.M. as she stood in a "frozen shock phase". 'The male walked towards the back sliding glass door. D.M. locked herself in her room after seeing the male. 'D.M. did not state that she recognized the male. This leads investigators to believe that the murderer left the scene.' Police said Mortensen's statements, combined with phone records, led them to believe the killings took place between 4am and 4.25am. The affidavit also provided details about Kohberger, including that he applied for an internship with the Pullman Police Department in 2022. In his application, Kohberger wrote an essay expressing his interest “in assisting rural law enforcement agencies with how to better collect and analyse technological data in public safety operations.” The probable cause affidavit states that investigators entered the Moscow home on the bottom floor—before walking upstairs to find Kernodle just outside her bedroom door. Authorities say that she had wounds that “appeared to have been caused by an edged weapon.”  Inside the room, authorities found Chapin, who sustained deadly “sharp-force injuries.” On the third floor, authorities found one bedroom with a dog, where both Goncalves and Mogen were “deceased with visible stab wounds.” Authorities later noticed a “tan leather knife sheath laying next to Mogen’s right side” bearing the U.S. Marine Corps insignia and crucial DNA evidence on the button snap. Authorities also found a latent shoe print at the scene, which showed a “diamond-shaped pattern (similar to the pattern of a Vans type shoe sole) just outside” Mortensen’s door. Upon reviewing several surveillance cameras in the area, investigators were able to also determine that a white sedan was seen by the house around the time of the murders. Eventually, authorities were able to connect the car to Kohberger—whose licence photo revealed he had the same physical description, including his “bushy eyebrows,” that Mortensen detailed to police. The affidavit states that the license plates of the car had been switched shortly after the murders. Kohberger’s phone also pinged off of cell towers near the murder house immediately before and after the killings, but not between 3 a.m. and 5 a.m. 