A GB news guest has called on Meghan Markle for having “main character syndrome” in a fiery debate over Jeremey Clarkson issuing an apology to the royal couple. Speaking to Dan Wootton, TV personality Bushra Shaikh and Narinder Kaur clashed over Mr Clarkson’s comments about Meghan.  Jeremy Clarkson has said he has apologised to Harry and Meghan over his column in The Sun newspaper in which he said he "hated" the Duchess of Sussex. In a statement on Monday, he said he emailed the couple on Christmas Day to say his language had been "disgraceful" and he was "profoundly sorry". In the column, he wrote about a naked Meghan being pelted with excrement. Expressing her anger over Mr Clarkson’s comments, Ms Kaur said: "The man is a legitimise misogynistic bully. They didn’t have to accept the apology.  “His apology was a weak attempt to save his own career. “This is not an attack on Meghan Markle but on all women. “That man should never be given a platform. That man should never have been given work. This isn’t cancelling. “We should get rid of him because he is dangerous. He is vile.” READ MORE: Harry mocked again by Jimmy Kimmel with 'Prince and Penis' book However, Ms Kaur had a different point of view to the debate. While she did not support Mr Clarkson’s comments, she rather had a separate view for the Duchess of Sussex. She said: “Let’s stop character assassination. We are talking about Meghan Markle. She has main character syndrome. “She is an American coming to Great Britain who wants to take over. Harry needs to grow a pair. He needs to stop.” DON'T MISS:Met Office issues 'thundersnow' warning with intense snow in Scotland [INSIGHT]Iran hangs Brit 'after 3,500 hours of torture and interrogation' [REVEAL]Heavy rain to cause travel disruption as Met issues yellow warning [SPOTLIGHT] A spokesperson for Harry and Meghan said the article was not an isolated incident for Clarkson. Clarkson had released a statement before Christmas saying he "was horrified to have caused so much hurt". The Sun newspaper has also apologised for the December article and removed it from its website. In the column, Clarkson wrote that he lay in bed "dreaming of the day when she [Meghan] is made to parade naked through the streets of every town in Britain while the crowds chant 'Shame!' and throw lumps of excrement at her". He also claimed "everyone who's my age thinks the same way", and that her appeal to young people who "think she was a prisoner of Buckingham Palace" made him "despair". 