Manchester United have had a solid, if unspectacular, January transfer window so far. Jack Butland and Wout Weghorst have both moved to Old Trafford, with the pair arriving on loan from Crystal Palace and Burnley respectively. But with Erik ten Hag open to late signings, anything could happen. Manchester United made Butland their first signing of the winter window. The goalkeeper was drafted in from Palace as a replacement for Martin Dubravka, who returned to Newcastle after an underwhelming stint at the club. United always knew they needed a forward to replace Cristiano Ronaldo following the 37-year-old’s sudden exit in November. And despite links to Joao Felix and Alvaro Morata, the Red Devils ended up bringing in Weghorst instead - with the Netherlands international opening his account for the club in Wednesday’s 3-0 win over Nottingham Forest. United are open to making late signings this month if the right opportunity arises, however. So Express Sport now takes a look at three players who could join the Red Devils before the transfer window shuts on Tuesday. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big United are poised to send Anthony Elanga on loan to Borussia Dortmund, with the Sweden international struggling for opportunities during the first half of the season. And with the Red Devils linked with Marco Reus, it’s possible a deal can be agreed. Reus’ contract is due to expire at the end of the season, with Dortmund currently unwilling to tie him down. United recently held talks with the forward’s entourage about a possible switch, with Reus’ representatives attending the club’s stirring 2-1 win over Manchester City earlier in the month. Reus has been plagued by injuries over the course of his career but United may feel he’s a gamble worth taking given his obvious talent and huge experience. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Youri Tielemans is a curious case. The Belgium international is set to become a free agent at the end of the season - yet nobody has come forward to bid for the Leicester star. Arsenal and Newcastle, who have previously been credited with an interest, now appear to have other priorities. United arguably need another midfielder in the wake of the news Donny van de Beek will be sidelined through injury until the end of the season. So Tielemans would be one to keep an eye on, with the club previously interested during the years where Ole Gunnar Solskjaer ruled the roost. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United have seen Aaron Wan-Bissaka improve this term, despite the former Crystal Palace star previously being linked with a move away. And they’ve also coaxed the best from Diogo Dalot, too. However, United continue to be touted as potential suitors for Inter Milan star Denzel Dumfries. There was a sense back in the summer that, if funds allowed it, United would have recruited the Netherlands international from their Serie A rivals. It seems unlikely at the current moment in time but United have, after all, sprung some last-minute transfer surprises in the past… Speaking ahead of United’s clash with Reading on Friday, Ten Hag confirmed his stance on late transfer business. "In the coming days, should we have an opportunity, I would go for it,” he said. “But it's not only up to me. I think that always has to be the approach at this club. "Every day you have to get better so if there are opportunities to get better then you have to strike, that's my approach. “I’m looking, doing research, I have an idea and have profiles to strengthen the squad."