Adam Roy, CEO of accommodation rental provider The Volla, explained that there are a number of ways travellers can save money this winter when heading to a ski resort. His number one tip is to avoid putting the boots in the hold when flying as losing them can cost passengers a lot of money. The travel expert warned people against checking in luggage when going on a winter holiday and instead, "take your boots in the cabin with you". He explained why: “I’d recommend not putting your boots in the hold and keeping them with you instead. If bags are delayed or lost, you can always hire a new board or skis but getting a new pair of boots is a huge hassle. "Mainly because a replacement pair won’t be as comfortable or fit the same as your own, regardless of whether you buy a new pair or hire one. “Some airlines can be a bit funny about you taking boot bags on board though, so I’d suggest putting them inside a small suitcase of the permitted size to avoid being stopped.” READ MORE: Gorgeous European spot is 'top cheapest city' for British expats  The expert recommended people who don't have children and have a more flexible schedule travel during the off-season to save some money. The best months to find the cheapest prices are between February and April but "January can also be a great option as it is often the quietest time on the slopes as well as having some of the best snow too". Adam added: “I also recommend choosing higher resorts where the season starts even earlier and finishes later. Saas Fee, for example, is one of the first European resorts to open up each year and has a winter season running from the beginning of November right until the end of April. It even offers summer skiing thanks to its high altitude.”  Adam explained that organisation is key to getting the most value from your winter trip. “I’d encourage people to book restaurant reservations and buy lift passes in advance to avoid disappointment," he said. Travellers will also "save money by booking in advance on equipment too, not to mention being able to skip the queues". "The last thing that you want after two years of restrictions is to miss out on your favourite restaurants and waste hours standing in lines!” READ MORE: Pilot urges elderly passengers to avoid window seat as higher risk If travellers are considering taking ski lessons, the best and most affordable option is to do this after 12pm as you can often get discounts on these. "Group sessions are always cheaper too, and a great way to boost your confidence,” he added. According to the travel expert, getting travel insurance is an "absolute must", and when it comes to winter sports holidays, travellers should never just opt for the cheapest deal, even "if you are tightening your purse strings". This is because most standard travel policies don't provide cover situations that people might run into on the slopes. A good insurance policy for skiing should cover damage, theft or loss to your own or hired equipment, as well as loss of your ski pass, Adam explained. The travel guru also recommended making sure the insurance covers cancelled flights, missed connections and lost baggage as "the risk of this is much higher".   Finally, Adam recommended item trackers like Apple tags to keep track of your belonging. Although they are a bit pricey, it is an investment that "could save you a lot of hassle in the long run". “It’s worth investing in some AirTags to make sure that your luggage is where it needs to be. It makes waiting in security much less insufferable than usual, particularly when airports have been so chaotic. “Whilst it won’t stop your luggage from going missing, it will help you find out where it is. This will be particularly helpful for anyone getting connecting flights as you’ll know which airport, or country, it has been left in," he suggested. It will also give passengers a rough idea of how long it could take to be returned and whether they need to buy replacement belongings.