Chelsea host Crystal Palace on Sunday at a time when the club under Graham Potter is in a place of turmoil. The Blues are languishing in mid-table after a disappointing run of form that most recently saw them lose 2-1 away to local rivals Fulham, further putting pressure on the head coach’s job. Potter has been known to make several changes to his side based on the opposition, though lately he has been forced into decisions due to fitness worries. Denis Zakaria became the latest Chelsea man to suffer an injury as he was forced off on Thursday and joined fellow recent absentees Raheem Sterling and Christian Pulisic on the treatment table. The ex-Brighton man will be desperate to turn Chelsea’s dire form around against a Crystal Palace side that have suffered back-to-back defeats to Southampton and Tottenham, as Express Sport has predicted the team he will name to face Patrick Vieira’s outfit. Kepa did not have a night to remember at Craven Cottage, as he followed up his error in the previous Premier League game against Manchester City with another moment that he will want to forget against Fulham. The Spanish stopper was caught in no man's land as he attempted to claim a cross but the ball sailed over his hands and instead was met by Carlos Vinicius’ head as the ex-Spurs striker scored the winning goal. However, with Edouard Mendy still injured, Kepa will likely remain between the posts. Chelsea have kept just one clean sheet since October 19 and Potter has continued to make changes to his defence in a bid to find the winning formula. Captain Cesar Azpilicueta may come out of the side that travelled to Fulham, as the 33-year-old has previously struggled to play two games within a week. Trevoh Chalobah could be tasked with marking Wilfried Zaha, while Lewis Hall’s performances may see him retain his place on the other side of the back four ahead of Marc Cucurella, who has struggled since his big-money move from Brighton. DON'T MISSArsenal fans slam FA and worry about Tottenham after Zinchenko warningPep Guardiola rules Stones out of derby and makes Solskjaer referenceTen Hag explains if Weghorst will play for Man Utd against Man City Potter may opt for a midfield three rather than a back five if Azpilicueta is unfit, while Jorginho replaced Zakaria just before the hour mark on Thursday and will likely get the chance to do so again if the Juventus loanee does not return in time for the game. Mason Mount could drop into midfield and Carney Chukwuemeka preferred on the left wing, but Potter may give Conor Gallagher the chance to impress against the side he spent last season with on loan. He scored the winning goal when the two sides met in October and Potter will hope he can repeat his goalscoring achievement once again. Joao Felix’s red card in his Chelsea debut has seen him suspended for the Blues’ next three games, though Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang may not be used in his place. Kai Havertz led the line against Fulham, with Felix floating off the striker and Hakim Ziyech could come into the team instead. Potter opted against bringing Aubameyang on against Fulham even though his side were searching for an equaliser, and Chukwuemeka could make his first-ever Chelsea start but Potter may wish for more of a presence on the right with the Moroccan star.