The Los Angeles Lakers are set to strike a deal to acquire for former top 10 overall draft Rui Hachimura from the Washington Wizards as they look to roster changes in order to save their season and give LeBron James more help. The Lakers will give up bench scorer Kendrick Nunn, who has played a lesser role this season, and a number of second round draft picks to acquire the Japanese-American Hachimura, who came into the league as a highly-touted prospect.  Whilst Hachimura hasn't been completely disappointing, it's fair to say that he has not lived up to his pre-draft hype, and has been in and out of the starting line-ups since he entered the league in 2019. The 24-year-old, who grew up in Japan before moving to the United States as a teenager to play college basketball, where he became a star at Gonzaga and was drafted with the ninth overall selection. Hachimura will add size and the ability to shoot from deep, but does have middling numbers with his outside shot - shooting 33% this season, whilst averaging 13 points per game and four rebounds. Reports earlier in the season suggested James had voiced his concerns to the Lakers hierarchy over wasting a year of his career at this late stage, and had wanted the team to move beforehand to give the team the best chance at success now - rather than wait for more cap space next season. The Lakers will have been impressed by what they saw from the forward this past weekend, when he scored 30 points against the Orlando Magic. ESPN reporter Adrian Wojnarowski reported on the traded, as he tweeted why a deal was done. He said: "Hachimura and the Wizards were unable to agree on a rookie extension prior to the season and trade became more likely as Kyle Kuzma solidified himself as a priority to sign to a long-term deal in the Wizards front court." Hachimura could step into the starting line-up for the Lakers, potentially with James and Davis in an attempt to go big whilst spreading the floor with shooters for James to find with his elite passing ability. The Lakers fans will feel that more will be needed to done to their roster than trading for Hachimura, with the team below .500 and on course to miss the playoffs for the second straight year. It could be huge for the franchise moving forward if that does indeed happen, with James able to leave the team via trade after this season, and may look to play his final years out at a team in which he thinks he can win.