When King Charles III's Coronation takes place in May this year, speculation is mounting that his wife, Camilla, will have the word 'Consort' removed from her title. Daily Express Royal Correspondent Richard Palmer explained that there's "no official word from the Palace on that" but suggested that a change is on the horizon. Speaking to host Pandora Forsyth on this week's Daily Express Royal Round-Up, Mr Palmer said: "Some papers refer to her as the Queen. I think they will drop the Consort at some point. Every Queen Consort has just been known as the Queen."  Attitudes have improved towards Camilla more recently 17 years after she married Charles following the death of his popular former wife, Princess Diana, mother of Prince William and Harry. She has been viewed as a pillar of strength to the family since the death of Queen Elizabeth II. The process of removing Camilla's title depends on how well the public accepts Charles' wife as Queen, Mr Palmer said. "I think it is just that Elizabeth II was on the throne for 70 years, for many people in the world she was just the Queen. Consorts of previous monarchs in the United Kingdom have received similar treatment, most notably Queen Mary and Queen Alexandra. Camilla is now seen as one of the most popular members of the Royal Family.  "A case of putting some distance between her death and how Camilla is described," he added. "By the Coronation they will just be calling her the Queen." Should the title be dropped Camilla would become known as simply the Queen or Queen Camilla, as others have been known before her. The Queen's mother, King George VI's wife, was known as Queen Elizabeth, or the Queen. She later became known as the Queen Mother to avoid confusion with their names. For years there had been speculation over what Camilla would be known when Charles ascended the throne, but the late Queen marked the 70th anniversary of her reign by saying she wanted the Duchess of Cornwall to be known as Queen Consort. In a message marking the 70th anniversary of her reign, the Queen said it was her "sincere wish" that Camilla would have that title. She thanked the nation for the “loyalty and affection” she had received over her long reign before adding her intentions for her daughter-in-law. The Queen said: “And when, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife, Camilla, the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service.”   The message came after the Queen had signalled her strong support for Camilla, having made the Duchess a Royal Lady of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, in recognition of her contribution to the monarchy. At the time, many royal commentators saw this as an indication that Camilla would be allowed the Queen Consort status. 