Joao Cancelo's farcical foul throw as Manchester City were chasing a 2-0 lead at Southampton on Wednesday summed up his current rut of form. Pep Guardiola's reaction in the dugout told the tale as City collapsed to a shock EFL Cup quarter-final exit at St. Mary's. Cancelo has seemingly gone from one of Europe's elite full-backs to being unable to complete a throw-in if his 85th-minute blunder was anything to go by. It was a damning rubber stamp on yet another unconvincing performance full of lapses of concentration and a lack of confidence after being replaced in the pecking order in both full-back positions. The 28-year-old has started just two games since club football returned after the World Cup, with Guardiola relying on Kyle Walker and teenager Rico Lewis at right-back. Nathan Ake has also excelled as his first-choice left-back in recent weeks, leaving the Catalan coach with an issue. Cancelo must rediscover his best form or risk being the next victim of Guardiola's ruthless cycle of full-backs during his successful tenure in England. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Earlier this month, after Cancelo hadn't started any of City's three games since the World Cup break, Guardiola suggested he had issues with some of his squad's attitude in training. "Lately, as I get older, I mainly look at the body language," Guardiola told reporters. "In the training sessions and everything. You cannot play good when the body language is not correct. "Sometimes you choose the players for how happy they are. That is one of the main decisions in choosing the line-up because, with the skills, I know how good they are. "The body language depends on them, and sometimes they are not good, and it is more difficult." DON'T MISS: Former Premier League star Richard Rufus jailed And he isn't the only one growing fed up with his talented players underperforming, with fans also aiming frustration at Cancelo's recent slump. During the Southampton defeat, @a779457 tweeted: "He's actually awful atm. Needs to sit on the bench for the foreseeable. Rico Lewis is miles ahead of him right now." @MCFCGabster agreed, writing: "Rico lewis is actually 50 times better than him. This is sad." @Zinniie_x added: "He needs to play left-back only. I love him; I just can't watch him on the right with Lewis playing so well. The best full-back in the league last season has fallen off." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here