Season 10 of Father Brown hit screens recently but there were some members of the cast missing. Among the absences were Sorcha Cusack’s Mrs McCarthy and Emer Kenny as Bunty Windermere as well as Jack Dean as Inspector Mallory. Another person was Alex Price as the con man and small-time crook Sid Carter. Price, 37, portrayed the artful dodger Sid on Father Brown, appearing in the show from 2013 to 2016 as a regular cast member. He then became a recurring guest character between 2017 and 2020 before becoming a regular again in 2022. However, he seems to be absent in the most recent series of the hit show but there doesn’t seem to be a reason why he’s left. The star may have wanted to go on to other projects after being part of Father Brown for so long. READ MORE: Bunty Windermere isn't in the new series of Father Brown Along with appearing in Father Brown, the actor has also featured in TV series Chemistry of Death and BBC series The Capture. Some of his other credits include Penny Dreadful, Beowulf and Doctor Who. Additionally, he played Draco Malfoy on stage in the West End in Harry Potter and the Cursed Child. Given the character of Sid has been in and out of Father Brown, there’s nothing to suggest he may not return at some point in the future. Although there isn’t a specific reason why he left, Father Brown actor John Burton opened up recently on social media about the cast shakes up on the series. In the tweet to his 6,000 Twitter followers, he said: “Occasionally long running shows need to be refreshed due to artists availability, so it means we do have some absentees this year, with a few long-term artists moving onto other projects for their own career progression. "This is part of an actor's life, and we must go where the work takes us. “Yes, there are some changes - but they are brilliant changes, and I truly believe you will absolutely LOVE the new/returning characters. “They will grow on you & they have truly breathed new life into the show.” He went on to say: “For the moment, we have said goodbye to a few characters who have been brilliant to work with over the years, BUT we welcome back Chief Inspector Sullivan and of course, Lady Felicia and Flambeau.” Adding: “Father Brown continues to go from strength to strength, yes we’ve made some changes - but they are changes you’ll embrace, and I’m sure the new characters will soon become your favourites, as they are BRILLIANT.” Burton said he hoped his message cleared things up for fans and send love to all viewers. DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes admits ‘they're dead to me' as he addresses feud [UPDATE]Jackie Stewart's wife ‘can no longer walk’ as he gives dementia update [INSIGHT]Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz [VIDEO] His words suggest some of these cast changes we down to refreshing the show, which has now been on screens for a decade. Scheduling conflicts will also perhaps been down to some of the cast being unavailable as well, which might be why Price wasn’t in the new series. Burton also recently paid tribute to Father Brown’s longevity on Twitter, posting: “Father Brown is 10 years old today & without the brilliance of @tahsinguner and @buskeroo along with a fabulous team of scriptwriters, former/current cast & all the crew, we wouldn’t be where we are today. “Thank you to everyone who’s ever been involved - absolute superstars.” Father Brown season 10 airs on BBC One on Fridays at 1.45pm and is available on the BBC iPlayer