Rupert Grint, 34, discussed not being at Robbie Coltrane’s funeral last year, despite hailing his Harry Potter co-star as "the most wonderful being”. The Ron Weasley actor penned an emotional tribute back in October after being left “heartbroken” by the news of Robbie’s death. However, in a new interview, Rupert admitted the reason he did not attend the funeral was because he doesn’t “claim to know him outside work”. Speaking to GQ Hype, Rupert also looked back on Dumbledore star Richard Harris’ passing in 2002, saying it was “hard to contemplate”. “I was 13, in a hotel promoting the second movie, when I was told [about Harris’ death],” said Rupert. “It was a hard thing to contemplate.” Rupert previously penned a heartfelt tribute to Robbie on Instagram as he shared a throwback picture of the actor in character as Hagrid. He typed: “Heartbroken to hear that Robbie is gone. “I’ll never forget the smell of cigars and beard glue- a wonderful combination. “No one else on this planet could of played Hagrid, only Robbie.”(sic) Rupert continued: “Just as Hagrid was in the books and films Robbie was in life- warm, compassionate and hilarious. “A giant hearted man who was still looking out for us even decades later.” Rupert signed off the message saying: “Sending love to his family. See you on the other side Bobser.” Robbie was best known for his roles in Harry Potter, Cracker and James Bond. The late film star died in a hospital near his home in Larbert, Scotland, his agent, Belinda Wright, confirmed at the time. READ MORE...Annie Werschin, The Last of Us, Bosch and 24 actress, dies of cancer  [NEWS]Jeremy Clarkson fears Charles' Coronation will be the last for England [UPDATE]Priscilla Presley challenges Riley on amendment to Lisa Marie's trust [INSIGHT] In a statement, she said: "My client and friend Robbie Coltrane OBE passed away on Friday October 14. “Robbie was a unique talent, sharing the Guinness Book of Records' Award for winning three consecutive Best Actor BAFTAs for his portrayal of Fitz in Granada TV's series Cracker in 1994, 1995 and 1996 with Sir Michael Gambon. "He will probably be best remembered for decades to come as Hagrid in the Harry Potter films, a role which brought joy to children and adults alike all over the world, prompting a stream of fan letters every week for over 20 years. "James Bond fans write too to applaud his role in GoldenEye and The World Is Not Enough. "For me personally I shall remember him as an abidingly loyal client. As well as being a wonderful actor, he was forensically intelligent, brilliantly witty and after 40 years of being proud to be called his agent, I shall miss him.” Robbie’s impressive career spanned more than 40 years and earned him a collection of awards and honours, including three BAFTAs for his work on Cracker. The legendary actor was awarded an OBE from the Queen in 2006 for services to drama.