Manchester United have completed the signing of ex-England goalkeeper Jack Butland, who has moved to Old Trafford on loan from Crystal Palace until the end of the season. But the 29-year-old is already facing embarrassment after an old tweet came back to haunt him. Butland came through the academy at Birmingham and has gone on to make 87 Premier League appearances during spells at Stoke and Crystal Palace. He also won nine caps for England after being handed his Three Lions debut by Roy Hodgson in a friendly against Italy in 2012. Back in 2017, Butland was asked on Twitter by a supporter if he would consider any move to the Red Devils. And the keeper - who was the No 1 at Stoke at the time - replied: “Would never move to be a number 2!” Butland has clearly had a change of heart over the last five-and-a-half years and was unable to topple Vicente Guaita as Crystal Palace’s first-choice shot-stopper during his three-year spell at Selhurst Park. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE United acted quickly to sign Butland after Newcastle recalled Martin Dubravka from his loan spell and he will now provide back-up to first-choice keeper David de Gea. After putting pen to paper on a deal at Old Trafford, Butland said: “This is an amazing club and one that I am now proud to represent. I’m really looking forward to working with an unbelievable goalkeeping group, supporting each other every day to create the best training and playing environment for the team. “I’ve played against David de Gea and represented England alongside Tom Heaton; they are top-class keepers, and I am relishing the opportunity to compete alongside and support them as team-mates. There is a lot that this group can achieve this season and I’m excited to play my part in helping everyone to reach these ambitions.” DON'T MISSChelsea ace Marc Cucurella causes Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink and Jamie Carragher disagreementShakhtar chief spotted yards from Todd Boehly as Chelsea and Arsenal battle intensifiesMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag casts doubt over Jadon Sancho return following Holland exile Meanwhile, the Red Devils' football director John Murtough added: “Jack is an excellent goalkeeper with great experience throughout his career. His mentality and personality will be a real asset to our superb group of goalkeepers and the whole squad. “Jack joins David, Tom and our young keepers to form a strong group who will all support each other in creating an optimum training and playing environment. We’re all looking forward to welcoming him into the group.” United have climbed to fourth in the Premier League after defeating Nottingham Forest, Wolves and Bournemouth since the return of club football following the World Cup. And the 13-time Premier League champions are now set to turn their attention to the FA Cup as they host Everton in the third round on Friday night.