Vikings Valhalla season two has just arrived on Netflix and Freydis Eiríksdóttir (played by Frida Gustavsson) embraced her role as Keeper of the Faith. She, alongside her brother Leif Erikson (Sam Corlett) and Harald Sigurdsson (Leo Suter), are based on real historical figures. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who else was inspired by real-life figures from the past. The series was inspired by mythology and Viking sagas and is set 100 years after the events of the original Amazon Prime Video series. The end of the Vikings Age was marked by the 1066 Battle of Stamford Bridge. Leif Erikson was one of the most famous Viking explorers in history, and he was also known as Leif the Lucky. He was believed to have been the first European to have set foot on North America - establishing a Norse settlement there in 1000 AD. Freydís Eiríksdóttir was made famous for founding the first European settlement in Greenland. Meanwhile, Harald was the king of Norway from 1046 to 1066. Language experts at Babbel gave insight into some of the other real historical figures. READ MORE: Vikings Valhalla season 2 ending explained as major character dies In the series, Yaroslav (Marcin Dorociński) is Harald's uncle whom he calls on for help so he can claim back the crown of Norway. In real life, he was the Grand Prince of Kiev - baptised ‘George’, reigning from 1019 until he died in 1054. With the support of the Vikings, he defeated Kiev in 1019, giving him the title of the Grand Prince of Kyiv. Yaroslav was heavily religious and also head of the Russian Orthodox church, so would have spoken both Russian and Greek. In the historical drama, the emperor (Nikolai Kinski) fell for Eleana (Sofya Lebedeva) whom he made his Empress. According to history, following the Norman conquest, Anglo-Saxons flocked to the Byzantine empire. At the time, the Greek language was spoken as it served as a language of administration. During his reign, he was determined to slow the decline of the Byzantine military and to stop Turkish incursions into the Byzantine Empire. However, in 1071 he was captured at the Battle of Manzikert. DON'T MISS... We discuss Vikings Valhalla season 3 and the show's future [INSIGHT] Vikings Valhalla season 2 cast explained as guest stars join series [EXPLAINER] Meet the star behind Lord Harekr in Vikings Valhalla season 2 [INSIGHT] George Maniakes (Florian Munteanu) is based on a historical figure known as Gyrgir. George was a general of the Byzantine Empire of Byzantine Greek during the 11th century. His greatest achievement was the partial reconquest of Sicily from the Arabs in 1038. Here, he was helped by the Varangian Guard led by Harald Hardrada, who later became king of Norway. Magnús Óláfsson (Stefán Haukur Jóhannesson) was also known as Magnus the Good. He reigned over Norway in 1035 and Denmark in 1042, earning his nickname through ordering the translation of classical Greek works into the native Slavic language. The ruler, who would have spoken in Old Norse, married the daughter of king Olaf of Sweden. Magnus was an illegitimate son of King Olaf II of Norway and fled with his mother Alfhild when Olaf was dethroned in 1028.  Vikings: Valhalla season 2 is on Netflix now