Energy bills are expected to rise in April which will likely see many more Britons struggle to heat their homes. Cornwall Insight claim the average consumer is predicted to pay £3,702 from April, when the Energy Price Guarantee (EPG) comes to an end. With this in mind, many Britons will be wondering when the best time is to switch their heating off. Jordan Chance, heating expert from PlumbNation claims there isn’t a “single temperature” at which you should turn your heating off, but he did share the date many people “aim” for. He said: “Spring is just around the corner, and as the weather gradually begins to turn warmer, more and more people are keeping their heating on for shorter amounts of time. “With the cost of living rising across the country many Britons will be feeling the financial squeeze. “Although there is no single temperature at which you should turn your heating off, many aim for the time when clocks go forward, which this year falls on March 26. READ MORE: Remove ‘stains’ from hobs using £2 cleaning item - 'works so well' "While many may be waiting for the temperature to change, there’s no specific temperature at which you should be turning off your heating, as it will depend on how well-insulated your home is. "Well-insulated homes will retain their heat even when temperatures are low into the early spring, but every home will be different.” The heating expert said Britons should also be aware that leaving your heating on low all day does not reduce heating bills. Having the heating on only as and when you need it, is the “best way to save energy”. DON'T MISSPatio expert shares best method to clean paving slabs [INSIGHT]Houseplants that 'purify the air in your home' and help you sleep [UPDATE]Methods to stay warm in winter with strategic furniture placement [ANALYSIS] He added: “Using a thermostat with a timer offers a simple and speedy solution to controlling your heating effectively. "With energy bills rising there are a few things you can do to help keep your home warm, and save money on your energy bills." Jordan has also shared some handy tips on how to save money on your heating: Don’t dry clothes on your radiator Although it’s tempting, the experts recommend you stop using radiators to dry your wet washing. READ MORE: ‘Best’ washing machine setting for ‘significant’ savings on bills Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The clothes placed over the top of radiators prevent heat from escaping and heating the room which means the boiler has to work even harder, increasing costs. This also increases the air’s moisture which can create condensation, leading to mould and damp. Stop draughts Stopping heat from escaping through unwanted gaps is one of the cheapest and most effective ways to save energy and cash. Identify problem areas that are draughty such as windows, doors, floorboards and chimneys. Cover unwanted gaps by using draught-proofing strips around your windows and doors, or flexible silicone-based filler to fill the gaps in floorboards. Introduce soft furnishings Soft furnishings like curtains and rugs can help retain heat, especially if you have draughty floorboards and windows. A carpeted home will naturally be more insulated. However, those with hard flooring can invest in some good quality materials like rugs to help prevent heat loss. Turn your thermostat down by 1°C Just turning down your thermostat by 1°C can help you save up to 10 percent on your heating bill. A typical heating range is between 18°C and 21°C. Remember, turning up your thermostat won’t heat up your room faster. It will only send your energy bills skyrocketing.