Antonio Conte won't be at Tottenham Hotspur next season for a £150million reason, according to Gabby Agbonlahor. And the former Premier League striker has also suggested that the Italian head coach could follow Harry Kane out the exit door as Spurs' long wait for silverware rages on. Tottenham's 4-0 romp at Crystal Palace on Wednesday night eased the club's recent woes as just the third win in their last eight Premier League games. And with Champions League football next season looking more precarious by the week concerns over Conte's future in north London loom larger. His contract expires this summer, and his regular public cries for investment in his squad indicate frustration, despite splashing almost £200m in his first two transfer windows. But Agbonlahor believes Conte will want to spend at least a further £150m to bolster his leaky defence. And he has tipped the Premier League-winning coach to depart this summer because he lacks the 'patience' to complete such a long-term project. He told talkSPORT: "I don't think [Conte will be Tottenham head coach next season]. I don't think he's got the patience for that. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo 'may ignore FIFA' despite new punishment threat  "I feel like he'll look at his defenders and think, 'You know what? I probably need £150m worth of defenders'. They're just not good enough back there." Agbonlahor also raised doubts over Kane's future at the club, questioning whether his desire to leave to win silverware could influence Conte's decision. "Will Harry Kane want to stay? Harry Kane's probably thinking, 'Come on now... [The] joke's over. I want to win some trophies'. I don't know," Agbonlahor added. "But I just don't think he's going to be happy with staying at Spurs and not winning a trophy. They look a million miles away from winning a trophy." READ MORE: Man Utd star Van de Beek given devastating update after cruel injury  Spurs sit fifth in the Premier League, two points behind Manchester United, having played one more game. But the Londoners face a daunting double-header after this weekend's FA Cup third-round clash with Portsmouth, with title contenders Arsenal and Manchester City on the agenda. Conte is keen to bolster his squad this month as he aims to secure back-to-back top-four finishes since replacing Nuno Espirito Santo. He will also eye a strong campaign in this season's Champions League after Tottenham topped their group, with a round-of-16 tie against AC Milan to look forward to in February. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here