Prince Harry has been accused of holding double standards after claiming the Royal Family used leaks against him and Meghan. In a clip from an upcoming interview on CBS’ 60 Minutes show, the Duke accused the Firm of intentionally planting stories against the Sussexes - but an attentive viewer argued that Harry is not against similar strategies himself. The Prince was asked in the interview why, when stepping back from Royal duties, he chose to do it “so publicly”, with interviewer Anderson Cooper adding: “You say you tried to to do this privately.” Harry responded: “And every single time I’ve tried to do it privately, there have been briefings and leakings and planting of stories against me and my wife. "The family motto is never complain, never explain. But it’s just a motto.” He added that there was “endless” complaining and explaining from the Royal Family - but that this was done “through leaks”. But Twitter user Countess Commonwealth highlighted that the Sussexes had themselves in the past contacted members of the media in order to try and control the narrative surrounding them. Tweeting: “Remind us again - who went to the press to leak private conversations?”, the user linked to an interview with CBS’ This Morning host Gayle King. Ms King, a publicly known friend of Meghan Markle, said in March 2021 that she had spoken to the couple following their bombshell Oprah interview. She said she had checked in with them to see how they were feeling, and later reported: “It's true Harry has talked to his brother and he has talked to his father too. "The word I was given was that those conversations were not productive. But they are glad that they have at least started a conversation.” During the interview with Oprah, Harry said that he and his brother were having "space, at the moment" and that while he still loves his brother, they are "on different paths." READ MORE: Karren Brady blasts 'self-obsessed' Meghan as Kate honours Queen [REVEAL] Critics of the Sussexes argued that this constituted “leaking” of their own, with one commenting: “That’s one of the reasons why the family don’t talk to him and his wife and don’t want them near them again.. they were the ones who leaked all the stuff that happened behind closed doors!” Explaining the kind of story-placing he was accusing the Royal Family of, Harry said: “They will feed or have a conversation with the correspondent, and that correspondent will literally be spoon fed information and then write the story. “At the end, they will say they reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment - but the whole story is Buckingham Palace commenting. So when we’re being told for the last six years, we can’t put a statement out to protect you, but you do it for other members of the family, there becomes a point when silence is betrayal.” The CBS interview is due to be aired on January 8, two days before Prince Harry’s new book, “Spare”, will land on bookshelves. DON'T MISS: Good Morning Britain viewers fume over coverage of Prince Harry [REVEAL]Harry and Meghan’s children are not the only American royalty [INSIGHT] Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again [ANALYSIS] The highly anticipated memoir has been described by the publishers as a book of "raw, unflinching honesty". Meanwhile, Sunday’s CBS broadcast is described as the "first US television interview to discuss his upcoming memoir ‘Spare’ and recount his childhood, the loss of his mother and life as the Duke of Sussex living in the UK and now in America”. Another interview with the Prince is also set to be released on Sunday, this one with ITV’s Tom Bradby. During a clip revealed ahead of the broadcast, Harry told the presenter he wanted to "get his father back" and to "have his brother back". The Duke added it "didn't have to be this way", and that he wants "a family, not an institution".