Queen Camilla was spotted arriving at Bolton Town Hall with King Charles where the couple met with representatives from the community. For the engagement in the north of England, Camilla was seen all wrapped up in a long beige coat and a white scarf. For her Manchester visit, Camilla chose a very stylish long coat with front buttons which she combined with matching knee-high boots. Due to the cold weather across England today, the Queen Consort opted for a white scarf with a beige pattern and brown gloves. She accessorised her winter look with a cute black handbag which was very similar to the one the late Queen Elizabeth used to wear. Queen Elizabeth was a fan of Launer handbags and it is believed she owned more than 200, her favourite styles being the Royale and the black patent Traviata. READ MORE: Meghan will have 'quite a turbulent' time around coronation - claim The late monarch wore her "iconic" miniature black handbag elegantly for years and Camilla has now started donning the same style. It is reported that the late Queen used her handbags to communicate messages to her staff and Queen Camilla may now follow the same practice. Royal historian Hugo Vickers explained that when Queen Elizabeth moved her handbag from one hand to the other it meant that she wanted to end a conversation. "It would be very worrying if you were talking to the Queen and saw the handbag move from one hand to the other. "It would be done very nicely. Someone would come along and say, 'Sir, the Archbishop of Canterbury would very much like to meet you'," he told People. The elegant coat Camilla chose for today's engagement is perfect for the winter and is actually the same coat dress she donned last month to visit Wrexham AFC, the third oldest professional football team in the world, with Prince Charles. On that occasion, however, she opted to combine the beige coat with a pretty brown fluffy hat. The statement hat was by designer Lock and Co and featured an oversized fit and a vintage-style fur trim. READ MORE: Harry should have 'difficult but necessary gesture' to 'avoid another' It is known that Camilla loves that hat as she has been seen wearing it for almost a decade. In 2014, for instance, she donned the chic accessory for a visit to Cheltenham racecourse. King Charles and Camilla arrived in Manchester separately today, as the King had an engagement in the headquarters of cereal manufacturer Kellogg's to celebrate the company's 100 years anniversary. In the morning, the monarch unveiled a plaque in the largest cereal factory in Europe and the biggest Corn Flake factory in the world. Kellogg's cereals have been historically delivered to Buckingham Palace in a van called Genevieve for decades and the manufacturer has been a holder of the Royal Warrant since King George VI. Royal fans took to social media to praise Camilla's outfit with @pochagranja saying: "Glad to see her!" Instagram user @livcse commented: "That lipstick is incredible!!! Glad it was not only a one-time thing." Another one, @emmylouma, agreed saying that the Queen Consort looked "fabulous" in "that lip gloss again". "She has really mastered a wave to the crowd now." @charlottedenouter added: "A really very likeable couple!"