Happy Valley fans had been waiting for the return of the BBC One show for seven years and were overjoyed when it finally returned for its third and final outing. The Sarah Lancashire-led series will bring Catherine Cawood's story to a close as she and Tommy Lee Royce (played by James Norton) go head to head one last time. The wait is almost over to find out how it all ends with the grand finale which will air on Sunday, February 5, at 9pm on BBC One. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Happy Valley. Happy Valley first made its debut on BBC One in 2014 and has not only gained praise across the board from viewers and critics, it has won a plethora of awards too, unsurprisingly. Setting the tone of the drama from the start has been Happy Valley's theme tune which is called Trouble Town by Jake Bugg. The tune was the main single from his debut album, simply entitled Jake Bugg, coming out in 2012. His song's official music video was shot in his own home town of Clifton, Nottinghamshire. READ MORE: Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show Here are the first few lyrics of Trouble Town: "Stuck in speed bump city, where the only thing that's pretty is the thought of getting out. "There's a tower block overhead all you've got's your benefits and you're barely scraping by. "In this trouble town troubles are found, in this trouble town, words do get 'round." Bugg previously spoke to NME about his all-time favourite lyric from his music which features in the theme tune. He explained: "I guess, if there was one to pick out, it would be 'Stuck in speed bump city' from Trouble Town, because I had that line in my head for ages, but I never knew how to put it into a song." Some of his other biggest hits so far have been Country Song and Lightning Bolt which were also part of his first album. Since then, Bugg has released three more studio albums called Shangri La, On My One and Hearts that Strain. However, at one point, Bugg did consider leaving the music industry altogether. DON'T MISS...Meet Vera star Brenda Blethyn's eight siblings [CAST]Bridgerton’s Phoebe Dynevor hints Daphne ‘missing’ in season 3 [UPDATE]NCIS team ‘shadowed’ as Lost star returns to CBS drama [EXPLAINER] In 2016, he told Rolling Stone: “There was a time where [my label] were like, ‘We need some more songs. We need to put you with some writers’. "I was like, ‘If this is how it’s going to be for the rest of my life, if I don’t have that freedom to express myself, then there’s no point in me even trying to do it anymore. I’m a songwriter’.” Bugg did go off the radar for quite some time but he returned with his later album Saturday Night, Sunday Morning two years ago. His music still also features in every episode of Happy Valley which will soon be ending for good.  In the latest episode of the drama, Tommy was able to escape from prison with the help of some of his criminal allies. He has plans to leave the country for good, starting a new life in Spain, explaining why he was learning the language behind bars. But he has vowed he won't be going anywhere until he has killed Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire). Happy Valley's final episode will air on Sunday, February 5, at 9pm on BBC One.