Lisa Marie Presley's daughter Riley Keough shared a beautiful black and white portrait of them both as she spoke out for the first time since her mother's death last week. The picture shows a young Riley carrying a bunch of flowers as Lisa gazed at her daughter with a big smile on her face. In the caption, Riley simply shared a red heart emoji. The post is the first time Riley has spoken out following Lisa's death last week after being rushed to the hospital from her Calabasas home after experiencing cardiac arrest. A public memorial service for Elvis' daughter will now be held on Sunday, January 22, at 9am on Graceland’s Front Lawn. READ MORE:BBC Radio 2's Scott Mills reacts to Ken Bruce 'replacement' backlash  A message on Graceland's official website read: "In addition to family and friends, the general public is invited to attend. "Following the service, there will be a procession to view Lisa’s final resting place in Meditation Garden.  Lisa's cause of death has not yet been determined. It has been reported that an initial examination was unable to determine the cause and the medical examiner chose to defer findings. The Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner is reportedly requesting additional studies and further investigation. After more testing has been carried out, a doctor will evaluate the case again, but the timeframe for this process is not clear, a spokesperson for the medical examiner-coroner's office told CBS News. Lisa's mother Priscilla Presley, 77, announced that her daughter had been rushed to the hospital on January 12. DON'T MISSJennifer Aniston ‘concerned’ over Brad Pitt’s new romance[LATEST]Prince Harry exposing texts slammed by US star as 'Housewives' move[INSIGHT]Richard Madeley's daughter Chloe rushes 'poorly' baby to hospital[NEWS] Shortly after Priscilla's initial Facebook post, her publicist put out a statement confirming Lisa's death. It read: "Priscilla Presley and the Presley family are shocked and devastated by the tragic death of their beloved Lisa Marie. "They are profoundly grateful for the support, love and prayers of everyone, and ask for privacy during this very difficult time." Lisa Marie was the only daughter of Elvis Presley.