Ronnie O'Sullivan has lavished praise on Mark Williams following their epic quarter-final contest at the Masters which saw the Welshman come out on top. O'Sullivan looked on course to reach his 15th Masters semi-final after racing to a 3-0 lead.  Williams finally got on the board just before the interval and came back after the break reinvigorated. The match soon turned into a classic when the two returned to the table with both Williams and O'Sullivan putting on a show for the Alexandra Palace crowd. O'Sullivan still looked in charge as he held a 4-2 lead following a mini-Williams fightback. But the Welsh Potting Machine put his stamp on the match to officially turn things around in the seventh frame as he made a tournament-high break of 143. A final frame decider was required as O'Sullivan put together a run of 77, but it was Williams who came out on top in the epic battle as he finished with a brilliant final flourish to reach the semi-final of the Masters. Speaking after his loss, O'Sullivan rued making "too many mistakes", but ultimately paid credit for the level of snooker his opponent was producing and gave his support for Williams to take home the trophy on Sunday. “I just didn’t score. I didn’t make any breaks. The cue ball wasn’t great. I hung in there. 3-0, he struggled a little bit," O'Sullivan said. "But he played better today, he played the better snooker. He was more clinical. "I was happy to get it 5-5, I had the chance in the last, but when you’re not cueing well - blacks like that are missable. I’m pleased how I dug in today. Can’t be too disappointed. “It was just pure battling qualities. At 5-4 you think, ‘I’ve got to make it happen.’ There was just far too many mistakes in there for me. Some basic, basic mistakes. It’s just the way it goes. He’s been playing well for a long time. Since he won the World Championships, I don’t know what year it was, 2019? "Since then he’s been playing phenomenally consistent, scoring really well. I’m surprised he hasn’t won more given the quality he has and how well he’s playing. Hopefully he goes on and wins this. He deserves it.” Williams will now face either Jack Lisowski or Hossein Vafaei in the semi-final. The other two quarter-finals feature a quartet of Englishman as Judd Trump faces Barry Hawkins while Stuart Bingham takes on Shaun Murphy.