Prince Harry’s memoir Spare has made a series of bombshell allegations against the Royal Family, with the Duke of Sussex being particularly critical of his stepmother Camilla. The Duke of Sussex described the Queen Consort as a “villain” and “dangerous” while promoting his memoir in the US. A new Express.co.uk poll has found over 90 percent of readers agreeing that Harry has gone too far in his attacks on Camilla. Harry told Anderson Cooper on CBS’ 60 Minutes ahead of the publication of Spare that following Camilla’s marriage into the Firm 2005 she needed to work hard to improve her reputation. He said: “She was the villain, she was a third person in the marriage, she needed to rehabilitate her image.” He continued: “That made her dangerous because of the connections that she was forging within the British press. And there was open willingness on both sides to trade of information. And with a family built on hierarchy, and with her on the way to being Queen Consort, there was going to be people or bodies left in the street because of that.” Royal biographer and editor-in-chief of Majesty magazine, Ingrid Seward said Harry’s comments on Camilla are “unnecessary”. She told The Mirror: “Prince Harry’s attacks on his stepmother the Queen Consort are unnecessary and gratuitously nasty. Camilla has never been anything but kind to Harry and took great care to keep out of his orbit.” A source told US Weekly last week about Charles’ feelings towards Harry’s attacks. They said: “Charles is distraught. He’s angry and outraged that Harry’s aired so many embarrassing and damaging assertions, and it’s put him in a terrible position with Camilla of course now that she’s been dragged into the equation.” READ MORE:King 'angry and outraged' at Prince Harry over Camilla swipe In a poll that ran from 11.45am on Tuesday, January 10, to 11am on Wednesday, January 18, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Has Prince Harry gone too far in his attacks on Camilla?” Overall, 5,412 votes were cast with the overwhelming majority of readers, 92 percent (4,980 people) answering “yes” Harry had gone too far. Whereas seven percent (393 people) said “no” he has not gone too far, and a further one percent (39 people) said they did not know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on Harry’s attacks on Camilla. Many readers argued that Harry had gone too far in his criticism of Camilla, with one reader, username Fongy commenting that “Harry has crossed the line”. Username Coffeelover57 said: “Yes, Harry has gone too far in his bad-mouthing Camilla. Like it or not, she is his stepmother.” Another, username sapphiw wrote: “Camilla does not deserve this nasty, vicious attack.” While username BristolGal0629 shared their support for the Queen Consort, commenting: “Camilla has quietly got on with her job within the Royal Family and has earned the respect of me and many others. "She follows the rules and protocols never seeking the limelight or outshining Charles or other seniors and even members lower in rank than her. Keep doing what you're doing ma'am.” DON'T MISS: Young girls greet Camilla on her first outing since Harry book claims [REPORT]Harry's 4-book deal is 'shrouded in secrecy' as Spare hits record [INSIGHT]Harry undermines Anne's work as he slams 'rigged' hardest-working list [ANALYSIS] Other readers thought that Harry’s claims against all members of the Royal Family had gone too far. Username Justme.74 said: “Yes, it is too hurtful for all he has taken aim at.” Likewise, username Mireille said: “Harry has gone way too far in his criticism of his closest family - King Charles, Camilla and the Wales’.” Username JanetWCQ1958 added: “He’s gone too far with everything. No way back for him now.” And username Elti said: “Harry has gone too far with everything he has said and written.”   However, other readers thought differently about Harry’s comments towards Camilla. Username Romea22 said: “No! I don’t think he went too far.” Username aussieforukraine said: “On the contrary, he was far, far too kind!” And username vad said: “You didn't expect Harry not to mention Camilla in his book, did you? He glossed over much on Camilla but gave just enough to share how he feels about her.” The Royal Family have chosen to remain silent on Harry’s allegations against the Firm with both Buckingham and Kensignton Palace choosing not to comment.