Princess Diana's former protection officer claimed that she would have believed Prince Harry’s book “isn’t a good idea”, a news report has claimed. The report further stated that the officer has said that he thinks Prince Harry has a "revenge issue" with the Royal Family.  Ken Wharfe, who was Diana's personal protection officer from 1988 to 1993, told Sky News he felt that the Duke of Sussex's memoir, Spare, has all but ruined any chance of a reconciliation with the rest of the Firm. The former policeman said that Harry was always aware that he would come behind his brother from when they were young, recalling an argument between the pair when they were both boys. He said: "There was this extraordinary conversation that I remember on a journey to Highgrove one weekend, when Harry would have been about six or seven, and an argument between the princes in the back seat was being refereed by the nanny while Diana was driving. "Harry lent across to William and said, 'It's alright for you, you'll be king one day and I won't, therefore I can do what I want.'  "That was 30 years ago and that is exactly what he is doing now. “In a way, given the circumstances and the fallout around his wedding in 2017 there's a revenge issue here really. “He is, in his view, trying to set the record straight. "I find that rather sad because I think that, deep down, he didn't really want to leave the Royal Family and live in America. READ MORE: William devastated by 'utter distortion of reality'  “But I think any chance of coming back to the UK as an operational member of the Royal Family has long gone." Mr Wharfe further claimed that he believe Prince Harry’s decision to write the book was a "mistake". He added: "I think one thing Harry has lacked is someone to give him advice, he's very much on his own out there. "Diana would have understood completely the reasons why he moved to America and may well have even encouraged him. DON'T MISS:Natalie McNally’s parents fear daughter's killer may have fled NI [SPOTLIGHT]Buffalo Bills head coach offers ‘glory to god’ in first public comment [INSIGHT]Harry 'wanted his face to be the first thing Lilibet saw'  [REVEAL]  "But as far as the book and the interview is concerned, she would have realised that it was a mistake. "I think she would have been wise enough from her own experiences to say, 'look, Harry, I love you, but this isn't a good idea,' and he would have listened to that. "I won't say he was a mummy's boy, but he always listened to what Diana had to say." 