Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have been savaged for their "whinging" by Princess Diana's butler, who believes people are "sick" of the Sussexes' story. Paul Burrell, 64, served as Princess Diana's butler for 10 years and the two were so close that Diana often described him as her "rock". Burrell slammed the Sussexes for airing their grievances so publicly and claimed people were fed up with the "ugly" conversations being had following the release of Prince Harry's memoir Spare. "My boys are 37 and 34, they grew up with William and Harry and they're listening to people of their own age. They are saying: 'We're sick and tired of them whinging and whining when they have so much'," Mr Burrell said of his sons who live in the US. He added: "Now it's becoming ugly and uncomfortable, the conversations. I am sick and tired of hearing about Harry's circumcision, his frozen penis and Kate's lip gloss, quite frankly. "It is in total contrast to the dignity and grace of our late Queen's reign and I don't want to hear anymore of it."  However, Burrell said he thought there was "more to come" from the Sussexes in the future, possibly via more content on Netflix. "It's a sad, sad situation and it's going to go on. You're not going to hear the end of this because now that the book's published Netflix will want their two pence because they've been slightly eclipsed by this publication," Burrell told GB News' Dan Wootton. Prince Harry called out Burrell in Spare, claiming that he had been "milking" Princess Diana's death when he published his 2001 book A Royal Duty which held a number of private revelations. Princess Diana died when Harry was 12 years old. In Spare, he details coping with her death and the effects it had on him growing up and as an adult. READ MORE: Sussexes were ‘doomed' from the start and never going to fit mould  However, some royal watchers have criticised the Duke revealing intimate details of his life - and members of his family's lives - to the wider public. Late night host and US comedian Jimmy Kimmel even created a parody children's book at Prince Harry and Diana's expense after the Duke claimed he put Elizabeth Arden cream - which his mum was known to use - on his frostbitten penis. Spare was released amid leaks and a whirlwind of interview appearances by the Duke of Sussex. It became the fastest selling non-fiction book ever with 1.43 copies sold in the US, UK and Canada on the first day of its release. 