Jose Mourinho turns 60 today, with the Roma boss still hungry to achieve success. The Portuguese has managed the Serie A giants, Tottenham, Manchester United, Chelsea, Real Madrid, Inter Milan and Porto so far. So with one of football’s most-beloved characters reaching such a landmark, Express Sport now takes a look at the five biggest achievements of his glittering career. Mourinho was Manchester United’s third replacement for Sir Alex Ferguson upon taking charge back in 2016. And while he didn’t always live up to expectations at Old Trafford, he still achieved success nonetheless. Mourinho won the EFL Cup and Europa League in his first season in charge, sparking suggestions United would be on their way back to the top. He then finished second in the table in 2018, an achievement he believes ranks up there with the very best given everything going on at the club. Mourinho would end up being sacked in December of that year but the fact the club have failed to win any silverware since his departure speaks volumes. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Barcelona were the dominant force in La Liga when Mourinho took charge of Real Madrid back in 2010. But two years on, and Los Blancos were on top once again. That Barcelona side was one of the very best to play the game. Lionel Messi, Andres Iniesta, Xavi, Gerard Pique, Dani Alves, Sergio Busquets and more made them unstoppable under Pep Guardiola. That is, until Mourinho arrived. Real picked up 100 points from their 38 matches, failing to win just six games in the league that season. They also netted 121 goals, with Cristiano Ronaldo’s game taken to dizzying new heights. Upon arriving at Chelsea in 2004, Mourinho dubbed himself the ’Special One’ in a quote that has followed him round in the years since. Yet he was a man of his word, working wonders during his first season at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea won the EFL Cup that year but dominated the Premier League, losing just once on their way to glory. Mourinho elevated the games of Frank Lampard and John Terry, becoming an instant legend at Stamford Bridge in the process. Chelsea could also have won the Champions League had they not lost to Liverpool in extremely controversial circumstances, with Luis Garcia’s ‘ghost goal’ still a point of contention all these years on. Mourinho was handed the keys to Inter Milan after his Chelsea sacking in 2007, taking the job in Italy the following year. And while they’d been impressive under Roberto Mancini, he had been installed to deliver the Champions League trophy they craved the most. Mourinho did that, and more. The current Roma boss managed to deliver the prize, masterminding a 2-0 win over Bayern Munich in the final with Diego Milito at the double. And he also secured the Copa Italia and Scudetto, too, before leaving for Real in 2010. Back in 2004, nobody really expected Porto win the Champions League. While they’d won the UEFA Cup the previous season, many felt giants such as Real Madrid, Manchester United and all the usual suspects were better positioned to go all the way. But Mourinho then did the impossible by steering Porto to the unlikeliest of triumphs, etching his name into footballing folklore in the process. They beat United on their way to the final, with Mourinho then sprinting down the Old Trafford touchline after Costinha’s last-gap strike. And Porto were too strong for Monaco in the final, winning 3-0 courtesy of goals from Carlos Alberto, Deco and Dmitri Alenitchev.