Leeds United have been urged to sack Jesse Marsch by former Crystal Palace owner Simon Jordan, who claims that the American manager 'does not have the chops'. Jordan has also tipped the Whites to become a top club again by making changes at boardroom level. Marsch was appointed in February last year, replacing axed fan-favourite head coach Marcelo Bielsa in the dugout. The former RB Leipzig boss did just enough to keep Leeds in the Premier League, making sure of their top-flight status with a final-day win over Brentford. Despite losing star player Raphinha during the summer, many expected the Whites to kick on this campaign after a significant outlay in the transfer market. However, they are only two points clear of the Premier League relegation zone and have not won a competitive match since beating Bournemouth in early November. Jordan, who was chairman of Palace between 2000 and 2010, believes that Leeds should seek out a number of changes, including at management level, to make the next step. JUST IN: Transfer news LIVE - Man Utd medical booked, Wout Weghorst anger  "I think Leeds are within a new ownership model of becoming a very significant, competing club again," he told talkSPORT. "I also think that if they stay in the Premier League, we might see that ownership model change. Andrea [Radrizzani] has done a great job of getting Leeds back into the Premier League. "I do think there's an ownership change that needs to happen and you'll probably find that it's the Americans. You don't see American owners in football clubs, necessarily, without some level of engagement, and that's why you've got an American manager in the dugout. READ MOREArsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWMan Utd agree Wout Weghorst deal with Besiktas in transfer breakthrough for Erik ten Hag  "Leeds are a management decision away from being a bigger football club because I don't think Jesse Marsch has got the chops. Ultimately, Leeds are going to have to spend more money than they're currently spending. Premier League clubs can afford to spend significant sums per season on transfers. "So I don't look at Leeds' new signing [Georginio Rutter] and think 'wow, they're really going after it'. I've watched Leeds a lot recently and it's clear to me that, while they've got good little players up top, they need a centre-forward. [Patrick] Bamford is never going to be what he was before so they need to spend money on players."  Rutter is hailed as a coup for Leeds as a promising young player in the Bundesliga, and the £35million move from Hoffenheim is due to be finalised in the coming days. Rodrigo Moreno has been on fire up top this season but the new signing can provide strength in depth, as well as an option out wide. Marsch has already welcomed one of his former players to Elland Road this month with Max Wober signed from Red Bull Salzburg in a £14m deal. Despite an underwhelming run of results, Leeds would have to pay a princely sum to sack their current manager with the American's contract running until 2025.