It replicates in extraordinary detail everything from the Philly-style steak pieces, to the red onions, peppers, and bread – and the micro meal is complete with a tiny drinks cup and straw, paper bag, and napkins. It took Nadia Michaux two days to painstakingly piece together, using clay and a range of specialist artistic techniques and materials, to bring to life the textures and colours on a miniature scale. The miniatures artist was challenged by Subway to create the super-tiny sub to celebrate the launch of its new Japanese-inspired Teriyaki Steak sub, and plant-based version. Nadia said: “I think this was my biggest challenge yet. I didn’t initially realise just how challenging that would be. “But it allowed me to fuse my love of Japanese culture and my passion for Kawaii miniatures together, which was brilliant. “I create miniatures every day, but I had to push my skills to the next level to bring this to life. “The result is so realistic and when side by side with a real footlong sub, it looks identical, but on a tiny scale – I’m really pleased with the result.” The most challenging element was matching the natural colours of the sandwich, with Nadia mixing the clay colours and firing them, then adjusting the mix until she achieved a perfect match. To capture the vibrancy of the sliced peppers, Nadia used a technique called “Skinner Blend”. This layers two different shades of clay which are sandwiched together to create a gradient, then shaped around wooden dowels, before being sliced off with a fine razor blade. Nadia also created her own bespoke clay mix “recipe”, and coats this onto the cheese slices to create the “oozy” melted effect. At the end of the process, she added touches of varnish to the final product, to make the result look fresh and true-to-life. The lid of the drinks cup was made via 3D printing a cast for the cup lid. Once printed, the cast is placed on a vacuum-forming machine bed, and a special material is heated up until malleable, then dropped directly onto the cast with vacuum suction, to shape material onto the cast. Angelina Gosal, from Subway, said: “What a way to honour our new Teriyaki Steak Sub. Nadia has expertly brought our Japanese-inspired sub to life, but in amazing miniature form. “As well as the Teriyaki Steak, we also have a brand new vegan option, the Plant-based Teriyaki Steak – recently launched in partnership with The Vegetarian Butcher, for our guests to enjoy as well.” Teriyaki Steak and Plant-based Teriyaki Steak are available now at Subway. Order online and in store now. To find your nearest Subway visit here.