A golfer has survived a near brush with death after a routine visit to the optician's revealed he had a brain tumour the size of a tennis ball. Jonathan Jones, 56, first had trouble with his vision during a round of golf last year as he struggled to find the ball. Suspecting nothing significant, he visited an optometrist, who discovered a growth behind his right eye. Mr Jones discovered he could not see to the left from his left eye or to the right with his right. He explained that he knew something was wrong when he had "difficulty finding my golf balls". He said he could see them "from 20 yards away" but found they would "disappear" as he got closer. What he didn't know at the time was that the symptoms are classic indicators of a brain tumour. READ MORE: Cancer patient 'jumped at the chance' for experimental drug treatment The "really unusual and quite frightening" symptoms led Mr Jones to schedule an appointment with a Specsavers in Stamford, Lincolnshire. He was anticipating a "prescription change" but found "complete shock" after his optician raised the alarm over the growth. They referred him to an exploratory scan to confirm the discovery. An MRI scan found he had a tumour the size of a tennis ball - and it was pressing against his frontal lobe. GRAPHIC IMAGE BELOW Surgeons extracted the monster growth the following week in a 14-hour procedure. Mr Jones now has a scar across his forehead, but he has recovered his sight. The thankful golfer told SWNS how lucky he felt that opticians found the growth when they did. If not, he said, he may have found himself in a "very different position". Mr Jones said the ordeal has shown him how vital it is to seek help when something appears out of the ordinary. He said: "This experience has really highlighted to me how important it is to speak to a professional when something doesn’t feel right, especially when it concerns your health. "If I’d not gone to Specsavers, I may well be in a very different position today." He added: "And so for that, I’m extremely grateful."