A warehouse in St. Petersburg, Russia, has "turned to ashes" after an overnight fire due to "unknown causes". A total of 400m2 of the facility was reported to be destroyed by the fire. The blaze follows accounts of another fire this morning that burned through the roof of a shop in a village in the Krasnoyarsk region of Russia. The one-story warehouse was located on the Sverdlovsk embankment in the city. According to the Russian Emergency Situations Ministry, more than 70 firefighters and 18 pieces of equipment were involved in removing the fire. They extinguished the blaze at 7.10am today. Ukraine expert NoelReports tweeted: "Due to a fire overnight, a warehouse in St. Petersburg went up in flames and became ashes. In total 400m2 was destroyed by an unknown cause." Russian Emergency Situations Ministry said in Russian: "Thanks to the coordinated actions of fire and rescue units, it was possible to prevent the spread of fire to neighboring buildings. According to preliminary data, no victims."  Both fires come after several mystery fires around Russia, particularly in St Petersburg, were reported in the last several months. Last week, another large fire broke out at a tractor factory also around 400 square metres in St Petersbeg, leaving two dead, according to the New Voice of Ukraine. The incident, which occurred at the "Belarus MTZ" factory also had unknown causes. Two days before that, a military facility was also set ablaze in Novy Oskol, in the Belgorod Oblast, according to local social media posts. The local governor Andrey Gridnev claimed the incident was a "fire at a temporary construction sire" due to workplace negligence. And in October, a warehouse went up in flames near St Petersburg and prompted a large operation to extinguish the fire. A group of 160 firefighters and 45 units of special equipment helped to tackle the blaze which affected an area of roughly 12,000 square metres in a village named Metallostroy, the Russian news agency TASS reported. Recent fires have also been reported at oil facilities in Siberia, Bryansk Oblast, and Kursk. Large shopping centres in Moscow and Moscow Oblast, a power plant in Perm have also burned down. Other warehouses have been burned down in Vladivostok, Moscow and Volgograd. 