Arsenal have been warned by former star Kevin Campbell that signing Myhaylo Mudryk will not be enough with the club still needing to recruit a striker. Eddie Nketiah has been excellent since replacing the injured Gabriel Jesus in the starting XI but the Englishman is the club’s sole senior option in the No 9 position so Mikel Arteta has been encouraged to strengthen. Arsenal appear to be getting closer to the signing of Mudryk after reports emerged that negotiations with Shakhtar Donetsk had progressed to discussing the final details of the deal. The Gunners are said to have committed to paying up to £80million for the player with conversations now surrounding how the deal will be structured. However, the club have been encouraged to do more by former player Campbell if they are serious about winning the Premier League title. The 52-year-old believes reinforcements are required up front, arguing that ex-Chelsea star Tammy Abraham would be a good option to complement those already at the club. “Gabriel Jesus has obviously been out injured but Eddie Nketiah has come in and done a really good job,” he told Sky Sports. “That being said, it’s still firepower that Arsenal lack. You look at their bench and it’s great to see Emile Smith Rowe come back, but it’s not enough. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE “Mykhaylo Mudryk will be a really good addition but I still think they need another striker. Rumour has it that they were interested in Tammy Abraham, I think that would be a good option as well. With him they can mix and match and play different players throughout the season because there’s a lot of games to come.” Jesus has been missing since the World Cup after injuring his knee during the tournament with Nketiah performing admirably in his place. The 23-year-old has scored four times in as many games but with the Brazilian likely to be out for the foreseeable future, leading the line for the Premier League title chasers is a big burden to handle on his own. READ MORE:Arsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWFive Man Utd transfer targets off limits 'even if Glazers sell up' after UEFA rule change Mudryk will help to improve the side’s attacking options but the player has no experience of playing through the centre. His arrival may help to free up Gabriel Martinelli to take on some of the responsibility however the 21-year-old has been excellent out wide this season and Arteta may be reluctant to move him. It remains to be seen whether or not Arsenal will look to make more signings after the arrival of Mudryk but if they do it is likely they may be up front given the lack of depth in the position currently.