A former White House press secretary told Fox News he would be "shamed" to be the current press secretary who "won't answer any questions" surrounding the mishandling of classified documents, which continue to swirl around President Joe Biden. Classified documents have recently been found at the homes of both Biden and former Vice President Mike Pence and promptly turned over to the National Archives. John Kirby, National Security Council strategic communications coordinator, told reporters in a White House briefing on Wednesday that "everybody" knows the rules regarding the handling of classified documents. Fox News’ Peter Doocy asked Kirby: "John, how hard is it to walk out of a SCIF [sensitive compartmented information facility] with classified material?" "Everybody who goes in to a SCIF knows what the requirements are to go in and knows what the requirements are to go out," he replied. It comes as White House Press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre has remained tight-lipped about the case.     Johnathon Turley, Shapiro Chair of Public Interest Law at George Washington University, tweeted: "Riddle me this: why can the Coordinator for Strategic Communications John Kirby answer basic questions about classification rules but not the White House Press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre? "Both appear in the press room to answer questions and Kirby had no difficulty answering questions about the rules regarding the removal of classified documents from SCIFs. No mantra on sending reporters to counsel for the President. "The position of the White House has become entirely untethered from any legal or logical justification. What remains is a calculated use of the investigation to stonewall the public and the press." Speaking to Fox News, former White House press secretary Mr Fleischer was asked why government officials are not answering more questions about the classified documents case during press briefings.   READ MORE: Biden to snub UK trade deal to appease trade unions He replied: "The press secretary in this case, he needs - both personal are professional - dovetail perfectly with the stonewalling needs of the Biden White House and that's why she won't answer any questions". "I could have played that card innumerable times as press secretary but you get to a point where you say 'I've got an obligation actually, these are fair questions, good questions, and they deserve answers'", he added. This, he said, is "what you do as press secretary". "In so many ways, I would feel shamed if someone else took to the podium and answered the questions that it was my job to answer", he added.   Classified documents were found by officials in November at a Washington think tank where Biden kept a private office before becoming president. Earlier this month, six more classified documents were found by FBI agents at the president's home in Wilmington, Delaware, during a consensual search lasting nearly 13 hours. Following the discovery, Biden has faced heat from political figures and the public, but he claims he has "no regrets" about the misplaced documents. Last week, Biden told reporters as he toured storm damage in California: "I think you're gonna find there's nothing there."I have no regrets. I'm following what the lawyers have told me they want me to do. It's exactly what we're doing. There's no there there." 