The broadcaster led discussions on the ITV morning show alongside co-host Susanna Reid, and both were criticised as some interviews saw the duo and guests "talking over each other". Richard came under fire for cutting in with statements as Good Morning Britain guests attempted to speak, and some went as far as "switching off". During one segment, ITV doctor Hilary Jones joined the presenters to discuss the NHS crisis, and fans cringed as Madeley continued to cut in while the medical professional was speaking. The doctor talked about the overwhelmed NHS and decided to share messages he had seen in a WhatsApp group from NHS staff. He began by reading one which said: "'At our hospital, we have such a long wait to get into the acute medical unit that we have a junior doctor on the roster called 'car triage'. "This means they spend their whole shift checking on people waiting outside in their cars.'" READ MORE: Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again As he was about to comment and elaborate, Richard clarified: "Car triage?" Hilary confirmed and was set to continue his point when Madeley went on: "So hang on, a doctor specifically assigned to go out to the car park?" "Yes, to check on people in cars because there's no room in corridors..." the doctor explained. "And that's the only thing that they do on their shift? They're in the car park?" the broadcaster added. The doctor moved on to a new message, in which he explained how one concerned person had shared a story about staff being forced to kick a patient from a bed into a corridor to move a more critical patient into the room. "So, they had a patient who was dying?" Susanna chimed. "In a corridor," Hilary confirmed, to which Susanna continued: "In the corridor, they had to remove a patient who was being cared for in a bed because they were in a better state so the dying patient could have a bed..." Hilary confirmed to the shocked presenters, but some fans of the show wanted to hear more from him. DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood admits 'got me going' as she reflects start to career [VIDEO]EastEnders' Zack Hudson receives life-changing news [SPOILER]Prince Harry to 'attack' brother in memoir as he 'turns on' William [LATEST] As Hilary shared one final message and began to detail his fears over the NHS crisis, Richard yet again interrupted. Furious viewers raged about Richard's interviewing technique and continued to do so as the 66-year-old chatted to other guests later in the show. Twitter user @MALWOW1 wrote: "Please stop talking over each other, it's too early to have to listen to it and I have turned off!" Agreeing, @susikaam wrote: "It’s impossible to listen to." @mrgrandan penned: "Blimey Susanna and Richard, when does the guest get to speak? #GMB." "Will Madeley’s ego ever let up & let Dr Hilary finish a sentence?" @RachelG21879460 asked. @catererkev shared: "Why does Richard Madeley make every news item about himself? So smarmy and irritating. Get rid. #GMB" @gailsco36343980 posted: "Richard Madeley is completely out of his depth. Shame on you GMB." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.