NFL superstar Patrick Mahomes revealed the incredible recovery of Damar Hamlin from his cardiac arrest has motivated the rest of the league and its players ahead of the postseason. The entire sporting world has banded together to unite behind Hamlin, who is recovering well after the traumatic events on Monday Night Football. During the crucial clash between the Buffalo Bills and Cincinnati Bengals early this week, Hamlin collapsed on the turf midway through the first quarter. The 24-year-old fell after making a tackle on Bengals receiver Tee Higgins and had to be revived on the field before he was rushed to the University of Cincinnati hospital. The match was suspended as players were clearly not able to continue, while there was a tsunami of support for Hamlin and his family in the aftermath of the worrying scene. Physicians at UCMC revealed Hamlin awoke on Thursday, while he spoke to his family, care team and Buffalo teammates on FaceTime on Friday. Ahead of the final regular season clash of the 2022 NFL season, Mahomes suggested Hamlin’s remarkable progress was inspiring players around the league. The 2018 MVP wore a custom sweatshirt honouring Hamlin ahead of the Chiefs’ match against the Las Vegas Raiders, with a photo of the safety alongside a ‘Hamlin Strong’ message. READ MORE: Damar Hamlin charity hits incredible sum after star's cardiac arrest “This week, it's been hard for a lot of guys but to have him being able able to talk and be with his family gave us motivation,” the quarterback said. “We just want to enjoy this game that we all love. “We all send our love to him and hopefully he's back on the field sooner rather than later.” Mahomes was one of a number of tributes to Hamlin on Saturday night as the Chiefs defeated the Raiders and clinched the first seed in the AFC. Players warmed up in black t-shirts with a message that read 'Love for Damar 3' on the front while there was an emotional video played at Allegiant Stadium prior to kickoff. The video will be played at each and every stadium as a showcase of solidarity with Hamlin, while the NFL also allowed teams to outline the ’3’ at each 30-yard line marker in the Bills’ iconic blue or red colours. Meanwhile, the Bills revealed they are set to wear special jersey patches displaying the no.3 - Hamlin’s jersey number - when they face the New England Patriots on Sunday. DON'T MISSBuffalo Bills head coach offers ‘glory to god’ in first public commentDamar Hamlin first words to NFL team after waking from cardiac arrestTampa Bay Buccaneers ace on how Damar Hamlin horror affects his game Amid positive news surrounding his recovery, Hamlin posted on social media for the first time since suffering a cardiac arrest. He took to Instagram to write: “When you put real love out into the world it comes back to you 3x's as much. “The love has been overwhelming but I'm thankful for every single person that prayed for me and reached out. We brung (sic) the world back together behind this. If you know me you know this only gone make me stronger. “On a long road keep praying for me!”