Midsomer Murders season 23 started on AcornTV in America in December 2022 with new episodes airing on a weekly basis. So far, there has been no word from ITV on when the beloved British crime drama is going to be airing on this side of the pond. So, for now at least, fans are going to have to relive previous episodes, including The Ghost of Causton Abbey which airs on Friday, January 13, at 9pm. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Midsomer Murders. Sylvia Reynolds is seen as a fading stage actress who is in town when a disused abbey, that is believed to be cursed, is about to be turned into a pub. But following the launch night, the locals and Sylvia are spooked as the supposed curse claims its first victim. Legendary musical theatre performer Elaine Paige is behind Sylvia Reynolds and is probably best known for starring in the original West End production of Cats as Grizabella. As well as a radio presenter, singer and producer, Paige has appeared in a number of series and films, such as Life, Speed Love, Tales of the Unexpected, Marple and Home from Home. READ MORE: Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire Actress Anita Harris had a number of chart hits during the 1960s when she sang with the Cliff Adams Singers for three years. She went on to star in the iconic Carry On films Follow That Camel and Carry on Doctor. In more recent years, Harris has had minor roles in Casualty, People are Messy and EastEnders. Few details are known about the character of Irene Taylor ahead of the episode airing. Pathologist Fleur Perkins is first introduced at the start of season 20 and makes quite an impression with DCI John Barnaby (played by Neil Dudgeon). She can't help but crack a few deadpan jokes which don't exactly sit right with him in the first instance. EastEnders fans will remember actress Annette Badland as Babe Smith for three years before making her exit in 2017. She has also been behind Margaret Blaine in Doctor Who, Mrs Glenna Fitzgibbons in Outlander season one and Mae in Ted Lasso. DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun buyer breaks down as she details heartbreak  [VIDEO]Here's the lowdown on the new series of Midsomer Murders [EXPLAINER]Idris Elba would struggle to play James Bond due to age, star claims [CAST] Among the suspects is Keith Grundy, an old-fashioned man who used to be a criminal in his heyday. Actor Michael Byrne has been in unforgettable films like Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Tomorrow Never Dies and Braveheart. Keith and Russell are of some relation but it is not clear exactly how they are linked just yet. Those who grew up in the noughties will probably best recognise Tony Gardner for starring in the children's show My Parents Are Aliens. Actress Angela Griffin has recently reprised her role as Kim Campbell in the hit school drama Waterloo Road on BBC One. She has also been in Netflix's White Lines, Coronation Street, Help and Brief Encounters, just to list some of her previous work. Other cast members include: Emani Taylor - Amber Aga Paul Taylor - Jason Merrells Faiza Jindal - Anjli Mohindra Young Sylvia - Beth Cooke Midsomer Murders returns on Friday, January 13, at 9pm on ITV.