 Prince William and Princess Kate – then the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge – paid a visit to the BBC Radio 1 studio as part of their work with Heads Together, the mental health charity they led with Prince Harry before his departure from royal life, during which they were chatted about elements of royal life and their relationships with other family members. During the clip, presenter Scott Mills playfully asks William: “If there was a fight between you and Harry, who would win?” To which William replies: “Well that’s clearly obvious, me.” When Mills asks, “why?”, William says: “Because I’m bigger.” The Prince then erupts into laughter, and his wife is seen laughing alongside him during the lighthearted interaction. The clip was filmed in 2017, a year before Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were married, and three years before they opted out of working royal life, leading to the acrimonious royal split well-publicised today.  The comments, while clearly intended in a lighthearted brotherly manner, will take on new poignancy now amid explosive claims made by the younger Prince in his upcoming memoir. In Spare, due for publication next week but seen in advance by The Guardian, Prince Harry makes the claim that William physically attacked him during a confrontation at Nottingham Cottage on the grounds of Kensington Palace in 2019. According to the Guardian, the altercation took place over Harry’s marriage to Meghan Markle, and the ensuing fallout in the press. Harry allegedly writes that William wanted to talk about “the whole rolling catastrophe” of their relationship and its perception in the media and by the public. But William was already “piping hot” when he arrived at “Nott Cott” – where Harry and Meghan lived at the time – Harry writes. Harry reportedly goes on to describe William calling Meghan “difficult”, “rude” and “abrasive”, to which Harry accused his brother of “parrot[ing] the press narrative”. Harry is then said to describe a scene of the two men shouting over one another, and Harry accusing his older brother of acting like the heir and not understanding why he didn’t want to be seen as the spare – the old royal saying of “the heir and the spare”, of which Harry’s book takes its title. Harry allegedly goes on to write that William eventually told Harry he was trying to help him, to which Harry replied: “Are you serious? Help me? Sorry – is that what you call this? Helping me?” That comment, Harry says, escalated the conflict once more, and led William to swear at him while stepping towards him. Now frightened, Harry reportedly said he then went to the kitchen, his brother following. Harry writes that he gave his brother a glass of water and said: “Willy, I can’t speak to you when you’re like this.” The Guardian reports that Harry then writes: “He set down the water, called me another name, then came at me. It all happened so fast. So very fast. “He grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor. I landed on the dog’s bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me. “I lay there for a moment, dazed, then got to my feet and told him to get out.” Harry writes that William urged him to hit back, citing fights they had as children. Harry says he refused to do so. William then left, Harry writes, then returned “looking regretful, and apologised”.  When William left again, Harry then reportedly says, he “turned and called back: ‘You don’t need to tell Meg about this.’ “‘You mean that you attacked me?’ “‘I didn’t attack you, Harold.’” Harry says he didn’t immediately tell his wife – but when Meghan later noticed “scrapes and bruises” on his back, he told her of the attack. Harry reportedly writes that Meghan “wasn’t that surprised, and wasn’t all that angry. She was terribly sad.” Express.co.uk has contacted Kensington Palace for comment. The Royal Family has so far declined to comment on any of the claims. Prince Harry's autobiography Spare, published by Penguin Random House will be released on January 10. It is available for preorder here. 