Ant-Man and The Wasp: Quantumania is the first of three MCU movies to hit cinemas this year, including Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3 and The Marvels. Paul Rudd’s solo threequel sees him and the Pym family sucked back into the Quantum Realm where they come to face to face with the franchise’s new Thanos-level villain, Kang the Conqueror. Resuming her role after escaping the Microverse in Ant-Man and the Wasp is Michelle Pfeiffer’s Janet van Dyne, whose connection to an Iron Man Easter Egg in Avengers Age of Ultron may finally pay off. Back in Avengers: Age of Ultron, which came out in 2015 with Ant-Man, Tony Stark needed a new AI system for his Iron Man suits after JARVIS became Vision. In the scene where he chose FRIDAY, the other options that are available on his desk include TADASHI, which is a reference to Marvel’s Big Hero 6. However, the other one is JOCASTA, which has a close connection to Janet van Dyne and could well show up in Ant-Man and The Wasp: Quantumania. As pointed out by Screen Rant, in Marvel Comics JOCASTA is an AI with a robot body who was originally built to be Ultron’s wife. At one point Hank Pym was tricked into uploading Janet’s mind into it. And although she did eventually get emancipated from the villain, she continued to reflect her human counterpart’s personality. Perhaps Janet will die in Ant-Man and The Wasp: Quantumania and be replaced with JOCASTA, before turning up in the upcoming Armour Wars with a rumoured return of Ultron? Another possibility is seeing her team up with the Young Avengers, which Cassie Lang could well become a part of. Meanwhile, Robert Downey Jr is rumoured to be returning as Iron Man to the MCU. READ MORE: Marvel theory: Ant-Man 3 introduces Fantastic Four Tony Stark sacrificially gave his life to save the universe at the end of Avengers Endgame. However, with the multiverse opening up in the MCU there’s always room for a variant of his to show up in Avengers: Secret Wars, in three years' time. According to scooper MyTimeToShineHello: “RDJ is back baby (for Secret Wars for sure, and there's been some talks for a cameo in Armor Wars.” Ant-Man and The Wasp: Quantumania is released in cinemas on February 17, 2023. SOURCE