This week some payments have been triggered again, in areas where the weather is, or is forecast to be, below zero for seven consecutive days. Payments have been triggered three times in some postcodes so far this winter with thousands of Britons to have got £75 in total, which could make a big difference to a household’s finances. The Government website states payments should be made within 14 working days of them being triggered. The money should appear in the same or building society account in which a person receives their benefits. An individual who believes they are missing a payment or several payments can contact the Government for advice. Which department they should contact depends on what benefit makes them eligible for the payments. READ MORE: British Gas pledges new support including £250 credit for certain struggling customers  Those who are on Pension Credit, which can be claimed by people of state pension age, can contact the Pension Service if they think they are missing payments. The department can be called on 0800 731 0469. Anyone who is on one of the other benefits who believes they are missing a Cold Weather Payment, can contact their local Jobcentre Plus. Who is eligible for Cold Weather Payments? Before contacting the departments, a person may want to check the additional criteria to see if they are in fact eligible for the payments. READ MORE: Martin Lewis warns millions of ISA savers are being underpaid as interest rates 'rocket'  A person will usually get the payment if one of these criteria apply: A person will usually get Cold Weather Payments if they get income-related ESA and are in a work-related activity group or support group. If they are not in either group, they may get the payment if one of these criteria apply: People on Universal Credit usually get the payments if they are not employed or self-employed, or if their partner is not employed or self-employed. One of these criteria must also apply: A person will usually get Cold Weather Payments if they get Support for Mortgage Interest (SMI) and have any of the following: