Former Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy believes Newcastle "could do a lot worse" than making a move for Harry Maguire. The England international fell down the pecking order at the start of the season under Erik ten Hag as he was seen as the fourth-choice centre-back. Lisandro Martinez and Raphael Varane have been the go-to centre-back pairing under Ten Hag with Victor Lindelof favoured over Maguire. The Argentine star has only just returned to the fold at Old Trafford after being given an extended break following his nation's win at the World Cup. Maguire has been back in action at United in recent weeks, starting games against Bournemouth and most recently Charlton in the Carabao Cup. But it remains to be seen whether Maguire will be in the starting line-up on a regular basis with everybody now back fit and available for Ten Hag. According to the Manchester Evening News, both Maguire and United have laughed off speculation linking the defender with a move away from Old Trafford this month. Ten Hag supposedly wants to keep Maguire at the club until the summer at least, where he may then be moved on. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  Maguire showed his talents at the World Cup for England and will not be short of suitors should United indicate they want to sell. And Murphy believes Newcastle could be the perfect option for Maguire's next club. When asked on talkSPORT whether he feels Maguire has a future at United, Murphy said: “No, but he has a good future somewhere else because he’s still a great talent. He’s got leadership qualities, he’s learnt at United. Yes, he’s had a little bad spell but a lot of it has been good. “He’s done brilliantly on the international stage at big tournaments, he’s great on set-plays, he’s a good character. He’s not a ‘big time Charlie’, he’s humble, he looks like a great lad, good family, good support network around him. He’s going to have many takers.  “It wouldn’t surprise me if someone like Eddie Howe went for Maguire as another choice for them. A club like Newcastle could do a lot worse than get someone like Maguire.” Howe has mainly used Sven Botman and Fabian Schar as Newcastle's centre-back pairing this season to huge success. The defensive duo have been crucial to Newcastle's success this season in helping the Magpies move into contention for a Champions League qualification spot. But Newcastle are expected to be in the market for a centre-back this summer with Jamal Lascelles being linked with a move away while third-choice Dan Burn has been utilised as a left-back for most of this season.