The Beatles were truly formed in 1962, after their manager, Brian Epstein, decided to fire the band's first drummer Pete Best, before replacing him with Ringo Starr. After that, the Fab Four proceeded to take over the world with their music. But John Lennon felt as if two of the band members were not needed throughout their journey. Lennon and his wife, Yoko Ono, were interviewed in 1980 for David Sheff's book: All We Are Saying: The Last Major Interview with John Lennon and Yoko Ono. In the intimate chat, he admitted that he and his songwriting cohort, Paul McCartney, were the essential members in the band. "Let’s say, I think it’s possible for John and Paul to have created the same thing with two other guys,” Lennon said. "It may not have been possible for George and Ringo to have created it without John and Paul. OK?” While a little harsh, it's easy to see why Lennon might have thought that. The Lennon-McCartney songwriting partnership wrote countless Beatles songs that proved to be incredible chart successes. These credits included such songs as Love Me Do, Please Please Me and She Loves You to name just a few. However, it's important to note that George Harrison and Starr wrote some massive songs on their own, as well. The former, particularly, penned some of the band's biggest and best hits of all time, including Something, While My Guitar Gently Weeps, Here Comes the Sun and Within You Without You. Lennon did go on to speak highly of the pair's musicianship, however. He said: "That doesn’t take away from the individual talents that they have. Ringo was a star in his own right in Liverpool before we even met. Ringo was a professional drummer who sang and performed and was in one of the top groups in Britain, but especially in Liverpool. So Ringo’s talent would have come out one way or the other. DON'T MISS:Paul McCartney issued apology for ‘animal cruelty’ before activism [NEWS]Ringo Starr's favourite John Lennon White Album song reunited Beatles [INFO]Paul McCartney’s unseen early Beatles photos to go on display [PHOTOS] Lennon also mused that The Beatles' drummer would have become a highly regarded star even if he never joined the band. "I don’t know what he would have ended up as," he said. "Whatever that spark is in Ringo, we all know it but we can’t put our finger on it. Whether it’s acting, drumming, or singing, I don’t know." He added: "There’s something in him that is projectable and he would have surfaced as an individual." The feeling was apparently mutual between Lennon and Starr, as the latter recently revealed in the new Disney Plus documentary If These Walls Could Sing. Starr recently praised one of Lennon's lesser-known songs. He said: "My favourite track is Yer Blues, where we took everything into a room, not as big as this [small] carpet." "We just, like, rocked it," he recalled. "We just, y’know, turned into this incredible, closest band. It’s one of the all-time great memories for me." Lennon first wrote Yer Blues while he was visiting India and "trying to reach God and feeling suicidal". SOURCE