Sharon Stone, 64, was the talk of the 1990s when 1992's Basic Instinct hit theatres, with her onscreen romance with Michael Douglas, 78, being the talk of Hollywood. However, Sharon admitted that despite their onscreen chemistry, Sharon was never "comfortable" around Michael onset, with the pair having a "strange dynamic". Basic Instinct stars Sharon as Catherine Tramell, a writer who is the prime suspect after the murder of a rock star. Michael plays police detective Nick Curran, who becomes involved with Sharon's character during the thriller. The film is considered to be groundbreaking for its depictions of sexuality in a mainstream Hollywood film. In an interview with Playboy at the time, Sharon reflected on Basic Instinct and her rise in Hollywood while also touching on her relationship with her co-star. READ MORE: Ant McPartlin’s ex-wife Lisa sparks concern with cryptic post When asked about Michael, she replied: "I had met him on two or three occasions in social situations before I tested with him for this movie. "I really felt that he and I could have a certain strange, dynamic energy together. I was never comfortable around him, and I don’t think he was comfortable around me." However, while many would worry about his sort of dynamic, Sharon insisted that it helped her in the role as it created an onscreen "tension". She continued: "It was a primal thing for me. It was all about watching him, observing his movements, provoking him. "If one were to believe in karma, I would say there is some karmic circle yet unfulfilled between the two of us. Our energy together was strong. "It still isn’t comfortable for me, but I think it works very well for our work together." Sharon also made sure she did not get to know Michael very well as the element of "mystery" would help her character. The actress has also never stood back from standing her ground and sharing what she believes in when it comes to causes she cares about. DON'T MISS... Jonathan Ross says daughter Betty, 31, is now in wheelchair [COMMENT] Police find body in search for BBC editor Aled Glynne Davies [LATEST] James Corden admits he is 'excited and scared' to return to UK [INSIGHT]  However, it once nearly not only threatened her career but also her life, when fans and even her industry colleagues were not receptive to her stance. Sharon recalled the time when she took over then-amfAR chairwoman Elizabeth Taylor at the organization's annual Cannes fundraising gala in 1995. According to Deadline, the actress teared up when recalling the backlash she faced, admitting she didn't work for eight years because of it. She said: "I had pretty big shoes to fill with Elizabeth Talyor at amfAR. At the time you weren't allowed to talk about AIDS. "She got hives on her neck. I said, 'I know, but I am going to do it, you're gonna kill me.' She replied, 'And if you don't, I am gonna kill you'. "It did destroy my career. I didn't work for eight years. "I was told if I said condom again, funding would be removed. I was threatened repeatedly, my life was threatened, and I decided I had to stick with it." She persisted, however, meeting with research institutes and advertising AIDS remedies, and now she says: "Now 37 million are living with HIV/AIDS, living, functioning, and healthy." You can watch Basic Instinct at 11.30pm this evening on Channel 5