Red Bull chief Christian Horner admits concerns over teams having their prize fund diluted has led to resistance over the possible entry of an Andretti-Cadillac team on the F1 grid. Michael Andretti - the last American driver to score points in F1 - wants to get an 11th team in the paddock after joining forces with US car giants General Motors, who represent the Cadillac brand.   Andretti-Cadillac was the only team to express an interest in joining the grid after FIA president Mohamed ben Sulayem openly explored the possibility of expansion in the sport. Andretti, the Andretti Global chairman, believes his General Motors backing provides enough value to the sport for his proposed team to join by 2026 at the latest. Andretti has huge plans in F1 and could rival Mercedes and Red Bull for championships with significant investment if his proposed team was to get onto the grid in the near future. But there is huge opposition to Andretti’s partnership joining the sport from F1 itself and the 10 current teams. And while Red Bull team principal Horner acknowledges what the All-American entry could bring to F1, he is worried teams could lose a share of prize money if an 11th outfit joins. READ MORE: Mercedes factory mood 'tense' as 'good engineers' leave Silver Arrows “Look, Andretti is a great brand, a great team,” the Red Bull team boss told RACER. “Mario, what he did in Formula 1 — as an American as well — is fantastic. “Obviously GM with Cadillac as well would be two phenomenal brands to have in the sport, and I don’t think there can be any dispute about that.As with all these things though, it ultimately boils down to, ‘Well, who’s going to pay for it?’ “And you can assume that the teams, if they’re perceived to be the ones who are paying for it – or diluting their payments to accommodate it — of course it’s not going to sit that well. “The two teams that are supporting it (McLaren and Alpine) either have a partnership in the U.S. with them, or are going to supply them an engine. The other eight are saying, ‘Well hang on, why should we dilute our element of the prize fund?’” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton begged to risk ban and break FIA rule by prisonerFIA president addresses Saudi £16bn F1 takeover offer in new statement FIA row sparked as official questions president's new F1 decision  Andretti, however, is frustrated that his bid has not been welcomed by F1 teams as he bemoaned the ‘greed’ of those on the grid. And he is adamant that any dilution of prize funds would prove academic with the money his team can introduce to the sport. "It's all about money," Andretti told Forbes. "First, they think they are going to get diluted one-tenth of their prize money, but they also get very greedy thinking we will take all the American sponsors as well. "It's all about greed and looking at themselves and not looking at what is best for the overall growth of the series."