Ken Bruce, 71, has received an outpouring of support from his loyal fans this week as he announced his move to Greatest Hits Radio after his exit from BBC Radio 2. The legendary radio DJ will be joining the broadcaster in April as Scott Mills faces backlash over some listeners’ suspicions he may be a candidate to replace Ken. Greatest Hits Radio announced the big news on Tuesday in a tweet featuring a video of Ken saying it was “time to try something a little bit different”. In the clip, Ken said he hoped people would say: “Sorry to hear you’re going, Ken, but maybe I’ll try and find you and follow you wherever it is you’re going.” The radio station revealed: “We’ve been keeping a big secret … We are delighted to announce that legendary broadcaster @RealKenBruce will be joining the Greatest Hits Radio family in April.” Hundreds of fans replied to the tweet expressing their delight over the big announcement. READ MORE: Richard Madeley's daughter Chloe rushes 'poorly' baby to hospital Sadler5Sue said: “Will definitely follow Ken to @greatesthitsuk Radio 2 is so over now.” BorlaseGillian added: “Had never heard of greatest hits radio, I have now and will be listening to this station when Ken joins.” Tis_Tiff tweeted: “Looks like this is my new radio station to listen to at work starting april then!” (sic) NewHarpsichord typed: “Congrats to the team at Greatest Hits Radio - you will have a new listener with me, and I suspect many (many) others!” The news comes as Scott Mills has been dragged into the fury from BBC Radio 2 listeners, who have been sharing their dismay over Ken’s Radio 2 exit. When Ken left the show after 31 years of hosting, listeners began speculating who could potentially replace the stalwart presenter with some suggesting Scott could be an option. The 49-year-old left BBC Radio 1 in August to switch over to Radio 2 and take over Steve Wright's very popular early afternoon slot, which has led some listeners to think something similar might have happened with Ken. Steve, who spent 23 years at the radio station, announced he would be stepping down from daytime radio in September when Scott announced he'd be taking over. DON'T MISSPrince Harry savaged by Chelsea Handler at Critics Choice Awards [LATEST]Escape to the Chateau's Angel Strawbridge admits issues at home [INSIGHT]Lisa Marie Presley slurs words at Golden Globes just before death [NEWS] Lucy fumed: "It's so sad to see Ken Bruce leave radio 2. Another legend is leaving. I don't want to keep listening to Scott Mills." David tweeted: "Dear BBC. Please please please don’t even think of replacing the legendary Ken B with that bloke #scottmills who does the 2:00 slot @BBCRadio2 unthinkable." But others came to his defence as Tom said: "Anyone who’s piling on Scott Mills because they don’t like his Radio 2 show needs to remember, the demographic at Radio 2 is changing. “There are a whole bunch of 30-somethings moving over to the station, mainly from Radio 1. You might not like the music, but they probably do." Taking to Twitter, the broadcaster responded to a fan of the Scott Mills Show who hit back at the critics, telling him to “ignore the old farts”. Paula tweeted: "@scott_mills FWIW, we're within a week of each other age-wise. I've listened to @BBCRadio2 for a couple of decades now, and your show is an absolute breath of fresh air. “Ignore the old farts who forget that they - and their favourites - were all in their 40s 'way back when'." Scott replied, in view of his 1.2 million followers, writing: "Very kind message Paula. Thank you x."