Britons are being left with tougher-than-ever decisions as high inflation and rising costs are leaving those approaching retirement strapped for cash, and unsure what to do next. Despite downsizing leaving Britons with some extra cash, relying solely on property to fund one’s retirement could leave someone worse off as there are other expenses to consider. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively with Becky O’Connor, director of public affairs at PensionBee, about the possible pitfalls of downsizing and whether it is a suitable option to fund retirement. She said: “A disadvantage of downsizing is that you would face a stamp duty bill on the smaller property you buy. “This may seem off putting when you are moving to maximise your income. “There are actually calls for the Government to offer down-sizers a tax break on stamp duty to further encourage moving. READ MORE: Family of 5 explain how they cut their energy bill in just one hour: 'Really cool' She continued: “Don’t forget, you could still potentially invest some of the proceeds of your house move in a pension, in order to benefit from tax relief, too. “Bear in mind that if you have already started to take an income from your pension, the amount you can contribute may have fallen to £4,000 a year - a limit known as the Money Purchase Annual Allowance. “If you haven’t yet started to make taxable withdrawals from your pension, then your annual allowance remains at either £40,000 or up to your current earnings level, whichever is lower. “There is also a little known break called ‘carry forward’ that applies to pension contribution annual limits, enabling you to use up unused annual allowance for the previous three years. “This could come in handy in a situation such as having a lump sum from a house sale.” READ MORE: Virgin Money launches ‘new market-leading’ savings account offering 4.25% There is a lot to consider when trying to plan one’s finances in their 60s. Britons can speak to Pension Wise, if they haven’t already, as their advisers may be able to help people decide what to do with existing pensions, which might inform any decision to downsize - or not. Ms O’Connor explained that "to downsize or not to downsize" is an almost inevitable question for older people in homes that they may feel are now a little large for their needs. It’s an even more pressing question for the ‘asset rich, cash poor’ who may have homes that are more valuable than their pensions. It is not uncommon for people to have more equity in their homes than they do in their pension pots. When someone reaches retirement age, what they need is a way to replace income from work and if their pension won’t do that, it’s natural to consider unlocking some of the equity in their home. Property can be valuable - but it’s not particularly useful as a source of income until someone sells. She said: “Downsizing is a less complicated way of freeing up the value of a home than using an equity release loan, with fewer possible long term implications. “For instance, the interest on equity release loans can roll up significantly over the years, eroding any inheritance you would otherwise have been able to leave to loved ones. “However from a practical point of view, moving might seem like the harder option - after all, it involves moving house at a time in life when you’d probably prefer to avoid stress. If this is off-putting to you but you like the sound of moving to free up cash, you might want to consider employing a home moving agency that specialises in older home movers. “Another advantage of downsizing is that as you get older, having a smaller home requires potentially both less maintenance, which reduces your living costs, as well as less energy to heat, which could reduce your energy bills too. “Anything that reduces costs will also come in handy when you are trying to get by on a limited budget in retirement.”