Fancy travelling through beautiful landscapes while earning good money and perks? If yes, then your dream job awaits.  The Royal Scotsman is hiring a housekeeping steward for £2,200 a month with free accommodation and meals provided on the opulent train. The luxury experience firm is looking for someone passionate about hospitality with personality and charm, and in return, the ideal candidate will get the opportunity to see Scotland's incredible landscapes while on the trip of a lifetime, reports Edinburgh Live. In the role, you would sleep in the staff quarters, and all meals are provided, with bosses even accepting any special requests for snacks while you are away. Other perks of the job include complimentary spa treatments and visits to exclusive castles, distilleries, and country pursuits. You would be one of 17 staff members expected to provide excellent service to customers paying more than £7,000 per passenger for a trip on the luxurious train.   Belmond who run the luxury train write: "In your role, you will be part of a close-knit team that is passionate about our 'Be Excellent to Each Other' culture, says General Manager Fredrik Laseen. "For all guests, the service and warm welcome from the onboard team is a major part of the experience. "As our ideal candidate, you will be passionate about hospitality and keen to embrace challenges. "Your personality and charm should shine through, whatever the task you’re working on at the time. "As one of 17 members of staff on board, you are adept at providing personal, impeccable, but discreet service to our discerning guests." They continued: "The camaraderie and convivial atmosphere on board make this a rewarding role. "You also reap the benefits of travelling through some of the most beautiful landscapes in the world – the pine-clad mountains and mirror-perfect lochs of the Scottish Highlands. "Our shift patterns vary depending on our journey schedule, but we have a dedication to your work-life balance. "We aim to offer a rotation of two journeys on, two journeys off, which can most often be an estimated week-on, week-off rotation. "As we know our schedule for the year, we also offer you a full rota for the season, which allows you to really plan your social calendar." They add that the train stops at a quiet station each evening to ensure a peaceful night’s sleep for all. Belmond said: "You will sleep in the staff carriage, sharing a cabin with one of your colleagues. "You will have regular opportunities to disembark and exercise, explore local communities, and enjoy personal time off. "We provide all meals on board, as well as supplying any special requests for snacks, etc. "Additionally, we provide and dry-clean all uniforms while on duty." You can find out more about the plum job here.