Welcome to Chippendales first made its debut in the USA in November 2022 and now it is landing in the UK on Disney+. The real-life crime drama premieres on Wednesday, January 11, on the streaming service with all eight episodes coming out in one go. Here's everything there is to know about the cast of Welcome to Chippendales. Somen "Steve" Banerjee is the founder of the iconic strip dance group, The Chippendales. While his business was a resounding success, the series will show how Steve would do anything to keep The Chippendales thriving. Actor, comedian and screenwriter Kumail Nanjiani is probably best known for playing Dinest in the HBO sitcom Silicon Valley. He has also been in Eternals, The Boys and wrote and co-starred in the movie The Big Sick. READ MORE: Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry Actress Annaleigh Ashford is best recognised for portraying Betty in Masters of Sex, as well as Paula Jones in Impeachment: American Crime Story. Some of her other roles have been in Bad Education, B Positive, Unbelievable, American Reject and The Undoing. Ashford is behind Steve's wife Irene in Welcome to Chippendales who initially wants a quiet life. However, when her romance begins with Steve, she soon gets addicted to the buzz and their new lavish lifestyle. Nick De Noia is an award-winning choreographer who worked alongside Steve to create The Chippendales. However, their relationship was a turbulent one as they didn't always see eye to eye when it came to creative decisions. Actor Murray Bartlett can be remembered for appearing in Looking, Tales of the City, The White Lotus, Noor and August. He is going to appear in the upcoming series of HBO drama The Last of Us as well. DON'T MISS...Tom Chambers pays tribute to Father Brown star Mark Williams [TRIBUTE]Disney Plus free trial: How you can still watch Disney+ for free [EXPLAINER]Marvel star 'rules himself out' of Next James bond race [CAST] Dorothy Stratten was a Canadian Playboy model and actress who was tragically murdered at the age of 20. She had just finished filming the movie Galaxina when her estranged husband and manager Paul Snider killed her. Actress Nicola Peltz was Bradley Martin in Bates Motel and Tessa in Transformers: Age of Extinction. She also featured in the film The Last Airbender as the character Katara. Paul Snider was the estranged husband and manager of Dorothy Stratten who she was in the process of divorcing. He famously played Matthew Crawley in Downton Abbey, before taking on the role of the Beast in Disney's Beauty and the Beast. Denise is a fan-turned-costume-designer for the Chippendales who works with choreographer Nick to turn the group into something special. Actress Juliette Lewis has been in Husband and Wives, Natural Born Killers, The Act and Cape Fear. Welcome to Chippendales will premiere on Wednesday, January 11, on Disney+ in the UK.