Lady Kitty Spencer, the daughter of Earl Charles Spencer (Princess Diana's younger brother) and Victoria Aitken, is now a happily married woman at the age of 32 and a successful model. But when she was younger, Kitty was negatively targeted online because of her weight. The transition became noticeable to royal fans in 2018 when Kitty attended her cousin Prince Harry's wedding to Meghan Markle. The niece of the late Princess Diana wore a green Dolce & Gabbana Alta Moda corseted gown for the special royal wedding and her figure looked incredible. Holly Zoccolan, a Nutritional Health Coach & Founder of The Health Zoc spoke to Express.co.uk to explain what diet Kitty follows and her exercise routine. She said: "As Lady Kitty Spencer makes it a priority to stay active whilst travelling, this shows her consistency with leading a healthy lifestyle. READ MORE: Camilla has taken years off with food that makes you 'look younger'  "She is often seen on social media swimming, using bikes and generally staying active when travelling." The expert explained why this routine is "key" to ensuring a good level of health. Ms Zoccolan continued: "As we know, consistency is key for a healthy mind and body so it’s great that Lady Kitty makes this a priority." According to the expert, Lady Kitty is not "restrictive" with her diet, despite losing a lot of weight in recent years.   Ms Zoccolan added: "We can also see that Lady Kitty is not restrictive with her diet, but makes maintaining her health a priority. "So it seems that she leads a healthy lifestyle, as opposed to following restrictive diet patterns that cause an unhealthy relationship with food and exercise." Back in 2010, Lady Kitty told the Evening Standard that exercise and healthy eating were not for her. "There's a gym in the house, literally next door to my bedroom," she said.  READ MORE: The change Camilla should make or risk looking 'unkempt and aged'   "I've walked past and looked in but I've never been inside. I don't like exercise, so I don't do it.” She does not agree with weighing herself, either. "My mum says it's unhealthy having scales in the house – they're banned," she explained. Kitty is now a model and ambassador for luxury brands such as Bvlgari and Dolce & Gabbana. She looks flawless in all her appearances but Kitty looked quite different a few years ago. The royal also claimed one other thing which motivated her to change her lifestyle completely, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's 2018 wedding.    The star revealed she was originally body-shamed in her mid-20s as some followers left cruel comments on her social media. She once got told by an Instagram user to “lay off the cake” because she was “too fat” in her bikini. However, some years later at her cousin Harry’s wedding, she had undergone a very impressive weight loss transformation. Her weight loss has now become obvious, especially as the model keeps posting her slim figure while attending galas and events. After Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding, Kitty, who looked beautiful in a green Dolce & Gabbana dress, gained over 37,000 followers on Instagram. A week after the wedding, Kitty was offered to be the face of Bvlgari.  