Prince Harry appeared on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert on Tuesday night in the US in which he shared jokes about feeling like he was in "group therapy", the empty seat next to him being "the spare", and his "todger". But the 38-year-old upset many royal fans for not appearing in front of a live audience for his interview. The show ended an hour before advertised with Colbert claiming it was for security reasons. One irate audience member told DailyMail.com: "Security issues? Really? It's not like he's Prince William or anything – he's not properly in line to the throne. "Who is trying to kill Harry? I've been to a lot of these and this has never happened. I'm really surprised." Another person was heard loudly saying "f*** Prince Harry" as they left the show. One woman asked: "Who needs prince Harry anyway? READ MORE: Kate Middleton lookalike fears for work amid royal rift  "They are just creating their own drama now for the sake of it. "If it's about your family and your safety why are you doing the interview in the first place?" The CBS show started with a joke where it seemed as if a red carpet and fanfare had been put on for Harry - before Colbert told the duke it was not for him as Hollywood actor Tom Hanks appeared on camera. Harry then sat down for the interview to a standing ovation from the audience, as he joked the two chairs in front of him were "the chair and the spare". The duke quickly used the prime-time slot to criticise the British press for leaks of his book, saying: "They intentionally chose to strip away all the context and take out individual segments of my life, my story and every experience I've had, and turned it into a salacious headline." Protests were sparked by Spare, which on Tuesday became the UK's fastest selling non-fiction book, due to Harry writing he had engaged in "the taking of human lives" while serving as a helicopter pilot in Afghanistan. "So, my number is 25. It's not a number that fills me with satisfaction, but nor does it embarrass me," he wrote. The 38-year-old told Colbert it had been "hurtful and challenging" watching the reactions following the book's publication. DON'T MISS Prince Harry dubbed 'Lord of the Gingers' by US talk show host [INSIGHT]Princess Charlotte 'could be teased' over bridesmaid dress row [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry ‘hold hands’ with CBS host Stephen Colbert [VIDEO] "Without a doubt, the most dangerous lie that they have told, is that I somehow boasted about the number of people that I killed in Afghanistan," Harry said. He noted the context in which the reference appeared in the book, before saying: "I should say, if I heard any one boasting about that kind of thing, I would be angry. But it's a lie. "My words are not dangerous, but the spin of my words are very dangerous." Harry said he was driven to discuss his kills by the goal of reducing veteran suicides.