A man sought by police after disappearing with a missing aristocrat and their baby daughter is a convicted sex offender who spent more than 20 years in jail. A nationwide police search for Mark Gordon and Constance Marten is in its second week with fears growing for the welfare of Miss Marten's newborn baby.   It is believed Mr Gordon, who is a British citizen, was deported from the United States in 2014 after reportedly serving 24 years in jail there for kidnap and sexual battery. He was aged 15 when convicted of the offences at a court in Broward County, Fort Lauderdale, Florida in 1990. His conviction relates to an attack on a woman in her early 20s when he was 14.  Police have said Mr Gordon and Ms Marten have a substantial amount of cash which allows them to live off-grid. Some 200 officers are working on the search and have scoured through more than 200 hours of CCTV footage since the pair were last seen on January 7. Police are particularly worried for the newborn and say neither Ms Marten nor the baby have received medical attention since the birth. The couple are understood to have lived an isolated life since meeting in 2016 with then-drama student Ms Marten cutting off ties with family and friends. She grew up in Crichel House, a Dorset estate, as part of an eminent family with links to the royals. Her grandmother was a playmate of Princess Margaret, while her father Napier Marten was a page to Elizabeth II, according to the Sunday Times.  The newspaper reported that the family put the Dorset estate on the market in 2010 for £100million before its sale to an American buyer. Ms Marten and Mr Gordon began moving around the country last September, renting AirBnBs for brief periods. They were on the M61 on January 5 when their car broke down and caught fire near junction four at Farnworth, Bolton. It is believed most of their belongings were destroyed in the blaze. The couple then walked to Anchor Lane Bridge where they got a taxi to Liverpool before getting another to Harwich, Essex.  They were seen around Colchester on January 6 and 7 when they took another taxi to East Ham Station in Newham, east London, where they were last seen. Each time Ms Marten and Mr Gordon are seen on CCTV, they are covering their faces or looking away. They have kept the baby covered up. Investigators say the couple appear to know how to evade authorities - making the search for them harder. Investigators said it is unusual for hotels to accept cash payments and appealed to staff at hotels or hostels where the couple may stay to come forward.  Detective Superintendent Lewis Basford said: "This is a complex investigation with officers from across the Met continuing to work around the clock to find Constance, Mark and their baby. "There is nothing to suggest any of them have come to any sort of intentional harm. We just need to ensure they are okay - especially the baby - and do not require any medical assistance for any underlying issues. "The last confirmed sighting of them was more than a week ago in East Ham. They could now be anywhere in the UK, which is why it is vital members of the public continue to contact us with any suspected sightings. "The assistance you've provided so far has been invaluable. Please don't forget about Constance, Mark and the baby - if you see them or think you have seen them then please contact us as a matter of urgency."  Anyone who has information on the family’s whereabouts should call the Metropolitan Police's incident room on 020 7175 0785. Alternatively, information can be reported anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. They never ask for personal details and do not trace your device. 