Arsenal will face a "massive problem" stopping the juggernaut that is Manchester City this season, claims Jamie Carragher. The pundit says City's comeback win over Tottenham is a big blow to the Gunners' Premier League title chances. Pep Guardiola's side trailed 2-0 at half-time at the Etihad on Thursday. Goals from Dejan Kulusevski and Emerson Royal late in the first half put Spurs ahead. But within eight second-half minutes, the lead had evaporated. Julian Alvarez and Erling Haaland drew the game level, before Riyad Mahrez sealed the comeback 10 minutes later. Mahrez grabbed his second late on to put some gloss on the win. City have closed the gap on leaders Arsenal to five points, and that could be reduced to two by the time the Gunners play Manchester United at 4.30pm on Sunday. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Carragher says the victory was huge for the reigning champions. And he thinks it is equally as worrying for Arsenal as they attempt to win their first title in 19 years. The Liverpool legend said on Sky Sports: "I think that was massive. City now have got that thing that Manchester United had when I was a player, where we were competing against them and you heard they were 2-0 down, but you didn’t believe they’d get beat. "I think Man City have got that now. I think since May they’ve gone behind five times in the Premier League, 2-0 down I should say, and they haven’t lost one - they’ve won three and drew two - so there’s something special about them. "We know they’re a great team, but that sort of fight, that will to win, that going to the end where they never know that they’re beaten, that’s a real special quality to have and that’s a massive problem, certainly for Arsenal this season, it's been a big problem for Liverpool in the past few years. But I think that result tonight for Arsenal will be a real blow." DON'T MISSArsenal about to 'amaze' Ferdinand with 'creative' signing that Keown will likeTransfer news LIVE: Arsenal, Chelsea medicals, Trossard deadline, Man Utd exit talksMan Utd star Sancho facing huge fight to get dream No 7 shirt ahead of return  Meanwhile, City boss Guardiola had a warning message for Arsenal in his post-match interview. He said: "Two decades. Without winning the Premier League. And every player knows they will go down in history. "That’s how we felt when we won the first Premier League and break all the records and another one back-to-back, and two times back-to-back. In life and everything we have the fire inside, it’s not, we don’t have to ask anything, I just explained the reality that is so comfortable, and opponents don’t wait. "You’re telling me how bad? No, we’re second in the league, so we are not 20 points behind."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here