A woman has claimed "constant" building work next to her block of flats is having a negative impact on residents' physical and mental health, with her disabled daughter so distressed by the noise she is "self-harming". Dreenagh Lyle spent a decade trying to secure her ground-floor accessible home, which she moved into with her daughter in 1993.     There was an immediate positive impact on her daughter's life, and for five years, things were going great. However, that all changed when bulldozers arrived next door to their South Lambeth block.  Dreenagh told MyLondon: "[Before we moved in] my daughter was in a wheelchair and I was carrying her up four flights of stairs, twice a day. "At that time she was morphing into an adolescent. My daughter's profoundly and multiply disabled, when she was a small child I coped because of her size." Living in suitable accommodation enabled Dreenagh to manage her daughter's care even better; the improvements were substantial. The South London mum said: "We spent five years stabilising her and then we spent five years working on introducing meaningful activities into her life. "Everything was going really well and she was managing really well."   She claims all this progress was destroyed when bulldozers arrived from the council's development company, Homes for Lambeth, to demolish the block next door. The sudden overwhelming noises the building site produced had a devastating impact. She added: "All of it was wiped out. A simple way of describing it is that she was functioning at the level of an 18-month-old child and she's regressed to something like a nine-month-old." The sounds and vibrations of the work terrified her daughter, triggering distressing responses. Dreenagh said: "We can't rationalise with her what the noise is, it's disturbing and she responds by hurting herself. "For people who don't have language, their way of responding [can be that] they self-injure, a lot of punching yourself in the face, banging your head on walls, scratching and all that sort of thing." Panic attacks sparked by the sudden loud noises cause Dreenagh's daughter's teeth to chatter like a "wind-up toy", her eyes filled with desperation her mother compares to terrified animals. Doctors have been forced to prescribe anti-anxiety medication to help her cope with the meltdowns which have had a knock-on effect on the other pills she takes. Dreenagh added: "She's on an anti-epileptic drug, we'd managed to get that down low dosage because her seizures had [become so infrequent and] she didn't have a major [one] for 15 years. "After the disruption caused by the building works she had a major seizure, which was really terrifying." Dreenagh and her daughter are not alone in being badly affected by the noise and dust from the construction work. Another neighbour on the block reportedly endured deafening noise from the construction for hours on end. The endless sound put a considerable strain on both her physical and mental health, it is claimed, to the point where fellow residents believe the stroke which caused her death may have been brought on by the constant disturbance. There is currently no formal evidence to support this. "She rang me a number of times every day," Dreenagh continued. "She'd say 'I'm so scared. The noise, the noise when will it stop?" But it did not. The woman ended up dying following the stroke. Multiple neighbours and community activists who spent long periods with her said they are convinced the distress she endured because of the building works was a factor in her stroke. Another neighbour's child has developed asthma which they believe is a result of the dust from the construction and several residents claim they had suffered from breathing difficulties as well as having their homes coated in building materials. Earmarked as one of the flagship projects for Lambeth Council's housing company, the recent completion of the building beside Dreenagh's flat is far from the end of the disruption. That was just the beginning of a three-phase plan to totally rebuild the development. The second stage is scheduled for construction over the next three years, but the final stage does not have any dates attached.  Given the ever-extending deadlines which have occurred on other schemes, like the redevelopment of the Central Hill estate, many of the residents said they were concerned it would be dragged out. Homes for Lambeth now faces an uncertain future after an independent review slammed its performance and recommended it be reintegrated within the council. The ramifications of what this might mean for South Lambeth are at present unclear. But Dreenagh and other residents are concerned of another decade of disruption to their lives. When asked Lambeth about the implications of the findings of the independent review, chaired by Lord Kerslake, it highlighted one of the conclusions which was the development of the three "front-running estates", including South Lambeth, "should move ahead with delivery to provide new, high-quality homes that meet the needs of residents as soon as possible."  Although it also conceded another recommendation was the council and Homes for Lambeth communicate more clearly with residents and make efforts to minimise disruption. Residents claim they are facing similar challenges to those encountered by those at the Central Hill estate in the borough where tenants claim vacant properties have contributed to issues with antisocial behaviour and weakening of a once strong community ethos. Long-time resident Viv Moriaty pointed out the many properties which had been left empty. The majority had their entrances sealed with metal grating to prevent squatters from moving in. There have been longstanding issues with drugs on the estate. It is understood that drug dealers occupied the central square "playing music late into the night" and users continue to "use the bin stores to shoot drugs". One of these at the base of Dreenagh's building has stained cushions that appeared to have been arranged behind large rubbish bins by users. Broken locks on doors have seen people enter the block without permission, some of them smoking drugs in the stairwells and they have got into arguments with residents over this. Responding to the issues raised a council spokesperson said: "We don't underestimate the stress that building work can cause, so we have apologised for any disruption and worked hard to keep residents informed about the progress of the work, and to address any concerns. "We have updated all affected households and the local resident association throughout – and we have held a number of mitigation panels and have listened and taken on board the concerns raised by those residents with extra needs, including re-housing whilst the works take place. "There are monthly evening regeneration drop-in events in the new community centre on the estate, with an open invitation to all residents to come along and speak face-to-face with the officers responsible for the services provided on South Lambeth. "They are well-attended and resident feedback has been positive," they claimed. The local authority also apologised to residents who have been impacted by delays in the housing delivery programme. "While the programme has delivered significant successes, including the brand new council rent homes completed recently for local families on the South Lambeth estate, we recognise the need to make changes," the spokesperson said. Lambeth Council went on to say its action plan in response to the review report says that "we will reset our resident engagement approach by working closely with residents". "We will ensure every step we take is with the interests of Lambeth residents at the front of [our] mind. "We will put in a place a dedicated officer for each estate in the programme to provide a more personal approach. "There will be more joined-up working, including with the repairs and maintenance team, providing a one-stop-shop for residents," they said. As part of this transition, the council concluded, it was committed to having "continued dialogue" with residents to "ensure [our] intentions are clear and their views are sought". Lambeth has promised to set up its approach and commitment on resident engagement by next month. If you are struggling with suicidal thoughts or finding things difficult, you can contact the Samaritans. The Samaritans support people who are experiencing emotional distress. Samaritans: Helpline: 116 123 (free of charge from a landline or mobile) Email jo@samaritans.org www.samaritans.org 