Field Doctor is not a brand I had ever heard of or come across, but I was allowed to try some of their frozen ready meals, and after a quick look around the website, I was eager to taste the products. All the meals made by Field Doctor are “underpinned” by nutritional research - in plain, they’re based on science. Each dish is designed by an in-house dietician, so they are “supercharged” with everything that your body needs to function healthily. The brand also claims to not compromise on taste, with chefs ensuring each meal is created with locally sourced, seasonal produce, in small batches. They arrive frozen and stay frozen. With 4.5 million tonnes of food wasted by UK households each year, Field Doctor chooses to freeze its meals to help “cut down on this food waste”. So what’s not to like? I tried the Lean and Lighter and High Protein bundle - but there are 22 meal bundles to choose from depending on what diet you are on or allergies and intolerances you have; plant-based, low fodmap, menopause, immunity, you name it! READ MORE: Game-changing method to squeeze lemons properly - no seeds fall out Healthy - The Lean and Lighter meals were all under 400 calories, contained less than 40g of carbohydrates, and more than 20g of protein, low in fat, sugar and were a source of fibre. They are brilliant for anyone looking to support their weight loss goals, or as part of a healthy balanced lifestyle. Despite being low in calories the flavours did not disappoint, unlike other low calorie ready meals. The Beef and Lentil Lasagne, for example, had only 325 calories per meal, but three of your five a day, and it was really tasty. The High Protein bundle Quick and convenient - The meals could be taken straight out of the freezer and into a preheated oven and cooked in 45 minutes to an hour. If you need something quicker, simply pop it in the microwave and it’ll be ready in less than 10 minutes. DON'T MISS...Princess Kate’s new £825 gemstone necklace has hidden meaning [PICTURES]92yo shares her favourite beauty product that keeps her looking young [VIDEO]Chinese New Year horoscope reading for the three luckiest zodiacs [INSIGHT] Price - £6.95 might seem expensive for an individual frozen ready meal, but high-quality ingredients are used - for example, the beef is grass-fed, the chicken free-range, and both are British. To add to this, you’re paying for the convenience of having someone else make a really healthy, nutritious meal and all you have to do is take it out of the freezer and put it into the oven. It really is “effortless health”. Delivery - The meals arrived really quickly and were well-packaged to ensure they stayed frozen until I placed them into the freezer. READ MORE: Four methods to stop avocados from going brown Packaging - The design of the cardboard sleeve is beautifully simplistic in mint green, however, when you have several frozen meals all in the same style and colour packaging, it can be hard to differentiate which meal is which. The British Fish Pie looks exactly the same as the Chicken Jalfrezi, which is identical to the Beef and Quinoa Meatballs. The only way to tell the difference is by reading the small white label on the front, and if you’re digging through your freezing trying to find a certain meal, it can be frustrating. The authenticity of flavours - The majority of the meals, tasted exactly how you’d imagine a healthier version to taste. But when eating the Chicken Paella, I wasn’t transported to Spain with the flavours. This meal in particular tasted like chicken, tomato and vegetable rice. The Chicken Jalfrezi wasn’t very hot in terms of spice level, and there could have been extra chilli in the Green Thai Chicken Noodle dish too. Portion size - The images on the website give the impression of a portion that will fill a large plate, but in reality, the amount of food in each meal is on the smaller side, in my opinion. I added extra veg with all of the meals to bulk them out as I felt the portions weren’t satisfying enough on their own for dinner. Yes, I think they’re great! After trying so many different meals, I would probably pick and choose my favourite and order them, rather than a bundle. They’re super convenient, and a guaranteed healthy dinner for when you don’t feel like cooking. Field Doctor bundles start at £41.70 for six meals, and you can upgrade the bundle to serve two people. 