Prince Louis attended his first Christmas Day church service at Sandringham in December, and the young royal stole the show with his “playful” personality. Express.co.uk spoke to a body language expert about the four-year-old’s behaviour and how other family members interacted with him during the walkabout. Judi looked at several photographs from the day and analysed Prince Louis’ body language and behaviour. She said: “While Prince George and Princess Charlotte are rapidly growing into their royal roles, showing regular signs of having been coached for public appearances, Louis is still in the spontaneous and playful stage, happily looking excited by the crowds and all the attention rather than inhibited by it. “William kept George so close to his side that the pair now tend to automatically mirror each other in public. “George has always seemed to adore having his father as his role model and it is especially touching to see how he is even taking over the task of looking after his younger brother, using very similar rituals of caring and protection as William did first to Harry when they were boys and then to George. READ MORE: Prince William and Kate allow Prince George to adopt 'protector role' “George’s eye attention, his body lean and the way he held his right hand out to touch Louis’ back in a gesture of reassurance and encouragement shows how quickly the dynamic of the family is changing with time. “George now tends to walk without holding his father’s hand but Kate still uses a very firm-looking hand clasp to keep the playful Louis in check here,” the expert added. “But it was Christmas day and it is also vital that none of the three children grows up dreading royal events and feeling stifled or over-wary of them. “All three are now looking comfortable with the obligatory handshaking and both George and Charlotte seem reasonably confident waving or chatting to the crowds, while for Louis there is still scope for grinning at the cameras and running around having fun. DON'T MISS...Luckiest animals in the Year of the Rabbit 2023 [HOROSCOPE]Five food storage ideas to stop cheese from going mouldy [GUIDE]Beauty expert’s 5-step routine to reverse ‘sagging jawline & jowls’ [EXCLUSIVE] “Louis has a huge advantage when it comes to being allowed to run off freely as he does when he dashes to give his sister flowers. “As the youngest sibling he has two parents and an older brother and sister to allow his parameters to stretch quite wide. “Running off alone like this could present a nightmare for Kate but he is running towards Charlotte and George and both are old enough to keep an eye on him,” Judi added. “This means Louis probably has an even greater sense of perceived freedom at public events than George or Charlotte enjoyed. READ MORE: Kate shows how curtsy is 'really done' after Meghan's 'comedy bowing' “He has four nurturing figures to run between safely and to make sure he feels happy and confident. “As he ran with the flowers he seemed almost oblivious to his audience. When they let out a communal ‘ah!’ he turns his head in what looks like a surprise at the response.” Prince Louis was not the only young royal to attend the church service and walkabout, Christopher ‘Wolfie’ Woolf also attended, he is the son of Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi and stepson of Princess Beatrice. Zara and Mike Tindall also brought their daughters Mia and Lena along with them. Zara’s brother, Peter Phillip also made an appearance with his two daughters; Savannah and Isla. All the royals were led by King Charles and Queen Consort Camilla. Princess Anne, however, was notably absent from the church service, it was understood the Princess Royal had a cold. Her husband, Sir Timothy Laurence did attend.