Cristiano Ronaldo is in line to make his Al-Nassr debut against long-standing rival Lionel Messi. Paris Saint-Germain are due to take a trip to Saudi Arabia later this month and Ronaldo is currently unable to play while serving a two-match ban for an incident that occurred during his recent spell at Manchester United. Ronaldo was unveiled in Saudi Arabia this week and given a rapturous reception after accepting a lucrative contract that makes him the highest-paid footballer of all time and the highest-profile signing to ever head to the Middle East. Having asked to leave United last summer, it was thought that the Portuguese wanted a new challenge at a Champions League club but a procession of top sides distanced themselves from a deal. A public falling-out with Erik ten Hag saw Ronaldo's contract mutually terminated on the eve of the World Cup. After weeks of rumours, Ronaldo's move to Al-Nassr was confirmed on Friday but supporters won't get to see him in action until he serves a two-match ban. JUST IN: Man Utd reopen Joao Felix talks, Chelsea's Fernandez delay, Mudryk bid The 37-year-old was punished by the FA after he left Old Trafford for slapping a phone out of a young Everton fan's hand at Goodison Park nine months ago. As per FIFA regulations, the ban was passed over onto his new club following his departure from Man Utd. Ronaldo's ban leaves him unable to feature in upcoming matches against Al Ta'ee and Al Shabab. Shortly afterwards on January 19, a Saudi All-Star XI is due to take on Paris Saint-Germain in the Riyadh Season Cup which could bring the long-term foes face-to-face. DON'T MISS... Four Chelsea stars who could see Blues career ended by Enzo Fernandez Arsenal and Liverpool transfer target Rabiot 'receives massive offer Liverpool 'target' Kim Min-jae to give Van Dijk new partner in crime With Messi claiming seven Ballon d'Ors during his own illustrious career and Ronaldo on five, the duo are hailed as two of the best footballers of all time. Messi could even add to that total later this year after his heroic performances at the World Cup in Qatar, during which he fired Argentina to glory. Ronaldo will naturally want to get one up on the PSG ace if they face off later this month but Messi is in imperious form this season, notching seven goals and 10 assists in just 13 Ligue 1 games. By contrast, Ronaldo had been limited to just four Premier League starts while at Man Utd, notching one league goal during his fall-out with Ten Hag. "I gave my word for [Al-Nassr]," explained Ronaldo during his unveiling this week. "I won everything, I played for the most important clubs in Europe and now it is a new challenge in Asia." "As nobody knows, I can say now I had many opportunities in Europe, many clubs in Brazil, Australia, the US, even in Portugal, many clubs tried to sign me. I know the league is very competitive, I saw many games. I hope to play after [Wednesday] if the coach thinks there's a chance. I'm ready to keep playing football."