On Monday BBC viewers tuned in to watch the return of the long-running medical drama Silent Witness. Although the story focused on the Lyell team being drawn into the criminal underworld, it seemed as though Jack (played by David Caves) stole the show. From the off-set of the first episode, viewers were thrown into the investigation surrounding the death of a man who had fallen from a high-rise building. Attending the scene of the crime, Jack Hodgson retraced the last movements of the victim through his office as he believed there was foul play at hand. With Nikki (Emilia Fox) on the roof examining the body, Jack relayed what he thought had happened to the man suggesting he could have been chased to the top of the building. However, it seemed viewers were distracted by the actor’s new physique as many fans commented on his appearance. READ MORE:EastEnders fans 'work out' father of Lily Slater's baby in DNA twist  It wasn’t long before people watching took to social media to share their thoughts on Jack’s buff new look. EdwardJacksn said: “Jack's got beefed up and has the stand ability Moody Blues #SilentWitness." Maggiecooper12 added: “Jack has been bulking up for #SilentWitness." Orangina17 commented: “Mean and moody buffed up Jack chasing a city slicker #hello2023[sic] #silentwitness." Zoe_holborn tweeted: “Jack Hodgson be still my beating heart #SilentWitness." Monicaxchandler said: “Just here to say I love Jack Hodgson x #SilentWitness." With keepuphodgson commenting: “jack in this long coat is something else holy s**t #silentwitness." Elsewhere in the episode, it was discovered the team were delving into the world of the notorious mafia group, the Ndrangheta. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street’s Daisy Midgeley to 'cheat' on fiance Daniel [SOAP] Silent Witness newcomer Velvy ‘nursing neck injury’ on first day [INSIGHT] Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again [ROYAL]  However, the further into the investigation they were going the deeper Nikki unknowingly found herself getting embroiled in their web. Along with fan favourites Nikki and Jack returning, there were also two new additions to the cast for the show’s 26th series. Gabriel Folukoya (Aki Omoshaybi) and Velvy Schur (Alastair Michael) made their debuts on Monday night’s episode with many fans enjoying the latest cast members. Although Velvy, an Anatomical Pathology Technologist trainee, seemed to ruffle Jack’s feathers with his eagerness to please as the newest team member.  With the second half of the show airing on Tuesday 3 January, a synopsis of the next episode tease what’s ahead for viewers. It reads: “Nikki becomes more involved with the `Ndrangheta" and Jack discovers some disturbing leads. “An unlikely alliance brings them closer to the truth but not without some collateral damage.” Episode three will then air next Monday at the same time with the second part continuing the following day.