Starz’s hit drama BMF will return to screens for season two on Friday following a successful first season. Ahead of the premiere, Lucille Flenory star Micole Brianna White spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and revealed what was in store for her character.  BMF tells the real-life story of brothers Demetrious ‘Meech’ and Terry Flenory as they become powerful figures in Detriot through their drug and money laundering operation. The show transported fans to the '80s as it explored how the brothers grew fed up with poverty and yeared for the fast life. Although the drug business came with risks, the dangers eventually hit home and affected their family dynamics. When their parents learned the truth, their father Charles Flenory (Russell Hornsby) kicked Meech (Meech Flenory Jr) out of the home for influencing Terry (Da’Vinchi Juste). READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau's Dick Strawbridge tells wife 'to go'  This sparked major issues within his marriage with Lucille as she disagreed with his decision and wanted Meech to move back home. As a result of Meech’s dealings, his younger daughter, Nicole (Laila Pruitt) narrowly escaped abduction and witnessed the murder of her friend Darius (Raymond Seay) at the hands of Lamar (Eric Kofi-Abrefa). This further motivated Charles' decision to keep Meech away from the family home and eventually, Terry also decided to leave the life of crime behind him. However, Charles’ choice could spark a bigger rift between the couple and lead to a devastating breakup.   Speaking on season two, actress Micole disclosed: “I think that they miss each other a lot and they both are in need of a lot of things and are in need of being seen. “I think that things are too difficult right now to be able to see clearly and Lucille is working like crazy trying to manage and keep things together." She continued: “Working at Wendy's and although Lucille finds joy and pride in everything she does, it's still hard to kind of make ends meet by doing all that so she's exhausted. DON'T MISS...It’s a dog’s life training pooches after lockdown [INSIGHT]BMF: Eric Kofi-Abrefa confirms Lamar’s fate in season two [INSIGHT]BMF’s Lamar star talked to Big Meech to get into character [INSIGHT]   “She's really exhausted and does not feel seen or necessarily appreciated sometimes and so I think, finances and struggling to keep a roof over your head, and just to breathe sometimes and you miss a lot of things,” Micole explained. “So, it's brought about a lot of challenge changes all.” Although Meech was on his way to becoming a millionaire, Charles refused to have any of his drug money whenever he offered to help. The couple began feeling pressure from their community after Lamar decided to hit back at Meech but instead killed Darius.    After the family attended the youngster’s funeral, Lucille and Charles were confronted by Darius’ grief-stricken mother demanding answers. However, much to Charles’ anger Nicole lied to the police to protect her brother, when they asked for a motive. Lucille was also concerned Lamar would come after them if she told too much, so Nicole maintained her lie. Fans will have to tune in to see if Charles’ fury will turn to Lucille and spark a breakup.  BMF season two premieres on Friday, January 6 on Starz in the US and on LIONSGATE+ in the UK. 