Arsenal and Manchester United have been warned that bringing Khvicha Kvaratskhelia and Victor Osimhen to their respective clubs would cost a combined £250million, in a blow to their potential transfer plans. The Gunners are hoping to land a Plan B after their pursuit of Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk was gazumped by Chelsea, while Erik ten Hag’s outfit may be targeting a striker in the summer window. Napoli duo Kvaratskhelia and Osimhen have been in stunning form this season, firing their side to the top of Serie A and have a nine-point gap over second-placed AC Milan. Both players have been linked with a move away from Naples, however, as top clubs across Europe have been made aware of their talents this campaign. Arsenal moving for Kvaratskhelia, who is on their shortlist of Mudryk alternatives, and Osimhen going to Old Trafford could fix a lot of issues for both English sides, though they have been warned that the Serie A duo would cost a combined fee of £250million. Former Liverpool midfielder Don Hutchinson mocked Chelsea for their £88m deal for Mudryk and claimed that Napoli could fetch £125m each for their two star men. He wrote on Twitter: “Napoli fans watching Mudryk go for a 100million to Chelsea when they have two players in Kvara and Osimen who between them must be worth 250 million…” Hutchinson has previously warned United that they may even face paying up to £150m for the Nigerian striker, after his 12 goals in 14 league games this season. “I promise Man United fans that this is not a dig, but on the night that he [Osimhen] scores two and the night that he tore Juve defenders to shreds, Man United spent £2.7million on Wout Weghorst,” Hutchinson told ESPN. “That tells you where United are at. That’s the sort of player that if they are serious, if they want to win the league again, that’s the sort of player they should be spending £150m on. He’s a world-beater. "No [they wouldn’t sign him in January] because they haven’t got the money, they are £1b in debt and Napoli wouldn’t let him go, but maybe in the summer. If Napoli win the league he could stay there. "The lad is world-class. He plays the game like no other centre-forward. Why are Man United not signing him? Why are Liverpool not signing him and signing Darwin Nunez? He is the best number nine in world football.” United loaned striker Wout Weghorst from Burnley in January to fill the void left by Cristiano Ronaldo after his Old Trafford contract was terminated, but the Netherlands forward may be viewed as a stop-gap signing at 30, with the view to a long-term striker moving to the club in the summer in the form of Osimhen.