King Charles is poised to steer clear from "bitter battle" with his son after Prince Harry made a series of damaging allegations against the royal household, royal expert Tom Bower has revealed. The Royal Family has remained silent on the issue since the release of 'Spare' on January 10. Amid speculation about his retaliation strategy, the King has offered his first hints about how he would respond, Mr Bower said. Writing for the Daily Mail, Tom Bower said King Charles reportedly caught many guests off guard during a recent private dinner at Clarence House where he expressed his "obvious reluctance" to tackle his son’s disloyalty. Instead of confronting Harry, the monarch will "shy away from a bitter battle", King Charles told his guest, Mr Bower reported. While royal sources suggested the Royal Family was "angry" and "hurt" by Harry’s damning revelations, King Charles might never respond to the accusations. Mr Bower explained: "Such a suggestion must have truly shocked Britain’s monarchists, a constituency that makes up the vast majority of King Charles’ subjects." READ MORE: Meghan ‘could be writing own book’ as ‘other dramas’ may yet come He added: "The very idea that he might succumb to pressure from his younger son shows that Buckingham Palace’s officials fear they are losing control of the narrative." The suggestion that King Charles might never retaliate followed similar reports by royal commentators who claimed the monarch will likely follow that course of action. Body language expert Judi James told The Mirror it would be "business as usual" for King Charles whose "four-move signal" during his visit to the Mid-Deeside Community Shed, near Aboyne in Aberdeenshire, is proof the monarch will stay away from retaliating. Ms James said: "First there is his smile. This grin goes way beyond social etiquette. His face is wreathed in the smile with the upper cheek raised and rounded at cheekbone level."  "His whole face is reddened and wrinkled by the smile and it bares his teeth while forming an angular shape of the lower lip as well as narrowing his eyes into an eye smile. There is little of the kind of overkill tension here that would create a rictus effect, meaning he looks genuinely jolly." Other signals, she says, include his "playful mood" and "humour" as well as his "slap on his thigh" as he was joking with representatives of organisations working in community groups across the region. "His last signal of upbeat resilience is his desire to linger. He sees the camera but there is no scuttling inside, instead he chats longer with the fans." King Charles was targeted in the book, Harry wrote, as he begged his warring son to stop fighting over Meghan after the Windsor Castle funeral of Prince Phillip, the queen’s husband, in April 2021. DON'T MISS:Harry given a roadmap to 'restore his reputation' after memoir [REPORT] Meghan blasted for her 'uncharacteristic' no-show since Spare release [REPORT] Prince William 'has come to terms he's lost Prince Harry' [REPORT] "Please, boys," Harry quotes his father as saying. "Don’t make my final years a misery." Prince Harry is believed to have avoided deepening tensions with the Royal Family by revealing the original draft of his memoir was 800 pages long and included sensitive details about interactions mainly with his brother Prince William and his father King Charles that he later cut out. In an interview with The Telegraph, he said: "There are some things that have happened, especially between me and my brother, and to some extent between me and my father, that I just don’t want the world to know. Because I don’t think they would ever forgive me." The Duke of Sussex is poised to publish three other books as part of his multi-million four-book deal with Penguin Random House. Release dates have not been revealed yet. READ NEXT:Meghan's gesture 'totally goes against what she's saying' says expertHarry and Meghan accused of plan to be in 'Hollywood super-rich elite'Meghan remains ‘world's favourite’ royal bride despite Harry's bookMeghan felt she was 'finally free' during final days as royal Sorry Carol, but I am not a climate change denier