Burnt-on grease can accumulate on oven dishes and can be tricky to remove. The best way to remove grease stains and excess carbon clinging to the surface of the oven dish will depend on how long it’s been there. The grease stains and food debris will also likely be leaving an unpleasant scent in your oven each time you cook with them. With this mind, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their go-to hack for removing grease from oven dishes. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. On one such group, Facebook user Claire Good posted: “What's the best way to clean these?” Claire shared a photo of a glass oven dish which was covered in grease marks. READ MORE: Four ‘top kitchen updates’ to ‘hasten’ house sales - and what to avoid The post was inundated with more than 300 comments from fellow Mrs Hinch fans with the most popular suggestion being to use a scourer or a Brillo pad. Jane Potter commented: “A metal scourer usually does the trick.” La Donna Carter Walsingham replied: “Brillo pads and very hot water.” Mary Moore agreed: “Either steel wool or a Brillo pad.” Cynthia Murphy said: “Stainless steel scourer, with Cif, if really stubborn.” Susan Hodgkins wrote: “Brillo pad will get it off easily.” DON'T MISSFive orchid mistakes you should avoid making [INSIGHT]4 safe and effective methods to stop foxes visiting your garden [UPDATE]Four houseplants which ‘reduce dust’ from your home [ANALYSIS] Joanna Gibson posted: “Hot soapy water and a stainless steel scourer and scrub it, it will come up like new, trust me.” Linda Madden commented: “Soak in really hot soapy water then use Cif and a wire scourer.” Ally Sillett replied: “I found the best way to clean this is with a wire scourer and the Pink Stuff. I then put [it] in the dishwasher afterwards.” Stainless steel scourers and Brillo pads can be found in most supermarkets or online if you don’t own one already. Sainsbury's Stainless Steel Scourers cost £1.40 for three while Spontex Essentials Stainless Steel Scourers cost £1.20 for four from Ocado, working out at 30p per scourer. READ MORE: I removed stubborn stains from my hob using £1 spray without scrubbing Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea  Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using washing-up liquid, oven cleaner, Pink Stuff paste, bicarbonate of soda, tin foil, dishwasher tablets and Oven Pride. Chris Dooney said: “Soak with a dishwasher tablet overnight wash with washing up liquid and rinse well the next day, it worked for me.” Lynn Henderson Callaway commented: “Fairy Platinum has always worked for me.” Josie Oseland replied: “I always soak them in oven cleaner.” Katie Curtin suggested using “Pink Stuff paste” while Wendy Jones said to soak the dishes in “baking soda and washing up liquid”. Randy Brandy wrote: “I scrub mine using washing up liquid Wash it properly after every use….. it still looks great!” Sita Davi posted on the Facebook group: “Scrunched up baking foil and washing up liquid.” Wendy Ashton replied: “Soak in boiling water and washing soda. It’s brilliant for anything greasy, even baked on hard.” Barbara Rusling said: “Oven Pride. The bags you put the racks in. Do them one night then put the dish in the bag for the next night…works great.”