The Princess of Wales opened up on her fitness schedule during a reception she hosted at Hampton Court Palace. As a rugby fan and patron of the Rugby Football Union and Rugby Football League, Kate hosted the English team to celebrate their victory at the 2021 Wheelchair Rugby League World Cup - which, due to COVID-19, took place last November. Speaking to players, the Princess of Wales revealed she "squeezes in" exercise whenever she can, despite her busy private and public schedule. Asked by one of the members of the England wheelchair rugby league team whether she goes to the gym, the royal said: "It’s running around after the children, I do it all. "Whenever I can squeeze in exercise I do, even jumping on the trampoline with my children before school." Providing a glimpse into her family life with Prince William and their three children, Kate added: "We’re always slightly competitive with each other. They all love sport and Louis is mad about rugby. They are at an age where they just love running around." Kate doubled down when she was invited by one squad member to play with them in a wheelchair. The royal quipped: "There’s no excuse now… I’m going to have to do some upper-body strength." She added: "I’m really proud and really grateful we got this opportunity and best of luck for the training and the season." Speaking to the champions, Kate said she and her family watched their team triumph against the French team in the final held in November. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan's 'unwise' decision could 'ruin' King's Coronation Praising the players, Kate also said the final "really raised the profile" of wheelchair rugby, adding it "highlighted the power of the sport". The royal's visit was welcomed by players, with one member of the squad, James Simpson, saying following the engagement: "Having the princess watching the games and congratulating us and wanting to meet us is incredible." Tom Coyd, the team's head coach, said: "Her Royal Highness is just so engaging. It’s probably the most privileged we have felt since winning the World Cup… that was the icing on the cake. "She said she knew loads about the sport already and was talking about how exciting it was, how it’s really fierce in terms of collisions." Kate became patron of the Rugby Football Union and Rugby Football League in February 2022, one year after Prince Harry returned them to the late Queen alongside his other military and royal patronages after confirming he would not resume his senior royal role within the Firm. The Princess marked the new appointment by heading to Twickenham Stadium for a special training session with the male and female England squads. The passion for rugby runs deep in Kate's family, who is believed to have grown up watching matches with the Middletons. William, who is patron of the Welsh Rugby Union, is also known to love the sports - as are Prince George, who played it at Thomas's Battersea School, and Prince Louis. Speaking about her younger son playing the sport, the Princess said last year: "They're all enjoying it. Louis is kamikaze, we're worrying about when he gets older, he'll be in the middle of everything."