Lee Peacock, 50, has been convicted of murdering his girlfriend and a man by a jury at the Old Bailey. He committed the crime just weeks after being released from prison.   Jurors heard that Peacock set out to punish his partner Sharon Pickles, 46, and Clinton Ashmore, 59, during a two-day violent spree through Westminster in August 2021. Police tracked him down to a houseboat on the Grand Union Canal after a five-day manhunt. The self-confessed thief turned a 4cm-long knife on himself as officers approached.  Peacock admitted to the killings, but claimed extenuating circumstances and denied it was murder.   Peacock, who was released from prison on June 4, 2021, claimed his girlfriend's death had been a "pure accident". He also claimed Mr Ashmore went berserk and punched him in the head after Peacock confessed to Ms Pickles' killing. It took the jury just two hours and 20 minutes to reach a guilty verdict after retiring on Tuesday (January 31). As the verdicts were read out, five family members of the victims celebrated and cried. Peacock showed no emotion. READ ABOUT FIVE MORE BREXIT BATTLES YET TO BE FOUGHT   Ms Pickles' father said he had been "left numb" by her killing, which came two years after the death of his wife in 2019. In an impact statement, he said: "It left me numb. I have found it impossible to celebrate birthdays or even Christmas because my daughter wasn't at rest and had no peace. "It doesn't feel real that Sharon is gone. I miss her more than words can describe." Her brother Robert Pickles said: "When details started emerging about Sharon's death I couldn't comprehend what had happened. The last 17 months have taken a toll mentally and psychically. The hardest part was listening to someone trying to excuse and justify their actions."  DON'T MISS: Missing Nicola Bulley was on phone to work when she disappeared [REVEALED] Emergency medical responders sacked over Tyre Nichols death [LATEST] Kamala Harris fails to win VP endorsement from Elizabeth Warren [LATEST]   During the trial, prosecutor Edward Brown KC described Peacock's actions as "cold-blooded" and "determined". Peacock's father alerted police that his son had visited him and confessed to being a killer on the evening of August 19, 2021. Jurors heard he turned up at the property with Ms Pickles's kitten in his rucksack. Officers went to Ms Pickles's home in Marylebone and found her body wrapped up and hidden under a bed, with a signed confession nearby.  In the note, Peacock wrote that Ms Pickles was "meant to live" and he had sworn "revenge" against those who took advantage while he was in jail. Jurors viewed CCTV images of the last sighting of Ms Pickles outside her flat as well as footage of Peacock coming and going on a bicycle. Later on August 19, the defendant was captured on CCTV walking with Mr Ashmore towards his Westminster flat before leaving alone after 15 minutes. Two hours later, Mr Ashmore was discovered dead by friends, having suffered multiple cutting injuries. Both victims died from similar knife wounds to the neck.  The injury to Ms Pickles suggested the 4cm knife had been plunged in to the hilt. Mr Ashmore suffered nine knife wounds. Peacock and the kitten were eventually located on August 25 on the houseboat moored in central London. More notes confessing to the murders and explaining the reasons for them were found in his pocket and the clothes he was wearing were seized. After being treated in hospital, Peacock gave a "chilling" account, saying he had used the same knife in both killings and the attempt on his own life.  He said he had argued with Ms Pickles about her seeing someone while he was in prison, adding he lashed out with the knife after Ms Pickles laughed at his plan to kill whoever she had been with. He also wanted to kill others who were exploiting Ms Pickles, he said. Giving evidence in his trial, Peacock insisted he was "not a monster" and never intended to harm either of his victims. But Mr Brown told him: "You committed two terrible murders with your warped and angry mind, that's the reality and you confessed to two terrible murders, didn't you? "You were determined to punish Sharon Pickles and you were determined to punish Clinton Ashmore." Mr Justice Murray adjourned sentencing until Wednesday morning. 