Jose Mourinho could be set to land Pep Guardiola's dream job by taking his first international role in charge of Brazil in the not-too-distant future, according to one of his former players. The five-time world champions are currently on the lookout for a new permanent boss following the departure of Tite, who left his post in the aftermath of the team's World Cup elimination at the hands of Croatia. Mourinho has been tentatively linked with a step into international management over the last few months, with the 59-year-old initially having been mentioned in connection with the Portugal job after Fernando Santos' dismissal last month. However, it seems as though he could soon be given the opportunity to swap Roma for Brazil if the Selecao decide to pursue his signature over the coming weeks.Carlos Alberto, who played under Mourinho during the latter's time in charge of Porto, has claimed in an interview with Mundo Deportivo that the Roma manager has already been lined up for the role and is considering the makeup of his backroom staff. Carlos Alberto said: "I say it directly: maybe Mourinho will be the new coach of the Brazilian team. He recently suggested that I be his assistant."It remains to be seen whether Mourinho will eventually choose to jump ship from Roma to Brazil, with his current deal in Italy set to run until the summer of 2026 as things stand. The offer of managing the world's most successful nation could prove too tempting to turn down, although Roma would likely demand a lucrative compensatory package in order to release Mourinho from the remaining years of his contract. JUST IN: Man Utd hero Rio Ferdinand has Harry Maguire suspicion about Ten Hag A move to Brazil for Mourinho could potentially be a source of jealousy for historic rival Guardiola, who reportedly 'dreams' of leading the team from the dugout at some point before the end of his managerial career. He has previously been offered the job but the move has never materialised, with Brazil FA vice-president Francisco Novelletto Neto insisting last year that money was the main obstacle that prevented him from joining back in 2019."About three years ago, we came into contact with Guardiola, we spoke to his agent," Neto told Radio Grenal. "He said he would accept coaching the Brazilian national team. However, his salary is €24m [£21.2m]. "A colleague of mine who sought the information almost had a heart attack. We suggested a basic salary of €2m [£1.7m]. He suggested €24m, not counting all the 'plus more', because he would have to leave his country to come to Brazil and could ask for up to €30m."Meanwhile, Guardiola himself admitted back in April that he would like to manage an international side when he eventually leaves Manchester City, telling reporters: "One day, yes. I thought when I leave Manchester City [I would like] to lead a national team, but I would not like to choose it immediately."I’ll need to stop, rest for a while. Play a World Cup, a Euro, a Copa America, although it will not happen. It’s an event with the capacity to train a team in a short time to the capacity that there are a thousand things to do in just two sessions. I would like to live the experience of the World Cup." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.