Victoria Aitken, née Lockwood, married Earl Charles Spencer in 1989, the younger brother of the late Princess Diana. For her wedding dress, she wore a phenomenal Tomasz Starzewski creation. Society couturier Tomasz Starzewski created Victoria's dress, which was Medieval-inspired and featured a fur trim and drop waist. The dress later inspired her daughter Lady Kitty Spencer when she married South African millionaire, Michael Lewis, in 2021. The most obvious similarities between Lady Kitty and her mother's dresses are the button-down fronts, as well as the high neckline and puff sleeves. Kitty wore a READ MORE: Beatrice & Eugenie usually have a ski holiday - inside dad's chalet Victoria, like her daughter, was a model and had known the Polish designer for several years before asking him to design the dress just eight weeks before her wedding. Mr Starzewski said that she knew exactly what she wanted, coming to him with the design. It was considered the career-making gown for the designer, whose star rose after the wedding, yet it received mixed reviews in the fashion press. Unlike the other Spencer brides, Lady Kitty decided not to wear the family heirloom, the Spencer Tiara, for her wedding day.   It was last seen on her cousin, Lady Celia McCorquodale, for her nuptials to George Woodhouse in 2018. Victoria wore the Spencer heirloom on her big day, just like Princess Diana wore it to marry then-Prince Charles in 1981.  It was reported at the time that at the last minute, Victoria changed her hairdo. She originally had it up but decided on having it down for her nuptials to Charles Spencer. READ MORE: Princess Anne's engagement ring 'protects against negative energies' Varuna D Jani, an award-winning jewellery designer and founder of Ruani, India's favourite jewellery collective, based in Mumbai, India, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain why Kitty did not wear the Spencer heirloom, but her mother did. She said: "Why didn't Lady Kitty Spencer wear the Spencer Tiara, despite being Princess Diana's niece, and her father reportedly owning the tiara? "Lady Kitty Spencer represents the modern-day woman. She acknowledges her lineage, yet at the same time asserts her individuality. "Perhaps, it is for this reason that she chose not to wear the iconic 'Spencer tiara'.  "While the tiara is undoubtedly gorgeous, it showcases the art-deco style that would not have complemented the dress that Lady Kitty Spencer wore for her wedding ceremony. "Moreover, the Spencer tiara, designed in the garland style, with a central heart flanked by scrolls interspersed with flowers, is delicate, while Lady Kitty Spencer's personality is known to be bold and assertive. "Accessories - particularly for one's wedding day - need to complement the dress and the personality. "The modern woman - such as Lady Kitty Spencer - knows that her clothes and adornments, need to reflect who she really is." 