Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has made a new striker his main priority for the summer transfer window, according to reports. The Red Devils bolstered their attack by bringing in Wout Weghorst this winter. However, they’re still expected to strengthen their attacking options regardless of how the 30-year-old fares at Old Trafford. Manchester United have signed eight players since Ten Hag took charge back in the summer. Yet the Dutchman wants more backing at the end of the season, having quickly transformed the Red Devils ever since his appointment. According to the Manchester Evening News, Ten Hag has made a striker his main priority for the upcoming summer transfer window. No names are mentioned by the publication, but the Red Devils intend on landing an upgrade on Weghorst regardless of how the 30-year-old fares. Tottenham striker Harry Kane is one option, despite suggestions Spurs are confident of keeping hold of their talisman. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Napoli’s Victor Osimhen is another, with the Nigeria international taking Serie A by storm this term. And United remain admirers of Benjamin Sesko, despite the forward agreeing to join RB Leipzig from Red Bull Salzburg at the end of the season. It’s also claimed an exodus is likely to take place this summer, too. United have been drawing up a list of players they’re ready to sell, with Ten Hag also eyeing a younger midfielder at the end of the campaign. The Red Devils could reignite interest in Frenkie de Jong, despite their failure to land the Barcelona star last year. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see And Jude Bellingham is another player on their radar, even though the Borussia Dortmund star turned down a move to the club back in 2020. When it comes to players who could leave United, Harry Maguire will potentially be on the list. The England international has fallen down Ten Hag’s pecking order this term, with the likes of Lisandro Martinez, Raphael Varane and even Luke Shaw ahead of him. And former United star Rio Ferdinand recently urged Maguire to leave, saying: “If you’re him you have to leave now. “Luke Shaw’s playing centre-back instead of him. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “That’s like me going back after the World Cup, playing well, everyone saying he’s done really well, and Patrice Evra is playing centre-back. “I’d want to strangle Patrice! I would’ve smashed Patrice in training to make sure he’s not available, and I’d be going to the manager and saying, ‘are you taking the p*** out of me, boss?’. “I’d have walked straight into the manager’s office and said, ‘you’re disrespecting me’. “Harry Maguire’s got to move. I think he stays because of the games and they can’t get someone else in. He plays in the cup games.” Maguire himself, however, recently vowed to fight for his place at the club. "I’m a player, 29-years-old, and I haven’t really been in this position in my career so it’s a position that I don’t want to get used to, but it’s part of the parcel of football,” he said. “I’m working hard everyday, I’m pushing, I’m training well, and when my chance comes I need to take it. "We know at this club we need competition for places, we have some top centre-backs at this club so I think we’re all good from now until the end of the season." He added: "I feel like I’ve looked after myself - I think it’s two-and-a-half weeks since my last start - so I’ve been working hard in training. "The lads who’ve been playing have been doing well so when I get the opportunity I need to take it and make sure we win. It was nice to be out there helping the lads and I’m ready when my chance comes."