The 67-year-old star was nominated for best actor in a drama series at the awards ceremony, shared a Twitter video and explained that he and his wife Christine Baumgartner would be absent from the show. The Yellowstone actor spoke on the flooding from ongoing rainstorms in Los Angeles County that had forced celebrities in the area to flee their homes. "Hi everyone. Look, I'm so sorry for everyone who might have been tuning in to watch the Golden Globes — Chris and I aren't going to be there," Kevin said. The video was posted shortly on Instagram before the Golden Globes aired. "Yesterday we had to pull the kids out of school in Santa Barbara," the actor continued. "This is the second time in five years that the freeway has flooded out, we found ourselves on the wrong side of the town and we couldn't get back last night." READ MORE: Prince Harry wore Tom Hardy's Mad Max costume for incognito night out "Nobody's sadder than us that we can't be there at the Golden Globes," Kevin added. "Chris had a beautiful dress, I was looking forward to walking down the red carpet with her." Kevin went on: "I'm just so sorry that I can't be there. "I really wanted to, I know how badly Chris wanted to support me. "She went out and bought me some gold, yellow, black and silver balloons so we're going to sit at the television and see what happens." "Thank you for your support," he concluded. "I'm really sorry to the Golden Globes and the international press and I hope we're invited back. Thanks." Over the past 48 hours, southern California has been battered by powerful rainstorms that caused heavy flooding in some areas. DONT MISS:Stacey Solomon 'tears up' as Loose Women star shares family snap (PHOTOS)Boy George urges Charles to 'step in' after Prince Harry interview (NEWS)Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy looks grown up as she turns 11 (LATEST) The coastal community of Montecito in Santa Barbara County, home to celebrities including Prince Harry, Ellen DeGeneres and Oprah Winfrey, was ordered to evacuate on Monday. Kevin, who plays family patriarch John Dutton in the hit Paramount+ series, beat out Jeff Bridges (The Old Man), Diego Luna (Andor), Bob Odenkirk (Better Call Saul) and Adam Scott (Severance) for the Best Actor award. It was the only category for which Yellowstone received a nomination and also the show's first Golden Globe nod after five seasons since beginning its run in 2018. Kevin has been nominated for seven Golden Globes over his decades-long career.  The California native's Yellowstone co-stars Cole Hauser and Mo Brings Plenty represented the show as presenters at the 2023 ceremony. Cole announced that he would be taking the Golden Globes stage with his castmates in an Instagram post that he shared on Monday.