Not all transfers are sealed amicably as with the vast amounts of money involved in the game, there can be many conflicting wants and needs from all parties involved. Players have occasionally been headstrong over a move to another club, and gone to certain lengths to force a move. Wout Weghorst is hoping to land a move to Manchester United, having waved goodbye to Besiktas fans after scoring against Kasimpasa, and The Times report that he has pleaded with the Turkish club to cancel his loan deal and allow him to complete a dream move to Old Trafford. Hopefully, Weghorst will not have to act drastically in order to get his move, but Express Sport has looked at six players who left their club on poor terms to secure a transfer. After spending three years at Arsenal, Emmanuel Adebayor left for newly-rich Manchester City in 2009 for a fee in the region of £25million. The Togo striker had clashed with Gunners boss Arsene Wenger in a meeting as the Frenchman said that his future did not belong in north London, but Adebayor made sure to get his revenge on his former side when they met for the first time since his exit. Facing Arsenal for the first time, Adebayor scored in a 4-2 win and infamously ran the entire length of the pitch to celebrate in front of the Gunners fans, which saw several items thrown from the crowd at the striker. He was also accused by Robin Van Persie of deliberately kicking him in the face, in a feisty return from the striker. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Diego Costa has gone down as a Chelsea favourite for his displays under Jose Mourinho, while he spearheaded the Blues to Premier League titles in both the 2014/15 and 2016/17 seasons. The Spaniard had scored 52 league goals in three seasons, but Antonio Conte felt that he preferred another striker, as Alvaro Morata was then brought to the club. Costa’s exit was not handled well, however, as Conte told him that he was not part of the Italian’s plans for the coming season via text message and that he was free to move to another team. Costa turned down opportunities and was adamant that he would only return to his former club, Atletico Madrid, and after a legal dispute he claimed that the club treated him like a “criminal” before finally sealing a move back to Diego Simeone’s side. Sol Campbell is one of the few players to cross the north London line between Tottenham and Arsenal, as he joined the Gunners on a free transfer in 2001. He had spent several years at White Hart Lane, before running down his contract and turning down a deal at Spurs that would have made him their highest-ever paid player. Campbell went back on his word that he would never play for Arsenal, prompting abusive messages and chants from the Spurs fans as he was labelled “Judas” before going on to win two league titles, one as an invincible, and three FA Cups.  Campbell’s betrayal at Spurs was not as severe as Luis Figo swapping Barcelona for Real Madrid in July 2000, however, as Los Blancos met the release clause in the Portuguese star’s contract and signalled the start of the Galactico era at the club as Figo joined for a world-record fee. During Figo’s first El Clasico back at the Nou Camp, he was met with jeers and banners around the ground with “Traitor” and “Judas” written on them, and missiles were fired at him from the crowd. Michel Salgado used to offer him a short corner option, but told the Portugal man that he would not be doing so in that particular game as he claimed that knives and glass bottles were being thrown and he did not want to get hurt. William Gallas moved from Chelsea to Arsenal as part of a controversial deal that saw Ashley Cole go in the other direction, as the England left-back was shocked at the dismal contract offer the Gunners sent him and demanded to move. Gallas wanted to leave Stamford Bridge for Serie A, and refused to turn up to training when a move was not completed. Upon his arrival at Arsenal, Chelsea released a statement claiming that he threatened to deliberately score own goals if he was not allowed to leave the club. After a successful spell at Manchester United, Carlos Tevez did the unthinkable and crossed city lines to move to rivals Manchester City in 2009 as Mark Hughes' side unveiled the transfer with a billboard that said “Welcome to Manchester” with his face on, having ended on poor terms with the Red Devils. Tevez was offered a five-year contract at United that would have put him among the top earners at the club, but turned down the deal and was headstrong in his approach that the club had disrespected him by delaying their contract offer, and became the first player since Terry Cooke in 1999 to move between the two Manchester clubs.