Playing the part of DI Geordie Keating in the long-running ITV series, Green did a good job of dealing with his "real problems" when fame appeared. In a candid chat to close friend Jim Murray, on their Icelandic Fly Fishing Adventure (available on ITVX), he revealed his plunge into darker waters. "I was just 26 years old when real fame came knocking at my door with a drama called Soldier Soldier watched by 21 million people," Green began. "I was enjoying fame. I was enjoying recognition, I was enjoying all the approval. "I was enjoying the awards, I was enjoying the parties, I was enjoying the drinking and everything else that went with fame." Yet, his debauchery led him to a "very dark place" – "I wish this was a more original story," Green quipped. "My relationships were a car crash. And I was losing touch with what mattered in life. READ MORE: Menorrhagia is one of the most 'common signs' of cancer - 'Seek appointment with your GP' "So I went to see a therapist. He said to me, ‘So tell me who Robson Green is.' I said, ‘I am this guy who acts.' "He said, ‘No, that’s your career. Who are you?’ I didn’t have a clue." Working together, Green unearthed his passion for fishing, which he credits for putting him back on the healthier path. "It has been and still is my road to Damascus," Green said. "If I had the chance to go to that therapist again, I would say go fishing with me and you will see that’s who Robson Green is." READ MORE: Certain meats among worst foods for eyes - can cause 'profound' loss of vision If Green had continued to indulge in an excess of drinking, for example, health issues would have come knocking on his door. Drinking more than 14 units of alcohol per week is a health hazard in numerous ways. For instance, if you consumed more than 14 units weekly, after 10 to 20 years of regular use, you are more prone to: Mouth cancer, throat cancer and breast cancer The NHS adds: "There's also evidence that regular drinking at high-risk levels can make your mental health worse. "Research has found strong links between alcohol misuse and self-harming, including suicide." Anybody struggling with their mental health are encouraged to book an appointment with their doctor; Samaritans are available, for free, on 116 123. The national health service says: "The effects of alcohol on your health will depend on how much you drink. The less you drink, the lower the health risks."