Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, have divided opinion with the release of a statement responding to Jeremy Clarkson's apology. The presenter said on Monday he emailed the Duke and Duchess of Sussex on Christmas Day to apologise for his column in The Sun newspaper in which he said he "hated" Meghan. Harry and Meghan said in their statement Clarkson failed to address "his long-standing pattern of writing articles that spread hate rhetoric, dangerous conspiracy theories and misogyny". Some Express.co.uk readers defended Clarkson, who said his language had been "disgraceful" and he felt "profoundly sorry" for The Sun op-ed which resulted in more than 20,000 complaints to Ipso. bhs321 commented: "Jeremy Clarkson did the right thing, he should not have said what he did. "Good for him he admitted he was in the wrong. Now it's time for Harry and Megan to apologise to the [Royal Family]." Fellow reader Halpilk said: "Normal people would have graciously accepted the apology (not that I think it was necessary) but these two can’t even do that." Reader Disgusted from..... chimed in: "Poor old Clarkson - can't do right for doing wrong." Express.co.uk reader MISS added: "Mr Clarkson should have worded his article with better taste. Not a fan of Meghan but she does not deserve that sort of write up." Prince Harry has called on the Royal Family to apologise to his wife after making a slew of bombshell claims in his memoir, Spare. READ ABOUT A REAL LIFE CHAMBER OF SECRETS But royal expert Angela Levin said in a tweet that the Sussexes' response to Clarkson's apology acts as a warning for the Windsors. She commented: "Harry and Meghan's response to an apology is a warning for the Royal Family not to say they are sorry as Harry has demanded. "Jeremy Clarkson made an awful comment about Meghan, but did acknowledge he was wrong. [Harry and Meghan] don't then have to try to destroy his future as well." An unnamed royal fan, quoted by Hello! magazine, said: "THEY get to decide when THEY accept the apology. And that was no apology: by all accounts he addressed his email to Harry, because Clarkson only speaks with men…" DON'T MISS: Harry mocked again by Jimmy Kimmel with 'Prince and Penis' book [LATEST] Prince William makes surprise visit to charity without Kate [REPORT] Prince Harry 'speechless' after asking Queen to marry Meghan [REVEALED] A spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex said Clarkson wrote solely to Prince Harry. They added: "The contents of his correspondence were marked private and confidential. "While a new public apology has been issued today by Mr Clarkson, what remains to be addressed is his long-standing pattern of writing articles that spread hate rhetoric, dangerous conspiracy theories and misogyny. "Unless each of his other pieces were also written 'in a hurry', as he states, it is clear this is not an isolated incident shared in haste, but rather a series of articles shared in hate." In his apology, posted on his verified Instagram account, Clarkson said: "I really am sorry. All the way from the balls of my feet to the follicles on my head. This is me putting my hands up. Its a mea culpa with bells on. "Usually, I read what I've written to someone else before filing, but I was home alone on that fateful day, and in a hurry. So when I'd finished, I just pressed Send. And then, when the column appeared the next day, the landmine exploded." Clarkson's statement added ITV and Amazon, which air Who Wants To Be A Millionaire and The Grand Tour respectively, were "incandescent". The row over Clarkson's apology comes as Harry's controversial memoir is identified as the fastest-selling non-fiction book in Britain since records began in 1998. According to Nielsen BookData, which collects and provides information on distribution and sales measurement of books, Harry's headline-grabbing autobiography Spare sold 467,183 copies in its first week. The memoir, which hit the shelves on January 10, includes claims that the Prince of Wales physically attacked him and teased him about his panic attacks, and that the King put his own interests above Harry's and was jealous of the Duchess of Sussex and the Princess of Wales. The data released by Nielsen shows that the book has broken the previous record of 210,506 set by the first Pinch Of Nom cookbook - written by Kay Allinson - in 2019. The Nielsen BookData does not include e-books or audiobooks and refers only to the sale of physical copies. Spare, which was ghostwritten by JR Moehringer, is the only non-fiction book to make it into the top 10 fastest-selling books in the UK since records began.