Although there has been a reduction since the Cold War era, which was so dominated by the fear of a nuclear apocalypse, there remains a high level of nuclear warheads across the globe threatening to snuff out humanity with a push of a button. And, with around 90 percent of said warheads under the eye of Russia and the US, the threat of nuclear war is always there, particularly with the war in Ukraine raging on. Just last week, Vladimir Putin’s ally Dmitry Medvedev warned that a nuclear war could be brought on the West if Russia were to be defeated. But what should people do if the worst were to happen? Is there any official advice? Here, Express.co.uk looks at the UK's last official piece of nuclear advice: a booklet titled Protect and Survive.   In the Seventies, as part of a secret information campaign made for the public in case of emergency, a booklet called Protect and Survive was drawn up, initiated under Harold Wilson’s Government. Then, in January 1980, it was brought to the public's attention. The booklet told the public “how to make your home and family as safe as possible under nuclear attack”. In the event of a crisis, the 32-page booklet would be distributed with announcements made on the TV, the radio, and in the press. The pamphlets and a series of public information films were only intended to be made known to the public in the event of a crisis. Some 2,000 copies of the pamphlets were sent to senior officials in the emergency services and local authorities. The apocalyptical pamphlet — which described how no part of the UK would be considered safe in the event of a nuclear bomb or missile attack — advised the public to create a “fall-out room” and “inner refuge” to protect from radiation. The public was ordered to stay in the room furthest from the outside walls and roof for 14 days without leaving “at all”, essentially barricading themselves in to protect against the penetration of radiation. If possible, Britons were advised to build a “lean-to” inside using dense materials, again to resist radiation. If you lived in a flat of more than five floors, then you must head to the basement or ground floor. Windows were to be painted with white emulsion to reflect the heat and advice was given on how to bury and label those who had died. The public would be told to put together a survival kit which consisted of three and a half gallons of drinking water and some for washing; tinned or well-wrapped food to last for a fortnight; a portable radio (described as “only link to the outside world”); warm clothing; letter writing paraphernalia; tin and bottle openers; crockery; bedding and toilet “articles”. The booklet also included a checklist that asked questions such as “do you know the warning sounds?”; “have you got buckets of water ready on each floor?” and “have you sent the children to the fall-out room?”  The senior curator of the 2017 People Power: Fighting for Peace exhibit at the Imperial War Museum told The Times that year that the pamphlet was “chilling”. Matt Brosnan said: “The matter-of-fact instructions are written so as to be easy to follow, yet never broach the underlying question that all readers would be likely to ask: in a nuclear strike, would most of this be futile?” Towards the end of the Seventies, anxiety over potential nuclear attack was on the rise, and in January 1980, The Times got wind of the Government’s campaign and ran a series of articles about Britain’s preparedness which included an image of the Protect and Survive booklet. The news was out. The Government consequently prepared a new version which could be bought for 50p. But it was not received quite as it had been hoped. The booklet was criticised with experts saying the advice was not helpful with the protective measures being “illusory” as people would simply “panic” if a nuclear attack were to strike. Not only was it dismissed by the experts but parodied several times. The Young Ones and Only Fools and Horses sitcoms each poked fun at the guidance. MAD Magazine ran a tongue-in-cheek “Meet Mr Bomb” edition in 1983, also on sale for 50p, put together by the “Ministry of Futile Preparedness”. Taras Young, author of the 2019 book Nuclear War in the UK, writing for History Today in 2020, said: “Today, much of the advice in Protect and Survive reads as, at best, an ineffectual charade and, at worst, a diversionary tactic to distract panicked citizens during a crisis.” READ MORE: How to survive World War 3 by building a nuclear bunker at HOME Although the Government attempted to resurrect Protect and Survive, it largely fell to the wayside with a Home Office report called “Population response to war” conducted in 1982 finding that it would likely that the UK would not survive such an attack due to the social and economic burden. Former Home Secretary Douglas Hurd had seemingly predicted the difficulty of giving advice as he said in 1986: “If new material was issued now, everyone would throw it into the wastepaper basket or make fun of it as they did with Protect and Survive. I don’t think there’s a sensible purpose in it.” In 2004, the Home Office released a “Preparing for Emergencies” campaign, which included a 22-page booklet in the wake of the Madrid train bombings that year and the spread of foot and mouth disease. But this again was slammed as “scaremongering” and compared to Protect and Survive. Similar criticisms were hurled at the police’s 2019 evacuation “grab bag” initiative. Now, the Government’s page on “terrorism and national emergencies” is fairly scant. However, an expert told Express.co.uk last year that advice should be given. Nuclear weapons expert Colonel Hamish de Bretton-Gordon said: “It’s sort of a fine line between providing reassurance and actually terrifying people. I think that’s one of the issues we’ve got at the moment… People realise that, actually, [the risk of] either a nuclear accident or direct use of nuclear weapons at the moment has never been higher since the Cold War.” DON'T MISS: Couple left in agony say 'Turkey teeth' has ruined their lives [INSIGHT]Sussexes were ‘doomed' from the start and never going to fit mould [ANALYSIS]Child's body found in search for missing Athena Brownfield, 4 [REPORT]  Researchers at the University of Nicosia in Cyprus have published a new study in the Physics of Fluids journal which examined what would happen in the event of a 750-kiloton-rated nuclear blast — the Hiroshima bomb was of around 15 kilotons and Nagasaki was 25 kilotons. They found that “even if you’re hiding indoors” and far from the explosion, the high-speed winds caused could still kill or seriously injure people. In the event that nuclear sirens are sounded, the US government, on the official website Ready.gov, advises the public to “get inside the nearest building to avoid radiation”. The safest buildings are those that are concrete-reinforced. Once inside, the advice states that you must remove any contaminated clothing and wipe or wash unprotected skin if you were outside when the fallout occurred. If you are caught outside when disaster strikes, the advice is to lie face down to protect exposed skin from the heat and flying debris. Among safest places in the UK are those furthest from major cities such as Cornwall and Anglesey. A study, published last year, found that Argentina and Australia were the two countries with the best hope of seeing their civilisation survive a decade after a nuclear war.  