Newcastle boss Eddie Howe is reportedly interested in a move to bring Joao Felix to St James' Park. Felix is attracting plenty of interest from Premier League clubs with Atletico Madrid supposedly willing to let the attacker leave on loan this month.  Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester United are considered the frontrunners for the loan deal, which would reportedly cost £8m in upfront cost. But Atletico would also likely demand most, if not all, of Felix's high wages be covered for the duration of the loan spell. The 23-year-old joined Atletico in a £113million mega-money deal in 2019, but has struggled to live up to expectations in Spain. He has scored four in his last three La Liga matches for Atletico, but the Spanish side's precarious financial position means they're hoping to recoup some cash this month. Felix appears to be the man attracting the most attention in Atletico's squad and a deal could be struck this month. And it's now being reported that Newcastle manager Howe is keeping an eye on the situation.  According to GiveMeSport, Felix is 'on Howe's radar' for potential targets this month. Newcastle are not short of central strikers at the moment with Callum Wilson, Chris Wood and Alexander Isak in Howe's squad. The Sweden international remains out with an injury while Wilson has only just gotten over an illness. But it's in the wide areas where Newcastle may see Felix is an option, a position he regularly plays for his country.  The report adds that Felix's agent, Jorge Mendes, would potentially want to start doing business with Newcastle to strike up a lucrative partnership for his other clients. The super agent already has a number of Premier League stars such as Fabinho, Bernardo Silva, Joao Cancelo and Darwin Nunez on his books. It's meant that he's also got a working relationship with the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City. And Newcastle's new-found riches may make them the next club all the biggest agents around the world will want to do business with. How much Newcastle have to spend next month remains to be seen though as Howe has indicated that they won't continue their huge spending. But with Felix being available on a loan deal, Newcastle would potentially be able to get a move done. 