Jamie Carragher has called for Liverpool to spend £200million on signing three new midfielders in the summer and back Jurgen Klopp financially. The Reds were comfortably beaten 3-1 on Monday night by Brentford in a performance that underlined their key weaknesses. Liverpool found themselves head into the half-time break 2-0 down after Ibrahima Konate converted into his own goal and Youane Wissa headed a smart effort past Alisson. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain halved the deficit in the 50th minute but they struggled to create many openings beyond that. Brentford switched to a more defensive system and hit the Reds on the counter, being rewarded for their efforts in the 84th minute when Bryan Mbeumo tucked home a third. The performance highlighted that the Anfield outfit are in need of an overhaul, and Carragher did not hold back in his assessment of the squad. Speaking to Sky Sports after the match, he said: “When you look at the age profile of a lot of the players within the squad, they’ve got a lot of players in their 30s or coming into their 30s who’ve been great for the club, but that is one of the reasons why the ownership is up for sale, or they’re looking for investment, because Liverpool are going to need to go big in the summer. “You look at what Chelsea and Man United spent in the summer, and they’re still not close to winning the title, so it shows you the kind of funds that you need to compete at the top of the league. Liverpool year in, year out, have sold someone, bought someone, but I think this is a case of now Liverpool need to spend about £200 million. “I’m not saying that in terms of that’s the secret to success - there’s lots of teams who have shown that doesn’t necessarily work - but Liverpool need to sign maybe three midfield players, I would say. Not necessarily all to play, but Keïta, Oxlade-Chamberlain, even James Milner, they’re all out of contract. “The age of Thiago who is injured quite a lot, Henderson, Fabinho, I think Liverpool need three midfield players and when you’re talking about real quality you need at least £40-50 million on those types of players, I would imagine.” Liverpool have been linked with a plethora of midfielders since the start of the season, with an approach for Borussia Dortmund star Jude Bellingham expected over the summer. Brighton playmaker Moises Caicedo and Wolves’ Matheus Nunes are also admired, with target Enzo Fernandez edging closer to a move to Chelsea this month.