Chelsea fans swarmed head coach Graham Potter as he was being escorted to a private car from Craven Cottage after Thursday night's Premier League defeat to Fulham. The Blues were beaten 2-1 by their west London rivals, but Potter received overwhelming support as he left the stadium. Potter is under pressure amid a nightmare start to his reign, with Chelsea winning just two of their last 10 games in all competitions, losing seven of them. The uninspiring defeat at Fulham, worsened by Joao Felix's debut red card, was the club's third successive defeat and fourth outing without victory. Chelsea are slumped in 10th in the Premier League, 10 points outside of the top four, having played a game more than fourth-placed Manchester United. But when Potter had a run-in with several fans as he was escorted down a London street to his car on Thursday night, he only received support and praise, despite his recent struggles. The fan filming shouted: "Gaffer!" Before another in the background said: "Graham Potter, we still believe!" A third lauded: "Best manager in the world!" And more support followed: "We've got you gaffer, we trust you!" Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE The support kept coming as he entered his vehicle. One said: "Don't give up!" Another added: "You'll win the Champions League for us!" Someone else shouted: "Go on Potter, we believe, keep the faith!" Another fan aimed his frustrations at the players, saying: "Change the squad, they're the problem!" As the car door shut, more praise in the distance included "super Graham Potter" and "what a guy!" Potter reportedly has the full backing of Chelsea owner Todd Boehly, who made the former Brighton and Hove Albion boss his first managerial appointment at the club. The Blues need to quickly get back up and go again, with another London derby against Crystal Palace on the agenda this weekend. DON'T MISS: Chelsea owner Boehly has four options to replace Potter amid crisis Potter had nine first-team players missing at Fulham: Raheem Sterling, Christian Pulisic, Edouard Mendy, N'Golo Kante, Reece James, Ben Chilwell, Wesley Fofana, Ruben Loftus-Cheek and Armando Broja. Denis Zakaria added to concerns by limping off injured in the second half, while Felix's dismissal didn't help boost Potter's depleted ranks. Chelsea also face Liverpool, Fulham again and West Ham United in the Premier League before their Champions League last-16 clash against Borussia Dortmund. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here