Jeremy Clarkson's apology handed Prince Harry and Meghan Markle an "open goal", the Sun's former editor has claimed. Kelvin MacKenzie, who joined GB News' Dan Wootton to discuss the issue, also suggested Clarkson's only mistake was issuing an apology. Wootton opened the conversation by taking aim at the "tyranny of the woke mob" and slamming Clarkson's apology as "futile".  MacKenzie, who edited the tabloid newspaper between 1981 and 1994, told the Kiwi-born presenter: "Honestly, I love what Clarkson does. "I think his journalism is fantastic, his column is great. "The one at the Sunday Times is of a different level compared to anybody else in his game. "But the mistake he made was he apologised. "What was the point of apologising? It gave Harry and Meghan an open goal to reject it and actually made Clarkson’s position much worse." MacKenzie lauded Clarkson for restoring the previously "clapped-out" format of 'Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?' JUST IN: American media says Prince Harry 'didn't go far enough' with attack on Royal Family   He added: "What I've been surprised about is how hard Clarkson has fought to stay on the pedestal and the reality is the harder he's fought the more difficult it has become for him." Wootton and McKenzie's discussion comes weeks after Clarkson came under fire for writing a column in the Sun about a naked Duchess of Sussex being pelted with excrement. The newspaper apologised for the December article and removed it from its website. The ex-Top Gear host also apologised and said he was "horrified to have caused so much hurt" after making a "clumsy reference to a scene in Game of Thrones". The 62-year-old issued another apology on Monday. Clarkson said: "I am sorry. All the way from the balls off my feet to the follicles on my head.   "This is me putting my hands up. It's a mea culpa with bells on." He continued: "I'd been thinking of a scene in Game of Thrones, but I'd forgotten to mention this. "So it looked like I was actually calling for revolting violence to rain down on Meghan's head." Clarkson added: "I was mortified and so was everyone else. "My phone went mad. Very close friends were furious. "Even my own daughter took to Instagram to denounce me."  DON'T MISS:Meghan’s best friend breaks silence after Spare with sweet throwback [INSIGHT]Prince Harry slammed for TMI in Spare - 'inane and puerile' [ANALYSIS]Harry and Meghan 'lost supporters' after 'self-indulgent' docuseries [INSIGHT]   However, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle rejected Clarkson's latest plea for forgiveness. A spokesperson for the Sussexes said in a statement: "On December 25, 2022, Mr Clarkson wrote solely to Prince Harry, The Duke of Sussex. "The contents of his correspondence were marked private and confidential. "While a new public apology has been issued today by Mr Clarkson, what remains to be addressed is his long-standing pattern of writing articles that spread hate rhetoric, dangerous conspiracy theories and misogyny. "Unless each of his other pieces were also written 'in a hurry', as he states, it is clear that this is not an isolated incident shared in haste, but rather a series of articles shared in hate." The statement did not provide examples from Clarkson's other articles. 