Nigel Farage slammed Rishi Sunak for his plan to make students study mathematics until the age of 18 years. Mr Farage was speaking on GB News about the five pledges made by Mr Sunak on Wednesday.  The Prime Minister said he is looking at plans to ensure all school pupils in England study maths in some form until the age of 18. In his first speech of 2023, Mr Sunak said he wanted people to "feel confident" when it came to finances. Mr Sunak also said the UK must "reimagine our approach to numeracy". He argued: “In a world where data is everywhere and statistics underpin every job, letting our children out into that world without those skills is letting our children down.”   Expressing discontent with Mr Sunak’s plan, Mr Farage said: “I've never heard such a load of old baloney in all my life. “Believe me X and Y or algebra and trigonometry do not help you to become numerate. “I have got a far better idea. “If you want a numerate country, teach everybody, from the age of 16, how to play darts and do the mental arithmetic to get down from 501. READ MORE: Mother finds Christmas gift for daughter in charity shop days later  “That would be far more constructive than making 18 years old do maths, a subject in many cases which they will absolutely hate, loath and probably bunk off from.” Mr Sunak outlined five promises he said he wants the public to judge his premiership on. He pledged to cut NHS waiting lists - more than seven million people are currently waiting for care in England, which is one-eighth of the population. Mr Sunak said he was confident things would improve within months and asked the country to hold him to account. DON'T MISS:NHS discharges patients into ‘care hotels’ to ease bed blocking  [REVEAL]Rail chaos as one in five UK train services to run [SPOTLIGHT]Pope Benedict's allies plot to replace Francis  [INSIGHT] The Prime Minister also pledged to halve inflation this year to ease the cost of living – but projections show that it is already due to fall by more than half anyway. And he promised to grow the economy, ensure national debt was falling and stop migrant boats crossing the Channel. 