Gurlaine first came to Albert Square in 2019 as bi-sexual doctor Ash. She has been at the heart of some of EastEnders most dramatic storylines, and when she first arrived Ash was often seen clashing with her mum Suki Panesar (played by Balvinder Sopal) who disapproved of her sexuality. Actress Gurlaine is said to be looking forward to what lies ahead after she leaves the BBC soap. A source said: “Gurlaine’s loved her time on the show but she’s ready to try new things. “She has had an incredible three years on the soap and made some great friends. They added to The Sun: “She’ll film her final scenes in the coming months and in typical Eastenders style it will be unmissable.” READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss Ash, who joined as part of the extended Panesar family, is the third family member to leave the square. She arrived after her brothers Kheerat (Jaz Deol), Vinny (Shiv Jalota), and Jags (Amar Adatia). Kheerat left last year while brother Jags was killed off so fans will be keen to find out how Ash will leave. Gurlaine’s exit was confirmed by BBC bosses as they said: “We can confirm that Gurlaine will be leaving Eastenders, and we wish her all the best for the future Gurlaine’s departure comes as it was revealed another Eastenders favourite is rumoured to be returning to the Square. Jacqueline Jossa, who plays Lauren Branning, joined several old and new faces to return to the square last year to say goodbye to her grandmother Dot Branning. They included Punk Mary Smith (Linda Davidson), Lofty Holloway (Tom Watt), and the soap's first openly gay character Colin Russell (Michael Cashman). There was even a surprise sighting of the show's longest-running character Ian Beale (Adam Woodyatt) who left the square on an ‘extended break’ in 2020. DON'T MISS: Radio 2's Zoe Ball replaced by Vernon Kay after issuing urgent health  [LATEST] Richard Madeley sparks uproar after ‘misgendering’ GMB guest [INTERVIEW] Paul Burrell in tears about telling sons 'I have prostrate cancer' [INTERVIEW] Jacqueline revealed her brief return to the show ignited her passion to return to the hit BBC show full-time, telling Soap From the Box Podcast: “When I went back recently I was nervous. “But I was literally like, ‘I could stay here forever. I love it. This is the best job in the world. "I've realised that that’s where I am happiest and my passion and enjoyment comes from that side of things. “Since going back to Eastenders I’ve had that little fire in my belly again. Like there is that part of me that isn't fulfilled anymore, that creative side.” Jacqueline was last seen on the soap in 2018 after her character was dramatically left to start a new life in New Zealand. When she left the soap, Jacqueline said she quit to concentrate on being a mum to her two children, Ella, seven, and Mia, four, and described how difficult life became financially. At that time she said: “There is no such thing as maternity pay, so when I had kids I had to leave and do magazine covers to make money." She revealed she had to sell her house when the money stopped coming in and told the podcast she found it hard to juggle life on the soap with a young family. She said: “I was actually pregnant with Mia when it was time to go, and I saw it as a sign like, ‘Come on.’ I would’ve had to leave anyway. I never would've left on my own back.” EastEnders airs Monday-Thursday on BBC One at 7.30pm