In an episode of the ITV show over the festive period, the panel were speaking about whether or not parents should impose their own lifestyle choices onto their children. The topic swiftly moved onto one woman’s decision to adopt a gothic lifestyle with her baby, much to the disgust of Katie Piper. Katie was shown a small clip of goth baby alongside her co-stars Kaye Adams, Judi Love and Nadia Sawalha. In the video, it showed how one mother was inspired by the Netflix series Wednesday and had decided to turn her entire home to fit the Addams family aesthetic. The viral video, which shows the day in the life of a goth baby, featured a toy called “Hell-Mo” along with other dark accents throughout. Although when the clip was playing, it was clear Katie disapproved of the gothic look as she could be heard visibility gasping.  READ MORE:Ruth Langsford shares Eamonn Holmes bedroom confession Admitting that she didn’t like the interior, she added: "It's all black and dark. Babies don't like that. "I'm just going to put it out there, it's giving me satanic vibes, it's giving me bad energy, it's toxic, I don't like it and also it's a baby. "The cot's a tomb. You can't put your baby in a grave." However, many viewers were left outraged by her strong comments and quickly complained about her remarks.  The broadcasting watchdog has revealed that they received a total of 66 reports in relation to Katie’s opinion and reaction over "goth baby”. At the time of her comments, viewers watching didn’t hold back in sharing their fury as many flocked to social media to complain. Taking to Twitter, abbie_fm wrote: “Goths are some of the nicest people, often more accepting of others and super friendly. Shame on you @loosewomen, especially @KatiePiper_ for spewing rubbish on such a platform, encouraging ridiculous stereotypes about a wonderful community.’ Miss_Terreh added: “Lost all respect for Katie Piper after her comments on Loose Women.  DON'T MISS... Waterloo Road fans in uproar as beloved character killed off  [REACTION] EastEnders fans spot key scene ‘exposing’ father of Lily Slater’s baby [SOAP] James Jordan sparks uproar as he defends Ola weight loss comments [VIDEO] The woman who shares the goth baby videos, called Reby Hardy, took to Tik Tok to share her thoughts on Katie’s comments as she revealed the whole situation in a skit. Playing clips from the ITV talk show, she counteracted their arguments by showing that many rooms in her house are not dark and feature plenty of colour. In the clip, she said: “I don't understand how this is any different from anyone decorating their baby’s nursery in monochromatic pink or monochromatic blue. “Or is it just “toxic” and pushing my thoughts and what I want onto my baby because it’s dark-coloured?  “Do you realise how crazy this sounds, this is about colour!” Later on in the clip, the mum called the Loose Women ladies a panel of misinformed people who seemed to associate colours with religion. She added: “I get what they’re doing, I get you have to bring the discourse into a topic to keep people talking, especially on television. “But at least get something right because it seems every single thing about this story they’ve gotten wrong or they’ve painted their own assumptions on it.” Express.co.uk have contacted a representative for Loose Women for comment Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV1 and ITVX 