CBS’ latest drama East New York returned to screens with a jaw-dropping episode which saw Detective Tommy Killian (played by Kevin Rankin) turn unlawful. Although fans are eager to find out the fate of his career, the hit series won’t air this week.   East New York premiered towards the end of 2022 and with just 11 episodes released, the series has already taken viewers by storm. The drama follows the life of detective inspector Regina Haywood (Amanda Warren) who was recently promoted to commanding officer of the NYPD’s 74th precinct. With personal connections to the working-class neighbourhood, she was determined to gain the community’s trust with her creative methods. However, with the daunting task of getting her team on board, Haywood realised it was a bigger challenge than she anticipated. This was seen in the most recent episodes, By the Book. READ MORE: Ken Bruce quits BBC Radio 2 after 31 years  As the team investigated the mysterious death of a young dancer, Detective Killian believed he was above the law. After years of hearing about his girlfriend Caitlin Mehner's (Corinne Moynahan), dream of owning a bar, he decided to help her with the deposit. As he was having money problems, Killian stole a baseball bat belonging to a world-famous athlete to trade in for cash. After giving it to his friend Goody Gaines (Michael Potts) he received the money but Goody soon discovered the bat was fake.  After getting it appraised, Goody learned the bat was worth $13 instead of the $30,000 he gave Killian. As a result, he decided to file paperwork against Killian for fraud, which could jeopardize his career in law enforcement. However, before fans can see the fallout of Killian’s unlawful decision they will be forced to wait a few weeks. East New York will return in February after a scheduling shake-up as major sporting events will take place in its usual slot. DON'T MISS...Phillip Schofield sparks uproar as he defends Jeremy Clarkson [REACTION]FBI: Most Wanted crossover delayed by CBS shake-up [INSIGHT]1923 fans vent fury as Yellowstone prequel heads on early hiatus [REACTION]  The series is not scheduled to air next week to prepare for the highly anticipated NFL games. The following week on January 29, CBS will instead air the AFC championship games. However, East New York will remain on hiatus as the 65th annual Grammys will take place on February 5. Then on February 12, the annual Super Bowl will hit the screens to determine the NFL league champions.   As a result, fans can expect East New York’s 12th episode to premiere on February 19. However, the show has a full season order so viewers don’t have to worry about reaching the finale any time soon. Fans will have to stay tuned to find out Killian’s fate as CBS has yet to release a synopsis.  East New York returns to CBS in the US on Sunday, February 19. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 