Aries Taking on some extra work will give you a good excuse to pull out of regular social plans that are starting to bore you. Besides, there are some people you will want to avoid for a more peaceful life. A senior colleague’s impartial view will be extremely valuable. Taurus Stick with jobs you are familiar with for a less stressful day. If you work in the media or have a regular blog it may be necessary to choose your words carefully when reporting a news story of some significance. You will enjoy discussing a variety of worldwide topics with your team. Gemini It would be a simple matter to please your boss and other senior colleagues by doing what you are told. Only you have a problem with this because you aren’t keen on the things other people are asking from you. You have your own ideas and you would like those in high places to take them seriously.   Cancer You’re always in touch with your feelings but occasionally emotions can interfere with your choices in a way that isn’t for the best. Today is one of them. It won’t be sensible to allow emotion to interfere with the job in hand. Keep emotions out of decisions to do with your job and finances. Leo Someone will win a leadership contest fair and square. It will take time for new systems that are put in place to make a difference. There is tension in the air and this can be eased if complaints are addressed and problems rectified as soon as they arise. Virgo A prestigious award and certificate will be awarded for your recent hard work in the community. Your charity work is an inspiration to others and to have those in high places acknowledge what you are doing reminds you of the importance of your efforts.    Libra Arguments will arise over household expenditures. You may have to offer to pay for more than you think is fair. Someone in the family is strapped for cash and although not ideal, this might be the only way to cover joint expenses. Keep your sense of humour handy when you hear of a neighbour’s complaints, this evening. Scorpio Get straight to the point when talking to others. It isn’t worth beating about the bush. Say what’s on your mind to avoid misunderstandings. It doesn’t matter whether you need to bring up a highly personal matter or a professional concern, don’t be afraid to speak your mind. Sagittarius Be patient and diplomatic when conversations get confusing. Someone could easily jump to the wrong conclusion and this will only prolong communication issues. If a friend or colleague is clearly struggling to get their message across, give them a bit more time to find the right words.    Capricorn The moment there are problems others will look to you to help sort it all out. This will be complicated and time consuming and you might wonder whether it’s worth it. Instead of carrying on regardless as is your usual way, why not suggest that someone else takes the strain for a change. Aquarius Cash flow problems can be attributed to the fact that your income no longer matches your outgoings. Seeking a pay rise would seem like the best solution but your employer may not be as agreeable. Instead, look for ways to trim your immediate expenses. Eliminate waste and cut extravagance. Pisces Truth can seem more complicated and more unbelievable than fiction these days. A tale you are told will be hard to take seriously but it will be true and once you realise this, you will also have a lot of thinking to do. 