Charles Leclerc is said to be worth more than 11 Manchester United first-team players. F1 star Leclerc has an estimated net worth of around £10.6m following his four years at the Scuderia. The Ferrari driver has amassed a staggering £42.6m in his time in F1 with a string of wealthy pay packets over the years since 2018. According to sportrac, Leclerc earned just £150,000 in his first season at Alfa Romeo before accepting £3.5m at Ferrari in 2019. He since secured deals up to £15m in 2020 and then £12m in 2021 and 2022. The Monegasque’s net worth overall is said to be approaching the £11m mark, which is enough to see him rank above 11 United players, including Bruno Fernandes. The Portuguese star has an estimated net worth of slightly below Leclerc's at £9.5m. Leclerc is also worth more than Jadon Sancho (£7-8m), Victor Lindelof (£7.8m), Aaron Wan-Bisakka (£7m) and Donny van de Beek (4.2m). The other six players in Erik ten Hag's squad worth less than the Ferrari star are Scott McTominay, Diogo Dalot, Tyrell Malacia, Anthony Elanga, Antony and Tom Heaton. READ MORE: Ferrari 'split with lucrative sponsor' and face £40m windfall  Alongside his bumper wage, Leclerc also enjoys a lucrative sponsorship contract with watchmaker Richard Mille. The lucrative brand has sided with the Ferrari driver since his early days in the sport back in karting. In 2021, the pair took their relationship to the next level with the creation of a new watch bearing Leclerc’s name, the ‘RM 67-02 Automatic Charles Leclerc’. Essentially Sports has also claimed Leclerc has a collection of multi-million-pound timepieces. He has been spotted wearing the RM 61-01 ‘Ultimate Piece’ edition which is no longer in production. DON'T MISSLeclerc weighs in on Hamilton fashion taste as star steals limelight [INSIGHT]Ferrari warned Red Bull and Mercedes 'would love' to sign Leclerc [COMMENT]Ferrari 'exploiting loophole' with Red Bull taking similar approach [ANALYSIS] Meanwhile, one of Leclerc’s prototype RM-02 watches sold for a massive £1.6m ($2.3million) at auction. The former Alfa Romeo driver is also said to own a range of luxurious sports cars including a £2.7m ($3.3m) Bugatti Chiron. Ahead of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, Mercedes star George Russell also suggested Leclerc would be paid extra if he edged out Sergio Perez to P2 in the standings. Russell said: “We found out Thursday night that Charles has got a little bonus in the contract if he gets P2 in the drivers. So he is going to be gunning for it. McLaren star Lando Norris jumped in: “He’s tipped some people off to help him out.”