A new report from the Department for Transport found that the UK is still a long way from its target of reaching 300,000 electric vehicle charging points by 2030. This installation goal was unveiled to coincide with the Government’s incoming sales ban on new petrol and diesel cars from 2030. The data, which was provided by EV charging platform Zap-Map, revealed that there are now 30 EVs for every charge point, compared with 16 at the start of 2020. In order to meet the 300,000 target, monthly installations for new EV charging devices will need to increase from 806 to 3,130 – a 288 percent improvement. The other headline figures from the report showed that as of January 1, 2023, there were 37,055 public electric vehicle charging devices installed in the UK. Nicholas Lyes, RAC’s Head of Roads Policy, said: “It’s all well and good having a zero-emission vehicle mandate for car manufacturers but if public charging isn’t keeping pace with EV registrations, then drivers will quickly become disillusioned and frustrated. READ MORE: Drivers could be fined £80 simply for clearing windscreen frost “Data already shows a record number of electric vehicles per public charging point, so we strongly urge the Government to introduce annual installation targets and do whatever it takes to make it easier for operators to install new charging hubs. “It should also be noted that rapid and ultra-rapid chargers currently account for just a fifth of all the network and are growing at a slower rate. “If people are to make longer journeys quickly and easily, we need to eradicate the rapid charging ‘deserts’ that exist and make the fastest possible chargers available much more widely.” The Department for Transport announced that there was an increase in total charging devices in all regions of the UK. DON'T MISSElectric car drivers can make use of 'magic' feature to avoid frost [HELPFUL]'It's key' for drivers to refill engine oil or risk major damage [INSIGHT]Motorist makes £25,000 a year from renting out drive for parking [INCREDIBLE] The AA also called on the Government to implement new targets to ensure the installation of EV chargers kept up with demand and the 2030 goals. Jack Cousens, head of roads policy for the AA, said: “New EVs are flying off the factory floor, but we desperately need charge point installations to keep pace with an ever-growing demand. “With a target of 300,000 publicly available charge points by 2030 and just 37,055 installations in place, more focus is needed to accelerate the nation’s charging infrastructure. “We urge the Government to set marker post targets in place so drivers can see the progress is being made while giving those nervous to switch the confidence to do so.” READ MORE: All UK drivers warned of huge fuel use spike without simple car check Labour has also slammed the Conservatives, accusing them of “falling asleep at the wheel” when it comes to helping the UK make the switch to EVs. Experts have pointed towards long EV charging waiting times seen over Christmas as the need for more chargers. Electric car owners were reportedly waiting up to three hours to use a public charging station after Christmas, much to the dismay of many drivers. Lauren Pamma, Programme Director at the Green Finance Institute, said the 300,000 charger target was a challenge, but is “entirely possible to deliver”. She added that the UK must not focus solely on quantity, but must also look at the geographical spread of public chargepoints. Ms Pamma continued, saying: “Currently, chargepoints are disproportionately grouped in affluent areas forming an unsurpassable barrier to EV ownership for consumers in different parts of the country. The key to addressing this inequality, as well as boosting the total number of public chargepoints, is to address barriers to financing. “Financial products, like utilisation linked loans, will allow the crowding in of private finance and will have an enormous impact on the pace and scale at which we deploy new EV charging infrastructure. There is also a lot more we can do to efficiently use the chargepoints we already have. Home chargepoint sharing is a fast-growing market and will do much to increase the resilience and capacity of the UK’s charging network.” Unlocking EV ownership for more consumers without off-street parking at home and removing one of the main barriers to accelerating the EV transition, Pamma added.