Kia Joorabchian has stormed back at Jamie Carragher after the Liverpool legend claimed the agent's relationship with Everton owner Farhad Moshiri was "very unhealthy". Joorabchian has labelled the pundit "uneducated" following his comments. Carragher tore into Everton on Sky Sports' Monday Night Football this week. The boyhood Toffees fan claimed they were the worst run team in the Premier League. Everton currently sit 19th in the table and sacked head coach Frank Lampard on Monday. They were left red-faced the day after when Arnaut Danjuma was set to sign but at the last minute pulled out of a deal and has now joined Tottenham instead. Joorabchian has a connection with Everton owner Moshiri, which Carragher highlighted as a problem. He said: "You start with the owner, Farhad Moshiri, he doesn’t know what he’s doing but he’s got a lot of money. "He’s put a lot of money in. He’s got a very unhealthy relationship with Kia Joorabchian, and that partnership has caused a lot of problems at Everton. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  "Players coming in, managers getting changed left, right and centre. Why does every Everton manager fail? Why?" Carraghed joked he will be waiting for Joorabchian to call him to respond. But the agent has instead replied publicly on talkSPORT. He spoke to the radio station on Monday morning, where Simon Jordan was also present. Joorabchian didn't hide his feelings on Carragher and referenced the incident from 2018 where the pundit was suspended by Sky for several months for spitting out of his car window into another vehicle which included a 14-year-old girl. Joorabchian said: "When Simon says something I quite respect it, because he’s an educated person, unlike someone like a Jamie Carragher who unfortunately lives in a glass house, spits out of car windows and has no education in terms of his background when he makes a comment." DON'T MISSNewcastle 'put Saint-Maximin up for sale' as swap proposal comes to lightMan Utd chiefs think Erik ten Hag has signed his very own Jack GrealishArsenal boss Arteta explains plan for third signing after Trossard and Kiwior  Joorabchian explained that his influence on Everton has been far less than what Carragher thinks. He added: "That’s why I thought I’d go on and clarify this point. "I’ve done three transfers of my players over the course of Farhad's tenure at Everton. Those three were Richarlison from Watford which was a very successful transfer, a free transfer of Bernard who came from Shakhtar Donetsk when his contract finished and he was a player who wasn’t a complete disaster and did very well. "We had Carlo Ancelotti who was the only manager they’ve ever taken on a recommendation. We always do the same as we do with any club in the Premier League, every time someone needs a manager and we have a client, we always present our clients. "Then we were involved in the Anwar El Ghazi loan which was part of the Lucas Digne transfer in an FFP scenario. Anwar came in this way and unfortunately that didn’t work out for them because there was a change of manager and when that change occurred, Anwar wasn’t in the new manager's plans." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 