A clogged drain is caused by a build-up of hair, dirt, grease or soap scum. The end result? You’ll most likely be standing in an inch of dirty water or your cubicle may overflow onto the bathroom floor. If your water is slow to drain, it will cause a slippery layer of grime to form on the bath or shower tray - posing both a hazard and hygiene risk to anyone who uses it. To help households out bathroom experts at Mira Showers have shared a few “tried and tested” methods to avoid calling a professional for the job. A spokesperson for Mira Showers said: “As unpleasant as it sounds, the most common cause of a blocked shower drain is a build-up of hair, dead skin, soap scum and other debris. “Removing hair from the plughole after your shower and regularly cleaning the shower drain are the best ways to prevent a build-up. “Shower drains can also become blocked by limescale build-up, especially if you live in an area with hard water. If you suspect this could be causing the blockage, there are plenty of ways to de-scale your pipes using household products, from vinegar to lemon juice.” This may sound a bit too good to be true but if soap buildup is the cause of your plumbing issues, pouring boiling water down the drain might be all you need to do. READ MORE: I banished horrid smells from my washing machine using 50p item The expert said: “Hot water is unlikely to unblock a  drain completely, but it's generally a good place to start. If a build-up of soap scum is causing the blockage, then pouring some piping hot water down will loosen it up. “Boil the kettle, let it cool for a few minutes, and pour it down the drain. Don't use water while it's at boiling point, as this can cause your pipes to warp.” It’s important to note, if it’s not just soap and grease causing the blockage, this method may not work on its own. Plungers essentially suction up water, with the aim of releasing blockages in the process, so knowing how to use them can rescue things in a range of scenarios. DON'T MISS‘Tacky’ interior trends to avoid that make your home appear ‘cheap’ [EXPERT]Five ‘safe and effective’ solutions for deterring pigeons from gardens [TIPS]Four ‘most common’ pruning mistakes to avoid - can ‘kill' your plants [INSIGHT] The bathroom pro said: “This tried and tested drain unblocking technique might help if the blockage is near the plughole. “Using a plunger can help draw out whatever is causing the issue. If you're struggling to get enough suction from the plunger, apply some Vaseline around the edges.” As well as being a great solution for cleaning most areas of the home, baking soda can also be used to unclog a drain when it is paired with white vinegar. The expert said: “White vinegar is a known saviour for various cleaning tasks, and drain unblocking is no exception.” READ MORE: ‘Best’ home remedy to remove grout stains ‘in five minutes’ To follow this method, begin by filling up a cup with baking soda and pouring it down the drain. Wait two to three minutes, then follow with a cup of white vinegar. The mixture will start to bubble. Put the plug in and leave it to work for around an hour.  After an hour, pour hot water (not boiling) down the drain. The vinegar and baking soda solution should loosen any hair or soap scum, so the hot water can flush out the pipework and clear the blockage. If it doesn't fix the problem, repeat the process once more. Bear in mind that while this is a more ecologically-friendly method of clearing drains, it is still reasonably caustic, so don't overdo it, warned the expert. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea If nothing else has worked, it's time to delve into the drain and manually remove the blockage. Do this by taking the cover off of the plughole. It may have a screw holding it in place, or households could need a flat-head screwdriver to pry it off. Use a torch to look down the drain. If the blockage is visible and within reach, go ahead and remove it. If the blockage is not within reach, use a hook to pull out any debris. Try straightening a wire coat hanger and using the hooked part to get hold of the blockage. If you still can't retrieve anything, you might need to use a plumber's snake. Push it into the drain until it reaches the clog, turn the handle and pull it back out.