Tottenham Hotspur are expected to make at least one signing on deadline day, with more movement all but certain on the exit front. Antonio Conte will shape his squad further ahead of the second half of the season before the clock strikes 11pm and the January transfer window slams shut. Spurs haven't been as active as many fans would have liked this month amid a fierce battle for a top-four spot. Conte's side are three points outside the Champions League spots, having played a game more than Newcastle United and Manchester United in third and fourth, respectively. And Chelsea and Liverpool are expected to enter the frame eventually after dismal starts to the campaign. Tottenham's sole signing has come in the form of a loan deal for Villarreal winger Arnaut Danjuma after hijacking Everton's move beyond the 11th hour. But the north Londoners will be active as part of what promises to be a hectic deadline day. Express Sport takes a look at all the noise and potential movements... Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League orWomen'ss Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Tottenham will confirm the signing of Sporting Lisbon right-back Pedro Porro today after agreeing sealing a £35million deal on Monday. According to Fabrizio Romano, Porro landed in London on Monday night to complete his medical before becoming a new Spurs player. The club will announce his arrival as Conte's second signing of the window on a contract running until 2028. And the 23-year-old joining Spurs will pave the way for another star to depart. DON'T MISS: Leeds 'contact agents' of Zaniolo as Marsch eyes fourth deal Djed Spence is set to complete a loan move away from Tottenham before tonight's transfer deadline. Minutes have been limited since his £20m arrival from Middlesbrough in the summer, and he is now on the verge of an exit. Gianluca Di Marzio reports Spence has chosen Ligue 1 outfit Stade Rennais as his next club. He will sign on loan for the remainder of the season before returning to Spurs for pre-season in the summer - under Antonio Conte or a new head coach. Spence may be on his way out, but one player who looks likely to remain at Tottenham until the summer is Oliver Skipp. According to football.london, Skipp's prospective loan exit looks off the cards because Pape Matar Sarr is injured. Conte rates Skipp highly and has dismissed any suggestion that he should be allowed to leave this month. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here