An 87-year-old woman was strangled, stabbed and had her cut throat by a failed asylum seeker she let live in her home, a court has heard. Brenda Blainey was brutally murdered by Shahin Darvish-Narenjbon in January last year after Ms Blainey invited him to live in her home in Thornton-le-Dale where she treated him like a grandson. A forensic psychiatrist told the court the defendant was "acutely psychotic" and had paranoid schizophrenia. Nicholas Lumley, prosecuting, described the night of the attack to the court, telling jurors that Ms Blainey was placing an order over the phone with the village shop when the phone went dead. The concerned shopkeeper tried to contact her 12 times but she could not be reached. He told the court they believe this is when the attack occurred. Darvish-Narenjbon strangled Ms Blainey, smashed her head on the kitchen floor, stabbed her in the chest and cut her throat in the brutal murder. The court heard that the two met in Leeds in 2013 when Darvish-Narenjbon was a student when Ms Blainey invited him to live in her home. The Iranian national was born in Tehran and has been in the UK since he was 15 but had also spent time in the US where he attended a psychiatric unit. Darvish-Narenjbon had permission to stay in the UK which expired in 2015, his asylum application was then unsuccessfully followed by an appeal. READ MORE: Mentally ill woman decapitated brother and hid head in wardrobe The friendship between the two was described as a "grandma-grandson" relationship with Ms Blainey providing the defendant with "food and other home comforts" whilst he was studying in Leeds. Ms Blainey even attended his master's degree graduation and provided him with a study and a car, the court heard. Ms Lumley told the court that Ms Blauney became "increasingly frail" and her memory was "failing" towards the end of her life but she still managed to live independently. Following the attack, Darvish-Narenjbon told police he had been asleep and came down to find Ms Baliney in a pool of blood in the kitchen. Ms Lumley told the court: "Ms Blainey's family continue to wonder what truly became of her and why she was killed." A forensic psychiatrist told Leeds Crown Court the defendant was "acutely psychotic" and also has paranoid schizophrenia. Darvish-Narenjbon denied murder but admitted manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility at an earlier hearing, which was accepted by the prosecution. He will be sentenced on Wednesday. Under the current rules, he would be deported if ever released from a secure hospital or prison.