A 23-year-old student has been killed after being hit by a police SUV but Seattle cops have refused to put the officer behind the wheel on leave. The Northeastern University student was hit and later killed by a police cruiser which was responding to a call last week. Jaahnavi Kandula was hit by a Seattle Police Department SUV as she was crossing a heavily-marked crosswalk in the South Lake Union neighbourhood.  The cross-walk is reportedly marked with bright yellow reflective indicators and a large neon sign. It is also surrounded by bike lanes and a wide median. The officer behind the wheel had been responding to a "priority one" call to assist a man who had overdosed on drugs. However, the individual did not need to be taken to the hospital.   Police declared the incident was an accident and the unnamed officer returned to duty shortly after. MailOnline has claimed it is "unclear" if the police car stopped after striking the student. Officers performed CPR on Kandula when they found her at the scene still alive. The fire department then arrived and took over life-saving efforts. However, the 23-year-old died from her injuries while in the hospital the following day. A Seattle Police Department spokesperson said: "At this point in the investigation, we have no reason to believe the officer intended to hit that woman." The department also told DailyMail.com: "We acknowledge that there is understandably tremendous interest in the surrounding facts, but for purposes of both preserving the integrity of the investigation and respecting the family's right to privacy will not be putting out information over and beyond what has already been provided. "We will provide all publicly releasable information, including the report, once we are able to do so, and in consultation with the family." The statement added: "We extend our deepest condolences to Ms. Kandula’s family and friends. "This incident is a terrible tragedy for everyone involved." The officer has not been named or suspended. However, the force revealed they worked at the department since November 2019 and took the following shift off as a "release day" in order to deal with a "traumatic or upsetting" experience. A GoFundMe page has been set up to help her family pay for Kandula's hospital bills and to take care of the college loans taken out for her education. Her family said in a statement: "We are truly heartbroken. Jaahnavi was a brilliant student with a bright future. "Jaahnavi's smile was radiant, and her bubbly personality warmed the hearts of every person she came in contact with. "She had an innate ability to connect with people from all walks of life." 