Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp could be set to hand Cody Gakpo his long-awaited debut when the Reds face Wolves in the FA Cup third round on Saturday evening. Gakpo recently joined the Merseyside giants from Dutch outfit PSV Eindhoven but is yet to feature for his new club, although he could be in line to receive the perfect opportunity to impress against Wolves as Liverpool begin their FA Cup defence under the lights at Anfield.Express Sport takes a look at the Liverpool side that could be tasked with progressing into the fourth round of the competition on Saturday night... Caoimhin Kelleher is widely expected to come into the Liverpool side between the sticks in his role as cup goalkeeper, with Allison Becker likely to be given a well-earned rest for the visit of Wolves. Kelleher has established himself as a solid option for the Reds over the last few years and will be looking to produce another commanding performance in goal to maintain Liverpool's hopes of securing back-to-back FA Cup titles this season.The Irishman managed to keep one clean sheet from two Carabao Cup appearances earlier in the campaign, although he conceded three goals against Manchester City as Liverpool were dumped out in the fourth round just before Christmas. He will be expecting to receive yet another stern test when Wolves come to Anfield, with the likes of Matheus Cunha and Raul Jimenez likely to be given the nod in attack for the visitors. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Andrew Robertson could be the only Liverpool regular in their back four against Wolves, with Klopp expected to hand starts to a number of fringe players rather than going full-strength in the FA Cup third round. Summer signing Calvin Ramsay could be selected to feature on the right-hand side of defence, with Joe Gomez in line to play through the middle.Nathaniel Phillips, meanwhile, could join Gomez at centre-back as he looks to stake his claim for more Premier League minutes by putting in a good performance over the course of the match. It seems unlikely that Joel Matip and Trent Alexander-Arnold will be risked on Saturday evening, with their match load and fatigue set to play a role in Klopp's thinking when he decides his starting team against Wolves. Liverpool may also be inclined to rotate in midfield, although Jordan Henderson could be tasked with holding things down in the middle of the park in his usual defensive-minded role. The England ace will be expected to put his leadership qualities to good use in order to help out the less experienced players around him, while his defensive strengths will also be helpful in keeping Wolves at arm's length.Henderson may be joined in the engine room by Naby Keita, who will be involved in some capacity if he is declared fit to play after missing training on Thursday, while Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain could be drafted in to facilitate the transition from defence to attack with another start against Wolves. Follow our new Express Sport page on Instagram here. All eyes will be on Gakpo if he is given the opportunity to make his Liverpool debut against Wolves, with the Dutchman eager to impress after his move to Anfield was confirmed at the start of this month. He trained with the rest of his team-mates earlier this week and will be desperate to stamp his authority at the very first opportunity with a fruitful performance at the top of the pitch.Gakpo is likely to form part of a relatively strong front three, with Mohamed Salah in line to feature on the other wing behind the returning Roberto Firmino in the central striking role. The latter has already scored a total of seven Premier League goals this season and will shoulder the majority of his side's attacking burden once again in the event Darwin Nunez is given a well-deserved breather.Possible Liverpool XI: Kelleher; Ramsay, Gomez, Phillips, Robertson; Henderson, Keita, Oxlade-Chamberlain; Gakpo, Firmino, Salah.