Prince Harry has claimed that Prince William argued about him having a beard for his wedding to Meghan Markle and even ordered him to shave it. During his ITV interview with Tom Bradby ahead of the UK release of his autobiography Spare, Harry goes into great detail about his relationship with his older brother. While the Queen was happy for Harry to keep his beard ahead of his 2018 wedding to Meghan Markle, it seems William had other ideas. He alleges that William argued with him for a week about keeping the beard for his wedding then ordered him to shave it off. Harry refers to the issue as being linked to the relationship between the "heir and the spare". He said: "There's a level of competition there, and I remember that William had a beard himself and that Granny and the others told him that he had to shave it off.    "The difference for me, as I explained to my grandmother, is that this beard felt to me at the time like the new Harry, as almost a shield to my anxiety." Harry also admits that there was some "stereotyping" about his wife amongst the Firm due to her being an American actress. When asked to elaborate he responded: "It felt to me as though that stereotyping was causing a bit of a barrier to them really welcoming her in.  READ MORE: Duke set for explosive 60 Minutes with Anderson Cooper "American actress, divorced, biracial, there's all different parts to that and what that can mean but if you are reading the press (like a lot of my family do), the British tabloids at the same time as living the life, then there is a tendency that you could end up living in the tabloid bubble rather than the actual reality." Spare also recounts an incident where Meghan was initially accused of making Kate cry over a dispute regarding bridesmaid dresses. It was however reportedly the other way round, with the Princess of Wales later coming over with flowers to apologise.  DON'T MISS:Prince Harry dismisses royal mantra as he claims 'lots of complaining' [LATEST]Harry says it 'did not need to be' like this in his ITV interview [REVEAL]Prince Harry speaks out on Andrew involvement with Jeffrey Epstein [SPOTLIGHT] Kate also apparently hit out at Meghan when she made a comment about the princess's forgetfulness, suggesting it could be down to so-called "baby brain". This conversation took place just two months after Kate had given birth to Prince Louis. The Princess of Wales did not take kindly to the comment, saying her and the Duchess of Sussex were not close enough for her to talk about her hormones.  