Many older Britons are struggling with the rising cost of living on a limited income. However, as bills soar and prices are hiked, the Government is stepping in to provide some help. This week, it has been announced the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) will be administering new cost of living payments. While exact dates are yet to be confirmed, Britons can expect the following: A new £900 boost will be due for over eight million eligible means-tested benefit claimants, £150 for disabled people and £300 for pensioners. Those in receipt of Pension Credit will be eligible for the £900 payment, but many are not claiming despite being entitled. READ MORE: DWP urges Britons to check they are getting right support Laura Suter, head of personal finance at AJ Bell, said: “Almost a million pensioner households could miss out on the extra Government support this year if they aren’t signed up to receive Pension Credit when they’re entitled to do so. “The Government estimates 850,000 households are eligible for the benefit but don’t claim it. “This means they face a double whammy of missing out on the benefit, as well as the £900 cost of living support payment.” Ms Suter explained a general “rule of thumb” which applies to pensioner income. DON'T MISSPremium Bonds winner in 'disbelief' after £1million prize win [UPDATE]Millions of Britons to get up to £1,350 in cost of living support [INSIGHT]State pension age may rise ‘earlier than planned’ [LATEST]  She stated any single pensioner who has an income of less than £200, or a couple less than £300, a week should check if they are entitled to more support. This can be done through a variety of means. Primarily, Britons can check through the Pension Credit checker on the Government website. Alternatively, individuals could turn to a free-to-use Pension Credit calculator from charities such as Turn2Us or Citizens Advice. READ MORE: Dragons' Den rejected business idea now worth £2m Ms Suter added: “While anyone eligible for Pension Credit has missed the cut-off to be able to claim last year’s £650 cost of living support, they are still in time to claim this year’s help. “An added incentive for those who are eligible for Pension Credit but not claiming it, is that they can backdate their claim for three months, meaning they get a windfall payment for their missing benefits too.” Although cost of living payments are likely to provide significant help, Britons are being warned these have a “shelf life”. As a result, people are encouraged to start thinking about their finances going forward. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Myron Jobson, senior personal finance analyst at interactive investor, added: “It remains important to have a comprehensive understanding of your financial position. “Make the necessary adjustments to ensure that your financial position holds strong long after the cost of living measures expire. “The fact remains that individuals will have to do most of the heavy lifting to fortify their finances. “If you don’t have a budget, now is a good time to start – and stick with it.”