Albanian people smugglers have been telling their “clients” that industrial action was the ideal time to use fake EU passports, rather than trying to cross the Channel in small boats. They claimed strikes by UK Border Force officers meant fewer checks and more opportunities to slip into the UK using sophisticated fake European passports and identity cards.  The latest fakes allegedly include forged “biometrics”. There were eight days of Border Force strikes at airports over the Christmas period. Unions have threatened further strikes which could spread to ports, including Dover. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak announced new measures last week to deter Albanians from making the crossings. This includes new legislation by the end of February to increase the number of weekly flights deporting people to Albania. He also pledged Border Force officers based at the capital Tirana’s airport, the recruitment of 400 specialists to speed up Albanian asylum applications and new guidance to asylum caseworkers that Albania is a “safe country”, meaning the majority of claims would be rejected. According to the Home Office, 45,728 people crossed the Channel in small boats to illegally enter the country last year. Around a third were found to be Albanian nationals, mainly men. A Sunday Express investigation identified an Albanian group on messaging platform Telegram with the name “Journey to England,” which is offering fake passports from Norway, Italy, Greece, Bulgaria, Malta, Portugal and Slovenia, which it claims have got people into the UK. An undercover reporter, posing as an Albanian national, asked about the price of a fake EUpassport. The response was: “2,600 Euros for one passport. They are with original details and of good quality. You have to get to Italy. From there we send the people. Now it is good time.  “Less checks at the UK airports. So easy to get out of the airports”. A National Crime Agency spokesman said it had “an action plan with social media companies which has resulted in greater collaboration against groups using social media to recruit, communicate and advertise services to migrants”. The Home Office said: “We have some of the most robust border controls in the world and our officers have an array of tools to prevent people using fraudulent documents entering the UK.” A TikTok spokesman said: “We prohibit content that facilitates people smuggling or illegal immigration. We work closely with UK law enforcement and industry partners on this issue.” 