Fans were shocked by the move, which came after former Britain's Got Talent judge David Walliams left the panel following leaked controversial remarks from the comedian. Bruno Tonioli was a stalwart judge on Strictly Come Dancing until the pandemic hit and forced him to remain in the US due to travel restrictions. He was later replaced permanently by Anton Du Beke. Taking a swipe at the dance competition, Bruno has since insisted that the ITV talent show is "the biggest on TV". It's now been confirmed Bruno will join Alesha Dixon, Amanda Holden, and Simon Cowell on the ITV staple. Auditions began this week, where Bruno made his Britain's Got Talent debut. He has since spoken out about his first experience on the show, stating: "This is the biggest show on British TV, now that I’m here. “I mean it. Oh, Simon is going to hate that I’ve said that — but oh well." READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row The 67-year-old went on to acknowledge his time on Strictly Come Dancing. "I have nothing bad to say about Strictly, it changed my life," he remarked. Speaking to The Sun, he added: "This is completely different and it’s a completely different sort of judging. "The range of this show, you see things that you have no idea are coming. "I have been in showbiz for 50 years now and I’ve worked with everyone from Tina Turner and French and Saunders to Michael Caine, so I know when something works and I know why it works." Dancing legend Bruno was a judge on Strictly Come Dancing from series one in 2004 until 2019. Now in its 16th series, Britain's Got Talent is set to return bigger than ever before. DON'T MISS... Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ Richard Cawood will die after tragic clue [THEORY]The Apprentice star argues Lord Sugar 'shouldn't have' fired him [EXCLUSIVE]Love Island's Lana 'to walk' as Ron moves on with newcomer Ellie [VIDEO] Bruno was known for his animated and excitable responses to performances on Strictly, and it seems he will be taking that energy into the ITV show. Bruno has clearly moved on from his time on the dance show, and fans will see him in a new light as he watches people taking to the stage to sing, perform magic, do comedy routines and more. More acts will be battling it out for the chance to scoop the massive £250,000 prize and perform to royalty at the prestigious Royal Variety Performance. Last year, David stepped down from Britain’s Got Talent after apologising for making vile remarks about two contestants during auditions at the London Palladium in January 2020. In recordings, David can be heard calling an older contestant a “c**t” three times after they made a joke about them in a comedy routine. In a separate incident, he made inappropriate comments about a female contestant. He’s reported to have said: “She’s like the slightly boring girl you meet in the pub that thinks you want to f*** them, but you don’t.” “It’s the last thing on your mind, but she’s like, ‘Yep, I bet you do. No I don’t! I had a bit of a b***r, but now it’s going, it’s now shrivelled up inside my body.'" Britain's Got Talent returns to ITV later this year.