The NHS has an annual mind-boggling budget of £160.4billion. Yet all political parties are mired in a hideous bout of grandstanding, promising to send endless bundles of extra money to the NHS, without even touching on the idea of an audit trail or a rigorous review of how and where the money would be spent. But there’s no economic theory that says if you turn on the cash taps you always get a better product – because it doesn’t exist. Giving Kellogg’s more money doesn’t mean their cornflakes will taste better, and more money going to Bosch won’t automatically improve their dishwashers. It’s about how the money is spent – and that’s the downfall of the NHS money pit. Therefore, as we face the worst crisis in the history of the NHS, it is essential to swallow some unpalatable medicine. Firstly, admit the health service is broken. The PM and his front bench team need to stop talking about how more money is being spent than ever before, how it is still struggling post Covid, how waiting lists are being tackled and there’s a lot of nasty flu about. Ask anyone who’s had to visit an A&E unit this winter and they will rightly scoff at that lame litany of excuses. Then talk to any of the 7.2 million people currently on the waiting list. And finally add in the fact that 50,000 more people than normal have died over the past 12 months – in part due to delays in health care – and the gravity of the situation gets even starker. Candidly, Rishi Sunak and his embattled Health Secretary Steve Barclay insult our intelligence by pretending the situation is improving when figures such as those drop. Thousands are mourning, in some instances unnecessarily, because of this self-induced torpor and a stubborn refusal to accept the NHS is buckling under the pressure. Obviously telling the truth would be an admission of abject failure, so instead we go on being handed this risible nonsense. Labour fares little better. Sir Keir Starmer talks about how rosy things were when Labour was last in power, conveniently forgetting how it left the country bankrupt. The population has grown more than six million in the intervening years, and aside from parroting the line “all parties need to start talking”, the Labour leader seems to have little idea about how he would fix the shambles. Interestingly, it seems that only when their appetite for power is quenched are politicians able to look at radical treatment for the NHS. Former Conservative health secretary Ken Clarke suggested last week that perhaps it was time to levy charges to see a GP, and have some people pay for minor operations. The taste for revolution clearly only develops when you exit the House. As everyone agrees the NHS is a suitable case for treatment, here’s a few ideas for starters. Get GP surgeries open evenings and weekends. While I know there are many doctors who go above and beyond, too many of the callers to my breakfast radio show report being unable to get an appointment outside of regular hours and even then many experience a wait of days. Guess what, people get sick at night and on the weekend and if we have a service to tackle that we will halt countless visits to A&E. After all, with a sick child, what choice does a parent have but to go to casualty? Embrace the private sector as an ally, not an enemy. For the most needy in society we must have an NHS that is free. But why can’t models based on an insurance system – as seen in countries such as France and Germany – at least be explored? Also, the NHS currently swallows up around £3billion a week. It is ludicrous not to accept that significant savings can be made. Most things that reach 75 require some love and attention, so in short, anything and everything should be considered as part of a remedy for our ailing NHS. Secondary school in Essex has banned all physical contact between pupils, including handshakes and hugs, as they say they want “to encourage teenagers to behave like future employers would want”. The Hylands School, Chelmsford, has even threatened to hand out detentions or “all-day isolations” to those who break the rules. What utter insanity. What employer wants an emotionally stunted young person on their books who fears being stuck in a room on their own if they slap a friend on the back ? The Church of England is to set up a £100million fund to provide compensation after it has accepted it benefitted historically from the slave trade. Seeing as every church I have ever known has been forced to hold cake sales and raffles to raise money for everything from dangerous spires to toys and books for the Sunday school, this is an extraordinary amount of cash. So you might remember this next time the collection plate comes round. Also, might the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby do better to look at why the number of people in his churches in this country was so low again today instead of playing up to the woke agenda of centuries past?