With some big price increases expected to hit millions of UK homes in the spring, it's a very good period to check your contract and get the price of your broadband reduced. Luckily, now is a very good time to go shopping for a new deal with BT and Virgin Media both launching January sale events that offer 50 percent off the usual price. That means you'll get speedy internet beamed into your home for under £15.25 per month. There are a number of different options with BT offering the lowest price for broadband but Virgin whizzing the web into living rooms at faster speeds. For example, you can currently sign up for BT's entry-level Fibre Essential service and pay just £14.49 per month which is ludicrously cheap. However, that price plan only includes downloads at speeds of around 36Mbps which might not be fast enough for busy homes that spend hours downloading music, movies and games. That's where Virgin's new plan might sound a little more enticing with the firm launching a deal that includes superfast 350Mbps downloads for just £15 per month. As a quick comparison, a 4K film will take around 14 minutes to download via a standard 36Mbps connection but this improves to just 2 minutes when switching to a 300Mbps plan. The BT and Virgin discounts are pretty epic but like all things in life, there is a catch. The half-price reduction only lasts for the first six months of the plan before rising back to the standard price. READ MORE: Urgent UK broadband alert issued to all homes and ignoring it will be costly If that hasn't put you off then here are all the best half-price deals from BT and Virgin. BT BROADBAND DEALS BT Fibre Essential • £14.49INCLUDES: 36Mbps downloads, Stay Fast GuaranteeCONTRACT: 24 monthsOFFER: Six months half price (then pay £28.99) no upfront fee to paySEE THE DEAL HERE BT Fibre 2 • £16.99INCLUDES: 73Mbps downloads, Stay Fast GuaranteeCONTRACT: 24 monthsOFFER: Six months half price (then pay £33.99) no upfront fee to paySEE THE DEAL HERE VIRGIN MEDIA DEAL Virgin Media Fibre M350 • £15INCLUDES: 362Mbps downloads, Intelligent WiFi TechnologyCONTRACT: 24 monthsOFFER: Six months half price (then pay £30) no upfront fee to paySEE THE DEAL HERE As we mentioned almost all of the major ISPs are going to hike costs in April 2023 with some bills going up by as much as 15 percent. Clearly, the bigger your bill now, the more it will go up by once the increases come into force. For example, if your broadband price is currently £60 - expect to pay £69 after April, however, slash your internet plan down to £25 and the hike will cost you just £3.75 more. This is why it's vital consumers shop around and switch to something cheaper as soon as possible.