Noah Schnapp, who is just 18, came out as gay to fans yesterday afternoon, admitting that fear had kept him in the closet previously. Stranger Things star Noah joked that he shares more similarities with his closeted gay onscreen character, Will Byers, than anyone had first thought. His eyes shining with tears, the emotional star took to TikTok to film an emotional and intimate video while lying on his bed at home. The actor captioned his clip: "When I finally told my friends and family I was gay after being scared in the closet for 18 years and all they said was 'we know'!" Relieved-looking Noah combined the statement with footage of himself mouthing a woman's words saying: "You know it never was that serious, it was never that serious, quite frankly we will never be that serious!" He then quipped: "I guess I'm more similar to Will Byers than I thought!" READ NOW: Strictly tension as Hamza 'unfollows Giovanni amid dates with Jowita' The multiple award-winning supernatural drama series - which also features the likes of Winona Ryder - tells the story of mind control, psychokinesis and a secret scientific research lab using human subjects. Alongside the sci-fi subject matter, there's a more conventional storyline within the show too - Will's romantic feelings towards his best friend Mike Wheeler (Finn Wolfhard). However, Will's feelings are not reciprocated by Mike, who is in love with telepathic teen Eleven (played by Millie Bobby Brown). Following the season four storyline, Noah has made it clear that the character is "100% gay". "Obviously, it was hinted at in Season 1," he revealed to Variety magazine. "It was always kind of there, but you never really knew, is it just him growing up slower than his friends? "Now that he's gotten older, they made it a very real, obvious thing." He added: "Now it's 100% clear that he is gay and he does love Mike. But before, it was a slow arc." Meanwhile, Noah's own life has followed the same trajectory, with him choosing now to finally come out as a gay man. DON'T MISS... Dan Walker left 'struggling' over Harry and William row [DEBATE] Kim Kardashian claims she was invited to be on I'm A Celeb [LATEST] Karren Brady says Camilla 'won her over' with cause 'close to heart' [OPINION]  He had previously felt he had to keep his character's sexuality as much of a secret as his own had been, as producers were pacing his development very slowly. Noah admitted that Will, like him, had been "scared" to reveal his true self, as he was already being shunned by his friends after being taken by a demonic entity known as the Demogorgon. Naturally, his real life situation is far less dramatic in certain ways. However, Noah - who started out in Stranger Things aged just 11 - is already becoming a role model for gay teens. One Twitter user keen to find representation gushed that they were "SO happy" to learn that "a gay person is playing a canon gay character in one of the biggest tv shows in the world". Meanwhile, Noah has already received support from within the celebrity world as well, with N-Sync singer Lance Bass - who didn't come out himself until he was in his late 20s, back in 2006 - praising his courage. "Welcome to the fam!" he wrote on TikTok, quipping jokily: "Your welcome basket is in the mail!"