A greasy, dirty oven can make your house smell whenever your oven is switched on. Not only that but the food you’re cooking inside the oven will absorb the fumes which could cause a bad taste in your mouth. Not cleaning your oven can also make it inefficient and will affect your food’s cooking quality too. With this in mind, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their simple solution for cleaning grubby ovens. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. READ MORE: Four ‘vital’ mistakes to avoid a house sale ‘falling through’ On one group, Facebook user Sylvia Innes posted: “What is the best way to clean inside a very neglected oven?” The post was flooded with responses but the most suggested comment was to use Oven Pride. Elsie Haggerty said: “Oven Pride. Get the one with the plastic bag for your shelves and the ladder type thing that the shelf goes into. “I pop mine outside overnight and turn it over a few times.” DON'T MISSTime of day when cost of doing laundry can be '50%' cheaper [INSIGHT]Latest Government laws on wood burning stoves - avoid £1,000 fine [UPDATE]Ivy is ‘extremely invasive’ - ‘effective’ method to kill ivy ‘quickly’ [ANALYSIS] Linda Brewster Hindmarch agreed and replied: “Oven Pride oven cleaner.” Vanessa Farmer wrote: “Oven Pride. If you can leave overnight.” Lisa Dayman wrote: “Oven Pride and a Brillo pad.” Tessa Jackson said: “I use Oven Pride and it works well.” Chrissie Dykes responded: “Oven Pride - I love it. I am fortunate that my oven and grill door slide out so both go into the bag. “I leave it overnight and rinse it in the morning and do the same with the racks.” READ MORE: 'Cheap' but 'effective' household item to clean your entire bathroom Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Oven Pride is available to buy in most supermarkets for under £5, if you don’t already own it. Oven Pride Oven Cleaning System costs £4 in Morrisons, Sainsbury’s, Waitrose and Asda. Tesco sells the product for £3.49. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included hiring a professional, using dishwasher tablets, Astonish oven cream or Mr Muscle. Rona Gordon said: “Hi Sylvia, Mr Muscle oven cleaner is very good.” Leah Holman suggested: “If you can afford it, I'd hire a professional oven cleaner. They have the tools for a heavy clean such as this.” Sharon Stoddart responded to the social media post: “Astonish oven cream and sponge wire pads.” MK Moseley commented: “Warm the oven and use dishwashing tablets? I haven't tried on an oven but did use it for a toaster oven and it worked good.”