Tory MP Jonathan Gullis, the MP for Stoke-on-Trent North, has demanded that a local Labour councillor, Jo Woolner, steps aside from her role of chairing the city council standards committee after she was arrested following accusations she punched an emergency worker. The Red Wall MP said Cllr Woolner could not remain in her post until the police investigation is completed into the incident at a local pub last weekend. He told Express.co.uk: "This disgusting behaviour, which allegedly included an attack on one of our heroic emergency workers, is totally unacceptable, especially from someone elected to represent our mighty city, and sits in the privileged position as chair of the Standards Committee. "I hope all Labour Councillors will join me in demanding Cllr Woolner steps aside as Chair of the committee, and suspend her from the Labour Party until any invesigation is complete. Labour should also make it clear that Cllr Woolner will not run for re-election this May as the Labour Party candidate if the allegations are proven to be true." Labour has confirmed that Cllr Woolner will be suspended from the party over the allegations. A spokeswoman for Staffordshire Police has confirmed that they have appealed for witnesses. She said: “We were called to a report of disorder on Regent Road, Hanley at around 12:10am on Saturday 7 January. “Officers attended and a 54-year-old woman, from Stoke-on-Trent, was arrested on suspicion of being drunk and disorderly in a public place and assaulting an emergency worker. “The woman has been released under investigation pending further enquiries. “Anyone with any information should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter quoting incident number 7 of 7 January, call 101 or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.” READ MORE: Warning of 'environmental catastrophe waiting to be discovered'  Express.co.uk has contacted the Labour Party and Cllr Woolner for comment. A Labour source confirmed that Cllr Woolner has been suspended from the party. 