The Love Island trailer features brand new host Maya Jama on a bejewelled bucking bronco as she tells viewers it is "time to grab love by the horns". The series will be landing on ITV this month and the full trailer will be aired on the broadcaster tonight. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton unrecognisable after transformation The trailer will be dropped on ITV during tonight's broadcast of the James Bond film No Time To Die. Maya took to Instagram in recent months to share her excitement about hosting the ninth series of Love Island. The 28-year-old penned: "I've always been such a massive Love Island fan and I'm so excited to be hosting one of the nation's favourite shows! "I can't wait to get into the villa to meet all of the islanders."  The trailer will be dropped on ITV during tonight's broadcast of the James Bond film No Time To Die.  Maya took to Instagram in recent months to share her excitement about hosting the ninth series of Love Island.  The 28-year-old penned: "I've always been such a massive Love Island fan and I'm so excited to be hosting one of the nation's favourite shows!  "I can't wait to get into the villa to meet all of the islanders."  Paul Mortimer, director of reality programming and acquisitions at ITV2, said finding a replacement for Laura Whitmore "was never going to be easy". However, he shared: "In Maya Jama though, we have another high-profile fan of the show who'll be a great addition to the Love Island family. "Cool, charming and charismatic, I speak for us all when I say Maya will also bring a unique presenting style to the show, as did Laura and, of course, the very much missed Caroline Flack. We're very pleased to have her on board." Bosses announced social media will be taken away from this year's Love Island contestants while they are inside the villa as part of the new duty of care measures. DON'T MISS... Love Island star forced to eat pizza instead of 1k Christmas lunch [LATEST]Love Island will have new social media rule for contestants [UPDATE]Love Island villa set for Gladiator 'makeover' in new series  [INSIGHT] The Islanders will also receive training and advice around mutually respectful behaviour in relationships. Consulting psychologist Dr Matthew Gould shared in a statement: "The bold decision to pause Islanders' social media activity during the new series is a testament to ITV's serious intent, especially as this input provides both a benefit to the appeal of the programme and a potential source of mental health problems." Former host Laura addressed her decision to quit Love Island in a recent interview with Psychologies Magazine. "There was only so much I could do as a host,” the 37-year-old presenter explained. “I couldn’t support [the contestants] or not support them. I couldn’t say anything.  “If I could [have done] things the way I wanted to, I’d probably still be doing it," Laura added. However, Laura said she is "delighted" for Maya to take over from her on the programme. The full lineup for the upcoming series is yet to be announced but fans can expect to see cast updates in January. Love Island will begin airing on January 16 on ITV2. 