Ireland Baldwin, 27, revealed yesterday that she was expecting a baby in an Instagram post shared in view of her 679,000 followers. Alec Baldwin’s daughter proudly announced the happy news while wishing fans a Happy New Year. She simply shared a photo of a sonogram projected on an ultrasound machine and tagged her boyfriend RAC, born Andre Allen Anjos. Alec was quick to react to the news, taking to the post’s comments section to comment: “Amazing…” Ireland’s famous friends and thousands of fans also shared their happiness about the big news. Billionaire heiress Paris Hilton wrote: “Congratulations love!” along with a string of love heart emojis. Justin Bieber’s wife, Hailey, simply stated: “Cryin.” Bruce Willis’ daughter, Rumer, who recently announced she was pregnant: “Yay can’t wait to meet you little one.” Ireland’s pregnancy announcement comes after Alec’s wife, Hilaria, shared the family's first portrait featuring all seven of their children, but noted Ireland was missing from the shot. Alec and Hilaria looked overjoyed in the October post as they posed surrounded by their seven children in the first picture to include every member of their large family. Hilaria gave birth to the couple’s daughter Ilaria in September and could be seen cradling the tiny baby in her arms. In her caption, Hilaria pointed out that Ireland Baldwin, Alec's 26-year-old daughter from his marriage to Kim Basinger, wasn't included in the photo. She told her 979,000 followers: “Our first photo with the smallest Baldwins! What a Baldwinito dream team. “Ireland, you are missed and loved,” she added, before giving a shout-out to professional photographer Eroula Dimitriou. DON'T MISS...Stacey Dooley faces 'drama' at home with Kevin before giving birth [LATEST]Only Fools and Horses' Sue Holderness suffered near alligator attack [EXCLUSIVE]Paula Abdul looks decades younger as fans question photoshop fail [PHOTOS] “Now my love letter to @roushoots: 20 years of friendship, you have captured memories of my family since we was pregnant with Rafa. We are grateful to you,” she penned. “Mama, artist, one tough cookie, multi human… Rou makes it a joy to take maternity and family photos. “She has the patience of a saint, the calm of a wise woman, and the touch of a mama.” Hilaria signed off the post by saying: “We love you. Check her out and give some love.” In the picture, Hilaria looked positively glowing in a white satin slip dress with a lacy top, while many of the other children also wore white. Meanwhile, Alec wore a black shirt and dark trousers with black socks. Alec and Hilaria’s other children include Carmen, nine, Rafael, seven, Leonardo, five, Romeo, four, Eduardo, almost two, and Lucia, 18 months.