The Princess of Wales is passionate about child development and, over the weekend, announced the launch of her new campaign as part of The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood. The royal released a letter detailing the campaign whereas today, she shared a short video clip to social media. The video was posted on The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood's Twitter page, accompanied by the caption: "'By focusing our collective time, energy and resources on these most preventative years, we can make a huge difference'. "Find out from The Princess of Wales why we've launched #ShapingUs and what we hope to achieve through this important work. @KensingtonRoyal." In the clip, Kate donned a dark green blazer with tortoiseshell buttons over a plain black top. Her brunette locks were tousled in their usual waves, falling over the Princess' shoulders. Her make-up look was subtle but enhanced Kate's natural features, emphasising her dark brows, long lashes, and eye cheekbones. But what stood out the most was Kate's jewellery: she wore gold hoop earrings and a gold necklace. The necklace's chain was fine and featured a tiny pendant in the shape of a 'C'. This seemed to be in reference to her name, Catherine - fitting for a video introducing a campaign that is close to her heart. This doesn't seem to be a necklace Kate has worn before, but personalised jewellery is not a new trend for her.  Back in 2021, when Kate announced the launch of The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Development, she once again released a video. In it, she wore a white ribbed top with a gold pendant necklace. On the pendant, the initials of her three children, George, Charlotte, and Louis, were engraved. The necklace was the Gold Diamond Midnight Moon Necklace by Daniella Draper, which currently retails for a huge £1,050. Speaking to People in 2021, Daniella said: "The Duchess of Cambridge is an incredible role model - I look up to her as a young woman and a mother.  "Seeing her wearing one of my designs was a very proud moment. Everyone in the workshop thinks it's just amazing. It's good morale. "It's a piece that I designed with myself in mind. I wear it every day, as do my mum and sister. It's becoming one of our best sellers and it can be personalised in so many ways." The Princess of Wales owns more than one gold, personalised necklace - another of her favourites is a chain with three tiny pendants hanging from it, each one engraved with each of her children's initials. The jewel is by Irish designer All the Falling Stars and is reminiscent of Meghan Markle's gold necklace. The Duchess of Sussex wore a fine, gold chain with tiny 'M' and 'H' gold letters on it. The piece was by Californian jewellery designer Maya Brenner. She first started wearing it back in 2016, when she and Harry started dating - hinting to the world what was to come. Meghan also wore the necklace following her and Harry's wedding, including to the Invictus Games in October 2018. The necklace's delicate chain and small letters are very similar to the design Kate wore in the video released today, demonstrating her and Meghan's love for monogrammed jewellery.