Anthony Joshua’s next opponent Jermaine Franklin has broken his silence since the announcement that negotiations have begun to stage a clash between him and the Watford powerhouse. Express Sport understands that talks are progressing quickly with an agreement thought to be close. Franklin had been promised the AJ fight providing he beat Dillian Whyte when the pair squared off in November but after losing a razor-close split decision all hope seemed to be lost. That was until, reports emerged that The 989 Assassin was among the frontrunners to face Joshua in his return to the ring following back-to-back losses to Oleksandr Usyk. This was then followed up by confirmation from Franklin’s promoter Dmitriy Salita that talks have begun between both parties. Sources have told Express Sport that the American has been offered a guaranteed purse of around £800,000 for the fight which is set to take place on April 1 at the O2 Arena. In addition to his guaranteed purse, Franklin will also be entitled to a chunk of the PPV sale having previously received a 30 per cent split against Whyte. Considering the eyes that Joshua draws in with every one of his fights, sources suggest that Franklin may be in for a staggering £2million payday if the contracts get signed. Struggling to contain his excitement, Franklin took to Twitter to deliver an impassioned message. “I’m ready. Time to give the fans what they want. Two great boxers who want to put the fans interest first, USA vs UK. #peoplechampvsformerchamp #anthonyjoshua @SalitaProm @matchroomboxing @DAZNBoxing,” he tweeted. Speaking on behalf of his fighter, promoter Salita told Sky Sports: "Yes, Jermaine is excited about the opportunity to once again show the British boxing fans that he is the best American heavyweight in the world. MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul vs KSI hits roadblock as American sets out condition for UK fight Heavyweight Vianello suffers gruesome cut to leave fans in horror Fury vs Joshua gets new potential fight date with Hearn open to talks "As you saw in the Whyte fight, Jermaine is not intimidated by a big name even if it's thousands of miles away from home. His mindset is to be the heavyweight champion of the world. Beat Joshua, beat Whyte in the rematch and fight the winner of Fury vs Usyk." However, Franklin is not the only fighter in consideration for Joshua’s next fight. If a deal cannot be completed, then Eddie Hearn has also mentioned Zhang Zhilei, Filip Hrgovic, Otto Wallin and Demsey McKean in the same conversation. Meanwhile, Gerald Washington has also emerged as an unlikely outsider with trainer Malik Scott confirming that contact has been made to enquire about the gatekeeper’s services.