The January transfer window gives clubs the perfect opportunity to plug holes in their squad and bolster their ranks to achieve their respective targets. However, the one month of drama also leads to panic buys. Clubs frantically act in the window, in fear that a lack of business could see them miss out and fall down the table. January also marks when players are available to sign pre-contract agreements, which forces the hand of some clubs. The window provides teams with a last chance to cash in on assets that are refusing to pen further deals, which combined with panic purchasing, can be a recipe for disaster. Express Sport takes a look at every club’s worst January signing. AFC Bournemouth – Lewis Grabban In their first January window in the Premier League, Bournemouth knew they would need to invest whenever possible – but forking out £8m on Lewis Grabban was nothing short of a waste of funds. The striker had scored one goal in six appearances for Norwich prior to his move, and that was deemed good enough to justify a move. He scored twice in 22 appearances under Eddie Howe. Arsenal – Kim Kallstrom Arsene Wenger pushed to sign Kim Kallstrom on loan in 2014 to provide cover in the centre of the park, despite the player arriving with a fractured vertebrae. The Swedish international made just four appearances for the club in all competitions before returning to Russia. Aston Villa – Jean Makoun Midfielder Jean Makoun was purchased from Lyon in a deal worth £6.2million, with then-boss Gerard Houllier pleased with the arrival. However, the Cameroon international made just nine appearances for the club, which included poor performances against Everton and Newcastle. He was soon moved on. Brentford – Neil Shipperley Back in 2007, Brentford took a chance on signing free agent Neil Shipperley after his contract with Sheffield United was terminated. What a mistake that was, with the forward arriving at the club unfit and unable to find the back of the net. He retired after making 11 appearances for the Bees. Brighton and Hove Albion – Jurgen Locadia Brighton’s recruitment has mesmerised over the past few years, though signing Jurgen Locadia in 2018 for £15m remains poor business. The Dutchman joined the club from PSV in flying form but managed just three goals in 35 appearances in all appearances, looking stripped of his speed and clinical edge that made him an exciting arrival. Chelsea – Maniche For his debut alone, Maniche’s loan move from Dynamo Moscow to Chelsea in 2006 deserves a mention. Up against West Ham, the midfielder missed a sitter before getting shown a straight red card within the first 17 minutes of the match – setting the tone for his time at the club. He did not register enough appearances to receive a title winner’s medal weeks before the Blues refused to activate the buyout clause in his contract. Crystal Palace – Jordan Mutch Forking out almost £5m for a player was significant for Crystal Palace in 2015, though Jordan Mutch was deemed worthy of that value. The midfielder spent four years at Selhurst Park but consistently struggled for form when called upon, leading him to spend time on loan at Reading and in the MLS. Everton – Cenk Tosun It is somewhat forgotten amongst Everton’s awful transfer business over the years that they coughed up £30m for Turkey international Cenk Tosun. The striker scored five in his debut campaign at the club but he fell out of favour quickly after that, with loan spells failing to get his career back on track either. Fulham – Kostas Mitroglou Greek striker Kostas Mitroglou was signed in 2014 for £12m and looked a force to be reckoned with physically. But he was anything but that, failing to find the back of the net in his three appearances for the club. Leeds United – Jean-Kevin Augustin Leeds looked like they had landed the jackpot when they fended off interest from several top sides to sign Jean-Kevin Augustin from RB Leipzig. However, his three appearances and zero goals tell the whole story for the forward as he struggled with injuries and the limelight at Elland Road. Leicester City – Andrej Kramaric Despite being a solid striker nowadays, Andrej Kramaric flopped at Leicester in 2015 after becoming their club-record signing. The striker scored four goals over the course of a year with the Foxes and was quickly cashed in on. Liverpool – Andy Carroll One of the most obvious candidates for ‘worst January signings’, Liverpool forking out £35m to Newcastle to replace Fernando Torres with Andy Carroll still sparks a snigger. The target man scored six in 44 league appearances for the club. Manchester City – Wilfried Bony Harsh? Maybe. But Manchester City are short of poor signings and the acquisition of Wilfried Bony from Stoke in 2015 left plenty to be desired. Despite his £28m price tag, he was soon loaned back to the Liberty Stadium. Manchester United – Alexis Sanchez With just six months left of his contract at Arsenal, Alexis Sanchez was told to find a way out of the Emirates Stadium. The Chilean was not short of suitors given that he was one of the Premier League’s best players at that stage, but he crumbled after joining Manchester United. The forward scored three in two seasons at Old Trafford and looked like a shadow of his former self, with his huge wages causing several issues in future windows. Newcastle United – Jean-Alain Boumsong In the summer of 2004, Jean-Alain Boumsong was available on a free transfer. Six months on, Newcastle forked out £8m for his services under Graeme Souness. The signing was so bizarre that it was a key talking point in the Stevens inquiry, that looked into football corruption. Nottingham Forest – Rafik Djebbour Rafik Djebbour arrived at Nottingham Forest in 2014 from Olympiacos and truly struggled. He scored on his debut against Yeovil but made just six further appearances for the club, seeing his contract expired at the end of the season allowing him to head back to Greece. Southampton – Guido Carrillo Shortly after receiving £75m from Liverpool for Virgil van Dijk, Southampton decided to bolster their attacking ranks with a significant move for Monaco’s Guido Carrillo. They paid £19m for his services but he made just seven league appearances for the club before being loaned out, failing to register a goal for the Saints. Tottenham Hotspur – Bongani Khumalo Central defender Bongani Khumalo arrived at Tottenham with aspirations of winning trophies and making himself a hero in north London. However, he failed to make a single competitive appearance for the club in four years, returning to South African side SuperSport United after loan spells in the EFL. West Ham – Savio Nsereka Despite an underwhelming stint at Brescia, West Ham thought they had unearthed a top prospect when signing Savio Nsereka for £9m. They handed him the No 10 shirt and a four-year deal, but he only lasted a season. The Uganda forward was sold to Fiorentina later that year, and he failed to make an appearance for the Serie A side. Wolverhampton Wanderers – Eggert Jonsson Icelandic defender Eggert Jonsson spent two years with Wolves, where they suffered back-to-back relegations. The defender made four appearances during that time and truly outstayed his welcome at the club, with fans baffled at how he remained beyond a single campaign. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE