The 53-year-old has an incredibly distinguished career in the commercial side of football, and she became managing director of Birmingham City at just 23 and currently stands as the vice-chairman of West Ham United. The TV personality is a regular columnist in The Sun newspaper and has published four books, two of which are novels. Baroness Brady currently resides in a property in one of the most exclusive areas in London with husband Paul Peschisolido and the couple share two children, daughter Sophia and son Paolo. Born in Edmonton, London, the businesswoman now resides within the area of Belgravia. Located in Central London, within both Westminster, and the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, this district is one of the most exclusive in London. It is such a luxurious neighbourhood that it is even known throughout the world to be the best area in London to live. Quiet, fashionable, and incredibly beautiful, Belgravia is an expensive neighbourhood with classic looks and tons of old money. In the past, Belgravia was a bustling city centre where some of the greatest movers and shakers lived. Today, you can still see that history in the grand terraces, some of which are owned by English royalty. READ MORE: Lee Mack’s quiet life with his wife Tara in charming Surrey town Belgravia’s affluence dates back many years ago, and many properties are owned by royalty, and various embassies and organisations. The area takes its name from one of the Duke of Westminster's subsidiary titles, Viscount Belgrave. Belgravia does have its own look, and style, with the white townhouses being the most iconic visual part of the entire area. Amongst those traditional townhouses there are also penthouses and other modern properties that have been added over the years. Many of these beautiful buildings actually belong to organisations, embassies, or companies. Those that do belong to individuals tend to have been handed down among families. DON'T MISS‘Easy remedy’ to remove radiator sludge to save on 25% on heating bill [EXPERTS]5 ‘essential’ garden plants that need to be pruned in winter - and how [INSIGHT]Damp can cost up to £5,000 to repair - use ‘cheap £1’ item to fix [TIPS] According to Rightmove, properties in Belgravia had an overall average house price of £2,702,615 over the last year. The majority of sales in Belgravia during the last year were flats, selling for an average price of £2,256,178. Terraced properties sold for an average of £3,628,560. Overall, sold prices in Belgravia over the last year were 13 percent up on the previous year and 18 percent down on the 2014 peak of £3,285,129. The most expensive property currently listed on Rightmove is a seven bedroom house, with a guide price of an astounding £45,000,000. According to the listing it is a “magnificent” mansion fitted with bespoke interiors and is situated on Lyon Place. READ MORE: Danny Dyer’s quiet life with wife Joanne in cosy rural Essex village The lowest priced property is currently a two bedroom flat on sale with a guide price of £350,000, situated in the heart of Belgravia and moments from Knightsbridge Station. There is also Hyde Park close by, offering acres of recreational space and boasting the picturesque Serpentine Lake. But its close proximity to Central London, village-like atmosphere, and low crime rate make it desirable to the few who can afford it. Belgravia is so close to so many transport links, it is possible to get anywhere you want to from the area. There are the District, Circle and Victoria tube lines, overground services, multiple bus routes, and easy access by road. People would be right in thinking that anywhere in London is unlikely to be that open and offer many activities, because it is a highly populated city. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea However, Belgravia is a gem in that way, because it provides access to famous Hyde Park, as well as its famous little squares which provide visual breaks to the constant buildings, shops and roads. There is even a garden, called Belgrave Square Garden which is a private garden. It is 4.5 acres in size and was started in 1826 by Thomas Cubitt. It has been recently restored to match its original layout from 1867 and has some huge beautiful trees  (some that were planted right at the beginning), seating areas, roses, a children’s play area and tennis court. Belgravia has a great selection of dining options, ranging from casual delis and cafes to upscale restaurants. When it comes to nightlife, there are plenty of pubs and cocktail bars. As you'd expect of an affluent area, high end shopping is in high supply. A number of designer boutiques can be found on Sloane Street, the main shopping area.