Chelsea winger Mykhaylo Mudryk has apologised in response to mass criticism for using a racial term in a viral TikTok video. The 22-year-old was filmed repeating the N-word last July in footage resurfacing after his £88.5million move to the Premier League. Last July, Mudryk shot a 40-second video alongside a friend and an Audi sports car, posting it on popular social media app TikTok. The pair rapped lines from Lil Baby's 2017 track, 'Freestyle', and repeated the N-word, which is mentioned 16 times throughout the song. Since deleted following backlash, the clip hit over 214,000 views and, for many, will have put a dampener on Mudryk's exciting Premier League arrival. The Ukraine international has issued an apology through The Sun via a spokesperson, stressing his regret about the 'inappropiate' video. A statement read: "Mykhaylo is deeply sorry for any offence caused by the video posted on his TikTok account last July. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE "Whilst his intention was solely to recite lyrics of a song, Mykhaylo regrets his decision and wholeheartedly accepts it was not appropriate. The video has since been removed." Kick It Out, football's leading anti-racism group, has slammed Mudryk for his use of racial slurs in the video, 'irrespective of context'. "Kick It Out condemns the use of all racial slurs, including the N-word irrespective of context," a response read. "The N-word is deeply offensive, and the use of this term by high-profile figures in football can only serve to alienate people from the game. DON'T MISS: Saint-Maximin may copy Ronaldo as Newcastle ace eyes deadline day move "It is important that footballers use their significant platform in a positive way, and we're encouraged to see that Mykhailo Mudryk has acknowledged the hurt caused by his use of this offensive slur." Mudryk made his Chelsea debut in the 0-0 draw against Liverpool at Anfield on January 21, the Blues' last game. He is expected to play a significant role for Graham Potter in the second half of the season, with Chelsea vying to perform an unlikely but possible turnaround to finish in the Premier League top four. Fulham visit Stamford Bridge next on Friday before another London derby against West Ham United and the first leg of the Champions League last-16 tie with Borussia Dortmund. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here