Mykhaylo Mudryk asked if Arsenal would be prepared to match Chelsea’s £88million bid before agreeing to sign for the Blues, according to reports. The Ukrainian starlet has been desperate to join the Gunners this January but now looks set to join their London rivals. Chelsea have hijacked Arsenal’s move for Mudryk. Stamford Bridge officials were in Poland to conclude talks with Shakhtar Donetsk over an £88m (€100m) deal. The Blues are apparently prepared to offer a bigger chunk of the fee up-front, with Arsenal instead preferring a very structured agreement. The winger is now flying to London and will undergo a medical on Sunday. Mudryk has always preferred the prospect of a move to Premier League leaders Arsenal. He has frequently provided subtle hints at his desire to play for the north Londoners on Instagram, and one post was made as recently as Thursday. JUST IN: Chelsea release Mykhaylo Mudryk statement as £88m winger flies to UK According to CBS Sports, Mudryk asked if Arsenal were prepared to match Chelsea’s offer, clearly still preferring the interest from Mikel Arteta’s side. However, it was made clear to the exciting Ukraine prospect that the Gunners would not be increasing their initial proposal. Chelsea released a statement on Saturday evening confirming that talks had taken place. The Blues also made several social media posts about their potential new signing, in a clear hint that a deal was close. Arsenal are believed to have made at least two bids for Mudryk. Head coach Arteta wants to strengthen his attack and saw the Ukraine international as a versatile option across the front three. The Spaniard remained coy on Mudryk’s future on Friday, smiling at the question about the player before telling journalists: “You know we cannot talk about any other players. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'put on UEFA watchlist' as they sign Mudryk for £88m feeArsenal target Mykhaylo Mudryk flying to UK for Chelsea medicalChelsea 'very close' to signing Mudryk as Arsenal target open to move “There are some interests in what we’d like to do to improve the team because we’re short in certain areas and with injuries that we picked up. We are trying and as a club We are trying to improve in every window.” Mudryk’s form in the Ukrainian Premier League this season attracted the attention of some of Europe’s biggest clubs. He struck 10 goals and provided eight assists in the first half of the campaign, including impressing in the Champions League. Arsenal are set to turn their attention elsewhere after being beaten to the signing by Chelsea. A winger and a midfielder could arrive at the Emirates Stadium before the end of the window, with Arteta doubling down on the club’s surprise Premier League title pursuit.