Flooddefences have been rolled out in the UK, with one region sert to be drowned in up to 80mm of torrential rain. The Met Office has issued several weather warnings with Britain set to drown in torrential rain, sparking flooding and travel chaos for commuters. There are now yellow warnings for rain in place for North West England, East Midlands, West Midlands, Yorkshire & Humber, and Wales. These will run on Tuesday from 6am until 10pm. The Met Office said: "Persistent heavy rain may lead to some disruption on Tuesday". It warns flooding of some homes and businesses is likely, bus and train services will likely be affected with journey times taking longer. Motorists have also been warned spray and flooding on roads probably making journey times longer, while there may also be some power cuts. The Met Office weather warnings covering England state the North West will be battered by the heaviest downpours, with the possibility of up to 80mm accumulating over higher areas of Cumbria. It said: "Outbreaks of rain will spread across England and Wales during Tuesday. This will be heaviest and most persistent across parts of northwest England, particularly over higher ground. Rainfall totals of 60-80mm could accumulate over parts of Cumbria."    However, the torrential rain could be more severe in Wales, with warnings up to 100mm could accumulate over parts of Snowdonia. The Met Office said: "Outbreaks of rain will spread across England and Wales during Tuesday. This will be heaviest and most persistent across parts of Wales, particularly over higher ground. Rainfall totals of 80-100 mm could accumulate over parts of Snowdonia." In the latest weather forecast for this evening, the Met Office said: "Further bands of showers moving east accompanied by strong and gusty winds. "Clear spells between the showers, and some eastern parts mostly dry. Frost in sheltered parts of northern Scotland." READ MORE: Free NHS prescriptions for over 60s may be axed in April  For tomorrow, it forecast: "Feeling cold in the strong westerly winds with a mixture of sunshine and showers, heaviest in the north, with some eastern and southern parts becoming dry through the afternoon." Looking ahead, the Met Office warns of heavy rain drowning the country on Tuesday, ahead of more further showers and strong winds on Wednesday. On Thursday, more rain and strong winds will continue to spread northeast across the country. The Met Office said: "Rain sweeps northeast across all areas on Tuesday ahead of heavy showers and strong winds on Wednesday. Further rain and strong winds spread northeast on Thursday." DON'T MISSRishi Sunak refuses to say whether he'd intervene on Royal Family rows [VIDEO]Boris poised to make comeback as Tories take hammering in the polls [INTERVIEW]UK follows 4,000 EU laws – time to call Peers bluff says DAVID JONES [OPINION]   BBC Weather also warned of another band of frontal rain pushing north-eastwards across the country on Tuesday that could also be followed by snow on the hills of the far north of England and over Scotland. Winds could also hit gales force levels in some areas, increasing the chaos for millions of Britons. This will all be followed by a "showery and gusty airmass" on Wednesday that could trigger thunderstorms in Scotland.   BBC Weather said in its latest outlook: "Tuesday is going to widely wet and windy with another band of frontal rain pushing north-eastwards across the UK, preceded by hill snow over Scotland and the far north of England. "Winds will be near gale force in exposed areas but south to south-westerly flows mean that it will turn into a milder day. "A showery and gusty airmass will follow into Wednesday with some hefty and potentially thundery downpours mainly in Scotland which will be wintry over northern high ground." 