While Scotland and the north of England were blessed with mild weather, the icy snap dominated the South. The big freeze also made driving tricky in southern parts and hit rail services. The conditions sparked travel warnings after reports of multiple crashes during the morning rush hour with commuters warned of icy roads and low visibility from fog. While temperatures reached 50F (10.1C) in Kinlochewe in the Scottish Highlands, the mercury plunged to -9.5C in Santon Downham, Suffolk. Heathrow recorded its coldest night since December 2010 – and its chilliest January night since 1987 – as temperatures dropped to a teeth-chattering -8.4C. The icy conditions at Britain’s busiest ­airport led to the cancellation of more than 80 British Airways flights affecting some 12,000 passengers expecting to fly to ­destinations such as Amsterdam, Edinburgh, Milan, Paris and Stockholm. It followed around 70 ­cancellations at the airport on Sunday due to freezing fog. Airlines were warned at the weekend they would have to reduce flights at Heathrow by about 15 per cent due to the weather and air traffic control restrictions. And temperatures at the airport yesterday morning were still as low as -6C, with ­visibility also poor. Online departure boards at Heathrow showed widespread cancellations to destinations also including Berlin and Miami. British Airways said it had “apologised to customers whose flights have been affected” and it was “doing everything we can to get them on their way as quickly as possible”. It advised customers to check its website before travelling to the airport. But passengers took to social media to voice their frustrations over the disruption. One tweeted: “I was supposed to fly ­yesterday, got cancelled and rebooked to today. Cancelled again, rebooked to ­tomorrow. What’s happening?” Another passenger wrote: “My flight to Milan cancelled! No seats available on alternative flights, now had to cancel a week’s worth of business in Italy! #Heathrow.” The spokesman for Heathrow stressed that poor visibility was still affecting the ­airport, with similar conditions across theSouth-east. Freezing fog is defined as when the visibility is less than 1km (0.6 of a mile) combined with an air ­temperature of less than 0C (32F). Despite the air ­temperature being at freezing point, water droplets in the fog still remain as water. However, when they hit frozen surfaces, it turns to ice, creating hazardous conditions. It causes delays at airports in ­particular as the freezing fog forms a layer of thin ice on airplanes which will need to be removed. Yesterday’s freeze in the South also led to treacherous conditions on the roads. And National Rail said there was disruption to trains across Sussex because of ice. Cambridge­shire Fire and Rescue Service warned drivers to take extra care as icy ­conditions are likely to remain “for a few days”. London Fire Brigade told people to be careful when using an open fire to stay warm. It tweeted: “Don’t risk using treated wood on fires. Not only can they produce toxic fumes, but they are also more likely to spit embers when burnt.” The Met Office said the warmer air ­moving down from the north had led to the ­unusual temperatures. It tweeted: “What a contrast this morning. Stepping out of the door across the North-west of the UK and you can ditch the gloves... though ice scrapers at the ready in the South-east.” But forecasters said the cold Arctic air still dominating in the South would gradually be swept away in coming few days All areas are likely to see temperatures rise to at least 46F by the end of the week. But locals in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, were left puzzled after a wallaby – normally used to the Australian sunshine – was seen jumping around on a frozen field, right. James Ledger, 40, spotted it while walking his dog and said it was “just crazy”.