In the untamed reality dating series, eight sexy single mums aged between 40 and 60 are let loose on the quest for love in a luxury mansion in Mexico, but the only selection of potential lovers is each other’s sons. So just when fans of the controversial TLC show thought it couldn't get any more shocking, they were left horrified after the mums and sons began double-dating each other. The mothers all live in one villa and they even have to share a room with their sons, meaning any potential lovers can’t stay unless they tell their parent or child. The unhinged TLC series has already brought some wild moments with one of the contestants, Soyoung, 51, admitting to her son Jimmy she once slept with his best friend. Another shocking moment was when Jimmy admitted to wanting to "lather" and "suck" mum contestant Pola’s feet. He told the cameras: “I’m a man of great taste. I like great things. I’m a very big feet person … Pola has feet I just want to oil up and lather, just massage and get real warm." READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks uproar after ‘misgendering’ Sam Smith and GMB guest Now in a shocking twist that was revealed in last week's show, the mums and sons would now be going on double dates with each other. After the revelation, April Jayne, 59, and her son Gabriel were forced to enjoy a double date in the same room as each other, where things later got heated. Gabriel commented: “I’ve never been on a double date with my mom before," while April Jayne sat across from him on her date with Joey, the youngest of the contestants. The camera then cut to April and Joey, who appeared to be enjoying their date together, which infuriated Gabriel. After seeing his mum hitting it off with her date, Gabriel said: “He’s hitting on my mum and it's not sitting right with me." Gabriel even ended up flinging food off of his plate at his mum's table where Joey was sitting. In response to Gabriel’s frustration, Joey joked to the camera: “That boy better watch out, I’m going to be his papa one day." Fans were quick to comment on the shocking twist under a post on TLC’s Instagram, with many of them slamming the show as being "sickening" and "disturbing". DON'T MISS:The Last of Us fans ‘sobbing’ after Bill and Frank twist [REACTION]Fire Country fans ‘work out’ identity of mystery arsonist [THEORY]Lockwood and Co boss on 'aging up' the cast [EXCLUSIVE] One fan, @timandarlene, commented: “No longer a TLC fan. It's getting too bizarre!” While another user under the name @oclashes agreed: “I can’t watch this channel anymore-” Elsewhere, @stardust_920 added: “This 'twist' of moms and sons is beyond disgusting." And a fourth follower, @ritsfairy, commented: “This is actually so messed up." And @emillienieves had stern words: "I think they should not cast their own kids into the show. "Honestly as a mother of a young adult that doesn’t sit right with me. It’s gross and uncomfortable." However, some fans didn't seem to be phased by the show with one user @lil.sneekee commenting: “Are you guys all mad because you’re not also a MILF?” (sic) MILF Manor continues Sunday on TLC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.