There has been much debate since that time, on what advantages the UK has actually accrued from "taking back control" of its own destiny. Perhaps, I can roll off a few, just for starters. Firstly, free from EU bureaucracy, we achieved one of the fastest vaccine rollouts in the world. It is a matter of record that the first ever COVID jab was administered in the United Kingdom. Secondly, out of the embrace of "ever closer union", we have been free to pursue our own truly independent foreign policy. For instance, both Boris Johnson and now Rishi Sunak, have provided real leadership during the conflict in Ukraine. Britain has helped rally Western nations against Vladimir Putin’s illegal and barbaric invasion of that country- a battle which we must help the Ukrainians to win. Thirdly, we have also been able to pursue an independent trade policy. As a result, we have signed more than 70 new trade deals, including with Commonwealth allies, such as Australia and New Zealand; with the AUKUS deal also cementing not only closer security ties, but also British jobs and prosperity. Moreover, we are in the process of negotiating new trade deals with countries from across the globe, including India and Mexico. Fourthly, we are now free from the highly bureaucratic Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) and the equally complex Common Fisheries Policy (CFP), which have often been damaging for their respective industries, as well as for British consumers. Fifthly, since we left, the EU has passed over 7,000 new laws/ Directives/ Regulations, which no longer apply in Britain. In addition, we are now able to set our own VAT rates, allowing us to cut VAT on a range of products, alongside our ability to establish 10 free ports in the UK, to boost economic growth. In addition, we are able to save a considerable amount of money by not having to pay our annual subscription. In the year we left the single market, we spent £12.6bn net on the EU – this will now evolve into a permanent, annual saving. Yes, we did agree a one-off divorce settlement estimated at £39bn. However, according to the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR), we have already paid off well over half of this sum, which was front loaded so our remaining payments will now fall sharply, over the next few years. There is still more work to do, for instance, in solving the outstanding issue of the Northern Ireland Protocol- something we must do, not least in order to uphold the vital Good Friday Agreement. Moreover, like many Conservative backbenchers, I eagerly await the Boats in the Channel Bill, which will also help fulfil our promise of finally taking back control of our borders. Crucially, we could have done even more, had ardent Remainers not fought a die-hard battle, night after night for three years in Parliament, (as I catalogued in my own book ‘Spartan Victory’) to try and keep us in, despite the democratic decision of the British people, in the 2016 Referendum. Barely, seven weeks after we finally left, the UK entered into Lockdown - and across the Globe we witnessed a dramatic slowdown in growth and trade internationally. So, the deliberate delay caused by Remainers cost our nation dearly, in terms of lost opportunity. Nevertheless, the greatest advantage of all is that we now live in a country where we can make our own laws, recommended by our own Government, passed by our own elected Parliament, and adjudicated, where necessary, by our own domestic courts. We now have the opportunity to do precisely that, and it is one we should seize with both hands.