Happy Valley is back on BBC One and the latest episode saw Catherine Cawood (played by Sarah Lancashire) present Ryan (Rhys Connah) with an ultimatum. Halfway through the episode, viewers heard a familiar name as Kirsten McAskill (Sophie Rundle) was mentioned. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what happened to her. Kirsten's death was mentioned in the latest episode but it has been years since viewers last saw Kirsten. The police officer was killed off in the third episode of season one, which aired back in May 2014. Sergeant Catherine was explaining farm life to Kirsten over the radio as the young constable drove down some backroads. She was looking for kidnapper Lewis Whippey (Adam Long) but his partner in crime Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) was there for backup. Kirsten decided to pull the van over for a background check and Tommy reversed his car straight into her. READ MORE: Coronation Street history to repeat itself as Summer Spellman dies She fell to the ground, believing she had been killed and Tommy proceeded to run over her twice more. By the time Catherine arrived, it is too late as Kirsten was already dead and the Sergeant had to pass the devastating news on to her family. The Sergeant then made it her mission to find out what was going on in the van when Kirsten pulled it over. She wondered how bad it could be to make them kill a police officer. Catherine started experiencing post-traumatic stress disorder as she imagined the death of her daughter Becky. Later in the episode, Kirsten's boyfriend visited Catherine at the station as he felt she was to blame for her death. Back in 2014, Kirsten actress Sophie Rundle described the drama as "dark, thrilling and witty". She told Digital Spy: "It's a dark subject matter that we're dealing with and it's thrilling and dramatic, but it's witty as well. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street's Carla Connor killed by Stephen [INSIGHT] Here's a look at the cast of Happy Valley's latest episode [EXPLAINER] We look at Happy Valley star Rhys Connah's age [INSIGHT] "It does everything - it's thrilling and mysterious, but also when it needs to be, it's light-hearted and charming. "Sally [Wainwright] is just absolutely brilliant, I think what's great about this is, it's really honest writing. "She knows the characters that she's writing for, there's nothing vague about her writing. It's based in truth, it's really natural." She teased her death in the interview, saying something "quite shocking" happens to Kirsten. The star added: "I think it really serves to… remind Catherine of the severity of what she's dealing with. "I think because Kirsten is so young and eager and enthusiastic about her job, it's a real shock when what happens happens - and it's quite exciting as well." Viewers have rewatched the episode and took to Twitter to share their thoughts. Ellie said: "Sally Wainwright has no right to make me bawl for the 3 millionth time watching Kirsten radio 'I think they’ve killed me' and seeing Catherine’s reaction." The official Twitter account for the series said: "Want an incredible & heartbreaking scene this was. Fantastic acting from all involved. Poor Kirsten."  Happy Valley airs on BBC One on Sundays at 9pm