Pippa Middleton, 39, and James Matthews, 47, who tied the knot in 2017, are living in a £15million country house in Berkshire with their three children. The couple has even reportedly issued eviction notices to various tenants occupying lesser properties on their newly acquired Berkshire estate. But Pippa and her financier husband James have reportedly not been able to get everything they wanted for their new home. The couple planned to insert a massive 82-foot x 19-foot swimming pool into their exquisite kitchen garden, according to the Daily Mail. In addition, Pippa and James apparently wanted to create a brand new tennis court topped with AstroTurf. But these demands were eventually called into question by specialists employed by the local council. READ MORE: Queen Camilla's friendship with key royal might be 'tested' - claims  The conservation officer said they have "a number of concerns", citing the end of "horticultural use" in favour of "recreational/leisure use", according to the Mail. The officer also cited the potential loss of "historic fabric" in the ancient walls in the property if they are tampered with. In addition, the council’s senior archaeologist has highlighted the shortcomings in a heritage report that Pippa and James commissioned. They said: "I am not aware that [its] authors consulted the Historic Environment Record."  Consulting the Historic Environmental Record for any major property renovations is required by the National Planning Policy Framework.  It is understood the new home has a whopping 30 bedrooms and 150 acres of grounds which lead down to a river, complete with a walled garden and greenhouses. There is plenty of space for their recently expanded family, as the couple are parents to Arthur, four, Grace, one, and six-month-old Rose. The home, bought in an off-market sale, is not far from where Pippa, Kate, and their brother James grew up in Chapel Row village. It was also completely renovated and modernised by the previous owners, according to reports.   The whole Middleton family will now be neighbours as Prince William, 40, and Kate, 41, have moved their primary residence to Adelaide Cottage on the Windsor Estate. James Middleton and his wife Alizee live on a £1.25million farm in Berkshire, and his parents currently live in the lavish Bucklebury Manor. It is not known if James and Pippa have sold their West London home and moved full-time to the countryside pad, or if they're keeping both. The couple, who wed in May 2017, spent £17million on their London home which spans five floors. 