Actors Ioan Gruffudd, 49, and Alice Evans, 54, have been in the midst of a volatile court battle since their split in 2021. The latest development may see Alice facing arrest after the Los Angeles Courthouse could not find or contact the actress or her attorney as she missed her court date yesterday.  The Fantastic Four actor initially filed a restraining order against his estranged wife in February 2022, almost a full year after he filed for divorce. The bitter court battle between the two has raged ever since, covering the grounds of custody and funds as neither side can seemingly agree. On Thursday, Alice was meant to appear at the Airport Courthouse in Los Angeles at an 8:30am court appointment. The actress was meant to answer to two charges of violating Ioan’s restraining order but she never arrived. READ MORE: Sopranos' John Ventimiglia 'heartbroken' as daughter Odele dies at 25 after welcoming baby  Almost three hours after the scheduled appointment time, and with no word from Alice nor her attorney, the LA Superior Court Commissioner James Cooper issued a referral for an arrest warrant, according to the Mail Online. Court commissioners do not have the power to authorise arrest warrants, hence why the warrant was referred to a judge to be issued. Once the warrant has been signed off by a judge, Alice can be arrested but may be able to avoid going into custody by posting bail until a hearing is scheduled, as Commissioner Cooper told the outlet. It was not revealed what the breaches of the restraining order Alice was being called to answer for were.  Alice has been notoriously open about new developments in their court battle and often shares updates with her followers on social media. She was also the one who initially broke the news of their split to fans in 2021 after 14 years of marriage. She told her fans in a since-deleted tweet: “My beloved husband/soulmate of 20 years, Ioan Gruffudd, has announced he is to leave his family, starting next week. “Me and our young girls are very confused and sad.    “We haven’t been given a reason except that he ‘no longer loves me’.” Throughout their public split, Alice has continued in a similar vein, updating her social media followers with emotional news during each step of the painful process and often mentioning her estranged husband. This is what prompted Ioan to file the restraining order to prevent Alice from sharing private messages or “false public allegations” about him, according to the aforementioned publication. Ioan was granted his request and Alice was barred from mentioning him on social media for three years.  Ioan and Alice’s court troubles have been particularly difficult surrounding custody of their two daughters, Ella, 13, and Elsie, nine. The Fascination actress originally filed for sole custody, but last July Ioan filed for joint custody, reportedly requesting visitation rights. Alice publicly accused Ioan of lying multiple times, including showing his court declaration on Instagram, calling it “utterly disgusting” and “packed with lies”. According to court documents obtained by the MailOnline, Ioan claimed Alice had verbally abused him throughout their marriage and “inflicted serious emotional harm” on their children through her statements.