Chelsea boss Graham Potter has promised new signing Mykhaylo Mudryk will excite fans after completing his blockbuster £88million transfer. Mudryk was unveiled to fans during the Blues’ 1-0 victory over Crystal Palace. The Blues hijacked Arsenal’s pursuit of the Ukrainian starlet on Saturday. Club officials jetted out to Shakhtar Donetsk’s base in Poland to thrash out a deal worth £88million, including add-ons. Mudryk flew to London on Saturday to complete his medical. In a slightly unorthodox move, Chelsea confirmed the signing midway through the first-half of the Palace clash, with Mudryk unveiled at half-time. Potter has now spoken on the 22-year-old for the first time, telling journalists: "He is a young player with exciting quality in the final third. He is very fast and direct and I think the crowd will like him." Asked if five first-team attackers makes his selections difficult, the Blues head coach continued: “That’s the challenge for us. We want to do better, want to play better, want to play better and get more points and wins. You need a squad that is balanced, that has the right amount of competition, and I think that he [Mudryk] brings that. Then it’s my job to make the selections.” JUST IN: Chelsea boss Potter clearly needs Mudryk despite Crystal Palace win Chelsea earned just their second win in 10 Premier League matches against Palace. The west Londoners had to battle hard for the three points but ultimately won thanks to Kai Havertz’s second-half goal. Potter was under immense pressure after Thursday’s 2-1 defeat at Fulham, with many wondering if the former Brighton head coach would be dismissed after a dreadful period of form. But the 48-year-old was pleased with his side’s performance against the Eagles. "Today we are happy for the three points. Overall we played quite well, they had their moments as well but today was about getting the victory - park it as three valuable points against a team that was pushing as well,” Potter added. DON'T MISS...Mudryk hails two things about Chelsea in first comment since joiningArsenal 'irritated behind the scenes' after Mudryk seals Chelsea moveMykhaylo Mudryk announced by Chelsea vs Crystal Palace   "We try to play well and I thought at times we did, you have to understand the context of the situation we are in so it isn't going to be sensational football all the time. The boys have worked hard." Havertz scored just after the hour-mark with a thumping header. The German has had critics of his own over the past few weeks, having scored just once in his last eight appearances for Chelsea. Potter said of Havertz: "He worked the line really well. He has pushed and pushed, I am pleased for him to get the winning goal." Chelsea's upcoming fixtures hardly get any easier, despite Sunday's respite. The Blues travel to Liverpool next Saturday, with Mudryk likely to earn his debut. Fulham are then welcomed to Stamford Bridge before Potter's side go to relegation threatened West Ham.