Chelsea will reportedly target a new striker this summer and could take advantage of Juventus' current financial crisis by poaching Dusan Vlahovic. The Old Lady frontman looks set to be on the agenda of many European heavyweights as he plots an escape route from Turin. After being embroiled in capital gains controversy, known as plusvalenze in Italy, the Italian Football Association's sporting tribunal dealt Juventus a 15-point deduction. It dropped them from third to 10th in the Serie A table, leaving many players in limbo over the financial and sporting implications. One of the Juventus players expected to be impacted is Vlahovic, widely linked with a departure later this year. And Chelsea could be one of the clubs vying for his signature as Graham Potter eyes an out-and-out striker to replace £97million flop Romelu Lukaku. During a recent Q&A, CBS Sports journalist Ben Jacobs was asked whether Chelsea wanted to acquire a new striker of Lukaku's ilk at the end of the season. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE In response, he reported the prospect was 'likely' and told fans to 'keep an eye on Vlahovic' because there was a 'definite opportunity' to sign him in 2023. Vlahovic has also been linked to Manchester United ahead of Erik ten Hag's hunt for a new striker to replace Cristiano Ronaldo at Old Trafford. The 22-year-old has scored seven goals in 15 appearances for Juventus this season, netting 16 times in 36 outings since joining in January 2022. He completed a switch from Fiorentina in a £66m deal 12 months ago and would likely demand a similar fee from his current suitors. DON'T MISS: Arsenal new boy Kiwior's agent sums up what is behind Gunners' success  Chelsea have reportedly triggered RB Leipzig forward Christopher Nkunku's £52m release clause, which would see him arrive at Stamford Bridge on July 1. But Potter is said to want more attacking firepower in his ranks ahead of a handful of expected exits in his first summer transfer window as head coach. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Hakim Ziyech, Christian Pulisic and Callum Hudson-Odoi are among those in the shop window, with Kai Havertz also potentially seeking a move away. And the Blues have already started refreshing their ranks under Potter, recruiting 22-year-old winger Mykhaylo Mudryk from Shakhtar Donetsk for an eye-watering £88m this month. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here