Everton are reportedly on the brink of sacking manager Frank Lampard after their heavy 4-1 defeat to Brighton on Tuesday. The former Chelsea boss is sweating over his future as the board mull over axing him after the Toffees' second-half calamity which means they are now just two points above the relegation zone. They are on a run of five defeats in their last six matches. The result leaves Everton dangling in 16th place in the Premier League and they could sink to as low as 19th if the teams below them win their games in hand this week. That has increased the pressure on Lampard, with fans calling on the ex-Chelsea boss to go after a dismal run. According to talkSPORT, the board are seriously considering his future with Lampard on the brink of the sack. Lampard and his side were subjected to loud boos from the home supporters after a disastrous second-half display condemned the Merseyside outfit to another damaging defeat. There were also calls for the board to be sacked as the dissenting voices continue to grow at Goodison Park. READ MORE: Four managers Everton could turn to if Lampard sacked Kaoru Mitoma gave the Seagulls the lead early in the first half and Everton never looked like bouncing back, but at 1-0 down were still within a shout of grabbing an equaliser. That was before the Toffees conceded three goals in a nightmare six-minute period in the second half as Evan Ferguson, Pascal Gross and Solly March got on the scoresheet to send Everton hurtling towards an embarrassing defeat. Demarai Gray's stoppage-time penalty proved to be nothing more than a consolation as the fans made their feelings known at the full-time whistle. Lampard had already been feeling the heat after watching his side get thrashed 4-1 by Bournemouth to dump them out of the Carabao Cup last month, but there appears to be a more urgent nature to discussing his future within the club. DON'T MISSSimon Jordan rips into Everton as three picked out for criticismEverton fans throw Iwobi's shirt back at him as tempers boil overEverton players 'fought with each other' as Coleman acted peacemaker Several candidates have already been mentioned as possible replacements for Lampard if he is axed by the Premier League club in the coming days. Former Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino - out of work since leaving PSG in June - may welcome the chance to return to a job in the top-flight. Wayne Rooney is currently the bookmakers' favourite to replace Lampard if the 44-year-old does leave his position, although the ex-Toffees striker is currently in charge of MLS outfit D.C United. Other managers in the frame include Sean Dyche, David Moyes and Ange Postecoglu. It would bring an end to a 12-month spell in charge for Lampard, who has won only 12 of his 41 games in charge, giving him a win rate of just 29 per cent. He has previously managed Derby and Chelsea, with his 18-month spell with the Blues also ending in January two years ago after a run of five defeats in eight.