Two planes were reported to have flown dangerously close to each other, sparking fears they were about to collide. The incident was witnessed by holiday makers at London City Airport. Photos show two planes flying within very close proximity to one another.  A bystander told the Express that people watched with bated breath as the planes flew towards one another, before avoiding a collision. He said: "We were all stood there watching and worrying as they got closer to each other. "Luckily they managed to avoid each other. One of the planes then carried on straight before circling back. "There were quite a few of us holding our breath for a moment!" Express.co.uk has contacted National Air Traffic Services (NATS) for more information on the aircrafts but is yet to receive a response.   The incident comes in the wake of a number of recent air accidents that have marred the beginning of the New Year. In a separate incident, Britons were among four people killed when two helicopters collided in mid-air near Seaworld on Australia’s Gold Coast at around 2pm local time on January 2. The accident is understood to have happened as one helicopter was taking off and one was landing. All four victims were on the same helicopter. Three other passengers on that helicopter are in a critical condition. The six passengers on the second helicopter escaped with minor injuries as the helicopter was able to make an emergency landing. And, at least 68 people were killed on Sunday when a domestic flight of Yeti Airlines crashed in Pokhara in Nepal. It is the worst air crash in three decades in the small Himalayan nation. READ MORE: ‘You’ll feel sluggish’ Expert shares drink to avoid on flight Hundreds of rescue workers scoured the hillside where the flight carrying 72 people from the capital Kathmandu went down. Officials late in the evening called off the search operations for the day, saying they will resume on Monday. Narendra Modi, India's Prime Minister, expressed his sincere condolences to the families of the victims. He tweeted: "Pained by the tragic air crash in Nepal in which precious lives have been lost, including Indian nationals. "In this hour of grief, my thoughts and prayers are with the bereaved families." Speaking to the BBC, a witness described how she rushed to the crash site after seeing the aircraft crash. DON'T MISSCruise expert explains reason to ‘book travel separately’ [INSIGHT]Family puts house on the market to travel Europe in motorhome [NEWS]Easiest country in Europe to learn the language named [SPOTLIGHT]  She said: “By the time I was there the crash site was already crowded. "There was huge smoke coming from the flames of the plane. "And then helicopters came over in no time,” She noted how she thought the pilot had tried to avoid houses, adding: “There was a small space right beside the Seti River and the flight hit the ground in that small space.”