Everyone who has volunteered to help Ukraine has a different story, a different reason – no matter how similar – for wanting to play their part. Terry Fallows is one of many volunteers who answered the call to help move 100 civilian vehicles from Poland into Ukraine. As to why he travelled thousands of miles to help when asked by Boxers Barbers 4 Ukraine, he said he asked himself: ““Would you volunteer if it were your country?” “I knew the answer immediately and knew why those people could not run or surrender. I knew that I would volunteer, despite that fact I'm well past my prime!” READ MORE: Putin’s 'Wacky Races' style Wagner Wagon branded 'battlefield taxi' As to what the journey involved, Terry said he was part of one of multiple small groups that the volunteers were divided into. Each group were then given a group of a vehicles to deliver. Furthermore, each small convoy was led by an experienced team leader and medic in case of any difficulties along the way. He said: “Some journeys were slow, some were cold and 21 hours traveling by coach, back to Poland, was tiring but, on the whole, we kept our spirits up and pushed through fatigue and, in some cases, illness to do the best we could for the project. “Moving across Europe from one country to another can take longer than you'd think, especially when border crossings from the EU into Ukraine can take anything from 2-6 hours! Each trip involved an 11–13-hour drive across Poland, a border crossing and then 5-6 hours through Ukraine to the drop-off point. “As our team was small and, for the most part, each vehicle only had one driver, we did have to make an overnight stop, meaning that each trip took almost 2 days one way, followed by a 20-24 hour return by either bus or train, or both.” Another volunteer on the journey was a representative of the White Eagle Appeal. The representative, who wished to remain anonymous, told Express.co.uk that the vehicles transported were not those donated by owners, but purchased on the cheap. The main requirement was that the cars were 4x4 SUVs. After making their way to Poland on either the back of a truck or simply through being driven there, the cars were subjected to an MOT, service, and any minor repairs carried out by a team of skilled mechanics. Like Terry, those at the White Eagle answered a call of their own, whether it was to shift bags, and boxes, onto trucks in the UK, or to deliver aid straight to Ukraine. DON'T MISSGerman guilt for WW2 admirable but delaying tanks to fight Putin isn't [INSIGHT]Joe Biden confirms US will send Kyiv new batch of tanks [ANALYSIS]Russia warns West of 'extremely dangerous' tank supplies to Ukraine [INSIGHT] The White Eagle Appeal was set up by the Polish White Eagle Club at the start of the war by its owner, Magda Harvey. The club went viral within weeks as its main hall soon became the centre of aid operations in South West London. Since then, the club has shifted thousands of tonnes of aid be it medicine, sleeping bags, duvets, toys, and food to those who need it most on the civilian frontline. Alongside this, the White Eagle Appeal has set up a boutique for Ukrainian Refugees coming to the UK along with classes and opening nights. It, along with many other organisations in the UK, has forged a path of aid for those most in need and changed so many lives for the better. However, this does not change the fact that the war - and the need for military supplies - continues. In recent days, America and Germany have both agreed to supply their Abrams and Leopard 2 tanks to the conflict. This follows a decision by the UK to send 14 Challenger 2 tanks to the conflict.f Currently, the Ukrainian military has been relying on 20th Century heavy armour to defend its lines. The fear has been that without more capable firepower, the Russian army could break through and retake territory it lost in the Autumn.