Nick Kyrgios has responded to Novak Djokovic after the world No 5 opened up on their friendship. The pair formed an unlikely bromance last year when the 27-year-old became one of the few players to publicly defend the Serb when he was deported from Australia, and Kyrgios has now sent Djokovic a message after the 35-year-old explained how much respect he gained for the Aussie as a result. Djokovic and Kyrgios have become tennis’ unlikely duo over the past year after the world No 22 supported the 21-time Grand Slam champion during his ordeal in Australia 12 months ago, which saw him have his visa cancelled twice and ultimately get deported. With the Serb now back Down Under a year on, he has been reflecting on Kyrgios’ decision to defend him and the Aussie has now responded. Reposting the world No 5’s words to his Instagram story, the seven-time title winner wrote: “Who stands with you when the s*** gets real…. Says everything.” It comes after Djokovic himself admitted that Kyrgios’ response to his tough time in Australia last year had shown him a new side of the 27-year-old. “I wasn't his favourite guy - let's take it that way - for many years,” the top seed at this week’s Adelaide International confessed on Thursday. “But he was one of the very few that stood by me last year, and I respect that and appreciate that. JUST IN: Iga Swiatek left in floods of tears after one-sided loss to Pegula    “In those moments you can actually see who truly supports you and who is by your side and who goes with, I guess, the flow of the society and the pressures that media puts on you. He was giving me undivided support in the moments where I was being challenged a lot, and him as an Australian, I respected that a lot. Since then, our relationship has changed for better.” Their friendship only grew stronger when the two men faced off in the final of Wimbledon last year - Kyrgios’ maiden Grand Slam final - as it was revealed that Djokovic had even sent the world No 22 a message a week earlier admitting he was hoping to take on Kyrgios in the championship match. And it appears the pair have been chatting again ahead of the Australian Open, as the 35-year-old shared his plans to help the home hero with a practice match on one condition. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu handed Novak Djokovic advice after retiring with injuryRaducanu set for scan before Australian Open following freak injuryTennis fans respond to government as Wimbledon told not to reverse ban Asked about his offer, Djokovic said: “Well, we are talking with the Australian Open about doing something in a week prior to the start of the tournament. Yes, I chatted with Nick, and I would like to play with him, and he accepted, but he wants shorter sets. Let's see if that works out.” Kyrgios was forced to pull out of this week’s inaugural United Cup through injury and was unable to represent his home country at the new team tournament. He has since pulled out of next week’s ATP 250 in Adelaide but his manager believes he will be ready for the Australian Open, and a practice match against nine-time champion Djokovic will be the perfect preparation.