For the first time this series all of the remaining Dancing on Ice contestants will perform in one live show. After two eliminations it’s time for all 10 celebrities to come together and compete. Ekin-Su Cülcüloglu survived the skate-off against John Fashanu but it’s Patsy Palmer who may be in trouble this week. The latest odds have tipped the EastEnders star to become the third celebrity to leave the competition. Bookmakers Ladbrokes have priced Patsy at 2/1 to be eliminated on Sunday. Michelle Heston may have to skate again as she’s next in line at 11/4. Love Island star Ekin-Su could also face the judges’ decision for a second time as she’s priced at 3/1. Read more: Dancing on Ice star shares message from 'fierce friend' Oti Mabuse Darren Harriott falls just outside the danger zone at 5/1 but a weak performance could seal his face. At the other end of the scale, Siva Kaneswaran and The Vivienne look set to sail through the live show as they’re priced at 14/1 and 20/1 respectively. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Patsy's Dancing On Ice days are looking numbered, if the latest odds are anything to go by." Patsy will be performing to Defying Gravity from Wicked with partner Matt Evers. Liberty X’s Michelle and and Łukasz Różycki will be hoping for a strong skate to All That Jazz from Chicago while Siva and Klabera Komin will perform to Bohemian Rhapsody from We Will Rock You. Ekin-Su and Brendyn Hatfield will be hoping to avoid the skate-off with their performance to The Sound of Music’s Do Re Mi. Darren Harriott will be looking to impress with Tippy Packhard with Fat Sam’s Grand Slam from Bugsy Malone. Meanwhile, Patsy recently touched on feeling nervous on the show during an interview with Lorraine Kelly. DONT MISSCoronation Street's Mollie Gallagher addresses future as beloved Nina  [INTERVIEW]Dancing on Ice 'double standards' row over The Vivienne's outfit [INSIGHT]Holly Willoughby's appearance distracts Dancing on Ice fans  [VIDEO] “You look as if you’re having the time of your life,” Lorraine remarked. “I really am and I’m really trying to enjoy every second because we know we do things over the years for work and they go by in a flash and they’re amazing experiences and you’re never going to get them again. “You spend so much time being nervous and petrified that you look back on them and you say, ‘I just wish I would have found the courage to enjoy it a little bit.’” Patsy continued: “That’s what I’m trying to do and it’s working a little bit but the nerves 100 percent take over when you’re in that live performance.” “Well it’s live that’s the thing and it’s on ice,” Lorraine quipped. “But I have to say you’ve got one massive advantage and that’s [Patsy’s partner Matt].” “I love him,” she replied. “And just for every reason as a friend now, he’s a beautiful human being inside and out.” Dancing on Ice airs continues on ITV on Sunday at 6.25pm.