According to experts at Coast Road Furniture, the importance of natural light is well established as it helps regulate production of hormones as well as assisting in mitigating the effects of Seasonal Affective Disorder, which can often leave people feeling tired and less positive during winter. Increasing natural light during the winter months is particularly useful for those working from home. The experts at Coast Road Furniture explained: “Of course, the first thing you might think of is to add more windows to your property. There are various ways to do this, if you have space, you might be able to install more windows in key rooms such as the kitchen or living space, but there are alternatives if you don’t have the wall space for this. “For instance, you can install skylights in the ceiling if your roof is able to accommodate them, and this can provide lots of light as these windows are always facing the sky, whereas regular windows are facing away from the sun for part of every day. “Other options, however, include installing light tunnels. If you haven’t heard of light tunnels, they are reflective tubes that can be installed into houses where there isn’t room for an actual window. “These can be great ways to bring more sunlight into rooms when the architecture doesn’t leave space for windows, such as rooms where all the wall space is already taken up with appliances or shelves.” READ MORE: Six interior trends to look out for in 2023 - how to get the look Another important measure to think about is brightening up or decorating areas around the home. The experts said paler colours absorb less light and reflect it more, so adding white and pale colour schemes “makes a real difference” in increasing the amount of light within the property. The pros added: “This might start with painting the walls a lighter colour, such as an off-white or a pale beige or cream. “But it can also be extended to fixtures and fittings, such as avoiding using dark fittings like black or dark grey, and gravitating more towards pale tones for furniture and carpeting too. “Soft furnishings can be chosen in lighter colours such as cream and white can contribute to brightening up a room and help with the lack of light coming into your house.” DON'T MISS:Three steps to ensure ‘even finish’ when painting kitchen cabinets [COMMENT]'Keep an eye' on Christmas tree water levels to avoid brown tips [EXPERT]Methods to improve radiator ‘efficiency’ - job you ‘must’ do [EXPLAINER] Britons could also use reflective elements within their decor to increase the amount of light inside the home. This could be in the form of mirrors, mirrored furniture or mirrored doors on cupboards and wardrobes. When designing the inside of a property, there are things to do to ensure you are getting the most out of the natural light which does enter the property. The furniture pros explained: “This includes things such as using open plan space to increase the amount of light throughout the house. Using open planned and wide spaces rather than lots of individual rooms maximises on the light that enters the room and can make things feel much brighter. “In addition, you can angle and arrange your furniture so that when you sit down you’ll be experiencing the lighter parts of the room rather than the darker corners. READ MORE: Seven easy to care for houseplants to ‘instantly brighten’ a room “Ways to do this include positioning seating so that it will face the lighter areas in a room, such as having a sofa opposite a window or facing towards a brighter area. “Doing this doesn’t actually increase the light the way that using open planned spaces does, but it will radically change the experience you have within your home. And focusing yourself more on the lighter areas of your property can still make a real difference in terms of how light the property looks.” When choosing lighting for the home, it is important to consider how these will impact the natural lighting which enters into your property. The experts said using modern, minimalist lighting fixtures is great for this because they can add some extra light without distracting from the natural light let in through windows or light tunnels. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea They added: “Large or ornate fixtures can take away from the light itself and emphasis how much electric lighting you need in certain rooms.” Another option is to add more light using recessed lighting. This is installed within a room to distribute the bulbs across a shelf or under a surface rather than only having it coming from a single fixture. Alison Hughes, interior designer at Coast Road Furniture, said maximising the amount of natural light within a home is crucial, especially during the winter months. The expert added: “Using your decor is a great way to get the most out of natural light without installing any big changes into your house, and using lighter coloured furniture is a good way to do this. This might include using lighter paint colours, but try combining this with lighter furniture pieces. Pale woods and brighter varnishes can bring a new dimension to your rooms. “As well as this, it’s important to finish touches such as how you trim your windows. This includes the window frames, which should be painted in light colours, preferably white. It also includes avoiding heavy curtains and blinds, in order to avoid blocking any of the light that makes its way into your house. In many cases, it will even look better to avoid adding blinds or curtains at all, and this can allow even more light into the rooms.”