Let me say right away that I hold no brief for Andrew. I’ve never heard anyone say a good word about him, and I’m talking about people who’ve met him. He comes across as arrogant and churlish, dim and self-entitled. Hmm... who does that remind me of? Oh yes, it’s another Windsor, currently residing in California with a massive chip on his shoulder about the way the world and his family have treated him. Maybe there’s something rotten in the State of Windsor, a festering personality disorder. Or maybe it’s the lot of the Spare, which Andrew was until William was born. Now, like Harry, he’s so far down the line of succession that he’s practically invisible. Air Miles Andy’s pompous public image meant he had few sympathisers when he was accused of sexual abuse by Virginia Giuffre, who was 17 when she claims she met him after being lured into Jeffrey Epstein’s creepily depraved world. Andrew’s disastrous BBC interview with Emily Maitlis cooked his goose; he became a laughing stock, hopelessly out of touch with the world outside the palace walls. When he settled out of court for a whopping £12million, though not an admission of wrongdoing, it was seen by some as an admission of guilt. But imagine the pressure he was under from the Palace, desperate to shut Giuffre up before the Queen’s imminent Platinum Jubilee. Perhaps the Queen herself begged him to put an end to it. Now, astonishingly, Giuffre has dropped a separate sex abuse case against US lawyer Alan Dershowitz, saying she “may have made a mistake.” Some “mistake”. Andrew is talking to lawyers about overturning his settlement for a retraction and apology. Nobody much likes Andrew, but he’s never been proved guilty. His life’s been shattered by assumptions and mockery. Now the Queen is dead he’s freer to fight. I think he should. Sunday nights are getting tense as the superb Happy Valley nears its end. Episode five tomorrow, then next week that’s it – finito! End of the final series, even though we love her so much Catherine Cawood could be on our screens every week for a decade and we would still be begging for more. What can I say about this unbelievably gripping BBC drama? Sarah Lancashire is extraordinary; my gut clenches watching her, as it did when Kate Winslet set the telly alight in Mare Of Easttown. You know when you see great acting. It hits you like a sledgehammer. Which brings me to James Norton. God, what a performance. Tommy Lee Royce, flipping between the blackest evil charm and violent psychopathic rage. Terrifying. Worthy of Anthony Hopkins as Hannibal Lecter. I fear the worst will happen in episode six. Tommy will come for Catherine, just as she predicted. Gulp. Does he? Will she?... I’m not sure I can stand it... but I’ll definitely be watching it. As I wrote last week, Cornwall’s quiet as the grave this January. Walking through Polperro to The Blue Peter, below, for lunch we didn’t see a soul; it was eerily beautiful, like a film set. The Blue Peter, our sons’ New Year’s Eve favourite, is one of the few places still open. But we did find room at another inn – a lovely little pub called The Roseland Inn near St Mawes. It’s pretty, warm and welcoming and they do a great Sunday lunch. A delicious delight on a frosty day.