As the majority of UK households are heavily impacted by the cost of living crisis amidst the cold winter weather, many are wondering how to stay warm without sky-high bills. Following certain energy-saving steps could have several benefits, including helping Britons to cut costs, keep their families warm and even add significant value to their property. To help, Allan Reid, energy expert at Art Windows & Doors, has shared several tips for those looking to raise the temperature of their home rather than their energy bills. Households should prioritise taking care of their central heating now to prevent any potential problems as the winter continues to embrace their home. Allan said: “Getting your boiler serviced isn’t a bad idea, and you might want to power flush your radiators or give them a bleed, to remove air from the system and reduce the chances of cold spots. “Have a heating service now and you reduce the chances of it breaking down as temperatures drop outside.” According to the expert, poorly fitting doors and weather-worn windows are another cause of heat loss within the home. Allan claimed: “Draughty, single-glazed windows are some of the worst culprits as they offer very little in the way of insulation. READ MORE: ‘Fastest’ solution to remove silicone sealant mould around windows “Double and triple-glazed options are best. They add a protective barrier as do snug-fitting UPVC or composite doors. Fit them and your home benefits from high levels of thermal efficiency.” For those looking to insulate their windows, the expert suggested using window insulation film. He said: “Window insulation film is easy to find in any hardware store or online. “The kits include a plastic shrink film to apply to the indoor window frame with double-sided tape before you heat it with a hair dryer to remove any wrinkles and shrink the film. It’s a cheap and effective method, but your windows will have a cloudy and shrink-wrapped look.” Another form of window insulation is rubber weather sealing. Like insulation film, rubber weather sealing is easy to buy online or in hardware shops. DON'T MISSFour ‘tried and tested’ natural drain unblocking techniques [TIPS]5 ‘vital’ bedroom mistakes to ‘avoid’ - makes the room ‘unbreathable’ [EXPERT]Jayne Torvill’s quiet life in beautiful East Sussex market town [INSIGHT] Allan instructed: “All you need to do is cut long strips to fit the dimensions of your windows and then peel and stick the sealing to the frame to close any gaps, eliminating drafts. “Rubber sealing is a cheap and effective solution that has a minimal impact on the look of your windows. You can, however, potentially damage paint or leave a sticky residue when removing the seal.” The expert said: “Heat is easily lost from your home if you fail to insulate the property adequately. Various areas of the property are prone to heat loss. These can include exterior walls, the roof, doors and windows.” Allan noted that loft insulation is a “good place to start”, by adding a fleecy base layer and preventing rising heat from evaporating into the atmosphere. READ MORE: ‘Easy remedy’ to remove radiator sludge to save on 25% on heating bill Cavity wall insulation is another area to consider, as this area will prevent heat from billowing out of the side of the home. The energy pro added: “These examples of basic insulation will make a huge difference to the heat levels within your home.” Old and dated boilers are often expensive to run and prone to breakdowns over the winter months. Instead, it is advised to fit an A-rated boiler and not only will this run with greater efficiency over the winter months, but it’ll be less temperamental, reducing your winter fuel bill by anywhere “up to 25 percent”. Draft snakes are simply fabric tubes that you place under a window sill or door to prevent drafts. They sit at the interior base of drafty doors and windows to create a barrier between the inside of your home and chilly drafts. Britons can buy them in a variety of great designs, or they can make their own to fit windows by sewing a tube of fabric and filling it with dry rice. However, Allan noted: “Whilst this offers you a cheap and easy crafting project, it only prevents a draft from coming from the window sill, still letting out plenty of heating through the rest of the frame and the window itself.” While installing a new door bottom and replacing your weather sealing will ultimately be more effective and efficient long-term solutions, draft stoppers are great to have on hand in case your home needs immediate, short-term protection from the great outdoors.