Indoor plants are a great way to make healthier spaces for people to live in by helping to purify the air, boosting one’s mood as well as lowering stress levels. An expert has shared various different houseplants which can remove “toxins” from the air. Zach Morgan, a horticulturalist and gardening expert at Fantastic Gardeners said: “Social media is full of happy plant owners cultivating succulents, philodendrons and there’s a reason for that. “Some of the most robust evidence that they can improve your health comes from hospitals where it was found that patients in rooms with plants recovered better. These patients also said that the plants helped them feel less anxious and more positive about the staff caring for them. “Things like air fresheners, craft supplies, paint and even household cleaners could be emitting harmful chemicals all around you. “Plants can help you improve your space and solve this problem. These are some of the best plants that can help purify the air in your house while you’re stuck indoors this winter.” According to the pro, the spider plant is one of the easiest plants to find and take care of. If you have the tendency to kill houseplants, the spider plant is probably the best choice for you. READ MORE: Warning over dusting method which could be a fire hazard The expert said: “It prefers lots of bright, indirect sunlight and it’s great if you have pets because it’s not toxic and very resilient. Just make sure to water it a few times a week. “According to studies, spider plants are great at getting rid of formaldehyde from the air, so they can help you cleanse the air indoors by keeping them close to your workspace. It’s also said to remove carbon monoxide and xylene.” They can absorb nitrogen dioxide effectively too, helping to keep the air clean and fresh. This houseplant also grows spiderettes too, which owners can snip off, repot and gift to friends and family for free. The snake plant is another really easy plant to take care of due to it being a succulent. Also known as the mother-in-law’s tongue, the expert said it releases oxygen into the air whilst removing “harmful chemicals”. DON'T MISS:‘Avoid’ tap water with ‘sensitive’ peace lilies - what to use instead [COMMENT]‘Game-changing’ five minute method to clean dirty toilet brush [INSIGHT]Nan’s ‘old trick’ to get rid of stubborn brown mug stains for 3p [EXPLAINER] A study published by Harvard University concluded that the snake plant is one of the most oxygen-producing houseplants, and can help you breathe better and sleep better. Zach continued: “This is a plant that’s really easy to care for. It’s especially great if you often dye your hair at home because English ivy is said to reduce levels of chemicals that can be found in many salon products. “It’s also a great plant for the bathroom because it’s said to remove mould. However, English ivy is toxic to cats and dogs so if you have pets, make sure it’s completely out of their reach. “Give it a generous amount of water and at least a few hours of direct sunlight daily. It should also be able to thrive at lower levels of sunlight.” READ MORE: Household staple to kill moss on paving with ‘no scrubbing’ The peace lily is known for having a high transpiration rate which means that when it is watered, the water works overtime and helps bring moisture back into the room, making this an ideal bedroom plant. Zach added: “This reduces dust in the room and can remove any irritants to your eyes, nose and mouth. The peace lily takes a little more effort to keep happy as it requires morning sunlight only, frequent misting and damp soil. “Keep in mind that it’s also toxic to pets. Peace lilies are great for improving your work-life balance as they remove toxins that can cause stress.” Aloe vera’s are mostly known for their skin-soothing qualities but they are also great when it comes to clearing the air of toxins. The expert recommended placing this houseplant in the kitchen, where it can remove toxins found in detergents and disinfectants. The gardening pro said: “This plant is perfect for adding a splash of colour to a room. While inside, keep the plant damp and in the sunlight. When the weather gets warm, you can plant it outside. “Chrysanthemums are at the top of the list when it comes to air purification and removing common toxins. However, they only work when the flowers are in bloom (around six weeks) and are toxic to cats and dogs so you should be careful if you have pets.” According to a study by NASA, the weeping fig is one of the top contenders for cleansing airborne toxins, which can build-up from carpet and furniture cleaning. What’s more, this plant is easy to care for and requires owners to keep it out of direct sunlight and away from any draughts. Other than that, keeping the soil moist will make it happy.