Tiger King was one of the biggest hits of the pandemic after the first season dropped on Netflix in the first months of 2020. Almost three years later, Joe Exotic’s feud with Carole Baskin is still ongoing, and fans are still trying to piece together the mysterious disappearance of Baskin’s husband Don Lewis. The authorities have officially shut down rumours Lewis has been found alive and well 20 years after his disappearance. While Exotic has levelled accusations against Baskin having something to do with her husband going missing, Baskin claimed he could be alive and well two years ago. This week, Tiger King fans once again latched on to a 2021 report from the Department of Homeland Security which claimed he had been found in Costa Rica. The alleged document came to light in the second season of Netflix’s hit reality show, but the result of the investigation has not been authenticated. READ MORE: Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz In fact, authorities have now been in touch with TMZ to clear up the rumours, asserting Lewis is still presumed missing and dead as far as they are concerned. Legally, Lewis has been missing and presumed dead since 2002 despite claims from Baskin he could be alive. “The Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office - which is in charge of Don's missing person's case - tells TMZ it had no communication with federal officials to suggest they've located Don Lewis,” they reported. “Obviously, the FBI would've shared that info, so as far as the Sheriff's Office is concerned, nothing's changed. “Lewis is still a missing person, and the case remains a priority for HCSO.” Baskin added fuel to the rumours in 2021 during an interview with Philip Schofield and Josie Gibson on This Morning. “He took about $1million down to Costa Rica and I had agreed to let him do that so that he could prove to himself that he couldn't make a living,” Baskin claimed. “So I don't know how it is that Homeland Security says he's alive and well in Costa Rica, but I'm glad to hear it.” DON'T MISS:1000-lb Best Friends backlash as Meghan branded ‘horrible friend’ [REACTION]Abbott Elementary star’s body ‘crashed’ before Crohn’s diagnosis [INTERVIEW]NCIS season 20 dealt ratings blow with near-record low [NEWS] In the series itself, Lewis’ attorney Joseph Fritz, revealed he had talked to a detective who claimed he had seen Baskin’s missing husband in Costa Rica. He also suggested Lewis might have changed his identity, but neither of these claims were ever substantiated. However, Exotic’s attorney Joe Phillips maintains the DHS document and Baskin’s claims shouldn’t be believed. The reality show star is still currently serving a 21-year jail sentence after being convicted of two plots to hire men to kill Baskin. Exotic is convinced Baskin killed her husband in 2002, but his big cat rival has staunchly denied the accusations. As for the resurfaced documents, she has simply reiterated what she told TMZ amid the release of Tiger King season two. Baskin admitted she doesn’t know whether or not the documents are true, and and continues to assert she had nothing to do with Lewis’ disappearance or death. Tiger King seasons 1-2 are available to stream on Netflix.