It's the first day of the traditional working week, and there's a brand new Wordle puzzle available to make Monday morning that little more bearable. Wordle 590 is live for the next 24-hours, so it's worth jumping in quickly, especially if you're building up quite the winning streak. If you need a little help solving Wordle 590 for January 30, then head to the bottom of the page for a selection of spoiler-free hints and clues. Good luck, because you might just need it. The perfect game to play during your lunch break, the aim of Wordle is to figure out a five letter word in just six guesses. To solve the puzzle, you'll need to pay close attention to the colour of the tiles. If the tile turns grey, then the letter you've guessed doesn't appear in the final word. If it turns yellow, then the letter appears in the word, just not in that position. A green tile means the letter is in the word and in the correct place. An addictive game with a huge following, Wordle would go on to spawn dozens of clones. There's a Lord of the Rings themed Wordle called Lordle, a musical variant called Heardle, and a hardcore Wordle game called Quordle - where the aim is to guess four words instead of just one. If you're not great with words, then you'll prefer something like Nerdle, where you've got to figure out a maths equation. Four best Wordle starting words to make you a 'Wordle Master' - expert tips If you're here for Wordle 590 hints, check out the latest clues for the January 30 puzzle below... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 590 hints and clues for January 30... 1. Wordle 590 starts with the letter C. 2. Wordle 590 contains two vowels. 3. To strongly desire something.