Grant Shapps today set out new laws requiring minimum levels of service from public sector workers during strikes. The Business Secretary introduced the Strikes (Minimum Service Levels) Bill in the Commons this afternoon. The proposals give the Government the power to set minimum service levels for health, fire, education, transport, nuclear decommissioning and border security services. The legislation comes after months of train strikes which have ground the country's rail network to a halt, while further walkouts by nurses and ambulance workers are looming. But it puts ministers on course for a fresh clash with the trade unions who have warned the move could see key workers facing the sack if they exercise their right to strike and risks more walkouts. The Business Secretary said the Government "absolutely believes in the right to strike" but that it is "duty bound" to protect the lives and livelihoods of people in the UK. He added: "We don't want to use this legislation but we must ensure the safety of the British public." Labour deputy leader Angela Rayner claimed Mr Shapps had gone from thanking nurses to proposing to sack them for striking. She said: "How he goes on with one breath thanking nurses to sacking nurses, not just insulting, but utterly stupid. "There is no common sense about this at all. He says he recognises pressure faced by key workers, but he knows the NHS cannot find the nurses they need to work on the ward, he knows the trains don't run even on non-strike days such is their shortage of staff. "So, how can he seriously think that sacking thousands of key workers won't just plunge our public services further into crisis?" Meanwhile, former Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, who now sits as an independent MP, described ongoing strikes as an "act of desperation". He said: "Can he (Grant Shapps) not for once face the issue of the poverty that people face, rather than trying to bring in draconian laws to prevent people taking effective action in order to remedy the injustice that they are currently facing?" Mr Shapps replied: "What about the stress for people who can't get to work with these strikes and haven't been able to for months? What about the stress for people who might be waiting for an ambulance when we don't have nationally agreed safety levels in place? That's the stress that I'm also worried about." Getting the legislation, which would apply in England, Scotland and Wales, through Parliament could be a battle, with it likely to face stiff opposition in the Commons and attempts to rewrite it in the Lords, meaning it may not have any impact during the current wave of industrial unrest. Downing Street said it was hopeful of passing the Bill this year. The Prime Minister's official spokesman said: "Part of it will be dependent on parliamentarians on the speed. We hope it can progress quickly and be introduced this year, obviously. "And as soon as possible - I think that's what the public want, to have this in place, so we hope that will be reflected in Parliament." The legislation has come under heavy criticism from trade unions. Trades Union Congress (TUC) general secretary Paul Nowak said: "This legislation would mean that, when workers democratically vote to strike, they can be forced to work and sacked if they don't comply. That's undemocratic, unworkable, and almost certainly illegal. "Let's be clear, if passed, this Bill will prolong disputes and poison industrial relations - leading to more frequent strikes." Mick Lynch, general secretary of the RMT union, said: "The only reason this draconian legislation is being introduced is because they have lost the argument and want to punish workers for having the temerity to demand decent pay and working conditions." The introduction of the Bill comes a day after transport, health and education unions held a series of crisis meetings with Westminster ministers. 