Colin Farrell is riding high after his Golden Globes Best actor win for The Banshees of Inisherin, which reunited him with his In Bruges and Seven Psychopaths director Martin McDonagh. The Irish actor will be in a close race with The Whale's Brendan Fraser, who is going through his own remarkable renaissance, for major Hollywood awards this season. But Farrell bared all in a new interview where he revealed the huge early flop in his career which forced him to rethink his life and his craft. 2004's Alexander appeared to have it all. Oliver Stone brought all his usual bombast to the epic tale of Alexander the Great with music by Vangelis. An all-star, scenery chewing cast included Angelina Jolie and her theeek Greeeeek accent as Queen Olympia, alongside Anthony Hopkins, Val Kilmer and the mighty ham of Brian Blessed. There was even Jared Leto slinking around seductively as Alexander's lover Hephaiston. Farrell (and lavish applications of Sun In) undeniably worked hard and delivered a passionate performance as the legendary blonde who bestrode the ancient world. Everyone involved was confident it would be a smash and even win awards.  Farrell told The Hollywood Reporter: "Expectation is a dangerous thing. Alexander was a story that Oliver Stone had dreamed of since he was in college. So, as grand as it was, as global as it was, as political as it was, as thrilling as it was, as violent as it was, and as sensual as it was, it was really personal — to Oliver and to me. "It took us six months to shoot, on three continents. It was incredible. When I say 'expectation,' we all had our tuxedos ready. I’m not even joking. We were all like, 'Right, lads, we’re off to the Oscars. This is a sure thing.' And then the reviews came out, followed by catastrophic box office returns in the US, where it scraped to $35million on a $155million budget (and the same again for marketing and promotion). DON'T MISSLisa Marie Presley daughter confirms burial in place that haunted herRock stars who inserted drugs in an extremely private body partQueen stars have 'no idea' if John Deacon has seen Bohemian Rhapsody 'We don't speak' Farrell added: "I remember someone going, 'Oh God, it’s not good.' And my publicist going, 'It’s really not good...' "They had all the printed reviews, and one after another was telling me to pack my bags, I’d been found out: Alexander the Dull, Alexander the Boring, Alexander the Inarticulate, Alexander the Weak. "I was like, 'Holy sh*t.' I thought, 'What can I do?' I felt so much shame. I found myself in a place where with everyone I met I wanted to say, 'Have you seen Alexander? If you have, I’m really sorry.' The star revealed he had a complete crisis of confidence i himself, his ability and his career. Farrell said: "After that, yeah, I did question. I went, 'I’m just shite at it. I’m a crap actor. I’ve been found out.' I came blazing onto the scene with a bit of moxie and a bit of Irish this and that, 'F***, I don’t give a sh*t about it!' I was 23. "When you’re 23 and you actually care a lot, and you don’t know how to articulate that or have a relationship with that care, the easiest thing to do is to say you don’t give a sh*t. This is not to apologize – I was a young man – but Alexander really made me go, 'I don’t know.'" Looking back, it seems the actor took the failures of Alexander as a life lesson and an opportunity to return to the core of why he wanted to be an actor.  Farrell said: "What I had to do was plug back into the Colin that went into an acting class when he was 17. And not only the fellow that went in the first time, but more importantly the fellow that went back for the second workshop. I had lost that. "I was shot out of the cannon... I was given so much opportunity. It was insane how much money I was given, the keys to this, the keys to that... "So anyway, it’s been an interesting trip. And I was fortunate enough to be given the opportunity to reconnect with the simplicity that should never leave the core of what we do." FULL INTERVIEW IN THE HOLLYWOOD REPORTER