Gabriel Martinelli’s performance against Brighton showcased that he is not willing to make way in Arsenal’s starting eleven for top transfer target Mykhaylo Mudryk. The winger scored the Gunners’ fourth in their 4-2 win on Saturday evening. The victory over the Seagulls means that Mikel Arteta’s side head into 2023 with an eight-point lead at the top of the table. The team have been solid defensively and ruthless in attack, punishing teams in the blink of an eye – as they did against Brighton. Martinelli has been central to Arsenal’s success so far this season, scoring seven and assisting two in 16 Premier League appearances. The 21-year-old has thrived on the left wing, with his linkup with international team-mate Gabriel Jesus benefitting both players massively. Though Arteta still feels he lacks depth in the final third, with Mudryk a top target this month. The Ukraine international is keen to make the move to the Emirates Stadium following his impressive start to the campaign with Shakhtar Donetsk, with 14 goal contributions in 12 matches. The 21-year-old primarily plays on the left, though can be deployed on either flank and through the middle if called upon. But with Bukayo Saka and Martin Odegaard two of Arsenal’s most influential stars, it appears that Mudryk and Martinelli will be battling it out for the left-wing spot for the remainder of the season if Arsenal can finally strike a deal with Shakhtar – having already seen their first bid rejected. Mudryk has made it no secret that he is desperate for the move to north London, sharing pictures of him watching matches in hope of boosting the chances of a move. And Saturday was no exception, with the talented prospect sharing a photo of Mikel Arteta and Brighton boss Roberto De Zerbi with the caption: “2 top coaches”. De Zerbi worked with Mudryk at Shakhtar prior to his premature departure from the club – due to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine – and has heaped the praise on his former top prospect, telling the media earlier this week that he is capable of winning the Ballon d’Or. But despite the comments from the Italian, the winger will certainly be questioning whether he is able to meet continue his sudden progress at Arsenal having watched Martinelli cause chaos on the wing on Saturday night. If Mudryk does make the move, he will certainly need to be patient as it will be incredibly difficult for Arteta to drop his No 11 on his current form.