Over long periods, mugs can become stained with tea and coffee if they are not cleaned straight after using. It is the staining agents in beverages which mark the cup, known as tannins. While cleaning them with soapy water may make them germ-free, the brown stains may still be there. To help Britons, Mrs Hinch fans have taken to social media to share top cleaning hacks. Tannins, or tannic acid, are what give the tea and coffee their colour, and it is often used in hair dyes as well as fake tans. It is harmless for the body but can leave mugs looking dirty, even after putting them through the dishwasher. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Tia Macaulay wrote: “Does anyone know how to get rid of tea stains in a mug? I have a lovely Cath Kidston mug but I can’t budge the stains. “I also can’t put it in the dishwasher. I’ve tried soaking it in boiling water with washing up liquid and nothing.” READ MORE: Eggshell trick to prevent ‘pesky’ slugs from ruining new plants now The post attracted more than 600 comments from fellow cleaning enthusiasts sharing tips and tricks for Tia to try, including denture tablets. Sophie Jackson replied: “Denture tablets are amazing. Don’t use bleach as it will damage the glaze and will stain worse.” Sonia Alden wrote: “I use denture tablets and boiling water. Let it sit for a bit and then wash as normal. It is much safer than bleach and does the job perfectly. “I prefer to buy the minty denture tablets as then I can smell if the tablet has lingered a bit and I need to wash the cup a bit more.” DON'T MISS:Mum shares 9p ‘trick’ to remove and prevent black window sealant mould [COMMENT]Effective ‘tea bag’ hack to stop cats using your garden as a toilet [INSIGHT]Household staple to kill moss on paving with ‘no scrubbing’ [EXPLAINER] Harriet Young commented: “My nan recommended using denture tablets as she uses them for her teeth but also around the house for literally everything. They work so well and are just so cheap.” Joanne Westwood also recommended using denture tablets dissolved in hot water. The Mrs Hinch fan added: “Old trick I learned from my Nan many years ago. Cleans teaspoons up a treat too.” When placed in a mug with hot water, the tablet will begin to fizz and work to remove the brown stains on the cup. It is advised to leave it soak for at least 10 minutes, and repeat if necessary. Denture tablets can be purchased from most supermarkets as well as shops such as Boots and Superdrug. READ MORE: Six ‘common’ pests which could ‘damage’ houseplants in winter Sainsbury’s currently sells 30 cleansing tablets for just 90p, meaning to clean one mug, it would cost less than 3p. Boots, Waitrose and Amazon also sell denture cleansing tablets for around the same price, proving this hack to be affordable. Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended using “cheap” salt to help scrub away the brown stains around mugs. Linda Thomson said: “Salt with a little bit of water will work. Rub with your fingers around the stain, it’s like exfoliating the inside.” Ann Edmonds noted: “Make a paste with salt and water. Then scrub it on the marks and it should disappear.” If you’re looking for a specialist product, Astonish has a product called Clean and Revive which helps to bring back mugs and crockery back to life. It was recommended by Allyson Pearson who said the product was “fantastic” and brought her mugs back to life. It can be purchased for around £2 from a variety of retailers and only requires one tablespoon needed to clean cups and saucers.