Call The Midwife returned to BBC One at the weekend with a tragic storyline for Reggie Jackson (played by Daniel Laurie). He was diagnosed with an underactive thyroid after feeling extremely tired and losing his hair. Reggie has become a fan-favourite on the show, which has been a lifeline for the star. Fans were left in tears following the latest episode of the historical drama. Reggie was afraid to open up to Dr Turner (Stephen McGann) about his declining health as he did not want to cause any worry. He was scared he was going to die due to his extreme tiredness, but Dr Turner reassured him. The actor, who has Down's Syndrome has been in the drama since 2017 and he opened up about leaving education after children bullied him. READ MORE: Call the Midwife in touching tribute to star after 'thrilling' news He told The Mirror: "I hated school. I was badly bullied and that made me walk out of school, but because of that, ­acting found me when I was 17.” The actor comes from a famous family as his dad, Leslie Grantham, played Dirty Den in EastEnders. His mum Jane Laurie, 70, was known for her roles in 1980s films The Return of the Soldier, The Last Place on Earth and Foreign Body. Daniel gave credit to his mum for finding an acting career for him and he hasn't looked back since. He said he "couldn't forgive himself" for walking out of school but said thanks to Call the Midwife creator Heidi Thomas, he has made new friends. "If it wasn't for Call The Midwife, where else would I be?" he said. The actor opened up about admiring the female-led cast and credited them for making the show such a huge success. He has seen huge success in his career so far, having been nominated for Best Actor at the latest TV Choice awards. DON'T MISS... Linda Bassett's age explained as she takes Call the Midwife spotlight Call the Midwife season 12 episode 4 welcomes 11 guest stars Helen George details 'utterly terrifying' role away from BBC series Although he did not win, he said it was an "awesome honour" to have been voted for. Since joining Call the Midwife, the star has landed other roles in Finding Alice, The Dark Towe and Vera. He also played Jamie for six episodes in the series Stella, in 2016 before he joined the BBC historical drama. The Facebook account for Call the Midwife posted a tribute to the actor after his award nomination. The statement was from the family of Nate Court, the baby who played Robert in the season 10 finale. The baby was born with Down's Syndrome and Reggie took him under his wing. The statement said: "We were thrilled to see Danny nominated for Best Actor at this year’s TV Choice Awards, amongst other incredible stars. "The Court household has been cheering for Daniel (Reggie) for weeks on Nate's Instagram, getting the link out to family and friends to vote."  Call The Midwife airs on Sundays on BBC One at 8pm