Chelsea are in pole position to sign Borussia Dortmund youngster Youssoufa Moukoko, according to reports. The presence of Christopher Vivell at Stamford Bridge is set to give the Blues an edge over Barcelona for the Germany international. Moukoko has been linked with a host of clubs across Europe since becoming the youngest player to play for his country at a World Cup in Qatar. He only turned 18 last November but has already made 59 appearances for the Dortmund first team. The forward has 11 goals and eight assists to his name, with the large majority of his outings coming as a substitute. But he has clearly done enough to catch the eye of some top teams. Manchester United and Liverpool have both been credited with interest in the teenager. But it appears Chelsea are leading the way for his signature. READ MORE: Man Utd could sign another three players this month after Jack Butland  Spanish outlet Sport claims the Blues are ahead of Barcelona in the pursuit of Moukoko. Chelsea's recent appointment of Vivell as their new technical director could prove to be the trump card in a deal. Vivell arrived in west London last month to replace Petr Cech in the role. He previously worked in Germany with RB Leipzig in a similar capacity. Sport claims Vivell's knowledge of the German market could help Chelsea land the signing of Moukoko. The striker is out of contract at Dortmund at the end of the season. The Bundesliga club have offered him a new deal of around £4.4million gross plus add-ons in an attempt to keep him long term. However, the starlet's agent Patrick Williams is said to be wanting a signing bonus included as well. DON'T MISSFabregas returns to Arsenal to kick off new career after Chelsea and Barcelona spellsChelsea new kit 'leaks' as Blues go back to roots with latest stripRonaldo banned from making Al-Nassr debut due to Man Utd tantrum  If Moukoko has no intention to sign the contract, Sport claims Dortmund want to know as soon as possible as they will seek a replacement. A resolution to the player's future appears to be imminent. Moukoko first joined the Borussia Dortmund academy in 2016 and has come through the age groups before making his senior debut in November 2020. He has represented Germany on two occasions, both in Qatar. Moukoko is far from the only player Chelsea are looking to sign this month. Benfica midfielder Enzo Fernandez is a top target, though a deal has seemingly stalled with the Portuguese club. French defender Benoit Badiashile is set to join from Monaco for around £35m. Chelsea are also set for talks over a deal for Arsenal target Mykhaylo Mudryk, and have already agreed a deal to sign young forward David Datro Fofana from Norwegian club Molde.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here