Major supermarket Marks and Spencer has recently recalled a confectionary product because of an undeclared ingredient. The supermarket and the Food Standards Agency (FSA) have detailed how customers should proceed. Product details: Marks and Spencer Belgian Dark Chocolate Bar Product code: Barcode 29087570 Pack size: 180g Best before: November 9, 2023. READ MORE: Marks & Spencer to open 20 new UK stores - full list  The FSA issued a risk statement with regards to the recent food recall. It stated: "This product contains milk making it a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents." The FSA also outlined action taken by the company to ensure the safety of shoppers. This read: "Marks and Spencer is recalling the above product from customers and has contacted the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. "The company has also issued a recall notice to its customers, which explains to customers why the product is being recalled and tells them what to do if they have bought the product." The recall notice read: "Marks and Spencer is recalling its Belgian dark Chocolate bar 180g given the undeclared presence of the allergen milk in a small number of packs. "Please do not consume this product if you have an allergy or intolerance to milk. "If you wish to exchange the product, you can return It to your nearest store where a full refund will be given. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'sexy' dish that the Queen 'does not care for'  "Only the displayed date code is impacted. No other Marks and Spencer products are affected." The supermarket concluded: "We apologise to our customers for any inconvenience caused." The FSA offered advice to affected customers: "If you have bought the above product and have an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents, do not eat it. "Instead, return it to your nearest store for a full refund. For more information contact Marks and Spencer on 03330148555." Although food recalls are not common, they must be taken seriously when they do occur. The FSA stated: "Sometimes there will be a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold. "Then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). "Sometimes foods have to be withdrawn or recalled if there is a risk to consumers because the allergy labelling is missing or incorrect or if there is any other food allergy risk."When there is a food allergy risk, the FSA will issue an Allergy Alert."