The Royal Family's public silence on the bombshell claims from Prince Harry in his book and interviews has been backed because he is "just damaging his own reputation", it has been claimed. The Duke of Sussex's book, Spare, sees him launch a host of furious accusations against the Royal Family, with Prince William, Kate Middleton and Camilla Queen Consort coming in for strong criticism. He has also taken part in a series of television interviews in the US, promoting the book and hammering home his points in it, but Buckingham Palace has continued to stick by a decades-old tradition of not publicly commenting on claims made against them. Nile Gardiner, a Washington-based foreign policy expert and Royal Family enthusiast, has praised this wall of silence, claiming Harry is in fact destroying his own reputation. He told Express.co.uk: "The approach Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace have taken so far in response to these comments from Harry is one of silence and it is working because Harry looks increasingly ridiculous. "He is doing immense damage to his own reputation. In a way, the Royal Family doesn't have to respond publicly because Harry is just damaging his own reputation.  "The British public has turned greatly against him. There could be a response from the Royal Family at a later point but at the moment, it's the right response to let Harry destroy his own reputation." The Royal Family has only recently broken with tradition on a handful of occasions to publicly comment on allegations it deemed serious enough to respond to. In March 2021, Harry and Meghan at down for a bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey, the couple alleged there had been "several conversations" within the Royal Family about the skin tone of their soon-to-be-born baby, Archie. They also accused the Royal Family of ignoring Meghan’s cries for mental health support and had left her feeling suicidal.  READ MORE: Queen's ex-press secretary demands apology for claim in Harry's book Buckingham Palace issued a rare public statement, which said the claims were "concerning" and would be "addressed by the family privately". Hours after Harry and Meghan's allegations, William stressed while at a royal engagement: "We are very much not a racist family." Meanwhile, Mr Gardiner also accused Harry of launching a "direct attack" against William and his wife Kate, the Princess of Wales in the book, but warned this will actually "enhance" the popularity of the couple as the British public rallies around them. He continued: "Harry's memoir will make William's young family even stronger. These relentless attacks have further increased and enhanced the popularity and standing of the Prince and Princess of Wales. "They will be in an even stronger position in the wake of the memoir and the British public has rallied around the Prince and Princess of Wales. If Harry's intention was to undermine his brother, it has massively failed in every respect." DON'T MISSHarry should try being his dad, says JONATHAN SACERDOTI [OPINION]Prince Harry slammed as example of 'hypocritical privilege' [VIDEO]Anti-monarchist left 'very cold' as Harry refuses to give up title [COMMENTS] In his book, Harry claims he and William "begged" King Charles not to marry the Camilla, while alleging the no-Queen Consort "sacrificed" him to improve her public image and leaked details of a conversation with his older brother. But during a bombshell interview with US show CBS's 60 Minutes, Harry launched into his fiercest criticism yet of his stepmother of more than 17 years. He told interviewer Anderson Cooper: "She was the villain, she was a third person in the marriage, she needed to rehabilitate her image. "The need for her to rehabilitate her image...that made her dangerous because of the connections that she was forging within the British press. "And there was open willingness on both sides to trade information and with a family built on hierarchy, and with her on the way to being Queen Consort, there was going to be people or bodies left in the street because of that." During an interview with ABC's Good Morning America, Harry claimed the Queen Consort "sacrificed me on her personal PR altar". In his book, Harry alleges William physically attacked him during a heated argument in 2019 about wife Meghan Markle, before his older sibling returned a short while later and apologised. Harry claims Meghan upset Kate by saying she must have "baby brain" in the days leading up to his wedding to Meghan in 2018, adding the Princess of Wales demanded an apology and William pointed a finger at Meghan and called her "rude". The Duke also writes about the infamous fight between Meghan and Kate during a bridesmaids' dress fitting for Princess Charlotte, claiming he found his wife "on the floor" in tears after the fallout.