Naga Munchetty took a light-hearted swipe at her co-host Charlie Stayt on Thursday’s BBC Breakfast as Mike Bushell joined the sofa to discuss the morning’s sporting updates. Charlie admitted he been repeatedly told to “calm down” during a discussion on Southampton’s EFL Cup victory over Man City. Charlie commented: “You never know what's going to happen when two teams play a game." Mike agreed: "Absolutely right, in this week of shocks with the FA Cup and the League Cup.” "Thank you Mike that’s all,” Charlie joked as Mike and Naga descended into giggles. “Can you get your game face on for the day like [Southampton manager] Nathan Jones? I mean that sums it all up..." Read more: BBC Breakfast fans distracted by 'sharp' Johnny Vegas' appearance A picture of the Southhampton manager clenching his fists cheering flashed up on screen. Naga quipped: "That's Charlie every morning,” as Mike remarked: "That's yawning with Charlie!" "Every morning, Charlie's like, 'Aaaargh Breakfast!'" Naga joked. "I've been told three times to calm down this morning,” Charlie admitted. “My enthusiasm has been watered down. Otherwise I would have been like that." After Mike delivered the rest of the day’s sporting headlines, the trio joked once again they “weren’t calm”. “Carol can calm us down,” Mike said as Naga hit back: “I don’t think so!” Elsewhere on Thursday’s show, Naga admitted she “wished she hadn’t spoken” after making a mistake with the weather report. DON'T MISSHere's a look at BBC Breakfast Sally Nugent's partner [INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast host admits 'I've never been angrier' with my husband [VIDEO]Naga Munchetty claps back at viewer criticism  [INSIGHT] Carol said: "It's going to be that bit colder, there'll be snow in the hills." Naga replied: "Carol, thanks very much! It does look like it will be a little calmer next week, I think, so people can take some comfort from that maybe." However, Carol appeared to disagree as Charlie said: "Well that's a no, isn't it? That was a Carol no." "Not necessarily,” she answered. “Some of us might see some snow, Naga, so that's something we're keeping a very close eye on because it is turning colder. "But it looks towards the end of next week like it might turn a wee bit milder again. The weather really is up and down at the moment." Naga quipped: "Do you know, there are moments in this programme where I often wish I hadn't said anything at all." “You're not the only one, Naga!” Carol hit back as she and the host laughed. BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily at 6am.