Vegetable soup is not only healthy for you, but is also warming and delicious. For cold, winter evenings, it is the perfect simple meal to make with family or friends. Ingredients (Serves four) One butternut squash - peeled and chopped One apple - peeled and chopped One potato - peeled and chopped One sprig of thyme One cup of vegetable stock One cup of cream READ MORE: I made Prince William & Harry's 'favourite' £3.97 Spaghetti Bolognese Method Place the prepared potato, butternut squash, apple and sprig of thyme in a pan and bring it all to a boil Once the vegetables are soft, remove the sprig of thyme and blitz it together. Add a cup of cream and the vegetable stock and cook for a further three minutes on the hob. Serve with fresh crusty bread. DON'T MISS:Best casserole method to avoid a 'soggy' dish - 6 rules to follow [INSIGHT]'Easily' cut the sugar levels in home bakes using 'one third' rule [REVEAL]Asda splits opinion with new meal plan to feed family of four for £20 [DEALS] Ingredients (Serves four) For the croutons Five thick slices of bread (you can use stale bread if you want - diced) Three tbsp olive oil One tsp cumin Half tsp herbs du Provence Quarter tsp garlic powder Salt and pepper  For the soup Two tbsp olive oil One large white onion - diced Two cloves garlic - crushed Two tsp cumin One large handful fresh mint - finely chopped 240g red lentils 120g bulgur wheat Four apples - cored, peeled and diced One red pepper - seeded and diced 1.8 litres of vegetable stock Juice of half a lemon Salt and pepper to taste Chopped fresh parsley for garnish Method Preheat the oven to 180C (fan oven). On a baking tray, add all the crouton ingredients, toss to coat, and bake in the oven for 20 minutes, or until golden and crisp. Set aside. Meanwhile, sauté the onion and garlic in the olive oil for five minutes. Add the cumin and fry for a further two minutes. Add all the other ingredients (except croutons and parsley) and bring to the boil. Lower the heat and simmer on a medium heat for 40 minutes, stirring occasionally. Blend the soup partially (you want it thick and mostly smooth, but still with a few chunks remaining in it). Season it to taste before garnishing with the spiced croutons and freshly chopped parsley. 