Ceramic hobs look great and are known to be some of the best hobs available. They provide almost instantaneous heat and look aesthetically pleasing in contemporary kitchens. The flat surface can be quick and easy to clean, however, it can be tricky when there are burn marks or if something sticky is spilt. The majority of ceramic and induction hobs are black glass and can be polished to look almost reflective when they’re clean. To get the same finish, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their favourite item for cleaning ceramic hobs. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. READ MORE: When to wash your bed sheets to eliminate germs and 'critters' On one such group, Facebook user Deb Sheldrake posted: “Can anyone help me with what to use to get the heat stains out of my glass cooker please?” The post was inundated with responses but the most popular suggestion was to use Bar Keepers Friend. Diane Riley commented: “Hob scraper and Barkeepers Friend.” Tammy Kershaw agreed and wrote: “Bar Keepers Friend powder.” Jill Friend posted: “Try Barkeepers Friend. The liquid-type! Use a soft sponge or scrubber and work a small area at a time. DON'T MISS5 ‘essential’ garden plants that need to be pruned in winter - and how [INSIGHT]6 safe and effective methods to stop rats visiting your garden [UPDATE]Kate and William's new home is 'such a downsize' compared to Frogmore [ANALYSIS] “Rinse thoroughly (use a circular motion when cleaning). When clean, dry with a micro-fibre cloth.” Liz Berresford posted: “I now use Barkeepers Friend (the cream one) and it certainly seems to do the job.” Jill Friend added: “I love Barkeepers Friend - it works so well on many things!” Bar Keepers Friend Stain Remover costs £2.99 from Lakeland. Bar Keepers Friend Original Powder costs £1.99 from The Range. READ MORE: Bathroom door handle has 8 times more bacteria than a toilet seat Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea  Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using Cif, white vinegar, toothpaste, Pink Stuff paste and Elbow Grease. Stacie Perraton commented: “I use Cif cream, some water and a sponge.” Jackie Drinkwater said: “Hob scraper, get one off Amazon or eBay. Cover in Cif or Pink Stuff, scrape, wipe with a damp cloth then buff, and finish off with white vinegar to shine. It will be like new.” Janet M Bond wrote: “Hob cream cleaner plus white vinegar. Leave on for 15-20 minutes, use a glass scraper lightly for surfaces, wipe off and then use a paper towel or microfibre cloth to buff it up.” Suzie Maughan suggested: “Try toothpaste with a gentle scourer, it's a gentle abrasive.” Caroline Gilley Thomas replied: “Pink Stuff paste. I use it with a Minky scourer. Takes a bit of scrubbing, but it comes up like new.” Amanda Jane Fossey said: “Pink Stuff and a Scrub Daddy. Will bring it up like new.” Pauline Pinney wrote: “Elbow Grease works great and has a lovely lemony smell.” Billy Bridgen commented: “Scrape bits off. Make a paste of bicarbonate of soda and white vinegar and apply it. Leave it for 30 minutes before wiping [it] off. Repeat if necessary.”