During the interview, the Prince discussed his views on how the Royal Family address racism issues. In the bombshell, Oprah interview, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex accused the royals of being racist amid “concerning” questions about Archie’s skin colour. This accusation was backtracked during an interview on ITV with Tom Bradby, where he said that the tabloid press twisted their words and that members of the Firm have unconscious bias. The father-of-two said that such bias could “move into racism” and said that his family need to modernise. He criticised the tabloid press for its treatment of his wife and said that the royals did not speak up enough for the couple. Speaking on ABC special ‘Prince Harry: In His Own Words’, the 38-year-old was adamant that there is still a place for the monarchy in today’s society but not in its current form. “I genuinely believe that there is. Just not the way that it is now,” he said. Harry added: “I think the same process that I went through, with regards to my own unconscious bias, would be hugely beneficial to them. “The way that I understand it is that we all want to be a part of the solution rather than part of the problem and I genuinely believe that, for the monarchy, the best thing is for them to modernise, especially because of their role within the Commonwealth.” The Prince’s book, which has become the fastest-selling non-fiction book this year, praised the work of monarchs on the continent for the work they have done to address issues surrounding racism and empire. READ MORE: Brexiteer lists three key benefits of UK's exit from EU According to the Duke, King Willem-Alexander of The Netherlands, and King Harald V of Norway are setting the correct tone and “leading by example” for a modernised monarchy. Willem-Alexander, 55, has made moves to address the Netherlands’ colonial past and made apologies for its history of slavery. Meanwhile, King Harald, 85, defended his daughter and her fiancé Durek Verrett from racist abuse. The King of Norway addressed his country, saying that “conscious and unconscious” racism should be stopped. Prince Harry responded: “I congratulate them on that enormously and I don’t think they’ve been given enough credit for what they’ve done but it is huge. DON'T MISS:Trump allies urge ex-POTUS to 'get the f**k out of Mar-a-Lago' (REVEAL)Prince Harry breaks silence on Susan Hussey after Palace racism row (INSIGHT)Harry 'should have been denied US residency' over drug revelations (REVEAL) “More of that is needed but there was an enormously missed opportunity with my wife.” Despite his comments, Prince William and King Charles have both made public statements about the Commonwealth’s relationship with slavery. In Jamaica last March, William said: “I want to express my profound sorrow. Slavery was abhorrent and it should never have happened.” The comments marked the International Day of Remembrance of the Victims of Slavery and the Transatlantic Slave Trade. 