King Charles has been urged not to take part in a rumoured upcoming BBC interview with Jonathan Dimbleby - with a royal commentator claiming that so far the monarchy has acted with "enormous dignity" in the face of the allegations made by Prince Harry in his memoir. A TV insider told the Mirror that Charles was considering getting in front of a camera before his Coronation, for an interview in which it would be "tricky" for the subject of Harry and Meghan not to arise at some point. According to the insider, "Plans are already up and running for Coronation coverage at the BBC, including the profile on the monarch", with veteran broadcaster Jonathan Dimbleby, 78, a long-term friend of Charles, tipped to host the chat. But speaking on GB News, commentator Angela Levin said it would be a "very bad idea". She added: "He and the senior royals - Camilla, William and Catherine - have all behaved in the most enormous dignity. They’ve carried on, they've all been very busy, and if you do practical things you started forgetting all the nasty stuff. I think he should continue that. “It’s not our business to know the details of him and Harry. We can see for ourselves that it’s disgusting what they’re doing, and that they have no right to be here." Both Kensington and Buckingham Palace have declined Express.co.uk's request for comment on the extraordinary revelations of Spare, the Duke of Sussex's memoir. Charles, 74, and Prince William, 40, and wife Kate, 41, have continuously maintained silence following a stream of sensational claims, including Harry’s allegations of physical fights between him and brother William, a teary fall-out between Meghan and Kate over bridesmaid dresses and the Princes’ rocky relationship with Queen Consort Camilla, 75. While the King does have his more tender moments with Harry in the book, he is also frequently portrayed as emotionally distant - with perhaps the most shocking moment being when Harry was first born, at which Charles is claimed to have said: "Wonderful! Now you’ve given me an heir and a spare. My work is done." In any TV interview, the King is bound to be asked for his response to the string of claims against him and his family and any comments would represent the first public response from the King on the subject. READ MORE: GB News hotly debate if Harry and Meghan should attend coronation [REVEAL] The TV insider added to the Mirror: "It is not the done thing to avoid subjects in interviews, so it makes matters tricky. "Even one small comment on Harry and Meghan would make worldwide news. It could also prompt a response from Harry, which would be unpredictable, like so much. Everything is very delicate." ITV has also reportedly asked for an interview with the monarch, but they are said to have a low chance of securing one, given the interview they broadcast with Prince Harry earlier this month. However, the King may have good reason to be wary of such an interview, which would doubtlessly become the subject of enormous scrutiny. DON'T MISS: Royal fans fume over King Charles' Coronation plan to invite Harry [REVEAL]King Charles's Coronation set to 'eclipse' Queen's Platinum Jubilee [INSIGHT]Prince Harry 'wants to win' in coronation negotiations [ANALYSIS] In his earlier interview with Mr Dimbleby in 1994, he admitted to having cheated on Princess Diana. When asked if he had been unfaithful to the Princess, Charles responded he had been faithful "until [the marriage] became irretrievably broken down, us both having tried." Meanwhile, Prince Andrew's 2019 BBC interview with Emily Maitlis proved disastruous. The Duke of York became the subject of widespread shock, derision and mockery when he insisted, among other things, that he was it was almost "impossible" for him to sweat following an "overdose of adrenaline in the Falklands war, when I was shot at". Charles' coronation has become a flashpoint for the drama surrounding Harry and Meghan's decision to leave the royal family, with many commentators weighing in on whether they will be invited to the historic event - or if they are, how much of a role they willl be able to play. The monarch may precede the event with his own footage, rather than a programme released by the BBC, with the Mirror's source claiming: "There remains an option for the family to simply produce a coronation speech or content they film and supply. It allows control over what is said and would not address the Sussexes." 