Andy Murray might have had the crowd on side in his marathon five set win over Matteo Berrettini on Tuesday, but his memories of Australian Open fans at the same stage 12 months ago aren't quite so fond. Murray's first round clash in 2022 was every bit as difficult as his latest triumph, beating Georgian player Nikoloz Basilashvili in a game which also needed a deciding set. But in the latter stages of his battle with Basilashvili, the three-time Grand Slam champion became distracted by what he assumed were jeers from the crowd. In fact, the crowd were chanting 'suuii' as a tribute to Cristiano Ronaldo's trademark goal celebration. The football icon has become famed for the manner in which he marks his strikes, running towards the crowd before jumping and doing a 180 in mid-air before landing on his feet with his arms outstretched. Football fans have regularly cried 'suuii' during this act, and Albert Park fans also decided to get in on the act last year, despite Ronaldo being on the other side of the world at the time. Nick Kyrgios, also subjected to the chant during his early games, appeared to embrace the notion. But he seemingly found it more amusing than Murray did, who had to endure the impersonation during his on-court interview afterwards: "Painful stuff there. Those guys," he said. JUST IN: Australian Open bans all Russian flags while play stopped for hours - overnight round-up He went on to explain how he thought he was being heckled: "Initially, I thought it was [booing], because there were some people booing during my practice yesterday," added Murray. "I have no idea what for." Murray explained that the penny later dropped, but he still didn't appreciate the noise coming from the stands every few minutes: "Yeah, so originally that's what I thought it was. But then yeah after a few times it was like, no, they're doing that, I think it's like "Siuu" or something that Ronaldo does when he scores. And, yeah, it was incredibly irritating (smiling). Yeah, I think that's what they were doing." DON'T MISS:Novak Djokovic defies umpire and sprints off court past security at Australian OpenNick Kyrgios 'relieved' not to play Australian Open as he explains injury withdrawalEmma Raducanu gushes over Coco Gauff and admits to sponsor mistakes before Aus Open clash There was however, no mistaking what the noise of the crowd was for when Murray beat 13th seed Berrettini at the Rod Laver Arena. The 35-year-old Scot looked exhausted as the crowd lapped up his 6-3 6-3 4-6 6-7 (7-9) 7-6 (10-6) win. It could have been so different though after Murray, a five-time runner up in Melbourne, saved a match point at 5-4 in the decider. He will now play will play Italian veteran Fabio Fognini or Australia's Thanasi Kokkinakis in the second round on Thursday.