Manchester United are reportedly readying a mega summer transfer move for Tottenham striker Harry Kane. The England captain has long been linked with an exit from Spurs, and his side's dire recent form have seen rumours spark up again. According to the Daily Mail, United boss Erik ten Hag wants the club to push for Kane at the end of the season. And it is believed that the player himself would be open to making the switch in what will be bitter news for Spurs supporters to swallow. Up until this time Tottenham have held firm and refused to sell Kane, despite strong interest from the likes of Manchester City among others. However, the 29-year-old's contract is due to expire in the summer of 2024, meaning this may be their last opportunity to get a transfer fee for him. Kane also seems reluctant to sign an extension to his current deal. The fact he is yet to win a major trophy has long been a stick to beat him with, and it certainly looks as though United are a team on the up while Spurs are in free-fall. The Mail claim that United chiefs have already began to look into the particulars involved in a move for Kane, and appear confident that they will reach an agreement. Kane also has suitors in the form of Bayern Munich, but would likely prefer to remain in England. Kane is third on the all-time top scorers list in the Premier League, and is only 62 goals behind the leader Alan Shearer. He will no doubt be desperate to smash that record before he retires, and a move to Old Trafford would provide him with a huge opportunity to do so. Other than a few loan spells Kane has spent his whole career at Spurs, and it would surely be a big emotional tear for him to depart north London after 13 senior seasons in N17. But with the Lilywhites' chances of silverware in the near future looks unlikely, he may not be able to resist the chance to join one of the biggest clubs in the world. Kane has been urged to leave Spurs for the good of his career by a number of former players and pundits in recent times. Speaking to talkSPORT last year, ex-Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor said: “You’ve got to go. The joke’s over now. He’s given them so much, Harry Kane. This season he’s stayed and they are nowhere near winning a trophy, nowhere near getting top four. “He’s going to be 30 before you know it and be one of those players who should have gone to a big club, but stayed at Spurs. If Manchester United can get the proper manager in, then go to Manchester United."