Arsenal are set to go back on their previous claim in pursuit of Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhailo Mudryk. The Ukrainian club are publicly holding out for a fee similar to the ones that saw Antony and Jack Grealish move to Manchester United and Manchester City respectively, but the Gunners have been hoping to conclude business at a lower price. Mikel Arteta’s side had launched two bids in the hope of signing the 21-year-old, though both were below the £85million valuation as the first bid of £55m was rejected, and then the Gunners improved their offer and restructured it in a way that made it more appealing to Shakhtar. There had been claims that Arsenal would not be willing to meet Shakhtar’s high price tag for Mudryk, though Sky Sports now claim that the club have made a U-turn and could make another high offer, closer to the £85m mark. The report claims that an agreement has not been reached, but Arsenal are working hard to find a compromise and a deal is expected to be completed once the two parties can find a solution. Once the two clubs have agreed upon a fee, a deal should not take too long to be finalised after Arsenal reportedly agreed a five-year deal for the winger. Ukrainian outlet Sport Arena claims that a contract has been agreed upon between Mudryk and Arsenal and he is now waiting for Shakhtar and the Gunners to have a successful outcome from their negotiations. The Ukraine international has made himself clear as to whether he wants to stay in his homeland or move to the Emirates with a series of social media posts fawning over the side currently top of the Premier League. DON'T MISSGary Speed's widow Louise suffers more heartbreak as husband dies from cancerNewcastle may have pulled off masterstroke as Maddison swap opens upWhat Man Utd chiefs think about Ten Hag after Rashford punishment Mudryk recently posted a video showcasing in skills, in which he played a Drake and 21 Savage song ‘Circo Loco’ that included the lyric ‘Still gotta see the Gunners win the Premier League’, having previously posted himself during Arsenal’s 4-2 win over Brighton, watching the game as Eddie Nketiah scored the third goal. Chelsea are also reportedly interested in Mudryk and are attempting to hijack Arsenal's move, as Shakhtar chief Carlo Nicolini confirmed that the Grealish move has been used as their benchmark. “€60m it’s not enough to sign Mudryk. Our director said that we need a bid closer to Grealish fee than Antony to sell Mudryk”, Nicolini told Calciomercato. “We’re not even considering a bid with €40m as fixed fee.” The Sun have claimed that Darijo Srna is expected in London to meet with Chelsea over a potential Mudryk deal, as the Blues have not been afraid to splash the cash in January. They are also reportedly close to signing both World Cup star Enzo Fernandez and Monaco defender Benoit Badiashile.