Season 12 is well underway and Darlene (played by Ginny Holder) began her latest season training as a police officer, keen to join Neville Parker's (Ralf Little) team. Her training means she will be working alongside Marlon Pryce (Tahj Miles), with Ginny teasing the pair encounter a roadblock in their professional working relationship. In the latest episode, Marlon was preparing for his upcoming sergeant's exam but found it hard to concentrate. On top of this, he has had to deal with Darlene training to be a police officer alongside him which could cause some unnecessary tension. Ginny recently opened up about their working relationship and expressed: "It’s interesting because Darlene would like to see herself as someone senior, but she really isn’t and Marlon is above her. "Marlon is initially a bit wary because he wanted to withhold his position, so they have a tiny bit of a tug of war. But they come together and understand they can work well as a team. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss "It’s a very respectful team and they do work well together. They start playing on the funny moments between them a bit more towards the end of the series." When discussing the length of time it has taken Darlene to train to be a police officer, Ginny added: "She becomes part of the police force. "It’s taken her all this time to find her perfect job and she’s found her thing in life. It’s so interesting and diverse. "For her, she’s fascinated – shocked, even – by the reasons why somebody has chosen to take someone else’s life. "She doesn’t necessarily voice it, but she’s often in the denouements thinking, 'What? Why? How?' How human relationships work is of interest to Darlene, so she’s found her joy." Darlene first appeared in the BBC series back in 2018 as Officer Dwayne Myers' (Danny John-Jules) love interest. The pair were spending more and more time together and even looked after her niece in a few episodes. Darlene appeared to be the only one Dwayne partly settled down with, however, he left her heartbroken when he went travelling with his father. DON'T MISS...Paul Burrell in tears about telling sons 'I have prostrate cancer' [INSIGHT]Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ reason Poppy's always in a coat [WATCH]Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital  [LATEST] Ginny recently discussed the romance between Darlene and Dwayne, as she told Hello! magazine: "He was very, very popular and very cheeky. They were going out and seeing one another. "And I really loved their relationship. He was always trying to lead her on or play games with her, but she was always one or two steps ahead and always caught him out." Whether she thought they could rekindle their romance in the future, she added: "Do you know what I think? "I think she would [get back together with him] because he was such a cheeky character… she would be tempted because they had quite a close bond. "They had a good bond. They had a nice relationship, a really nice relationship so yeah. Yeah, she would!" This leaves the door open for Dwayne to return in the future and finally settle down with Darlene. The upcoming episode synopsis reads: "The team investigate the murder of a former children’s home resident. "Meanwhile, Marlon sits his sergeant’s exams, and Selwyn meets his daughter for the first time." Death in Paradise airs Friday from 9pm on BBC One