Liverpool are in the midst of a terrible season in the Premier League, sitting just ninth in the division with the campaign at the halfway stage. Jurgen Klopp’s men have lost both of their last two games in the league against Brighton and Brentford, conceding six goals in the process. They also face an FA Cup replay this week after failing to beat Wolves at Anfield. Here Express Sport explains what has gone wrong at the club and what it could mean for the future. Squad needs a shake up Liverpool’s biggest issue on the field this season has been the failure of many of their top stars to reach the level they have consistently shown over the last few seasons. Midfield is perhaps the biggest area of concern with the likes of Fabinho and Jordan Henderson badly off form and many of their other players suffering from injuries. A major squad shake up is needed in the summer, particularly in the middle of the park. James Milner, Naby Keita and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain are likely to be in their final six months as Liverpool players and their departures will help free up the space the club needs to refresh in the position. Transfer plans That brings us straight on to the club’s transfer plans with midfield reinforcements likely to be a priority over the summer. Liverpool have been heavily linked with a move for Borussia Dortmund man Jude Bellingham while Enzo Fernandez and Elif Elmas are among the other names to have been rumoured. However, what happens on the pitch this season will have a major impact on how much they are able to do in the transfer market. Failure to qualify for the Champions League would severely limit their pulling power while it would also reduce the finances available to spend in the summer. Getting back into the top four must therefore be an urgent priority if they are to be in Premier League contention again next season. Klopp sack chances It currently appears unlikely that the Liverpool board will look to part ways with their manager given the success he has brought during his seven year spell in charge but things could quickly change if the situation at Anfield was to get worse. Express Sport has taken a look at four managers who could be in contention to replace him should the unthinkable happen and the German was to leave the club. Qatar takeover latest While much of the focus has been on Liverpool’s on-field woes there is still the major issue of a potential takeover of the club in the coming months. The FSG have confirmed they are open to considering new shareholders with reports suggesting they are looking at a partial sale of the club. Qatar investors have been among those to have been credited with an interest in a takeover bid with reports suggesting they have been given a ‘priority’ by the FSG in talks. Klopp has confirmed he has held talks with the FSG over a potential sale but was reluctant to share any of the details. "Yes [I have been speaking to the owners]," Klopp told reporters ahead of the FA Cup replay against Wolves. "But nothing for you actually. Nothing." It remains to be seen if a takeover will come into fruition and what it will mean for the club going forwards.