A thunderous explosion injured five people — one critically — and destroyed at least two homes just hours into 2023. The huge blast, which tore through a US neighbourhood, appeared to be from a gas leak, fire officials said. The eruption blew out windows and doors and sent cars flying — on top of the two wiped-out homes. Two people were pulled from the rubble and three others were treated at the scene in Philadelphia before being taken to the hospital, the city's fire department said. “We had multiple gas leaks in the area, and the smell of gas coming from multiple areas,” Philadelphia Assistant Fire Chief Charles Walker told Fox 29. Five people were taken to the hospital with one man in critical condition after the blast at 2.30am on New Year's Day. One woman from the neighbourhood - in the Port Richmond area of the city - likened the explosion to a bomb going off. READ MORE: Idaho murder weapon offers 'horrendous' insight into killer's profile, says ex-FBI agent “It was like a bomb, like a baboom. It shook the whole house,” Karen — who didn’t give her last name — told ABC 6. A man driving down the street with his girlfriend at the time of the explosion told reporters he was stepping over concrete afterward, recalling the explosion as a “loud bang". “I just felt my whole car push over to the curb,” said Chris Heisenger. He returned to the scene later on Sunday with a bloodied shirt and a cut to his cheek from a flying shard of glass. DON'T MISSBiden preparing for 2024 presidential run [LATEST]Four human skulls found wrapped in aluminium foil [INSIGHT]Idaho suspect kept a low profile, neighbours say [REPORT] One Twitter user posted a video saying the blast shook the entire neighbourhood. He said: "Thought it was snowing but it was ash... shaking my head." Assistant Fire Chief Walker said the city is “very fortunate” the explosion hadn’t proved deadly. “We were very fortunate from what we know now not to have a loss of life, because it’s the middle of the night and everyone is sleeping,” he said. READ MORE: Shocking footage shows moment toddler is ‘pushed onto train track face-first’ “And if it’s confirmed to be a gas leak, it’s very rare to have the magnitude of this type of damage occur to not have loss of life, truly a blessing.” Residents evacuated their homes to a nearby recreation centre also damaged by the explosion. It took more than two hours for about 100 firefighters and other first responders to bring the situation under control. Officials said the Fire Marshal’s Office is investigating to confirm the cause of the blast. The blast comes weeks after multiple people were injured in an explosion at a plant in Iowa. It was not clear what caused the explosion. No fatalities were reported following the incident at a facility in Marengo, Iowa. All 30 people who were in the building at the time have also been accounted for, police said.