Queen Victoria and Prince Albert had 10 children together, with Bertie being the eldest. The Sky History series Royal Mob explores the iconic Queen's extended family which stretched across Europe. Historian Miranda Carter opened up on Queen Victoria's hostility towards Bertie in the wake of Prince Albert's death ahead of the series being released.  Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and his cousin Queen Victoria were understood to be deeply in love during their marriage. The couple married in February 1840 and were inseparable until he died in 1861 when he was just 42 years old. He left his wife with their brood of children and she sunk into a deep depression which lasted years. Following his death, Victoria only wore black clothes for the rest of her life and she stayed in seclusion from the British public for many years. READ MORE: Prince Harry's claims of Camilla 'planting stories' shut down Royal Mob historian Miranda Carter has addressed Queen Victoria's attitude towards the heir to the throne Bertie with Express.co.uk and other media. Victoria was said to have argued the most with Bertie, once remarking he was too much like her with an "explosive temper". Miranda claimed the monarch even blamed her son for Albert dying of typhoid. She said: "It's been a long relationship, and she kind of loved him and also kind of disposed of him.  "The Bertie relationship was always difficult, because, you know, he was the child who rebelled against his parents, and she blamed him for killing her husband." This is because Albert travelled to meet Bertie in Cambridge and went for a long walk in the rain when the consort was mildly unwell. When Albert returned to Windsor Castle, his health took a turn for the worse and he died weeks later. Queen Victoria placed the blame for Albert's sudden downfall on the stress Bertie's rebellious behaviour had put him under, despite the doctor's rulings. DON'T MISS...King Charles' reign has 'parallels' to 'suppressed' Queen Victoria's [EXCLUSIVE]Queen Victoria branded ‘a bully’ over ‘brutal’ treatment of children  [EXCLUSIVE]The Crown slammed for ‘betraying’ Netflix viewers [LATEST] The historian touched upon the Queen's childhood and personality, adding: "I think the thing about her is she has an extraordinary, forceful personality, as you can tell. "And one of the reasons for this was that she basically thought she was never wrong." Miranda continued: "I think she was in lots of ways, she's a very traditional woman, but there isn't any sort of traditional take on matriarchy. "And it was sort of her way of navigating this world where men were in charge, but she was sort of a queen bee."  Queen Victoria ascended the throne at the tender age of 18 and reigned until she was in her early 80s. Miranda claimed the young Queen did not want to listen to anyone once she "got all this power". She claimed the Queen had a "self-belief, this feeling that her instincts were right, even when they really weren't". Royal Mob episodes are available to watch on Sky History. 