Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has suffered another fresh injury setback with Ibrahima Konate ruled out for up to three weeks, leaving just Joe Gomez, Joel Matip and Nat Phillips as the only centre-back options currently fit. Klopp has already been without Virgil van Dijk for the last five matches and the Dutchman isn't expected to be back for another few weeks still. Konate has established himself as Klopp's preferred starter alongside Van Dijk when everybody is fit. But both centre-backs are now out for a number of weeks with Konate now a huge doubt for the first leg of the Champions League last-16 tie against Real Madrid on February 21. The Frenchman underwent a scan following Liverpool's FA Cup exit to Brighton at the weekend and it's revealed that he's suffered a hamstring injury. It leaves Klopp potentially having to choose a centre-back pairing that has rarely been used throughout his time at Anfield. Gomez was originally used as a right-back by Klopp in his early years while Matip began to establish himself as a regular starter after joining in 2016. But the defensive duo have incredibly played the full 90 minutes as Liverpool's centre-back partnership on just two previous occasions.  It wasn't until November 2020 when Gomez and Matip started and finished the match as Liverpool's centre-back pairing in the 1-1 draw against Manchester City. The only other occasions they've played the full 90 minutes together as Liverpool's two centre-backs came the following season in the 3-2 win over AC Milan in September 2021. Injuries have played a major role in Klopp being unable to play Matip and Gomez together while Van Dijk has been a stalwart in the Liverpool starting line-up. But Klopp may not have a choice in using the untried partnership over the next few weeks.  Nat Phillips will likely be asked to stay at Liverpool once again now due to Konate's injury after being heavily linked with a move away. The 25-year-old has been pushing for a January transfer to find a team where he's able to play more regularly. Galatasaray were said to be leading the race for his signature with Liverpool seeking a fee in the region of £10million. But the defender has been needed at times this year and he'll likely be involved in some capacity in the near future. Rhys Williams has returned to Liverpool too after having his Blackpool loan cut short, but he's unlikely to ba called upon. 