Manchester United icon Paul Scholes has insisted that Marcus Rashford was right to praise the performance of Alejandro Garnacho in Saturday's win over Manchester City, with the young winger outshining the likes of Antony to make things happen for the Red Devils. Garnacho was introduced as a substitute with just under 20 minutes remaining at Old Trafford and was instrumental in turning the game on its head as the hosts came from a goal behind to claim all three points over their local rivals. Jack Grealish drew first blood for City on the hour mark but a quick-fire double from Bruno Fernandes and Marcus Rashford saw United earn an important victory after they were given a footballing lesson by Pep Guardiola's side in the reverse fixture earlier this season. Rashford sang the praises of Garnacho, who assisted his winning goal, after the full-time whistle by underlining his role in turning the tide for United."I’ve said this many times before, but the options we’ve got coming off the bench even when we’ve had injuries at times this year in the forward line and sometimes everyone has played out of position - Bruno has today - but everyone puts in a shift," Rashford told BT Sport."We’ve got players like Garnacho who are young, hungry and ready to come on and make a difference, anything is possible. We’re very pleased to come back, get the three points and now it’s about moving on to the next game." JUST IN: Arsenal 'hold talks' with Lille star as Tielemans alternative emerges Scholes was quick to echo Rashford's post-match comments in his role as a pundit by insisting that Garnacho did more than fellow substitute Antony, adding: "I think a special mention for Garnacho as well, it was a massive influence when he came on. I’d argue a bit more of an influence than Anthony was."He’s shown when he came into the game he can be so quick, it looks like he’s going to score goals, runs through all the time, and makes United look really dangerous." Garnacho became the youngest player to assist a goal in a Manchester derby when he fired a low ball across the box towards Rashford, who pounced to beat Ederson from close range and complete a wonderful comeback for United. The result saw the Red Devils climb to third in the Premier League table and within a point of City, who find themselves five points adrift of leaders Arsenal despite having played an extra game.It also saw United extend their impressive winning run to nine matches in all competitions, which is likely to give Erik ten Hag and his players a welcome boost of confidence ahead of another tough week of domestic football. They will face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Wednesday evening before another titanic clash with Arsenal, who they managed to beat earlier in the campaign, away from home four days later. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.