Prince Harry "can't negotiate" when it comes to the coronation, according to a royal biographer. Angela Levin said she did not believe negotiations between the Prince and the Firm ahead of the coronation would be fruitful as Harry now had a "knack" for dealing with the Royal Family. She insisted the Duke of Sussex "want to win" in any confrontation with his family. Royal biographer Angela Levin said: "[Negotiating] to give him good seats right at the front, I think that's terrible. He doesn't deserve it. "The important thing is that Harry can't negotiate, he doesn't want to give. He's not somebody who will say: 'Look, I'm sorry, let's work together on this." Following the commercial success of Meghan and his Netflix docuseries and his memoir Spare, Prince Harry will likely feel "more confident" in negotiations with his family, according to Ms Levin. She told Talk TV's Julia Hartley-Brewer: "He now feels more confident that he's got the knack for actually dealing with the Royal Family and he wants to win. I think he won't say yes or no right up to the last minute."  The comments come following reports that King Charles III has enlisted the assistance of the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby in negotiating with the Sussexes about the coronation. According to The Telegraph, the King is concerned that Meghan and Harry's absence from the coronation might be more distracting than their presence. Archbishop Welby, who officiated the Sussexes' wedding in 2018, is said to be "very supportive of their plight", according to the paper. King Charles is said to be willing to give concessions for their attendance, including high-profile seating and an assurance that the couple would retain their titles. His coronation will take place May 6, 2023.  READ MORE: Paul Burrell blasts Harry and claims he's 'forgotten what loyalty is' The reports follow suggestions by a BBC insider that King Charles III is mulling over doing his own interview which would include a discussion about his life and plans as monarch. However, it is hard to see any interviewer ignoring the issue of the Sussexes' split from the rest of the Firm. The reports follow the publication of Prince Harry's memoir Spare, which included a series of attacks on the institution of the monarchy as well as his family. It became the fastest-selling non-fiction book ever and was prefaced by the Duke's own series of interviews on British and American television. 