Manchester United booked their place in the fourth round of the FA Cup with a hard-fought 3-1 win over Everton on Friday. Antony put the Red Devils ahead, with Conor Coady then pegging the Red Devils back. However, the Toffees star then netted an own-goal in the second half while Marcus Rashford bagged a penalty to ensure Erik ten Hag’s team continue their recent resurgence. Manchester United had entered their match with Everton hoping to beat the Toffees for a second time this season, having won 2-1 at Goodison Park back in October. And the Red Devils were able to do exactly that, making it five victories from as many matches since the World Cup in Qatar. Antony put United ahead inside the fourth minute, sliding home from close range to meet Marcus Rashford’s cross. Coady drew Everton level 10 minutes later, with the Everton star finding the net following a howler from David De Gea in the Red Devils goal. Yet the Toffees star put the ball in his own net after some more good work from Rashford to cost his side and pile more pressure on Frank Lampard, with the United star then scoring a penalty in the dying stages to make the result safe. Express Sport now takes a look at four things we learned from the clash. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big While Rashford and Antony were good for United against Everton, not everybody was convincing as they battled their way to victory. De Gea may have made a good save in the second half but his error before the interval was dreadful, showing there’s still a mistake in his game. Bruno Fernandes appeared out of sorts, with the United star spending more time moaning and looking surly than making things happen - though he admittedly got better in the closing stages. And, up top, Anthony Martial failed to do enough to show the Red Devils can place their faith in him to be their No 1 striker until the end of the season. The trio will all have to improve with the matches coming thick and fast, with Charlton in the Carabao Cup up next on Tuesday. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see United fans were heard aiming a homophobic chant in the direction of Everton boss Frank Lampard, referring to his time at Chelsea. The CPS consider such chants a hate crime, meaning the Red Devils are now poised for an investigation. United are likely to condemn the chants, as they’ve done with similar situations in previous years. Lampard is now well and truly feeling the heat as he looks to keep his job at Everton, who put up a fight at Old Trafford. And the words aimed in his direction will no doubt have worsened his mood on a frustrating night for his side. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Rashford is very much the man of the moment for United. He was able to score his 13th goal of the season, and fifth from his last five outings, to give his side all three points. Rashford was impressive before Antony’s goal, with his speed and trickery causing the Toffees problems as he put the ball on a plate to his team-mate. And it was no surprise to see him involved in his Coady's own goal, before emphatically sending the ball past Jordan Pickford from 12 yards to continue his scoring streak. If United can keep Rashford in this sort of form until the end of the season, then there’s every chance silverware can be won at Old Trafford. Everton will need to put the defeat against United behind them as they look to salvage their season. But Lampard’s job has just got even harder after seeing Alex Iwobi stretchered out of the game with a nasty-looking injury. The Nigeria international went over on his ankle after a crunching tackle from United left-back Tyrell Malacia. Given his experience and threat, Iwobi spending a long period on the sidelines represents a substantial blow to Everton and their hopes of a turnaround. It never rains but it pours indeed.