With Yellowstone currently on a mid-season break, fans are eagerly awaiting season five’s return following Jamie Dutton's (played by Wes Bentley) major betrayal. Although there’s no release date for episode nine yet, Felix Long’s Rudy Ramos exposed Kevin Costner’s secret signal.  Yellowstone’s most recent episode came to a jaw-dropping end as political war sparked a major division within the Dutton family. Jamie declared war on his family after he stood up to Beth Dutton (Kelly Reilly) during their heated exchange but this time, he didn’t back down. Unlike their previous feuds, this sibling rivalry could take a dangerous turn after Jamie decided to blindside his father, John Dutton (Kevin Costner). Jamie followed through with his threat to impeach John as the Governor of Montana, as part of his plan to take over. READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row    As a result, fans are expecting the show’s return to be off the scale considering the fact, Beth could hit back with the incriminating photo she has of Jamie. During season four, she snapped a picture of him disposing of the body of his biological father Garrett Randall (Will Patton) who Jamie killed to prove his loyalty to the Duttons. Although the midseason premiere date has yet to be released, Felix Long star Rudy Ramos unveiled some huge insight into the Yellowstone production. During an interview, the actor spoke on Kevin's partnership with showrunner Taylor Sheridan and shed light on their disagreements.   Rudy disclosed: “There’s a real trust between those too, you see them talking all the time and they’re not arguing. “If Kevin’s not agreeing with him, you can see his right foot starts pawing at the ground.” He noted: “I see him do that in the movies too when he’s getting upset a little bit, on the show, he’ll start pawing like a horse like, 'Come on tie me loose.’” However, Rudy highlighted: “I’ve never seen them argue.” DON'T MISS...Lea Michele branded ‘disrespectful’ after ‘pushing’ Sadie Sink [REACTION]1923 star Harrison Ford shares ‘hopes’ of starring alongside wife [INSIGHT]1923’s Spencer won’t return to Duttons in harrowing theory [THEORY]    Speaking on the Monday Morning Critic Podcast, the actor added: “He’s [Kevin] got a big say so in the show and he’s a writer himself and he trusts Taylor [Sheridan] too, we all do but he’s one of the executive producers.” Rudy stars as Felix Long, an Indian elder living on the Broken Rock Indian Reservation. Despite his ongoing battle with John, the two are closely related as Felix’s granddaughter Monica (Kelsey Asbille) married John’s son Kayce Dutton (Luke Grimes). Together they have a son, Tate Dutton (Brecken Merrill) and recently moved back to the ranch despite encountering several traumatic events.  Felix’s family have long been at odds with the Duttons as a result of their Montana ranch. The people of the Brocken Rock Reservation wanted to expand their land and take some of John’s by any means but he was not amused. As the native of Broken Rock, they wanted to reclaim John’s ranch which they believed was stolen from their ancestors and meant to be their birthright. Thankfully, Yellowstone has recently become a franchise with the addition of the prequel shows, 1883 and 1923, which give fans an insight into how the Dutton family acquired the land.  Yellowstone season 5 returns to Paramount Network in the USA and Paramount+ in the UK in Summer of 2023. 