Florence in Italy, and the Greek islands of Rhodes, Santorini, and Corfu came high on the list of desired destinations. And location, value for money, and affordability are the top factors people consider before booking their 2023 break. The research was commissioned by Celebrity Cruises to launch its interactive Find the “X” challenge, to win a free luxury cruise holiday for two. Jo Rzymowska, EMEA managing director at the company, said: “It’s just on our doorstep, yet Europe holds so much to experience. “I’m not surprised to see iconic cities in Italy, Greece, and Spain feature so high on travellers’ priority list. “There are so many unique places to visit throughout Europe, and Celebrity Cruises sails to every one of these top 25 destinations. “As people are wanting to explore unknown shores, they should feel inspired to join us to visit some of the most loved locations such as Barcelona and Rome, sailing on our Edge Series ships – but also visit some of the lesser-known places on this list, too.” The study also found that 39 percent agree holidays are a high priority for them in 2023, with almost one in ten (nine percent) considering them a top priority. And four in ten (39 percent) are looking forward to embracing a bit of local culture in their holiday this year. Cultural authenticity, lots of activities to take part in, and being able to take beautiful photos, all influence those looking to book a dream trip. And when it comes to accommodation, connectivity is key – with 58 percent of people putting Wi-Fi at the top of their list of must-haves. Brits are looking to get more for their money in 2023 by consolidating holiday costs, with 36 percent appreciating the benefits of booking everything together in one go as a package holiday. And holiday goers are still looking for value, even for luxury offerings – and are delighted to get extras included like dining options, drinks, or a spa. Discounts for booking early, and managing to secure premium accommodation as part of the trip, are also highly appreciated. The Find the “X” competition, launched by Celebrity Cruises to celebrate its European seven-night sailings, challenges the eagle-eyed to examine five mega-high-resolution images of Dubrovnik, Florence, Santorini, Barcelona, and Athens. Camouflaged within the scenery of each image is an X-shaped logo containing a unique code. Zooming in and cracking the puzzle with all five codes allows entry into a draw to win a trip aboard a Celebrity Cruises ship, with a choice of sailings across Europe. The four billion pixel images were created by specialist gigapixel photographer, Will Pearson. Jo Rzymowska, from Celebrity Cruises, added: “We are thrilled to announce the launch of this new interactive challenge, which brings to life some of the stunning destinations we sail to in Europe, as well as giving away an incredible luxury cruise holiday for two to a lucky winner. “The beautiful images highlight the unique beauty and charm of these magnificent cities, allowing in-depth discovery of the places our ships visit, and give a small glimpse into just what you can discover when you travel with us.”