Chris Eubank Sr has wished his son Chris Eubank Jr the best of luck ahead of his middleweight clash with British rival Liam Smith later tonight. The Boxing legend told Jr to trust his 19 years of training and warned his opponent about the Brighton boxers pedigree. Taking to Twitter, he wrote: "Good luck, Son. As I’ve always taught you, the harder you train, the luckier you become... You started your training camp 19 years ago, so to @Liambeefysmith and your team....YOU'VE BEEN WARNED." In the lead-up to fight night, both men have made it clear that they do not like each other and there has been a great a deal of interest generated from their pre-fight press events. However, things were taken too far at Thursday's final press conference. The British Boxing Board of Control has announced that the pair's conduct is ‘under consideration’ after a particularly ugly exchange in which homophobic comments were made. Starting off the back-and-forth, Smith shouted:"You go on about girls, has anybody in this room ever seen you with a girl? You got something to tell us? You are 33 and you said on the programme you want kids." "This is for no laughs I am just asking, do you want to tell us something? You are putting up pictures with Neymar in limousines. No one in this room has seen you with a women. If you are happy just tell us; it isn't a dig. You have to have a women to have a kid." To which, Eubank Jr replied: "Listen, my private life is my private life. That is irrelevant to the boxing but I am happy and comfortable. What would you like to know Liam? If you want to get personal, talking about being gay? I've been told you cheat on your wife. I'd rather be gay than a cheat. If you would like to ask me a question just slide into my DMs." MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul advised to 'swerve' Fury despite being considered 'big favourite' Fury boxing 'Paris-sized' Usyk as Brit told wife has bigger shoulders Eubank Jr set for colossal payday versus Smith as fight purses leaked  Speaking after the incident, Eubank Jr said that Smith 'embarrassed himself' and affirmed that there is 'no place for discrimination in boxing'. Next Gen made his stance clear by wearing a rainbow armband to the weigh-in, in support of the LGBTQIA+ community. "We don’t discriminate… we don’t alienate. We want boxing & sport as a whole, to be all inclusive," he followed up in a tweet. 