Ash Barty is set to make a return to tennis at this month’s Australian Open, but not out competing on the court. Barty shocked the tennis world in 2022, after retiring from the sport aged just 25, whilst sitting in the No. 1 spot in the world rankings. Despite her retirement, the Australian will be back at her home Grand Slam event this winter as she takes on a mentoring role with fellow Aussie Olivia Gadecki. Gadecki will feature in the main draw of the Australian Open for the first time later this month. Her entry comes after the 20-year-old received a wildcard entry into the opening Grand Slam of 2023. Gadecki missed the 2022 event due to her COVID-19 vaccination status, similar to two-time men’s champion Novak Djokovic. Speaking at the United Cup in Sydney, the world No. 202 confirmed she would have one of the sport’s best in Barty by her side for the Australian Open. She told the Australian Associated Press: “I’ve been really fortunate to always be able to contact her if I have any questions or if I need advice. JUST IN: Roger Federer snubs extraordinary offer to play doubles at Australian Open “She has always been there for me. The best part is she just treats me like a normal person and we can relate in that regard and off court is just as important as on court.” Gadecki also discussed missing out on last year’s event and deciding not to get vaccinated against COVID-19. Revealing she knew the consequences that she would face, Gadecki said: “Look, I knew what my decision entailed and just focused on doing the best I could with what I've got and just tried to play the rest of the year. DON'T MISSRafael Nadal gets warning from Novak Djokovic ahead of Australian OpenDjokovic may be ruled out of playing Indian Wells and Miami MastersDjokovic warned 'emotional baggage' may harm chance at Australian Open “Last year was a bit tough with injuries. I've been struggling a little bit for the last five or six months.” Focussing on the positives ahead of her in 2023, the 20-year-old went on: “I'm fortunate enough to be given the opportunity of playing main-draw Australian Open, which has been a dream of mine from a very young age. “I know I can play at a top level but I'm just looking at all the little things I have to do well to get there. I'm just looking to enjoy the experience and hopefully get a couple of matches under my belt.”