A woman from Edinburgh lost £21,996.38 to a scammer pretending to be from her bank Santander in what police are calling an "extremely convincing" scam. Although the woman wishes to remain anonymous, police have shared some details in order to protect others from falling victim to fraudsters. Santander called the fraudsters "ruthless" and issued a scam warning to its customers. The woman from Edinburgh became suspicious and contacted Santander directly who confirmed the call was not genuine. An investigation by Santander found the money had been transferred into a fraudster's account, meaning the bank was able to recover £16,996.38. Unfortunately, the remaining £5,000 could not be retrieved as it had already been transferred to other accounts. Chris Ainsley, Head of Fraud Risk Management, Santander UK: “Scammers are ruthless. Taking on the persona of someone from your bank, the police, or even a utility provider – criminals will do what they can to convince you to part with your money." READ MORE: Barclays issues warning to Britons after man scammed on doorstep However, he warned people not to react to pressure and to stop speaking to someone if they are unsure. Mr Ainsley said: "If someone is pressurising you to transfer money to another account – whatever the reason - hang up the phone or don’t reply to the message and give your bank a call using the number on the back of your card or by dialling 159.” Meanwhile, another woman has shared some warning signs that people can look out for after scammers stole her personal details. Marie Black, 26, was a victim of identity fraud after her personal details were used to take out multiple credit cards and insurance in her name.  She said: “I do believe it’s getting more realistic, and that banks and insurance companies must continuously improve their security systems. "Don’t fear saying no to the person you speak to and hang up the phone. No company sends you texts that lead to links where you need to fill in your bank details. “Go to your bank in person or find their website and contact the number on their website. "Don’t call back the same number that called you. If you’re ever unsure, check with your family or friends.”  Santander shared its tips for avoiding scams: "Remember the golden rule: No bank will ever call you out of the blue and ask you to move money into another account. This is always a scam. "Take a breath: The hallmark of a scam is being rushed. Take a moment to digest the information before acting. "When in doubt: Hang up and contact your bank using the number on the back of your bank card. "No sliding into DMs: Scammers often make contact through social media and other communication channels, and some even go as far as pretending to be a friend or loved one in need of help. Always be cautious if you receive a request for money this way." Santander is also warning people not to fall for an official-looking letter claiming to be from the bank after one woman highlighted this issue on Twitter. Twitter user Erin (@katrazzed) said: “The letter came in a Santander envelope so could seem real, but googling the phone number, it seems it’s a scam again.” The fake message reads: “We want to let you know there’s an overdue amount of £77.29 on your account. “Whilst this payment is outstanding, we’ve blocked your credit card account. This means you won’t be able to use your credit card until you’ve made the payment."  