Former Geordie Shore star and Bellator veteran Aaron Chalmers has called out KSI after the British content creator took a sly dig at his upcoming clash with Floyd Mayweather. KSI – whose real name is JJ Olatunji – mocked the announcement that Chalmers would be boxing Mayweather in his UK debut and The Joker has taken exception. Chalmers welcomes the American legend to a British ring for the first time ever on February 25 at the O2 Arena, London. Muay Thai star Liam Harrison was the initially confirmed opponent, but the Brit was forced to pull out due to an ongoing shoulder injury with Chalmers stepping in. The Newcastle man is no stranger to combat sports having fought professionally in both MMA and boxing. Chalmers has competed seven times inside the cage (5-2) and once in the squared circle (1-0) including a two-year stint with renowned MMA promotion Bellator. After having his second boxing bout cancelled last month, Chalmers was on the lookout for his next opponent and stumbled across the perfect opportunity through an acquaintance from Mayweather’s team. “All I’m going to say is it’s not what you know, it’s who you know. I knew someone from the Money Team, I spent a weekend with him in Belgium a couple of years ago, he looked after me and we got on like a house on fire,” he told iFL TV. “I caught wind that he was one of the guys who was booking it (Mayweather’s UK debut). So, I sent him a message and within minutes I got a text message, ‘ring me ASAP’ and now here we are.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Hearn stands by Davis comments after being accused of 'racial tropes' Joshua told 'there's something wrong' if he doesn't blast out Franklin Wilder brags 'fighters take steroids to face him' as Ruiz swatted away But not everyone was as thrilled as Chalmers at the news, KSI took aim at the matchmaking, commenting ‘major yawn’ underneath a poster for the bout and now Chalmers has responded by affirming that he will ‘smoke’ the crossover boxing sensation. “I would smoke him, I would f***ing smoke him no danger, no danger whatsoever. It's easy to fight two boys on one night that have never boxed before. We can all do that. 'Major yawn'. Let's see if it’s 'major yawn' when I get through Floyd, see if he wants it then." He added: “I was going to be fighting on the Misfits [Boxing] but I spoke to Mams [Taylor], I hadn’t signed though, and I said, ‘look as you know there’s a big opportunity’ (Floyd Mayweather) and he said was like, ‘listen, you go do what you got to do.’ And I spoke to Mams a couple of hours ago just asking him what the plan would be after so there are loads of avenues but now KSI has said major yawn, that’s the fight to be made.”