Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has focused on incomings so far in the January transfer window. However, there could be a couple of players who head through the exit door at the Emirates before Tuesday's deadline. Arsenal have made two signings so far, bringing in Leandro Trossard and Jakub Kiwior. Winger Trossard arrived from Brighton for a fee of up to £27million, while Kiwior cost an initial £17.5m. Arteta was unable to land his top target Mykhaylo Mudryk, who instead joined Chelsea. Failure to land the Ukraine star has left money in the budget to make further additions. A midfielder is the priority incoming for Arteta but there are also three players who potentially could be leaving the Premier League leaders. Express Sport looks at each player individually and assesses their chances of leaving. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Cedric's move to Fulham is still yet to be announced. He looks set to join on loan for the remainder of the season, with the Cottagers covering his entire wages. The Portugal international has made just four appearances in all competitions this term. Ben White's success at right-back has put him even further down the pecking order at the Emirates. Arsenal have been interested in signing young Spanish full-back Ivan Fresneda. However, a deal for the teenager may have to wait until the summer. DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart  Arsenal fans were excited after Edu unearthed another youngster from Brazil last summer. There was hope he could have a similar impact to when Gabriel Martinelli first joined in 2019. However, after scoring on his Gunners debut in the Europa League, it has been a struggle for the winger. Marquinhos has made just five further appearances under Arteta to date. He has been a regular among the substitutes of late but Arteta has been reluctant to use him. He has played just eight minutes since Christmas and a loan could be beneficial to his development.  Lokonga would only be allowed to leave on loan if Arsenal bring in a midfielder. Moises Caicedo is the top target and Arteta may permit the Belgian to go if a deal can be agreed with Brighton. Lokonga has taken criticism from Arsenal supporters of late and there is a clear drop off when he comes into the team in place of Thomas Partey. There were high hopes for him when he arrived from Anderlecht 18 months ago. Vincent Kompany once described him as the next Yaya Toure. Regular football elsewhere may enable him to rediscover that promise.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here