Prince Harry has been slammed in the US for his latest interview "whining" about the Royal Family, with one celebrity saying it feels like "Groundhog Day". Bethenny Frankel, a former Real Housewives of New York City star, has said "you never have to speak to them again" after seeing a clip from his sit-down with Anderson Cooper for 60 Minutes. The Duke of Sussex, 38, discussed his upcoming memoir, Spare, explaining his decision to go public with concerns about the Firm. On her TikTok, Frankel said: "I just looked at my feed and I saw Harry talking to Anderson Cooper. Is this new content? Is this 2023? I feel like it's groundhog day! "I woke up, I'm Billy Murray and the groundhog is telling me what the weather is again. Can we be done now? When do we get to be done, 2024? "We watched it. We got it. We're sorry. Racism exists. The monarchy is archaic. You had a rough time of it. Here's a couple of hundred million for your podcast, book and documentary and go with god and enjoy your life with your beautiful wife and family in the United States of America. "Since you can't stand those people so much, you never have to speak to them again if you don't want to and you never have to go to the UK again. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry use Oprah comment to moan about size of royal cottage "We want the babies to just stop crying and we're going to leave them in the other room but you guys just want to be held and picked up and keep whining." It comes as Harry said he wants his father and brother back during an ITV interview due to be released this Sunday, two days before his memoir is published. But in the separate 60 Minutes interview with CBS News, set to air the same day, Harry also criticises Buckingham Palace over an alleged failure to defend him and his wife, the Duchess of Sussex, before they stepped down as senior royals. The Duke also reveals to the US broadcaster that he would not return to the institution as a full-time royal. In a clip, released on Monday, Harry tells Cooper he felt there was a lack of protection for him and Meghan against stories in the media, commenting: "There comes a point when silence is betrayal."  Harry also says: "Every single time I've tried to do it privately, there have been briefings and leakings and planting of stories against me and my wife. "The family motto is 'never complain, never explain', but it's just a motto." Both CBS and ITV have released snippets of the Duke's conversations ahead of the full interviews being televised. In a series of clips from the Duke's ITV conversation, Harry tells presenter Tom Bradby "It never needed to be this way", and refers to "the leaking and the planting", before adding: "I want a family, not an institution." DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry warned they 'will regret' airing family drama [INSIGHT]Prince Harry sparks 'worry' with book publishers [ANALYSIS]William and Kate 'can't ignore' Harry's major 'punch to Royal Family' [VIDEO] He also says "they feel as though it is better to keep us somehow as the villains" and "have shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile", although it is unclear who he is referring to. Filmed in California where the Duke now lives, ITV said 'Harry: The Interview' will go into "unprecedented depth and detail" about his life in and outside the Royal Family.  Mr Bradby, a former royal correspondent and current presenter of ITV News at Ten, is a friend of the Sussexes and previously interviewed them for a documentary about their 2019 Africa tour.