The 60-year-old, who normally presents via video link from London, was joining celebrations for the show's 40th anniversary, and the programme saw the presenters looking back at the first episode, which was then called Breakfast Time. As Carol Kirkwood expressed her excitement for former weather host Francis Wilson to be joining them, Jon Kay claimed she was really just looking forward to a "rest", which caused her to roll her eyes at her colleague.  As part of the special 40th-anniversary edition, the stars were looking back at some of the original episodes and archive footage. After a weather update from Carol, Jon stated: "You're going to give us a bit of a retro forecast later!" "Oh yes - Francis Wilson is going to be here!" she replied excitedly. "Yes, the Francis Wilson!" Sally Nugent repeated, referring to one of the first weather forecasters on the show. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s threats to Royal Family are ‘tantamount to blackmail’ "Well, he's going to be doing the weather and he's going to be using some rather nice charts. Wait till you see them!" Carol added. "Just like he did on that first Breakfast," Jon remarked. Carol responded: "Yes, very much like that. I can't wait, and he's got his jumper on as well." "You can't wait because he gives you a bit of a rest!" Jon assumed. Laughing, a stunned Carol gasped: "Jon!" as she rolled her eyes at her colleague. "Have a sit down!" Jon continued as Sally added: "Like a job share!" Earlier, Carol had reflected on some her first role on the BBC programme. After Jon and Sally had reminisced about some of the early episodes, Jon explained: "Someone else who was here almost at the beginning, but back in 1983 behind the scenes, and in front of the camera this morning, Carol!" DON'T MISS... Police Commissioner says '100s' of officers 'shouldn't be working' [VIDEO]Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [LATEST]Phillip Schofield tells Prince Harry to 'shut up' about royals [VIDEO] "Oh, I remember it well," the weather presenter beamed. "Do you know, looking at Debbie there, I remember doing autocue for Debbie [Moran] and she had the most fabulous earrings!" Carol enthused: "They were great big round pearls!" "We can ask her about them when she comes in," Sally suggested. "I wonder if she's wearing them," Carol stated, to which Jon added: "She can lend them to you!"  "With any luck!" Carol laughed. Later, Carol got to chat to Francis. He also presented a forecast using the graphic he would have worked with back in the day. Carol led a round of applause for the 73-year-old. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.