Mr Bailey is now optimistic the UK will have an “easier path” out of a recession that is expected to be “long but shallow”. Households nationwide have been shaken by financial turmoil that has seen interest rates rocket and the cost of living spiral. Economies are powered by the confidence of investors and consumers and Mr Bailey’s words signal that happier days for families and businesses are not far off. Britain understands that inflation is toxic and must be tackled. It shreds savings and forces up interest rates, plunging mortgage owners into deep anxiety. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has made halving inflation a personal priority. He is in no hurry to introduce tax cuts that could fuel inflation and has said that people are “not idiots” and understand his logic. The horrendous increase in the cost of everyday items has stripped households of disposable income. This makes it even more difficult for our struggling high streets to recover from the legacy of the pandemic. These are tough days for millions of people but the country yearns for prosperity and Britons will work hard to provide the best possible lives for their families. This tenacity and ambition should give the Bank’s Governor confidence in the resilience and potential of Britain. We will not surrender to pessimism but grasp every opportunity to build a better nation. Evidence that the flu outbreak may have peaked will hearten heroic healthcare workers who are locked in a battle to save lives. The fall in the average number of patients with influenza on wards in England from 5,262 at the start of last month to 3,447 last week suggests we are heading out of this ordeal. This has been the worst flu season for a decade and has come at a time of “near record” numbers of people who are fit for discharge but unable to leave hospital because of a lack of suitable care. The inadequacy of Britain’s social care system puts the NHS under profound pressure. The case for brave reform is as clear as it is urgent. A slimmed-down Coronation will still be a fantastic event. Commons authorities are planning for 3,000 guests compared with 8,000 in 1953. In this era of belt-tightening it is no surprise King Charles wants to rein in the scale of the occasion, but we can look forward to pageantry unmatched on this planet. Memories will be forged that will be treasured for generations.