Frank Lampard has spoken for the first time since he was sacked as Everton manager by sending a heartwarming message to the club's fans thanking them for their support. The 44-year-old was dismissed on Monday by owner Farhad Moshiri after 11 months in charge and the ex-Chelsea boss admitted he was "disappointed" not to able to continue in his role. Lampard's sacking did not come as a surprise after the Englishman was put under intense pressure following the club's dire run of form, with nine defeats in 12 Premier League games leaving the Toffees down in 19th place with only 15 points from 20 games. Despite keeping Everton up last season, the 2-0 loss against West Ham was deemed to be the last straw with owner Moshiri in attendance at the London Stadium. Fan unrest has also contributed to an unstable period at the club, with calls for the board to resign over their handling of club affairs. Lampard, addressing his departure publicly for the first time, had nothing but praise for the club and its fans for their support while he was in charge after giving a glowing tribute. READ MORE: Everton sacking Lampard may have cost club second transfer in Dembele "Coming in to Everton last year I knew we were in a tough moment and I will always be proud of the incredible work and support from everyone involved to keep the team in the Premier League last season," he wrote on his official Instagram page to his 5.9million followers. "Thanks to everybody that played their part as the whole club came together. I will never forget the incredible night against Palace that we shared. I want to thank all Evertonians for the welcome that you gave to myself, my staff, and my family. It truly is a special club with a huge heart, and an incredible history. "I’m disappointed that we couldn’t achieve more together and wish all the players and everyone at Everton FC the very best for the future." DON'T MISSEverton 'dressing room bust-up' as Lampard ordered star to train aloneEverton board have six options for new manager as Lampard sackedEverton sack Frank Lampard as West Ham defeat final straw for club Lampard leaves Goodison Park with the Merseyside club currently enduring something of a crisis both on and off the pitch. Moshiri has been forced to deny reports that he wants to sell the club for £500m, with funding needed to complete their new stadium. And in the transfer market, Everton were set to sign Arnaut Danjuma after undergoing a medical and posing for pictures with the club's media team. Hours later, the Dutchman put pen to paper with Tottenham on a loan deal, while Anthony Gordon and Amadou Onana could both leave in the current transfer window. Former Leeds coach Marcelo Bielsa looks set to take charge after flying in for talks on Thursday, with the Argentinian seeking clarity on the club's transfer plans before the deadline on January 31. As for Lampard, the Chelsea hero will be looking for his third job in the space of two years after leaving his former club in January 2021.