  Anne Hegerty, 64, couldn’t help but laugh after seeing the display around Prince Harry’s new memoir in one particular bookshop. The Chase quizzer’s post comes after the Duke of Sussex, 38, caused a huge stir with a series of claims in bombshell publication, Spare.      Yesterday, Twitter user Chris Rose shared a photograph of the window display of an indie bookshop based in Swindon called Bert’s Books. “The winner of best window display goes to @bertsbooks,” he penned with a laughing emoji. The picture showed copies of the royal’s new book cheekily interspersed with copies of Bella Mackie’s best seller, How To Kill Your Family. Anne then reacted to the post with a Rolling on the Floor Laughing emoji, with the caption “PMSL”, which means “p***ing myself laughing”. READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss     People took to the comments section to share their thoughts on the post, with Delroy writing: “Get off his back please!”  While under the original post, Robin penned: “Brilliant. That deserves a prize.” Miss Wimpey added: “I think this is brilliant. Full marks for thinking outside the box.”     Brian was less impressed, furiously commenting: “Throw that trash in the bin where it belongs! Harry can p**s off.” Anne’s post comes after Prince Harry slammed the royals’ relationship with the press in an ITV interview on Sunday The programme, entitled Harry - The Interview, saw the Duke of Sussex defend the bold claims he made in his debut book. “I love my father, I love my brother, I love my family,” he began during his sitdown with journalist Tom Bradby. READ MORE... Gordon Ramsay accidentally drops baby news in on-air quip [BREAKING] James Jordan left speechless as Ola parades around in red lingerie [NEWS] Cliff Richard's agony as friend who lived with him for 30 years dies [NEWS]       He went on to insist he had no intention of hurting or harming them, but with regards to the tabloid press, said that “certain members have decided to get in bed with the devil” to rehabilitate their own images. Stating that this was “their choice” he continued: “But the moment that rehabilitation comes at the detriment to others, me, other members of my family, that’s where I draw the line.” In excerpts from Spare that were read aloud during his interview last night, Prince Harry wrote that his interests had been “sacrificed” to Camilla’s “PR altar”. He also previously claimed that his stepmother had turned his bedroom into her own private dressing room as soon as he left the family home.     Asked if he felt he had been “pretty consistently scathing” about his father King Charles’ second wife, he replied: “Scathing? “There’s no part of any of the things that I’ve said that are scathing towards any member of my family, especially not my stepmother. “There are things that have happened that have been incredibly hurtful, some in the past, some current.” Express.co.uk previously contacted Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s representatives and Buckingham Palace for comment. Harry - The Interview is available to watch now on ITVX.   