Whatever your personal style, there are plenty of potential to increase the value of your home with some “clever” interior features. According to The Advisory, interior design can increase your property value by as much as five to 10 percent, and full remodels can make even more of a difference. This means it could be well worth your time to consider different ways to upgrade your home. Experts from the interiors retailer Casa Bella Furniture, said: “One of the key aspects that buyers look at when viewing a property is whether the bathrooms are up-to-date and nicely decorated. “So, if you want to boost your property value, this is a great place to start. Ensure that all of your bathrooms are modern and the fittings are new, clean, and working perfectly.” A new bathroom could actually add up to four to five percent to your property value, so it is a change which could make a huge difference. Whether stripping the bathroom or looking to make some changes to an existing suite, consider bringing more “luxury” into the bathroom design. READ MORE: Kitchen pros share five ‘simple’ tips to save money on bills The experts said this includes features such as a heated towel rail. They added: “You can also go for luxe yet subtle decor in the bathroom, using cream, beige, pale blues, or pinks to create a clean, crisp aesthetic that will wow property viewers.” Painting is often an affordable way to update the home, and often the “easiest”, according to the pros. They explained: “This is an easy way to not only make the walls look like new, but to also create a coherent, pristine aesthetic that will appeal to prospective buyers as well as be pleasant for you, your family, and friends to experience at home. “Prospective buyers prefer neutral colours because when they visit a property, they want to be able to imagine their own lifestyle and decor touches within its walls and this can be made harder when a property is decked out in bright, accent shades.” DON'T MISS: Four bathroom decor choices to avoid - can look ‘cheap’ and ‘messy’ [COMMENT]Dry laundry with ‘brilliant’ sheet method - dries in ‘half the time’ [INSIGHT]10 DIY tips when painting to achieve a ‘professional finish’ [EXPLAINER] Panelling has been extremely popular over the last couple of years and continues to be a trend which more and more people are implementing into their homes. It makes a space look chic and helps to add texture to any room in the home. The pros continued: “Colours that are great for creating attractive homes for sale are modern, neutral, and coordinated. So, try to choose a palette for your rooms that builds on these concepts. “Good choices are various shades of white and off-white as well as clean, cool-toned pastels.” READ MORE: Easy banana peel method to ‘provide an advantage’ to rose plants Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea As well as bathrooms, kitchens are another room in the home which are extremely popular when it comes to house price. Adding a new kitchen can add as much as 25 percent onto the current value of your home. The experts noted: “So, especially if you live in an older house, it might be worth committing to remodelling the kitchen, as this will not only raise the value of your home, but also make it a much easier and more pleasant place to cook in the meantime. “Open-plan kitchen and dining spaces have been very popular for a long time, but with the advent of many people working from home, the delineation of work and relaxing spaces has become more important. “This means that it’s increasingly popular to have separate spaces again. If you have an older property, it might already be set up this way and so there is no great need to turn it into an open-plan space. “What you should do, however, is focus on modernising what’s already there: this might mean having things like German-style, integrated cabinets, or integrated lighting fixtures.” One of the easiest changes you can make to your home is rearranging the furniture which can give it a whole new look. You might also want to invest in some new pieces or upcycle some older furniture to create a modernised, new look. The experts explained: “You might also want to arrange your furniture so that it forms cluster seating, which encourages people to socialise and can instantly make the room look more welcoming when someone enters it to view the house. “Choosing furniture with built-in storage options can also add to a crisp, modern feel as it will reduce the need for extra storage solutions like shelving throughout the rooms, thereby opening up more space and offering more of a sleek feeling. You can also play on the balance between modern and vintage aesthetics by upcycling older furniture, such as adding a modern pastel paint shade to an old wooden coffee table.”