Former world No.1 Naomi Osaka looks increasingly likely to miss the opening Grand Slam tournament of the season as Australian Open officials 'don't know where' the Japanese star is. With just 11 days until the major tournament begins and tennis stars flocking to Melbourne, Osaka is still believed to be in America. The Australian Associated Press believe that officials appear 'quietly resigned' that the two-time champion will not appear in Melbourne for the tournament. The Australian Open first round draw will be made next Thursday and all eyes will be on whether Osaka withdraws or makes an unlikely last minute trip to the event. The four-time Grand Slam winner won the Australian Open in both 2019 and 2021 but hasn't played a competitive tennis match for over three months since pulling out of the Pan Pacific Open in Tokyo after suffering abdominal pain. The Japanese star endured an injury-plagued year in 2022 with her best performance coming by reaching the Miami Open in April dropping down to world No.42 Tennis fans fear that the Osaka might never return after seemingly put aside her early season preparations to take a trip around Europe with rapper boyfriend Cordae. In an Instagram post titled “Europe”, Osaka was in France and posed for a picture sitting with her partner in front of the Mona Lisa. READ MORE: Emma Raducanu and Naomi Osaka inspire new drama from Line Of Duty producers   The women's tennis star seems to have returned from Europe now and was tagged in a photo taken in a Los Angeles pilates studio last night. Osaka was beaten in the first round of her previous three tournaments, including the US Open. She took a mental health break quitting the 2021 French Open because she did not want to speak at press conferences and was worried about competing in last year's tournament - going out in the first round. Osaka has previously spoken about struggling with depression and anxiety during her tennis career.  DON'T MISS:  Last month the former world No.1 seemed to confirm that she would return to the tennis court this season after getting the "itch". Away from the court Osaka has a host of endorsement deals and partnered with Stuart Duguid to form her own sports agency. She also wrote her own children's book titled: "The way champs play." She told Good Morning America: "I feel like I'm a very curious person, so I've really been grateful to have been given all these avenues to explore, so I'm definitely looking forward to doing a lot of stuff, but I am a tennis player, so, if I don't play tennis for too long, I get an itch.” 