Ronnie O'Sullivan played the pantomime villiain as he was jeered by some members of the crowd following his Masters win over Luca Brecel. The seven-time winner of the Triple Crown event looked in ominous form in his first round match, brushing aside Belgian player Luca Brecel 6-1 to cruise into the quarter-finals. The icon has been heavily backed to win again at the Alexandra Palace, despite appearing to be at odds with snooker last year. Firstly, he upset Judd Trump after failing to congratulate his rival after his 147 in the Champion of Champions final, claiming he didn't see maximum breaks as a big achievement. He also implied he no longer cared if he won or lost matches, and failed to get excited by walking into arenas. His comments upset the likes of Shaun Murphy, who argued the star should be a role model and his attitude would have a detrimental effect on youngsters. O'Sullivan has remained defiant, despite gearing up for a title at a record breaking eighth world title at The Crucible in April. But after beating Brecel, he did at least appear to be jesting when he again voiced his disillusionment with the sport. JUST IN: Snooker chief puts timeframe on match-fixing probe as controversy overshadows Masters Immediately afterwards, he was asked if he still felt the buzz when he first walked out and heard the reception from the fans. He replied: "No not really." That was met with a mixture of jeers and laughter, but he swiftly retracted with "No, I'm only joking." Admitting his opponent "wasn't quite there," O'Sullivan then insisted he does care about his game. He said that he doesn't want to feel "defined or disappointed by snooker," and that he loves the game "and loves competing." DON'T MISS:Snooker plunged into more chaos as eighth player is suspended amid match-fixing probeSnooker left reeling on another dark day as Yan Bingtao becomes seventh player suspendedRonnie O'Sullivan leaves English Open opponent laughing as he gets away with two flukes  O'Sullivan had earlier had to keep his cool when being the victim of a terrible kick when 2-0 up. He overcame that to make it 3-0, before a century break from Brecel gave him hope at the interval. But the second seed then made the highest break of the tournament so far with a 134 to reassume control. He then wrapped up his comprehensive win with another century, followed by a half century.