Journalist Anderson Cooper asked Prince Harry to explain why he has not dropped his royal titles. The royal’s 60 Minute interview on CBS News aired on 7:30pm Eastern Time Sunday evening, which is half midnight for British viewers.  In the interview, Anderson Cooper asked Prince Harry: “Why not renounce your titles as Duke and Duchess?” Prince Harry responded: “What difference would that make?” To which Anderson Cooper said: “One of the criticisms that you've received is that okay, fine, you wanna move to California, you wanna step back from the institutional role. “Why be so public? Why reveal conversations you've had with your father or-- with your brother? You say you tried to do this privately.”  Prince Harry says that he “tried to do it privately”, in regard to speaking with his family. He said: “There have been briefings and leakings and planting of stories against me and my wife. “You know, the family motto is never complain, never explain. But it's just a motto.” Anderson Cooper interrupted the royal and said: “There's a lotta complaining and a lot of explaining.” READ MORE: Tom Bradby needed ‘long lie down’ after reading Harry’s memoir Prince Harry said he would never leak stories about his family, but was now “trying to speak a language that perhaps they will understand”. He said to Anderson Cooper: “I will sit here and speak truth to you with the words that come out of my mouth, rather than using someone else, an unnamed source, to feed in lies or a narrative to a tabloid media that literally radicalises its readers to then potentially cause harm to my family, my wife, my kids.” Prince Harry’s interview with Anderson Cooper is the second that aired on Sunday evening, with the first being with ITV’s Tom Bradby. Tom Bradby also asked Prince Harry about his thoughts on people who believe the Duke of Sussex should “stop talking” and “shut up” about the Royal Family. He told the royal that “there are a lot of people in Britain who support you, [and] there are a lot of people in Britain who are annoyed with you.” DON'T MISS:Harry thanks Jeremy Clarkson for ‘proving our point’ [REVEAL]'Dangerous' Camilla showed 'open willingness' to deal with press [INSIGHT]Prince Harry tells of private moment with the Queen after her death [REPORT] Prince Harry’s series of interviews promoting his new memoir ‘Spare’ comes at a time the Duke of Sussex’s popularity has been declining with the British public. A YouGov poll from December showed that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s popularity plummeted after their Netflix documentary was released. Both the Sussexes were the second and third most unpopular royals in terms of net favorability, with Prince Harry at -26 percent and Meghan Markle at -39 percent net favorability. The most unpopular royal was Prince Andrew overall, at 79 percent net favorability. Beth Kühnel Mann, a research executive at YouGov, said that ‘Spare’ will likely continue to reduce the popularity of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. She said: “We saw them both take a hit to their popularity in December, so when looking forward to the impact the memoir might have, we shouldn’t expect it to be positive.” 