Chelsea fans have been called out by Thiago Silva’s wife in an amusing video posted to social media during the Blues’ Premier League defeat by Manchester City. Belle Silva has slammed supporters who do not create an atmosphere at Stamford Bridge and posted a video of her starting a supportive chant during the game. Riyad Mahrez scored the only goal of the game to condemn Chelsea to yet another defeat. The atmosphere grew toxic as Graham Potter’s side stumbled to a sixth defeat of the season - as many as they suffered throughout the entirety of 2021-22. The wife of defender Silva was clearly not happy with the lack of support, though. She shared a video to Twitter in which she appeared surprised at the lack of atmosphere, and then attempted to start a chant of her own. Mrs Silva wrote on the social media platform: “Don’t come to Stamford Bridge if you’re not going to sing. COME ON CHELSEA!” JUST IN: Guardiola claims he made Man City subs v Chelsea because of journalist Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE In the accompanying video, she pans around the crowd as they boo with a shocked expression on her face. She then shouts: “Come on Chelsea!” She then repeats the words to start a more positive chant. Amusingly, fans begin to copy and the atmosphere becomes more supportive. Chelsea are a lowly 10th after another disappointing result. The west Londoners have won just one of their last nine Premier League matches. Head coach Potter believes the club cannot think about finishing in the top four at the present time. “I think given the situation we’re in, to think about what is going to happen in five months’ time is the wrong path for us. We just have to focus on the next day and the next game,” the 47-year-old said. DON'T MISS...Chelsea boss Potter issues snappy response to Enzo Fernandez questionChelsea urged to copy Man Utd and Arsenal transfer trick in JanuaryChelsea transfer tactics 'baffling' Jamie Carragher in brutal dig “We have to keep being together, keep the performance level we showed today, keep taking the challenges that come our way, and try to stay together as a team and as a club and move forward.” Chelsea will spend big in the January transfer window to improve Potter’s squad, despite now elevating their overall outlay for the season above a huge £300m. Forward David Datro Fofana and defender Benoit Badiashile have both joined in the first week of the winter window for a combined £42m. It comes amid reports that Benfica have pulled out of discussion to sell midfielder Enzo Fernandez to Chelsea. The Blues wanted a structured deal worth £37million every 12 months for three years, but the Portuguese giants want the World Cup winner’s £105m release clause paid in full.