A savvy homeowner in London made a staggering £25,342 in 2022 by renting out their five unused driveway parking spaces. Three drivers across the country who earnt the most from renting out their driveway collected just under a combined total of £60,000. However, one address in Liverpool proved that their two unused parking spots were individually worth the most, with their income reaching a combined total of £22,586. An address in the Southwest of England also brought in over £10,000 to complete the top three money-makers on the list. The data, from popular online parking portal YourParkingSpace.com, revealed that total income varied across the country. One homeowner in Cardiff, Wales, banked just over £2,500, while another set of three unused spaces in Edinburgh, Scotland made nearly £7,000 for their owner. READ MORE: Drivers could be fined £80 simply for clearing windscreen frost The league table highlighted the individual customers who generated the overall highest income in each region across the country. It demonstrated that collectively, the UK’s top nine earners made £85,354 throughout the year, proving that there is significant money to be made for homeowners through renting out their private driveways. Last year, registrations on the online parking portal increased to a staggering 108,000 locations, as more and more Britons sought ways to make extra income following the cost of living crisis that took hold of the country. Harrison Woods, CEO of YourParkingSpace.com, said it was “incredible” to see the sums earned in 2022, pointing to the “staggering” amount of money from the five spaces in London. DON'T MISSElectric car drivers can make use of 'magic' feature to avoid frost [HELPFUL]'It's key' for drivers to refill engine oil or risk major damage [INSIGHT]All UK drivers warned of huge fuel use spike without simple car check [WARNING] He added: “With many homeowners looking for different ways to make extra income last year, this latest set of numbers demonstrates how those with spare or unused driveway spaces can successfully use their prime parking locations to help ease financial worries which are impacting so many.” Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Woods is also warning motorists around the UK of the massive price increases for big events this year, with parking only adding to the cost. Sports fans attending this year’s big games, including events such as the Six Nations, the Women’s FA Cup Final or the Grand National, face eye-watering price increases of up to 28 percent compared with last year. With the Six Nations round the corner, and the average single ticket to watch it at Twickenham now costing over a staggering £100, the UK public is being encouraged to plan ahead and pre-book their parking. READ MORE: Driving test change introduced today will protect examiners from abuse This could save them up to 65 percent per match, when compared with official match-day parking. For instance, parking just a 14-minute walk from Twickenham Stadium with YourParkingSpace will cost motorists £3.25 per hour, compared to nearly £7 at a nearby public car park. Meanwhile, at the FA Women’s cup final on May 14, parking just a five-minute walk from Wembley Stadium will cost drivers £12.50 for the day versus a £40 flat fee with the official stadium parking. Mr Woods said: “These rises are pricing many people out of enjoying significant sporting events at a time when many are battling with increasing prices on basic commodities. “If you include the 5.9 percent increase to rail fares this year, a family day out to one of these events becomes pretty much unachievable for many.” Indeed, with the current uncertainty around public transport strikes, driving a car to venues may prove the popular option for many this year. Harrison concluded, saying: “Our site revealed that there are pre-bookable spots still available with many less than a 10-minute walk away from the venue. “Our parking spaces offer savings which negate the inflationary rises put up by the event organisers, a bonus during these tough times, whilst also often being located away from the busy main roads, enabling a quick getaway after events.”