This is the moment a three-year-old girl was thrown from a platform onto a live railway track after allegedly being pushed by a woman sitting behind her. CCTV shows a person wearing a chequered top standing up from a bench and appearing to push the toddler with their right arm, causing her to land “face-first” on the tracks.  The girl, who was pulled to safety by others waiting on the platform, miraculously escaped with just minor injuries - suffering a severe headache and a red mark on her head, police say. The incident unfolded as the youngster stood beside her mum on Portland’s Gateway Transit Center MAX stop in Oregon, US. Brianna Lace Workman, 32, was arraigned on Thursday on charges of attempted assault in the first degree, assault in the third degree, interfering with public transportation, disorderly conduct in the second degree and recklessly endangering another person.   She has been remanded in custody. In a statement, Multnomah County District Attorney Mike Schmidt said Ms Workman allegedly “shoved the child” off the platform “without provocation”, adding that she landed “face-first”. He said: “The charges stem from an incident on the evening of Wednesday, December 28, at the Gateway Transit Center MAX platform in Northeast Portland. READ MORE: Two men die after shooting each other in row at work, police say  “A mother and child were waiting for a MAX train when Workman allegedly shoved the child, aged three, off of the platform and onto the MAX train tracks without provocation. “The child landed face-first onto the metal rail and rocks before being quickly rescued from the train tracks. “The child reported a severe headache and had a small red mark on their forehead after the incident. DON'T MISS: Democrats release thousands of pages of 'fishy' Trump tax returns [SPOTLIGHT]Joe Biden attacked for being ‘hard at work’ playing golf [REVEAL]Neighbours of Idaho murder suspect say he kept a low profile [INSIGHT]  “The Multnomah County District Attorney’s Office has filed charges, including an offence for which Oregon law permits pretrial detention, and is requesting that Workman remain in custody and be held without bail. “A charging document is only an accusation of a crime. “Workman is innocent unless and until proven guilty.” 