Counter Terrorism Police are quizzing a man after a hospital had to be evacuated so an army bomb squad could investigate a "suspicious package" he had allegedly taken onto the site.The alarming incident at St James's Hospital, Leeds, also meant visitors were banned from visiting patients on wards. West Yorkshire Police arrested a 27-year-old man found in the hospital's car park shortly after 4am following a 999 call from a concerned member of the public.   Bomb disposal experts were then called as hospital staff moved patients away from the immediate vicinity of the Gledhow Wing, which houses the maternity ward. It is understood no explosive materials were found. The army's bomb disposal team has now left the scene. Having established the man’s identity, police alerted Counter Terrorism Policing North East whose officers have taken charge of the probe to ascertain the full circumstances surrounding the incident. A CTU North East spokesperson confirmed a 27-year-old man from Leeds has been arrested in connection with the matter. They added: "Due to the nature of the incident, CTP North East has deployed resources with access to specialist capabilities to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident."   The hospital issued an update on video, reassuring patients and the public as they worked to manage the situation with the emergency services. All visiting was suspended in the Gledhow Wing and Lincoln Wing but patients were asked to attend appointments as normal. Stephen Bush, consultant and Medical Director for Operations at Leeds Teaching Hospitals said: "If you are due to attend St James's Hospital today for an appointment, please do attend as normal unless you are contacted directly. "We have had to suspend all visiting for patients currently in the Gledhow Wing and the Lincoln Wing at St James's. "I'd like to reassure you that our accident and emergency department is fully open at St James's and whilst we work with police to manage the situation, please avoid the entrance at Gledhow Wing at this time, access to the hospital will be via the Alma Street entrance which is Bexley Wing or from Gledhow Road. "We will continue to provide updates to patients and the public on our website regularly." St James's Hospital has set up a maternity helpline for anyone with maternity care concerns. If someone has an urgent concern they can call the Maternity Assessment Centre on 0113 39 26731 prior to attending.