Lewis Capaldi is currently touring the UK in support of his latest album ‘Broken by Desire to Be Heavenly Sent’. The Scottish singer has made his return to performing this month and will be performing in Liverpool on Thursday January 19.   On Wednesday evening, Lewis Capaldi was in the middle of a song when he was forced to stop the show at the AO Arena in Manchester after he saw members of the audience fighting, reports claim. The musician was singing his single ‘Hold Me While You Wait’, a dramatic relationship ballad which reached number four in the UK charts, when he noticed a commotion breaking out in the arena. In video footage posted online, Lewis Capaldi is seen stopping the performance and holding out his hands up to signal to his live band and security to stop the fight. He said: "They are scrapping in the crowd there. Erm, we are going to have to get them out."    As the audience began to boo at the people who stopped the performance, the singer said: "We can't be fighting.” He then joked with the audience: "What a weird song to fight to. Bizarre, bizarre," which causes the audience to laugh. One fan who was at the concert spoke about the fight to the Manchester Evening News and said: "I couldn’t see the fight itself with the area being full, but Lewis Capaldi stopped the song and lit the area up in order for security to get to the fight. "He started the song again after taking the mick out of them for fighting. He started saying it was daft how anyone could fight to that song." READ MORE: Angela Rayner spotted watching Lewis Capaldi at Parklife festival  On Twitter, people have been praising the singer’s performance, while one fan joked: “How do you feel knowing you have the power to cause a fight while singing?” Another user said: “Only in Manchester do you need to stop the gig because there’s a fight during a ballad.” Someone else said: “Imaging starting a fight at a Lewis Capaldi gig!” While one concert-goer posted: “The Manchester show tonight was incredible! Apart from the MMA fight for ‘Hold Me While you Wait’.” DON'T MISS:Lewis Capaldi fans branded 'P****S' amid backlash to Aberdeen gig [REPORT]Lewis Capaldi leaves Brits viewers baffled and tells crowd to shut up [REVEAL]Paolo Nutini: Where is Paolo Nutini? Lewis Capaldi starts manhunt [INSIGHT] Despite the dramatic incident, fans have made it clear on social media that they still enjoyed the Scottish singer’s performance in Manchester and took to Twitter to thank Lewis Capaldi for a fun evening. One user said the Manchester performance was “incredible” and wrote to the singer: “Thank you for the amazing show!” Someone else said: “The Lewis Capaldi Concert at the AO Arena was unbelievable! Ridiculously good singer and a funny guy! Thank you for a brilliant night, all the best with the rest of your tour.” The evening was special for one fan, as they said they hadn’t been to the AO area since the Manchester attack in 2017. They wrote: “Haven’t been to Manchester Arena since the bombing. Thank you Lewis Capaldi for making every second worth coming to back to five years later.” 