Following a tumultuous year for the Conservatives, Rishi Sunak will be forced to reassure voters that another Tory Government is the best option for the country. A new poll which was shared with the i shows that Tory voters believe the party has failed to manage the NHS, austerity and education while in Government. The Opinium survey for Compassion in Politics concluded that a whopping 73 percent of Conservative voters believed that the NHS has been mismanaged and failed in the last 10 years. Compassion in Politics describes itself as a cross-party campaign organisation. Opinium questioned 2,000 British adults between December 16 and 20 with the results weighted to be nationally representative with nearly 700 respondents being Tory voters in 2019. Only 16 percent of those in the survey believed that the management of the NHS has been a success. In another blow to the Conservatives, 47 percent of voters who supported them in 2019 think that their austerity policies have failed, while 16 percent believe they were a success. Meanwhile, the majority of Tory 2019 supporters (46 percent) believe that education policies have failed, compared to 22 percent who think education reform has been a success. Tory voters’ opinions on the NHS and Education are largely in line with voters from all other parties. However, 57 percent believed that austerity was a failure which was a much bigger proportion of the total sample. The poll shows that Sunak has a challenge to reassure Tory voters as well as undecided voters to continue with a Conservative government in January 2025. While trying to win the favour of voters, the Prime Minister has a series of challenges to tackle which will see unpopular policies in order to restore the UK’s economy. READ MORE: Four men injured in stabbing at Irish hotel housing asylum seekers Boris Johnson’s landslide 80-seat majority win in 2019 saw the crumbling of the red wall amid his vow to “get Brexit done”. While a number of voters have turned against the success of Brexit, with a number believing they have not seen the supposed benefits of the departure of the EU, the poll showed that more Tory voters believed that Brexit has been a success. From the poll, 43 percent believe in the success of Brexit while 33 percent perceive it as a failure. However, a poll of all respondents showed that the majority (57 percent) see the departure as a failure with only 24 percent believing it was a good decision. The survey asked respondents to give the Conservative’s time in Government a grade which saw one in five of the Tory voters “failing” the party with 11 percent giving a D grade and 28 percent a C. DON'T MISS:What to expect from 2023 - from Boris 'back' to new Royal stars (REVEAL)Rishi Sunak rejected by Tories as Jeremy Hunt savaged in new poll (POLL)Poll shows 72% of readers believe Tories turned UK into laughing stock (REVEAL) Meanwhile, 25 percent (a quarter of voters) gave their performance a B and only 15 percent awarded an A or A*. Overall voters saw 42 percent giving the party a fail, 29 percent rated the party’s performance a C or D and only eight percent awarding the top grades. Jennifer Nadel, co-director of Compassion in Politics told i: “There is a hunger and a need for change. “A decade of underfunding, low pay, and inadequate social security support has impoverished millions, weakened our public services, and spread financial fear, stress, and worry. “Into that mix we’ve had the continuing disruption and prolonged uncertainty of Brexit. The public have judged this record to be one of failure and they’re putting the Government on notice.”