Piers Morgan was admittedly left stunned after the Uncensored presenter took to Twitter and shared an article which claimed the Sussexes' popularity in the US is plummeting. It comes as Prince Harry recently released his book, Spare, off the back of the couple's Netflix docuseries alongside Meghan Markle. The former Good Morning Britain presenter took to his own account as he addressed the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Sharing the post with his 8.3 million followers, the article read: "The more Prince Harry and Meghan Markle say, the less Americans like them - Poll." Piers tweeted: "Wow. The fork-tongued Sussexes’ popularity in America is plummeting..." Social media users flocked to comment on the post as they defended the royal couple. READ MORE: BBC Radio 2's Scott Mills reacts to Ken Bruce 'replacement' backlash Theresa tweeted: "I like them and always will." Flaps cheekily quizzed: "How popular in America are you Morgan?" Kam tweeted: "Harry’s sold a million copies of Spare in the first week. Spare to Success more like!" George added: "Plummeting, but the views and figures on his book and Netflix documentaries are going up by the day."  Harry has dropped 45 points in United States public opinion while Meghan has dropped 36 points in just more than a month, according to a Newsweek poll. The Duke of Sussex's memoir Spare became the fastest-selling non-fiction book ever on the day of its release, according to the publisher, making it a huge commercial success. In the book, Harry shares intimate details about his personal life, from losing his virginity to applying his favourite lip balm to his frostbitten penis, which has since been ridiculed by popular US hosts from Chelsea Handler to Jimmy Kimmel. According to the same report, almost half of Americans, 44 per cent, said Harry was wrong to include details of private family conversations in his book, while 26 per cent said he was right to do so. DON'T MISS... Alex Scott traumatised by death threat from her Uber driver in Russia[LATEST]Lisa Marie Presley's cause of death 'deferred' amid investigation[US]Carol Vorderman turns heads in eye-popping video[PICTURES]  The results showed 16 per cent said they had a more positive view, 24 per cent had a more negative view and 37 per cent recorded no change while 23 percent said they did not know. For Meghan, the figures were 16 per cent more positive, 23 per cent more negative and 38 per cent no change. Elsewhere, Harry reflected on an awkward silence that followed after Meghan shared a joke when she attended the Trooping of the Colour, the late Queen's birthday celebrations in another admission. The Duke of Sussex recalled the incident in his memoir Spare, when the couple had just returned to the UK from their 10-day honeymoon in the Mediterranean, and would be making one of their “first public appearances as newlyweds” at the ceremony. However, according to Prince Harry, who confirmed that “everyone present was in a good mood, upbeat” during the Trooping of the Colour, the festive mood allegedly changed after Meghan made a joke about the event to Kate, after she’d asked Meghan what she’d thought of the celebration. “But then: Kate asked Meg what she thought of her first Trooping the Colour. And Meg joked: Colourful,” Harry wrote. “And a yawning silence threatened to swallow us all whole.” In photos from the event, the royal family appeared in high spirits, as Meghan could be seen smiling on the balcony, as she stood between her husband and her sister-in-law Kate Middleton, the Princess of Wales.