The Duchess of Sussex, 41, grew up in a number of homes in Los Angeles during the course of her younger life. Originally the mum-of-two, who now lives in Montecito, lived with both her parents, cinematographer Thomas Markle and social worker and yoga instructor Doria Ragland. When Meghan Markle's parents separated, she and her mother moved from their home on Providencia Street in Woodland Hills. Meghan and her mother moved to 1072 South Cloverdale Avenue, Los Angeles. The property is a two-bedroom and two-bathroom 1,400 square-foot converted garage. According to online property marketplace Zillow, the property is now worth $1,098,200 and its monthly rent would be estimated at $4,400. Images of the home online show a light and airy space with a pleasant outdoor seating area in the front and a large garden in the back. The home has a modest galley kitchen and a bathroom with a full bath suite. The main bedroom has an ensuite and there is a washer and dryer room. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry told 'it's not your day' after making 'shady' move A description of the property online reads: "Located on a tranquil tree-lined street in the Miracle Mile area, this charming apprx.1,500 sq. spacious and sunny Spanish-Colonial upper-level unit with A/C has been newly remodeled to meet today's modern lifestyle." The home boasts "original hardwood floors" and "original 1920s embossed wall embellishments and crown molding in the living room and in the bedrooms." The home, built in 1925, is minutes from Beverly Hills, West Hollywood, and Downtown LA. Mid-City, the neighborhood the home sits in is "very walkable" and the John Burroughs Middle School, rated eight out of 10 by GreatSchools, is less than a mile away. DON'T MISSMeghan 'keeping head down' after release of Prince Harry's memoir [ROYAL] US media 'lose patience' with Harry and Meghan [INSIGHT] Stripping Meghan and Harry's titles seen as 'aggressive move' [EXPERT] Generally, homes for sale in Mid City, Los Angeles, CA have a median listing home price of $1,422,500. Mid City is home to a population of over 55K in 3.47 square miles, with a population said to be "highly diverse". Famous residents include writer Charles Bukowski and the rappers Earl Sweatshirt and Blueface. Landmarks and attractions included The Comedy Union, a comedy club that showcases black comedians, and the United States Post Office, Ray Charles Station named after the famous singer. Meghan did not attend school in the neighborhood she lived in, instead going to school at the Immaculate Heart High School, a private school for girls. Tuition at Immaculate Heart High currently costs $19,800 for the whole school year, plus fees. Meghan and Prince Harry now live in a 16-bedroom estate in Montecito, California. The town in Santa Barbara is a far cry from Mid-City, with a population of just 8,638 as of the 2020 census. Many of those residents are well-known celebrities. Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom live in the neighborhood. Gwyneth Paltrow calls it home, as do Tome Cruise and Michael Douglas.  The couple purcahsed the home, just six minutes from Oprah, for $14.7 million, with a $9.5m mortgage. They bought the home from Russian business man Sergey Grishin.