Daniil Medvedev has been accused of making fun of Novak Djokovic's injury scare during their Adelaide International match. The top seed defeated the 26-year-old 6-3 6-4 in 90 minutes to move onto the final but needed a medical time out in the first set after he could be seen stretching out his hamstring. And the third seed appeared to mock his actions after faling to break in the second set. Medvedev has been accused of mocking Djokovic after the world No 5 tweaked his hamstring and called the physio while leading 5-2 in the first set of their Adelaide semi-final. The top seed was taken off court for a medical time-out before returning and closing out the set, but he continued to stretch his leg in discomfort. His anti-inflammatories started to kick in a 2-3 in the third set as the Serb held to love and managed to break Medvedev to put himself within arms' reach of the final. But the world No 7 suddenly stepped things up himself to set up two break-back points a game later, saved by Djokovic in a lengthy game that included a 200km/h second serve from the 35-year-old. After failing to break, the 15-time title winner appeared to make fun of Djokovic's earlier injury as he mimicked his previous stretches with a wry smile on his face, looking as though he was joking about the Serb's sudden increase in level following his earlier struggles. JUST IN: Daniil Medvedev details new Novak Djokovic plan for Australian Open  As Medvedev grabbed his hamstring from behind and leaned forward to stretch it out, commentator Pete Odgers said: "I don't know whether he was mocking djokovic there or he has an issue himself. Might be a little bit of a mock, what do you think Dom?" And his co-commentator added: "Got a little wry smile on his face." Meanwhile, fans were quick to take to Twitter to claim they thought the Russian was mocking Djokovic's earlier physical issue. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu addresses tearful ending in Auckland as Aus Open unclearFritz details reasons Djokovic must be at Indian Wells amid latest banDjokovic receives two advantages from Alcaraz's Aus Open withdrawal   It's not the first time Medvedev has been caught trolling during a match, as he has often found himself in a back-and-forth with crowds at tournaments like the Australian Open and US Open. During his run to his maiden Grand Slam final at the 2019 US Open, the 26-year-old famously addressed the booing crowd by fanning himself and tellling them they were the reason he won. "Your energy tonight give me the win. Because, if you were not here guys, I would probably lose this match," he told the fans. "So, I want all of you to know, when you sleep tonight, I won because of you. Again, the only thing I can say, the energy you’re giving me right now will be enough for my five next matches." And it ended up winning around the fans in New York, who came out in full force to cheer on a then-24-year-old Medvedev when he lost to Rafael Nadal in five sets during the final. "Because of your energy I was here in the final. I’m a human being, I can make mistakes. Thank you very much from the bottom of my heart," he told them afterwards. 