This self-styled champion of privacy has revealed intimate details about other members of the Royal Family with no apparent concern for the hurt this will cause. With the confidence of a swaggering bully, he has assaulted the reputation of people he knows cannot fight back.  He reacts with fury when others disclose details about his private life but now he is happy to describe his frostbitten genitals, detail how he lost his virginity behind a pub and admit to cocaine use. Aides and friends have spent years trying to shield Harry from public scrutiny but his own memoir confirms that he lived as a delinquent. Two aspects of his latest orgy of narcissism and cruelty are particularly concerning. First, his claim that he killed 25 people while in Afghanistan is both grotesque and idiotic and may well put the security of the Prince, his family and security team at risk. Second, he refuses to accept responsibility for his actions. Yes, he endured excruciating grief as a child but it was his own poor judgment which led to him taking illegal drugs and dressing as a Nazi. This same profound irresponsibility and utter lack of self-awareness have propelled him to cash in on his royal status and distress a grieving family. Those who love him will wonder in terror what further harm he will unleash on the monarchy and his own reputation. Spare us any more of this, Harry. All families experience pain and conflict but reconciliation unlocks not just healing but peace and often joy.  Alarm bells should ring in Downing Street now that Labour is more trusted than the Conservatives on both the economy and immigration. Our poll today shows that more people think Sir Keir Starmer's party has a "credible plan" in these two key areas - once fiercely-guarded Tory territory. This suggests that the chaos and economic turmoil which defined Liz Truss's time in power have damaged the Conservatives' reputation for competence. But if Labour's giant poll lead does not narrow soon, panicked Tory MPs will wonder if it is time for yet another change at the top. Mr Sunak knows two alternative PMs are waiting in the wings - Sir Keir and Boris Johnson.  Trade unions must put the brake on more rail strikes. Yet more devastation to the hospitality industry is unconscionable and there is the real danger that people will abandon a railway network that already faces a dire financial challenge. We hope tomorrow's talks result in a fair deal which will pave the way for urgent improvements to creaking services. And help to revive our ailing town and city centres. 