The hit BBC show Happy Valley is set to draw to an end this series as a dramatic conclusion between Sergeant Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire) and Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) is imminent. Appearing on The One Show, actor James Norton gave insight into Tommy's transformation. WARNING: Spoilers ahead.It has not been plain sailing so far in the long-running drama despite Catherine edging closer to retirement.Along with having to try and solve the gangland murder of Gary Gaggowski, she's also recently uncovered her family betrayal.Following her sister Clare (Siobhan Finneran) and her boyfriend Neil (Con O’Neill), she learned they had been secretly taking her grandson Ryan (Rhys Connah) to visit his criminal father in prison.During Wednesday night’s instalment of The One Show, James touched on the current series and the new look his character has been showcasing. READ MORE:James Martin in tears after 'TV dad’ gives emotional health update So far, people have seen Tommy with longer hair than usual as he looks less presentable and is covered in cuts.However, this weekend the criminal will lose the long locks as James Norton spoke to Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas.Alex asked: “Obviously he’s having all the long hair off, is that an actual barber or is that an actor playing a barber?”James replied: “Yes, he’s called Gaz from Cut Throat barbers in Manchester I think? He was amazing. “What was amazing about that scene was we basically just let the cameras roll and I got a haircut.“Usually you have lots of cuts, you know two to three minutes here and there. But that was a 40-minute shot.“The cameras just rolled and everyone was watching the monitors and it was weirdly meditative.“The music was playing, Gaz was doing his thing and I was getting lulled into a meditative state it was a really bizarre but magical day.” DON'T MISS... Vera’s Brenda Blethyn addresses backlash over wait for new episodes [INSIGHT] Coronation Street's Stephen Reid humiliated after his lie is exposed  [SPOILER] Dancing On Ice backlash as Ekin-Su's performance hit with complaints [REACTION] Tommy’s haircut comes as his trial approaches with a synopsis for the upcoming episode teasing Ryan finds new ways to defy Catherine.With Tommy’s big day approaching, many fear the criminal will have an early release and set Catherine in his sights as his next victim.Aware this is the final episode in the series, fans have predicted a deadly end for the sergeant at the hands of her rival.Touching on the fast-approaching finale, writer and creator Sally Wainwright teased there’s drama on the horizon. Speaking to Radio Times, she said: “I was really anxious not to write a duff third season. I really don’t think it is.“There’s a very definite climax. A narrative has gone across all three: in season one, Catherine and Tommy came face to face outside Ryan’s school, and in season two they almost came face to face in the crematorium, at Tommy’s mum’s funeral.“In season three, there’s a very big face-to-face showdown. The kind of cathartic showdown that people have waited for. It’s pretty dramatic."Happy Valley continues Sunday on BBC One from 9pm