Conor McGregor has been told that he deserves a quick shot at the UFC title ahead of his return to the sport this year. The Irishman has been away from the sport for 18 months after suffering a leg break against Dustin Poirier, and has spent that time rehabbing whilst putting on significant muscle mass ahead of a move to the welterweight division. He will look to secure his third different belt in the UFC, which he would become the first person to ever do so, after previously holding the featherweight and lightweight titles. But McGregor will have to earn his way to the welterweight title - another stacked division with a number of contenders looking to earn their shot ahead of the belt beind defended in London in March. Birmingham's Leon Edwards shocked the world in August when he landed a head kick KO to defeat the pound-for-pound king Usman, who was on a 16-fight win streak before the shock defeat, and will look to reclaim the belt at the 02 Arena. But with the likes of Khamzat Chimeav, Colby Covington and Belal Muhammed in the mix, it may be difficult for McGregor to earn a shot at the belt unless he gets a few decent wins under his belt. But former middleweight champion Michael Bisping has explained why McGregor deserves a shot at the title quickly. Speaking on his YouTube show, he said: "Whether you like it or not Conor's still the biggest start in the sport. "And with one win you can bet your bottom dollar that he's going to fight for the title. Of course he is, and the reality is that if you own the organisation and you've got a guy like Conor who can bring in millions of PPV buyers you'd probably do the same thing. "I don't agree with it, but that's just the way the world works. Conor McGregor vs Tony Ferguson - Tony's very hittable and Conor's very good at hitting. Tony hasn't won, I think he's lost five in a row now, sadly for him. He got knocked out against Michael Chandler, what a knockout that was, absolutely beautiful.   "Tony's in a tough spot right now and Tony should probably retire. It's a good comeback fight for Conor. Find his mojo, knock someone out, get his confidence and potentially set up a title fight." McGregor has been rumoured to be facing Michael Chandler, who would also be making a move up to welterweight for a fight to take place.