Barcelona recently discussed Joao Felix while negotiating with Atletico Madrid for Memphis Depay, according to reports. The Catalan giants remain hopeful of signing some of the world’s best players, despite their delicate financial situation. And while Felix is spending the second half of the season on loan at Chelsea, his long-term future is up in the air. Barcelona have long admired Felix. They were among the teams eyeing the Portugal international when he was strutting his stuff for Benfica, only to miss out. And they were also linked with the forward back in the summer, with Robert Lewandowski ultimately arriving to bolster their attack. Felix’s long-term future is up in the air at present. He’s on loan at Chelsea but, after being sent off on his debut, is yet to kick on at Stamford Bridge. And Sport say Barcelona retain an interest in the forward, having recently discussed him with Atletico. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Earlier this month the clubs negotiated a deal for Depay, with the Netherlands international moving to Diego Simeone’s side after struggling for game time in Catalonia. The publication says Barcelona then discussed Felix at this time, wanting to know what Atletico’s plans for the player are Before his move to Chelsea, Atletico managed to extend the forward’s contract until 2027. But if Simeone continues as manager of the La Liga giants, then Felix is likely to push for a permanent exit. The 23-year-old has grown frustrated at being stifled in Simeone’s system, with the Argentine notoriously defensive-minded. And Barcelona are eyeing a summer swoop, even if Chelsea may want to turn Felix’s stay into a permanent one. The Catalan giants will likely have help from Jorge Mendes, however, with Xavi’s side having a positive relationship with the super-agent. Mendes represents Barcelona footballers such as Ansu Fati, Alejandro Balde and Nico Gonzalez. And it’s stated that, if a deal is to be struck, when players may be used as bait to lessen Atletico’s resolve. Meanwhile, Chelsea boss Graham Potter defended Felix following his red card against Fulham earlier in the month. Having initially impressed on his debut, it was a disappointing night for the 23-year-old as his side crashed to defeat. Potter, when quizzed on Felix and the incident, said: "It was a forward's tackle, there was no malice in it but I understand why it was a red. “It is another blow the hits keep coming at the moment. “He was really good you could see his quality in the game, so it is doubly disappointing for us." And he added: "You can see his quality. "He is a top, top player. He took the ball, caused danger. On another day he could have scored and it makes it more frustrating we are going to lose him for three games.” Felix is now available for Chelsea again. And he’ll be hoping to feature in the reverse match against Fulham on Friday (8pm).