 The audience laughed loudly as the Duke of Sussex, 38, stuck his tongue out and pretended to be taking notes when he was asked his thoughts on the award-winning Netflix show.  When asked if he watched the show, the father-of-two said: “Yes I do actually, which by the way is another reason why it’s so important that history has it right.”The royal then gestured to a copy of his book ‘Spare’ which was released on Tuesday.   Stephen Colbert also asked Prince Harry to confirm if he watched “the recent stuff or the older stuff” of the show, to which the Duke said he watched both. The recent season of The Crown, aired in November 2022, is set in the early 1990s and covers the break-up of King Charles and Princess Diana. The Netflix series faced controversy last year when high-profile figures criticised how the series' portrayal of people and called for the show to have a disclaimer to make it clear the show was fiction. Actress Dame Judi Dench at the time wrote that Netflix "seems willing to blur the lines between historical accuracy and crude sensationalism". She said there was a risk that "a significant number of viewers" would take the drama series as historical fact. READ MORE: Royal Family 'business as usual’ despite Prince Harry's book release  Former Prime Minister John Major also criticised The Crown, calling it a “barrel-load of nonsense". He criticised a scene of the show which supposedly depicted King Charles telling Major about his supposed plot to convince Queen Elizabeth to abdicate. The ex-Prime Minister's office has said that the conversation never happened. They added: "As you will know, discussions between the monarch and prime minister are entirely private and - for Sir John - will always remain so. "But not one of the scenes you depict are accurate in any way whatsoever. They are fiction, pure and simple." However, a spokeswoman for Netflix’s The Crown defended the show’s plot by saying: "The Crown has always been presented as a drama based on historical events. "Series five is a fictional dramatisation, imagining what could have happened behind closed doors during a significant decade for the royal family - one that has already been scrutinised and well-documented by journalists, biographers and historians." DON'T MISS:Dan Wootton clashes with guest over Prince Harry memoir 'lies' [INSIGHT]Harry's TK Maxx claim dismantled as major UK retailer speaks out [REPORT]Prince Harry writes of secret sexcapade with Meghan in Soho House [REVEAL] Prince Harry’s latest interview is not the first time the royal has spoken about the Crown. In an interview with James Corden in 2021, Prince Harry defended the show after the former UK Culture Secretary, Oliver Dowden, called for Netflix to put a disclaimer on the Crown as he feared “viewers who did not live through these events may mistake fiction for fact.” The 38-year-old said at the time that while the show was fictional, it gave a “rough idea” of what it was like “putting duty and service above family and everything else”. He said: “It’s fictional. But it’s loosely based on the truth. Of course, it’s not strictly accurate.” Prince Harry added that he was “more comfortable” with the Crown’s portrayal than he was “seeing stories written about my family or my wife". The royal added: “[The Crown] is obviously fiction, take it how you will. "But this is being reported on as fact because you’re supposedly news. I have a real issue with that.” 