Chelsea have been linked with a mega-money move for Brighton ace Moises Caicedo before the January transfer window slams shut. And the west London giants have four players they could swap with the Seagulls in order to trump Arsenal to a deal. Caicedo has become one of the most sought-after midfielders in England following a string of impressive performances for his current side. Chelsea reportedly had two offers of more than £55million rejected for the Ecuador international earlier this month, with Arsenal also seeing a bid of £60m turned down. And Express Sport takes a look at four stars Chelsea could offer Brighton in part-exchange to trump the Gunners to the player’s signature. Levi Colwill Levi Colwill is already at Brighton, having joined the club on loan from Chelsea last summer. The 19-year-old centre-back, who helped Huddersfield reach the Championship play-off final last season, has made 10 appearances for the Seagulls and has started five of their last six Premier League games. Colwill clearly has plenty of potential and has been tipped to become a Premier League star in the future. But he could find opportunities at Stamford Bridge hard to come by in the coming years, with Chelsea owner Todd Boehly splashing the cash to bring in a whole host of new faces since taking over the club last May. So the player may well be happy to turn his temporary move into a permanent one. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Trevoh Chalobah If Brighton are keen to use the sale of Caicedo as an opportunity to bolster their own backline, they may be happy to reduce their transfer demands if Chelsea offer centre-back Trevoh Chalobah as part of the package. The 23-year-old has 32 Premier League appearances under his belt since the start of last season and has started 11 top-flight matches this campaign. But he would be more of a regular starter on the south coast if Chelsea offered Brighton his services.  Conor Gallagher Conor Gallagher proved that he could mix it against the best sides during a successful loan spell at Crystal Palace last season. He returned to Stamford Bridge last summer and has since enjoyed a run of games in the Chelsea team. But he has still only been able to muster a starting place in fewer than half of his team’s Premier league encounters this term. And with Boehly seeking midfield reinforcements, the midfielder could be another player the Blues are willing to sacrifice. Christian Pulisic Chelsea shelled out a whopping £58million to sign Christian Pulisic from Borussia Dortmund in 2019. The USA international has played in some big games for the Blues but has suffered a string of injury problems. And Chelsea would get a significant discount on the fee for Caicedo if they were willing to allow Pulisic to move in the opposite direction. The winger may be holding out for a move to a bigger club after seeing his career in the capital stall. But with Brighton pushing to secure European football next season, Pulisic may well be tempted by a move to Sussex to replace Leandro Trossard. 