Premier League clubs have until the end of Tuesday to complete their January transfer window business. Teams are set to be scrambling to sign their targets late into the night, with several top-flight outfits needing to strengthen. Express Sport brings you all you need to know about transfer deadline day. The January transfer window is due to close at 11pm on Tuesday, January 31. Clubs will then need to settle with the squads they have for the remainder of the season. JUST IN: Chelsea meet with Benfica to seal £105m Fernandez deal before deadline Clubs close to completing a transfer prior to the 11pm can get a reprieve if they are unsure that the transfer will be fully signed off at the deadline. As long as a ‘deal sheet’ is submitted to the Premier League confirming that a deal is in place, the clubs will receive a two-hour extension until 1am. But that is only applicable to transfers between domestic clubs. Teams buying from abroad must comply with the FIFA Transfer Matching system which only allows for a one-hour extension until midnight. DON'T MISS...Chelsea have XI for next decade after 11 exciting transfersTottenham learn price they must pay to sign Piero HincapieLiverpool boss Klopp has huge problem with Fabinho and Henderson The January transfer window has been headlined by Chelsea’s continued big-spending under the co-ownership of Todd Boehly. The Blues have taken their spending since the start of the campaign to a whopping £500m this month. Mykhaylo Mudryk, Benoit Badiashile, Joao Felix, Noni Madueke and Malo Gusto have all arrived at Stamford Bridge, alongside a host of young talent hoping to break into Graham Potter’s first team. Chelsea have now signed 15 players since the beginning of 2022-23 - and it could yet be more. Elsewhere, Manchester United boosted their ranks in the aftermath of Cristiano Ronaldo’s departure. Wout Weghorst has been signed on loan from Burnley. Liverpool kicked off the window by signing Cody Gakpo from PSV but seem unlikely to complete further business despite fans desperately calling for a new midfielder to arrive. Arsenal completed the signing of Leandro Trossard from Brighton, while Newcastle controversially prised Anthony Gordon from Everton. In the final 24 hours, Arsenal could go back to Brighton for midfielder Moises Caicedo despite having two bids rejected. Chelsea, having moved away from Caicedo, have reportedly reopened talks with Benfica for Enzo Fernandez. Tottenham could yet add to Antonio Conte’s squad. Wing-back Pedro Porro is being eyed. Clubs will have to stick with their squads until the summer transfer window. In England, the 2023 summer transfer window is set to open on June 10.