King Charles will have been “terribly hurt” by the multiple allegations leveled against the Royal Family by son Prince Harry in recent days, former minister Ann Widdecombe has said. The ex-Tory MP, who has met the King on numerous occasions and who at 75 years old is of the same generation as the 73-year-old former Prince of Wales, was speaking in advance of this evening’s eagerly anticipated interview with the Duke of Sussex, by ITV’s Tom Bradby. The past week has been packed with anecdotes gleaned from leaked copies of Harry’s forthcoming memoir, Spare, including his claim to have killed 25 Taliban fighters while serving in Afghanistan. Ms Widdecombe told Express.co.uk: “It’s a hideous time for the Royal Family and for the most part, they'll just get on with it. I can't imagine, for example, Princess Anne is sitting there with the smelling salts, she will get on with it. “But it’s very hard when you are the man’s father. Siblings do quarrel and you know, it's bad enough that his brother is hurt enormously, but his father, that's a very special relationship, father, son. “And Harry is behaving in a very unnatural way, I think that's the best way to phrase it. “Charles must be terribly, terribly hurt by the whole thing.” Ms Widdecombe was particularly disquieted by Harry’s Taliban claim, which security experts have already warned could make him a target in the future. She explained: “Apart from air aces in World War 1 I can't think of any soldiers who locked up how many enemy they've killed. You never hear them talking about it, ever. My parents’ generation was involved in the last war. “My father was at sea and in my uncle was in Monty's army, and nobody ever talked about it in terms of killing the enemy. Nobody ever said, ‘I dropped a bomb that night and we killed this number of people. Nobody ever said anything like that. “I don't know what possessed him to do it that way. I mean, I suspect somebody said to him, ‘you ought to talk about your experience of killing’ and he obviously just went straight along with it. “The very fact that he reckons he knows approximately how many Afghans he killed is a form of boasting.” READ MORE: Harry's claim Wills and Kate involved in Nazi outfit branded bull**** Harry’s decision to make his alleged kill-count public knowledge was something “very, very unusual”, Ms Widdecombe stressed. She continued: “The other thing is, if you think of most engagement in battles, you're at the same level as the enemy, you're in the trenches and you came out new shooting each other on equal terms if you like. “He is talking about a situation in which he was in an airplane taking aim at people on the ground below. So it was something terribly, terribly specific. “It's just horrible. I didn't understand why he did it and why nobody tried to stop him from doing it.” Asked whether the Duke and his wife Meghan Markle could possibly attend his father’s coronation on May 6, Ms Widdecombe said: “He is so tone-deaf that he probably would go but if he does go, firstly, he will become the story, and secondly, frankly, I think the British public would boo him. “It's difficult to see any point of return at this moment. I think the palace of playing it absolutely just keeping quiet.” The King might welcome the prospect of a reconciliation but it was impossible to imagine one happening before Tuesday afternoon, when the book officially goes on sale, she stressed. Ms Widdecombe added: “There again, when he was asked if he wanted a reconciliation, he said, ‘I want my father back. I want my brother back’, but that the ball was in their court. “He’s not looking for a reconciliation, what he's looking for, is an abject surrender on these terms, which he's looking for.” The interview is screened on ITVX at 9pm this evening.