Tripadvisor’s Travellers’ Choice Awards rank destinations around the world based on its huge review database. When it comes to food, there’s one European city that can’t be beaten.  READ MORE: Cruise couple ‘outraged’ about confiscated item Brits might not be surprised to learn that Italy’s capital city, Rome, is also the world’s foodie capital. While Britons will be able to sample nearly every region of Italy’s dishes in Rome, there are a few local specialities they shouldn’t miss. Alesso di Bollito is a traditional sandwich filled with tenderised beef and was once one of the city’s most popular dishes. Pasta fans will want to grab a plate of cacio e pepe, the capital’s signature pasta dish flavoured with pecorino and black pepper. When it comes to dessert, gelato is an essential and the capital has many tempting gelaterias to try. The Greek island of Crete took second place on the foodie rankings and could be the perfect summer holiday spot. Many of Crete’s enchanting villages make their own cheese from sheep’s or goat’s milk and tourists should definitely try a few to compare. Although France might come to mind when Brits think of snails, the insects are actually also a delicacy in Crete. READ MORE: Best country to raise a family is ‘head and shoulders’ ahead Snails are often fried in flour and cooked in hot olive oil before they’re doused with wine or vinegar to serve. Tourists on the go might want to grab a traditional cheese pie, cooked in pastry and topped with honey. Hanoi was the first destination outside of Europe to make the rankings and it’s not hard to see why. Vietnamese food is popular worldwide and the country’s capital is one of the best places to try it. Hanoi’s specialties include bun cha, slow cooked pork in broth served with rice noodles and nem cua be, crab spring rolls. Tourists should also grab a banh mi sandwich from one of the city’s many stalls. The popular baguette sandwich is packed with a choice of cheese, meat, tofu and veggies and bursts with flavour. Italy dominated the foodie rankings with both Florence and Naples also earning a place on the top 10 list. Paris, Barcelona and Lisbon were the other European cities to make the list while New Orleans and Jamaica were also in the top 10.