Wolf Pack is coming to Paramount Plus and the series comes from Teen Wolf creator, Jeff Davis. Buffy the Vampire Slayer star Sarah Michelle Gellar plays Kristen Ramsey, who is keen to get to the bottom of a supernatural mystery. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press, she said she initially wasn't interested in the script. Wolf Pack follows a group of teenagers who are all brought together in unusual circumstances. They are all impacted by a devastating forest fire, which puts their homes and families in grave danger. After the fire, they find themselves morphing into werewolves in a shocking twist of events. Gellar's character is responsible for finding out who caused the fire and she is aware of the threats it has imposed. At a question and answer session following a screening of the first episode, she admitted she had "no intention" of reading the script. READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star Creator Davis had said he never thought he would be able to secure Gellar as a lead role. He felt because she had not worked on any genre shows for a long time, she would not be keen. On why she has been so selective about taking roles since Buffy, and what drew her to the series, she said: "It was a lot of factors. "Eventually when they did send it, and Jeff is not wrong, I didn't have any intention of reading it. "My team said to me, you really need to read this, and I was like ah, I don't do wolves. "They said to just read it because Jeff is a really talented writer and maybe you guys should meet and you could find something to do together. "So I said OK, I'm a fan, I love Teen Wolf, so I read it and thought yeah, can I get another one? "And I found myself really drawn into it and I do think the timing was particularly right." She went on to explain how one of the reasons why she loved working on Buffy was the monsters acted as manifestations of the emotions adolescents face. She added: "One of the main reasons I loved Buffy was it used those demons as a manifestation of the horrors of adolescents. DON'T MISS... Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital [VIDEO] Buffy star Sarah Michelle Gellar leads supernatural drama Wolf Pack [EXPLAINER] SEAL Team's David Boreanaz speaks out on 'humbling' season 7 renewal [DISCUSSION] "All those things you have to deal with as an adolescent - the hormones, the first loves. "Coming out to your parents, that was what that time represented and Jeff uses the wolves to represent what we are facing now. "Anxiety, isolation. I think the whole idea of technology... as we are becoming more digitally connected we are becoming more emotionally disconnected. "We are not looking eye to eye, we are missing moments because we are so busy filming them, we are not having them. "What effect is that having on teenagers? Also, coming out of a pandemic we look at things so differently." She admitted she would not have survived the Covid pandemic without the support of her "pack". The star added: "When you think about what it is like for people to find their pack and what happens when you feel like you don't have that pack. "I think it hit me on all of those levels."  Wolf Pack airs on Paramount Plus from February 26 in the US and February 27 in the UK.