Chelsea will reportedly make one last bid to sign Brighton ace Moises Caicedo on transfer deadline day after having an offer for the midfielder turned down earlier this month. The Blues are set to turn their attentions back to Caicedo after they complete their deal to sign Argentina World Cup winner Enzo Fernandez from Benfica. Chelsea were taken over by Todd Boehly at the end of last May and have since splashed the cash to bring in a whole host of players. But they are short of top-class midfield options and want to add reinforcements in the position before the transfer window slams shut at 11pm on Tuesday. According to 90Min, Chelsea are prepared to put an offer of more than £75million on the table for Caicedo in order to test Brighton’s resolve. The Seagulls have already insisted the 21-year-old is not for sale but are now bracing themselves for the Blues’ offer. Chelsea are currently locked in another transfer battle with Premier League leaders Arsenal to sign Caicedo, with the Gunners seeing a £70m bid for the star knocked back on Monday. And both clubs could up the ante as the deadline approaches. JUST IN: Tottenham could do three deals before 11pm January transfer deadline    Caicedo has become one of the most sought-after midfielders in the Premier League after impressing for Brighton over the last year. The player, who represented Ecuador at last year’s World Cup, joined the Seagulls from Independiente in his homeland back in February 2021 but only became a first-team regular last spring following a loan spell with Belgian team Beerschot. And last week, the player sent out a transfer message on Instagram as he wrote: “I am grateful to Mr Bloom and Brighton for giving me the chance to come to the Premier League and I feel I have always done my best for them. “I am proud to be able to bring in a record transfer fee for Brighton which would allow them to reinvest it and help the club continue to be successful. The fans have taken me into their hearts and they will always be in my heart so I hope they can understand why I want to take up this magnificent opportunity.” DON'T MISS...Transfer deadline day deal sheet - What is a deal sheetTottenham may have been given huge Porro favour by ex-Arsenal starTottenham target Porro 'distraught' as deal at risk over £2.6m dispute   Before they go back in for Caicedo, Chelsea will attempt to wrap up their deal for Fernandez after chasing the Argentinian midfielder all month. The Blues have reportedly agreed to pay Benfica a British transfer record of £115m to prise the 22-year-old away from Portugal. Fernandez only moved to Benfica last summer after coming through the River Plate academy. But he played a starring role at the World Cup as his country lifted the trophy for the third time in their history. And he now appears destined for a move to the Premier League. 