In Prince Harry’s bombshell new memoir, Spare, it was revealed that King Charles III would do headstands up against a door each day in his underwear as part of exercises prescribed by his physio to help with “his constant neck and back” pain from his polo playing days. But now, his former press secretary offered further insight into the new Monarch’s exacting daily routine. In revealing details first published by the Mirror, the King's former aide debunked the rumour that Charles was given a line of soft-boiled eggs to choose from each morning. In Jeremy Paxman's 2006 book On Royalty, he wrote: "Because his staff were never quite sure whether the egg would be precisely to the satisfactory hardness, a series of eggs was cooked, and laid out in an ascending row of numbers. “If the [then] Prince felt that number five was too runny, he could knock the top off number six or seven.” But according to Julian Payne — who worked Director of Communications for the Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall from 2016 to 2021 — he “never saw a single boiled egg at breakfast in all the years” he worked for the King. Instead, he said, the King’s day begins with him listening to the news headlines on the radio before he breaks his fast with fruit and seeds as his first meal of the day. Mr Payne, now chair of corporate affairs for communications firm Edelman EME, also revealed that the King does not have lunch so, so aides had to ensure he had eaten a big breakfast or had snack bars with him to keep him going. He said: “The working day is pretty relentless. Beginning with the radio news headlines and a breakfast of seasonal fruit salad and seeds with tea.” To keep himself organised, the King puts all his work in a six-month diary, filled out twice a year. However, the length at which Charles will talk to those he meets can often botch his carefully planned schedule. Most recently, the Monarch visited the Aboyne and Mid Deeside Community Shed, Aberdeenshire, dressed in a kilt and blazer, where he met and spoke with people working at the hub. READ MORE: King 'angry and outraged' at Prince Harry over Camilla swipe His diary is full of invitations from the 420 charities of which he is a patron and military events as well as his nation and state work. Each day of his “relentless schedule” is filled up with 45-minute sessions on his charity’s projects, tours, and discussions with his principal private secretary, Sir Clive Alderton, concerning matters of state. The King does have a break at 1pm, Mr Payne said. However, he does not eat at this time, instead, he gets outside for a walk as he does not like being inside for too long. And “[he] always has the windows open,” Mr Payne added. The King faces a mountain of paperwork every day which never gets smaller, despite his personal assistants' scrupulous efforts to reduce it. DON'T MISS: 22-year-old man arrested over ‘drive by’ Euston shooting [LATEST]Cheshire couple turn run down lakeside farmhouse into 'dream home' [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'not welcome' at Los Angeles BAFTA party in new snub [REPORT]  Then, Mr Payne said, at 5pm, he will stop for tea and enjoy sandwiches or a piece of fruit cake with his wife of 17 years, Queen Camilla. If the cake is not polished off that day, it will be brought out once again on consequent days. At 8:30pm on the dot dinner is served, but for Charles, the day is far from over. He will then return to his desk, often working into the early hours. If he has a public engagement in the evening, this too can last well into the night as the King will give each person he meets his undivided attention, speaking to people for hours and hours. 