According to experts at Checkatrade, learning how to spray paint kitchen cabinets is a fun and easy DIY task. The company explained: “Modernising or putting a new twist on your existing cupboards and drawers is a great way to reuse what you already have rather than sending it to landfill. With the average kitchen in the UK costing £9,500, there’s a strong financial argument for updating what you have rather than buying new.” When doing a DIY job, it is important to take measures in order to get a high end look. According to the experts, to get a “professional” finish, Britons must invest in a variety of different tools. This included a screwdriver, sugar soap, lint-free cloths, sandpaper and filler, putty knife, painter’s tape and protective sheeting. DIYers will also need to purchase some primer with a brush, paint sprayer, high quality latex paint and a mask, gloves, overalls and safety gloves. The Checkatrade pros said: “If you’re confident in your painting skills, there’s no reason why you can’t spray paint your kitchen cabinets yourself. READ MORE: Ronan Keating’s quiet life in affluent Hertfordshire town “However, if you’re at all concerned about the finish you might be able to achieve, drip marks, or whether you have the time to complete this job to a high standard, we recommended hiring a professional. If you’d like to give it a go, follow our step-by-step instructions.” To start the process, remove the cupboard doors and place them in the area you’ll be working in. The experts recommended labelling the door so you know which cabinet they belong to. Next, clean the cabinet doors with sugar soap in order to provide a clean and grease-free surface to work on. Checkatrade pros added: “This is a really important step to make sure you get a good finish." Use masking tape and protective sheeting to shield any areas that are not to be painted. For example, the inside of the cabinets, walls, floor, ceiling, worktops, cooker hood and appliances. DON'T MISS:Pest expert shares four methods to ‘deter’ rats from nesting outside [COMMENT]Four garden plants to always prune in winter [EXPLAINER]Common mistakes you could be making when doing laundry [INSIGHT] “Using a brush to apply the primer and paint to the cabinet frames, sides and trim will avoid the need for protective sheeting, therefore saving you time. “At this stage, you can repair any holes or dents with an appropriate filler and putty knife. Once dry, sand all the areas you wish to paint. “You’re aiming to scuff the surface up a little to take off the shine. Clean away the dust with a damp cloth.” DIYers will then need to wipe the surface clean and apply a second coat of primer. Once dry, it is then time to prepare and fill the paint sprayer, following the manufacturer’s instructions. READ MORE: ‘Tell-tale’ signs you have frozen pipes and how to avoid damage Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Some paint may need to be thinned before using so it is worth following the instructions on the product as this can differ between paints. The experts added: “Wearing a mask, spray the door edges first. Next, spray any detail on the doors. “Then, keeping the nozzle of the spray gun 10 to 12 inches from the surface of the cabinet door, sweep your whole arm back and forth to apply a light coat of paint to the entire door. “Any drops can be touched up gently with a paintbrush while the paint is still wet. Allow to dry overnight before giving the doors a second coat. The whole process will need to be repeated on the other side of the door once the first side is dry.” Due to the cold and unpredictable weather, any Britons attempting this job now will be doing so inside. However, if you do want to paint outside, it is important to check the weather first, making sure it is a dry day. The experts also recommended setting up a makeshift painting booth if you are painting inside to contain the spray. After leaving the cabinets to dry for at least 12 hours, fix the hardware back onto the doors and mount them back onto the cupboards. Checkatrade continued: “This guide is intended to help you achieve a professional spray paint finish on your kitchen cabinets. However, you can use the same process to update your kitchen drawers, end panels, and plinths to complete the look.”