Many people think their toilet is the biggest culprit when it comes to germs and bacteria. However, doctors from the Cleveland Clinic said bath mats, which are often on the floor and near the toilet, tend to stay damp which means nasty bugs grow and fester, making bath mats the ultimate breeding ground for germs. One of the main reasons bath mats get so grubby is because they often don’t get the opportunity to completely dry out after you’ve used the bath or shower. Germs then fester because the mats remain on the floor rather than being hung up to dry. With this in mind, it’s essential homeowners know how to clean bath mats properly in order to remove bacteria and germs. Dr. Beckmann spokesperson, Susan Fermor has shared her advice for cleaning towels and bath mats. The cleaning expert said homeowners should be washing their towels “after every three uses”. READ MORE: Cleaning expert shares method to dry wet laundry in ‘four hours’ She exclusively told Express.co.uk: “Every time you dry your body, skin cells are transferred onto your towel which can quickly grow bacteria. “The best way to keep your towels and bath mats fresh is with an environmentally-friendly laundry detergent like Dr. Beckmann’s Magic Leaves Laundry Detergent Sheets. “Simply pop the pre-measured lightweight sheet in your washing machine and watch the sheets dissolve in just 60 seconds.” Another way to clean towels is to use hot water with a cup of white vinegar. The towels should then be washed again in hot water with half a cup of bicarbonate of soda. DON'T MISS‘Brilliant’ 95p spray to remove tough oven glass stains in 5 minutes [INSIGHT]Remove ‘stubborn’ moss from your patio with £1 ‘cleaning staple’ [UPDATE]Essential kitchen items clean shower heads without removing them [ANALYSIS] The towels can then be dried in the tumble dryer or air-dried on the line outside or in the home. Susan said white towels can be harder to clean as they can often become stained and “discoloured”. Homeowners could use a whitener like Dr Beckmann’s Glowhite to restore and retain the whiteness of the fabric, or they could try using a peroxide-based laundry detergent to keep towels bright. Alternatively, you might be using too much detergent. Too much detergent can make white towels look discoloured due to excess detergent build-up. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ laundry staple to remove ‘crusty’ grease from oven racks Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea But not using enough detergent could cause dirt to build up which can also make towels turn grey. White vinegar can also be used to keep white towels white as it removes odours and removes any detergent buildup. Tough stains can be tricky to remove from towels, especially if they’ve set and soaked into the towel’s fibres. Knowing how to remove various types of stains from white towels is an invaluable skill. One trick you could try is putting white vinegar or lemon juice directly onto the stain and scrubbing it in with a brush. Allow the liquid to soak in and work for 15 minutes before blotting the area with a damp sponge. Put the towel in the machine and wash as normal. Vinegar is a great cleaning ingredient as its acidic and can kill bacteria and moulds. Lemons contain citric acid which is naturally antibacterial and antiseptic. It’s also a natural bleach.