Liverpool are considering a move for Wolves star Ruben Neves with the midfielder’s contract entering its final 18 months, according to reports. Neves could be available for a cut-price fee as he is stalling on signing a new deal at Molineux. Wolves once valued Neves at around £70million. On one occasion, former boss Bruno Lage even said that it would take £100m to prise the Portuguese away from the Midlands club. But that valuation decreases each week that Neves refuses to sign a new contract. The 25-year-old has attracted interest from several clubs across Europe and seems set to depart Wolves over the next 18 months. Liverpool are apparently weighing up a move for Neves that would see him play a key role in the revamp of Jurgen Klopp’s midfield. Newcastle are also monitoring the former Porto’s player’s situation but their interest is unlikely to materialise into a bid until the summer. READ MORE: Klopp loses his cool at transfer question during Liverpool conference That is according to the Mirror, who report that Liverpool could make their move for Neves in January. That is despite Klopp publicly insisting that the Reds’ budget for the transfer window had already been spent on the £43m deal to bring Cody Gakpo to Anfield from PSV. Gakpo has been added to Liverpool’s squad to add an attacking verve to Klopp’s side. But Neves would bring some much needed creativity in central areas. Liverpool’s midfield has been a huge problem in the first half of this season. Many of the club’s midfielders are above 30, while teenager Havrye Elliott is still learning to play in the position having spent much of his youth career out wide. DON'T MISS...FPL injury news - Nunez latest, Chelsea's injury chaos, Man Utd doubtsLiverpool star Alexander-Arnold hints at frustration with Darwin NunezChelsea hijack Mykhaylo Mudryk to Arsenal transfer 'as £88m bid ready' Klopp is known to want to bring in several new players to strengthen the midfield area but could be hamstrung by Liverpool’s budget. While Neves might not cost £70m anymore, he would still command a sizeable fee. The Reds are also interested in Neves’ Wolves team-mate Matheus Nunes. They monitored the Portugal international’s situation in the summer but ultimately allowed the 24-year-old to join Wolves from Sporting Lisbon with the view of revisiting their interest in a future window. It is widely known that Klopp’s top target is Borussia Dortmund starlet Jude Bellingham. Liverpool are leading the race among Premier League clubs to bring the England starlet back to the country, but they will face strong competition from Real Madrid in the summer. Bellingham is also likely to cost north of £100m, which would limit Liverpool’s spending on other necessary areas.