Dirty and dusty air ducts can impact your health, cost you money, be a fire hazard, and spread dust around your home. A professional cleaner with 25 years of experience explained how to clean your ducts exclusively to Express. Angela Brown is the CEO of Savvy Cleaner, a worldwide company that trains house cleaners and maids, as well as the host of who regularly posts tips and hacks on her TikTok account @AskAngelaBrown and her YouTube. A thorough internal air duct cleaning needs to be carried out professionally, but homeowners can go some way to help keep their vents clean. Angela told Express: "Cleaning your air ducts and vents is a simple process that can help improve the air quality in your home." She shared her easy tips to clean your air ducts and vents at home. READ MORE: Bed expert shares how often to wash your bedding after Stacey Solomon sparks debate DON'T MISSHome where Lisa Marie Presley spent her final years [PROPERTY] 40p cupboard staple removes and dissolves tissue debris on clothes [HACK] Lavish homes of Ghislaine Maxwell: An Oxford manor & New York townhouse [INSIGHT] Dusty and dirty air ducts can have an impact on your health. More dust in the air can exacerbate allergies and asthma. Dirty air ducts can also be a fire hazard. Air ducts and vents build up ducts easily and need to be cleaned on a regular basis. They should ideally be cleaned professionally every two to three years. Improving the quality of your indoor air and reducing indoor air pollution is beneficial for your health, and long term keep your house in better condition. Not only this, but it will help your ventilation systems last much longer too, and work more effectively and cheaply. Professional air duct cleaning typically costs between $450 to $1,000. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency website provides more information about air duct cleaning and maintenance, including advice on choosing a contractor, safety considerations, and tips for maintaining clean ducts. The following link provides access to the EPA's guide for air duct cleaning.  The following link provides access to DEFRA's guide for air duct cleaning.