Manchester United have seen Alejandro Garnacho enjoy a rapid rise to prominence. And with the Red Devils hoping to tie the forward down to a new contract, the Argentine now has three reasons to put pen to paper on an extension. The 18-year-old was impressive off the bench against Manchester City on Saturday, providing the assist for Marcus Rashford’s dramatic late winner at Old Trafford. Garnacho was given his debut by United last season by Ralf Rangnick. He then proceeded to fire the club to FA Youth Cup glory, scoring twice in the 3-1 final victory over Nottingham Forest. At the start of the season, Garnacho found game time at United tough to come by. But he’s since won the trust of Erik ten Hag and, on Saturday, provided the assist for Rashford’s late winner against City at Old Trafford. Garnacho has a contract at United that runs until 2024 but the Red Devils want to tie him down on new and improved terms. Express Sport will now take a look at three reasons why the teenager should sign on the dotted line. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big For years, United have drifted into mediocrity. Bar a couple of trophies under Jose Mourinho, they have never scaled the same dizzying heights as they used to under Sir Alex Ferguson. But United are now a team on their way back, as their stirring 3-1 win over City shows. The Red Devils have won 12 of their last 13 matches across all competitions, playing some swashbuckling stuff along the way. There’s a genuine feeling at United that their time in the wilderness is coming to a close and Garnacho will undoubtedly want to be part of what’s to come further down the line. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see With United needing to turn the tide against City, having fallen a goal down, Ten Hag decided to throw on Garnacho. And it’s clear that, despite some early teething issues, the teenager has the trust of his manager at the club. Garnacho frustrated Ten Hag by turning up late to two team meetings back in the summer, just as the 52-year-old was looking to stamp his authority on the squad. But he’s been able to win the respect and faith of his boss in the time since, as his late cameo against City proves. Not every young player has that luxury and it’s yet another reason why the youngster should pen an extension. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Another thing youngsters don’t always get at top clubs is a pathway to the first team. But Garnacho has a genuine shot at nailing down a starting berth given some of the issues regarding the club’s other forwards. Jadon Sancho is out in the cold at present, having yet to feature for the club since a 1-1 draw with Chelsea in October. Antony has blown hot and cold since his huge move from Ajax back in the summer. And though United recently saw Facundo Pellistri impress on his debut, Garnacho is clearly ahead of him in Ten Hag’s pecking order. Meanwhile, United legend Rio Ferdinand was full of praise for Garnacho following his heroics against City. "I looked at the bench and saw three-center halves, and I was thinking, 'Wow, the depth isn't really there'," he said on his YouTube channel. "But Garnacho comes on and changes the game. "He is saying to the manager, ‘Get me on that pitch ASAP because I’m producing moments every time I go on. How can you make me sub?’. “That’s what his performances are saying and I love it. “The manager is using him perfectly well at the minute because he is impacting games."