Everton have refused to wish Anthony Gordon well after the winger completed his move to Newcastle on Sunday. The deal could reportedly cost the Magpies £45million as their mega-wealthy owners continue to back manager Eddie Howe in the transfer market. “Anthony Gordon has joined Newcastle United for an undisclosed fee,” read the statement on the Toffees website. “The 21-year-old forward leaves Everton after having submitted a formal transfer request. “Gordon joined the club’s academy at the age of 11 and made his senior debut as a 16-year-old in a Europa League tie in December 2017. He went on to make 78 first-team appearances, scoring seven goals.” Gordon spent half a season on loan with Preston during the 2020/2021 campaign after progressing through the Everton academy and already appearing in 14 Premier League matches. He then went on to become a first-team regular at Goodison Park under former manager Rafa Benitez at the start of last season. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE The player continued to impress under Frank Lampard but struggled to find his best form this season for the Merseysiders amid speculation around his future. And he reportedly missed training last week as he told Everton he had no intentions of returning to the club. Following his move to Newcastle, Gordon said: “Since I heard of the interest, I was always convinced Newcastle were for me. I think the fan base and the city really suits me as a person, the way the team are playing under the gaffer at the minute really suits me, and the club just look like they're heading in the right direction. I feel like it's a really big step. People haven't seen what I'm capable of yet. I think under the gaffer, and the way the club's going, I can really excel here.” DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart  Meanwhile, Magpies boss Howe added: “I'm delighted to sign Anthony - he's a top, top talent. I'm really excited to work with him, to develop him, and I'm looking forward to seeing what he can do in a Newcastle shirt.” Liverpool-born Gordon ended his Everton career with 65 Premier League appearances under his belt. And the talented ace, who has been capped by England at four age grades, could be handed his debut for Howe’s team when they host West Ham in the Premier League at the start of February, The Magpies have enjoyed an outstanding season and have climbed to third in the top-flight table after winning 10 of their 20 matches. 