Argentina's World Cup-winning midfielder has returned to Benfica after discreetly flying home to South America to celebrate New Year's Eve without the permission of his club. The 21-year-old maestro looks to be closing in on a mega-money move to Chelsea, meaning this could be one of his final days in Portugal just six months after making the switch from River Plate earlier this summer. Chelsea have already tabled a blockbuster bid for Fernandez understood to be worth around £112million. The Blues intend to pay up the transfer fee in three instalments as they seek to add more quality to their depleted midfield. Benfica are yet to accept the proposal though and firstly, they want to resolve any disciplinary issues with Fernandez after he jetted home to Argentina without the club's permission. Fernandez has not long returned to Lisbon following his involvement at the World Cup in Qatar but he decided to celebrate New Year's Eve back in his homeland after the team were given a few days off - missing two training sessions. According to A Bola, Fernandez received an ultimatum over his return and headed back to Portugal immediately. The player is expected to hold showdown talks with Rui Costa and manager Roger Schmidt over his future before Benfica decide their next move. The club have already outlined their desire to keep Fernandez until the end of the season but they're seemingly fighting a losing battle. Fernandez has reportedly already accepted a long-term contract proposal from the Blues. Any deal could also shatter the Premier League transfer record, currently held by Jack Grealish after his £100m move to Manchester City. Remarkably, Fernandez would also be set to become the fourth most-expensive player in history. Liverpool, Manchester United and Real Madrid have also shown an interest but none of those clubs look prepared to move this month. The Reds are waiting until the summer before targeting a midfielder, while United simply do not have the funds to rival Chelsea's offer. Besides Jude Bellingham, Fernandez is arguably the most attractive central midfield option currently on the market. Chelsea desperately need to shake things up after a dismal display on Sunday as they were held to a 1-1 draw with Nottingham Forest. Graham Potter will be backed by Todd Boehly in the transfer market but the Blues need to sharpen up their spending after splashing nearly £300m in the summer. Monaco centre-back Benoit Badiashile is set to undergo a medical at Stamford Bridge on Tuesday ahead of his transfer from Monaco.