A boy from Elkview, West Virginia, has been charged with shooting dead four close family members. Gavin Smith, 18, received three first-degree murder convictions and one second-degree murder conviction for slaying his family. In December 2020, the teenager - who was just 16 at the time - shot and killed his mother, Risa Mae Saunders, 39, stepdad, Daniel Dale Long, 37, 12-year-old brother, Gage Ripley, and younger three-year-old brother, Jameson Long. Smith and his girlfriend, Rebecca Lynn Walker, 17, were arrested after the bodies were recovered. Walker pleaded guilty to accessory after helping Smith hide out at her grandmother's house after the slayings. Last month, she was sentenced as an adult to 10 years in prison. During his court appearance, Kanawha County Circuit Judge Kenneth Ballard said Smith murdered his four family members “in cold blood”. “This was a heinous crime,” Ballard told Smith during a Tuesday sentencing hearing, adding: “Your actions can only be described as an act of pure evil.” He received three life sentences, a 40-year sentence on a second-degree murder charge in the death of his three-year-old brother and an additional 10 years for using a firearm during a felony.  The judge ordered the sentences to be served consecutively, according to local news. Smith, who was found guilty by a jury last month, was given life with mercy and will be eligible for parole after 15 years in prison.  READ MORE: Sheriff says six murdered in ‘cartel’ style shooting Sheri Shafer, the niece of Smith's mum, Risa Saunders, told MetroNews that her brother went to the home to find his family shot to death. She said no life sentence will ever be enough for what Smith did.  Referring to Smith's lengthy sentences, Shafer told reporters outside the courtroom: “It was better than what I thought they were going to do, but it doesn’t take from what he did. It just doesn’t." Smith, in her view, is no longer a part of her family. She said: “He’s Gavin. He’s not my relative."   During the hearing, judge Ballard said the only reason he gave life with mercy - meaning he will be eligible for parole after 15 years - is because it is required by state law for juveniles. During victim impact statements, Susan Long, the mother of Daniel Long and grandmother of Jameson Long, said she doesn’t agree with the current law. She said: “I believe it is the best interest of our world to have someone who has murdered four individuals including a defenceless baby not to be considered for parole. Just because he was 16 at the time doesn’t make a difference. He still took lives." Smith who spoke during the court hearing, for the first time since his conviction, said: "I do regret this and if I could, I’d take it back because it’s one of my deepest regrets." 