Chelsea could face a five-year stint playing at Wembley Stadium while they redevelop Stamford Bridge. The Blues are starting to weigh up their options and may have to commit to a project spanning 10 years if they opt to rebuild the stadium from the ground up. Interested parties in the ownership race after Roman Abramovich put Chelsea up for sale were asked to commit to building a new, state-of-the-art stadium. Todd Boehly included funds for such a project in his £4.25billion takeover in May 2022 - as much as £1.75bn - and is now investigating the best approach. According to Mirror Sport, Chelsea are ready to take action after months of the stadium situation sitting at the top of agendas when fans have had the opportunity to sit down with club figures. No official meetings have taken place, and the Blues haven't set a timescale on the redevelopment. However, there is a feeling that going down the route of demolishing Stamford Bridge could take up to five years. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Supporters have been warned the process could be a decade long, with clearing up the site after knocking the Bridge down expected to take 18 months alone. If rebuilding Stamford Bridge from stand-to-stand is the path chosen, Chelsea could follow in the footsteps of Tottenham Hotspur by moving into Wembley. But while the north Londoners spent almost two seasons at the national stadium, Chelsea would be looking at a five-year stay. The Blues can't make a decision without consulting the Chelsea Pitch Owners, who were handed power by former owner Ken Bates to ensure supporters had to permit any significant opportunity. DON'T MISS: Chelsea owner Boehly has four options to replace Potter amid crisis  The CPO have been described as freeholders of the current Stamford Bridge site, but Chelsea could explore building on a new site to emphasise the club's post-Abramovich era. Tottenham spent over £1bn to build the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on the White Hart Lane site, spending two years across north London at Wembley, also playing one game at Stadium MK in Milton Keynes. Chelsea's development is slightly more complicated, with railway and Tube lines and housing in close proximity to Stamford Bridge. But Boehly is actively looking at options as he looks to push forward with the club's new era, despite continued troubles on the pitch. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here