Ukraine has called for “open deliveries of long-range missiles” from its Western allies and for F-16 fighter jets, President Volodymr Zelensky has revealed, hours after the US and Germany made major pledges of main battle tanks. The Ukrainian President held a meeting with NATO secretary general Jens Stoltenberg on Wednesday, calling to “expand our cooperation in artillery” and hinting at what some of Mr Zelensky’s top officials have said is the “next big hurdle” in the form of fighter jets. Ukrainian foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba earlier on Wednesday said he had spoken to Poland’s foreign minister, Zbigniew Rau, about further military aid, including fighter jets.    In a message on Telegram, Mr Zelensky said: “I've spoken with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg today... We must also open deliveries of long-range missiles to Ukraine, it is important - we must expand our cooperation in artillery.” Speaking about the prospect of NATO member states affording Kyiv some of their F-16 fighter jets, Mr Zelensky added: “This is a dream. And this is a task.” Yuriy Sak, who advises Ukraine’s defence minister, Oleksiy Reznikov, also said fighter jets would be “the next big hurdle”. He said: “If we get them, the advantages on the battlefield will be just immense. It’s not just F-16s. Fourth generation aircraft, this is what we want.”    Previous requests from Ukraine to its allies for fighter jets have not yielded results but in light of the recent main battle tank pledges from the US, Germany and, two weeks ago, from Britain, will encourage Kyiv that such future promises are possible. The Dutch government recently said it would consider transferring some of its 50 planes in coordination with allies. Wopke Hoekstra, the Dutch foreign affairs minister and deputy prime minister, said on January 19 that they had an “open mind” about sending what Russia might view as more offensive weapons, referencing F-16 fighter jets. Speaking a day before the Ramstein meeting of Kyiv’s backers on January 20, Mr Hoekstra said his cabinet would look into supplying fighter jets if Kyiv requested it. READ MORE: Ukraine needs F-16 jets to win the war and hold peace against Russia [OPINION]   Prominent military analyst Professor Michael Clarke told Express.co.uk last week, in light of the Dutch comments, that Ukraine had been doing “remarkably” to hold off the Russian attack from the sky without these fighter jets. That Ukraine has been so prodigious on the frontline since last summer, Professor Clarke said, evinces the success of the air forces, who have, up to now, only received second-hand Soviet planes with spare parts. Without their economical efforts, a Russian advantage from the sky would have likely precluded Ukraine’s counter offensives through the summer, as well as the retaking of Kharkiv in September and the reclaiming of Kherson in November. Their ability to keep the frontline largely stationary during the winter also speaks to their considered and targeted use of air defence weapons. DON'T MISS: US tank deliver will need 'Herculean' effort as state set for trouble [INSIGHT] UK 'Mozart Group' launch life-saving missions to thwart Putin's war [REPORT] Defence chiefs warned Army may need twice as many tanks as planned [REVEAL]   Andriy Yermak, the head of Ukraine's presidential administration said Wednesday had been a “historic day” for all the tank pledges made by its major allies. He said it would be “one of those days that will determine our future victory”, adding: “The great time is coming.” But President Zelensky, while expressing gratitude for the “extremely pleasant news”, urged the West to exercise “speed”. Speaking on Wednesday evening on his Telegram channel, he said: “The key thing now is speed and volume. The speed of training of our military, the speed of supplying tanks to Ukraine and the volume of tank support.” READ NEXT: Russia rushing out 'experimental' T-14 tank despite troops' complaintsBrit volunteers died as they rescued woman in UkraineRussia livid as US and Germany send tanks to UkraineUkraine LIVE: Biden confirms US will send Kyiv new batch of tanksUS to send Abrams tanks to Ukraine in U-turn   