Newcastle United have put clubs on alert after putting a price tag in excess of £26million on Allan Saint-Maximin. AC Milan are believed to be among the clubs interested in the French winger, who has struggled for game time under Eddie Howe this season. However, the current valuation is said to be too high for the Italian giants, opening the door for other suitors. Saint-Maximin is something of a fan favourite at St James’ Park. He is not afraid to take on opposition full-backs while he is also one of the most skilful players in the Premier League, regularly getting bums off seats. However, he is yet to find any real consistency in the northeast and as a result, he has struggled for game time at times this season with Howe preferring to use him as an option off the bench. He has started just four matches all season, the last of which came in October, with Joelinton, Callum Wilson and Miguel Almiron establishing themselves as the club’s first-choice front three. The Frenchman has been linked with a move away from the club this month with the Daily Mail reporting the club would be open to selling him if they are able to complete a deal for Everton winger Anthony Gordon. Nottingham Forest reportedly tried to include him their deal for Chris Wood with the offer quickly rejected by the Magpies with AC Milan also seriously interested. Newcastle have placed a valuation in excess of £26million according to Gianluca Di Marzio, a fee that would be too much for the Rossoneri. The player's agents have already held talks with the Italian giants but his price may have to come down if he is to make the move to the San Siro. The winger has emerged as a potential alternative to Nicolo Zaniolo with Milan struggling to find the cash to buy the Roma midfielder. Tottenham and Bournemouth have also approached the Italian as the race for his signature hots up. Howe was keen to praise Saint-Maximin after he came on as a substitute during Newcastle’s 1-0 win over Southampton in the Carabao Cup in midweek. The joined Alexander Isak off the bench with the duo helping to turn the match in the Magpies favour. “I thought all the subs, even Jacob coming on, he didn’t have as long as the other two, did really well,” he said. “Alex’s contribution to the goal was exceptional, and he could have scored right at the end. Really, really pleased with him. “And Maxi, his decision-making, and when to dribble and when to pass, was at the highest level. I think we’re seeing Maxi hopefully return to his best form.” It remains to be seen whether or not Saint-Maximin but there will be a host of the St James Park faithful that will be desperate to see the exciting winger remain at the club.