Arsenal legend Ray Parlour has weighed in on the behaviour of Tottenham striker Richarlison following Sunday's north London derby. There were ugly scenes at the end of the match at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. Richarlison was not happy with Arsenal goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale at the full-time whistle. Ramsdale gestured towards the home crowd and kissed his badge to celebrate the victory. The Tottenham forward took exception to his actions and pushed him a couple of times. As Ramsdale went to pick up his water bottle, he appeared to be kicked in the back by a fan. Parlour has hit out at the supporter and condemned his behaviour. But he has also been critical of Richarlison. Parlour claims the Brazilian should have accepted defeat better than he did. The former midfielder thinks his manager Antonio Conte will also be disappointed. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  "The aftermath of the derby was ridiculous," Parlour told Lord Ping. "The reactions after the match were absolutely ridiculous. "I know people don’t like to lose, and that is why when you lose there is always a bit of friction. North London Derbies are always quite feisty - I have played in so many! You do get the odd idiot that will go over the top and cross the line. "Getting stick from the fans is normal, but there are people who have crossed the line and that fan certainly did. With Richarlison, I don't know what he was trying to do. "It’s ridiculous. The correct thing to do is shake someone’s hand when you lose. DON'T MISSDiaby emerges as Arsenal January target after Raphinha developmentMan Utd star Sancho’s next course of action after watching Man City winMan Utd's 'discreet' target comes to light after 'follow up' on scouting trips  "I've lost north London Derbies. When you lose you’re not happy, but you don't go around doing what he did. So I think Mikel Arteta had done well to get him away. "But you don't really need that in the game. You can lose the game, but don't lose it in that manner and lose your head as well. I think Conte will be disappointed as well." Speaking to ESPN Brazil after the game, Richarlison claimed Ramsdale was disrespectful with his post-match celebrations. He said: “What I really didn’t like was their goalkeeper going to celebrate in front of our fans. "It’s kind of disrespectful to our fans, he has their fans, he has to go celebrate with their fans, not be cute with our fans."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here