Leading actor Mark Williams has been playing Father Brown since the hit BBC series first began in 2013. As the show is half-way through its 10th series, the actor has paid tribute to his long-running co-star Tom Chambers, who plays Inspector Sullivan. The actor also spoke of his joy of working with Tom again, after he spent some time away from the series. Mark fondly said of his co-star: "It's always great to work with Tom. "He's a hoofer as well. He's a lovely mover that boy!” “When he was a kid, he [Tom]wanted to be a racing driver. He was quite good, but not quite good enough. So the car chases are good.” READ MORE: Prince Andrew is 'using 'Harry's attacks' to 'clear his name' Both Mark and Tom got the chance to drive some "real beauties" in the new series. He explained: “The cars are great, We have terrific access to them because we’re so close to Coventry and Birmingham. “It’s where most of our good cars were made in the 50s. "A lot of the people who own them and restore them remember them as kids. "So there's a great enthusiasm that we can tap into. But I get car envy because I've only got a bike!” Recalling a particularly embarrassing incident with his bike, Mark shared with Express.co.uk: "With riding a bike, gravel is your enemy. “I went to cycle in gravel and it got deeper. At one point we were using this hotel as part of the scene and I thought I would cycle out of shot. "But, I ploughed into nine inches of gravel and just came to a stop and toppled sideways and fell over in the grass on the gravel!" DON'T MISS...Father Brown’s star details ‘horrendous’ day on set [INTERVIEW]Father Brown said goodbye to Hugo Speer as Inspector Valentine [EXPLAINER]Here's a look at the cast of Father Brown The Gardeners of Eden [INSIGHT] He continued: "There was a young guy who was working as a kitchen porter who could just see out of his sort of prison window. "He absolutely killed himself laughing at me falling over." Despite his fall, he remarked: "I felt quite pleased because I definitely made his day and cheered him up. "Ideally when you're working you want to see someone outside fall over in mud in a top hat and tails." Mark did not suffer any lasting injuries from the fall and is now looking forward to the latest batch of murders to solve in Kembleford. As well as bike chases, his character Father Brown also welcomed the new para secretary Mrs. Devine (played by Claudie Blakley), and Brenda Palmer (Ruby-May Martinwood) to the fold. Father Brown airs Friday on BBC One at 1.45pm.