Arsenal take on Newcastle at the Emirates this evening in a battle of two of the Premier League's top three. Mikel Arteta has a near fully-fit squad to pick from for the visit of the Magpies but has a suspension dilemma over two players. Express Sport looks at the XI Arteta is expected to select. Aaron Ramsdale seemed to be holding his hamstring in the first half of the 4-2 win at Brighton. However, he stayed on for the remainder of the match so should be fine for this one. Ramsdale looked a little shaky in the second half at the Amex, as did the Gunners defence. Arsenal have just one clean sheet at home in the Premier League this season despite winning every game. The first suspension worry is that of William Saliba. A yellow card in this match would rule the Frenchman out of the trip to north London rivals Tottenham. Saliba has sat on four yellow cards for six games so far, dating back to his last booking on October 16. Arteta will likely gamble and keep him in the team alongside Gabriel. READ MORE: Arsenal made aware of 'new price' for Mudryk after second bid   Ben White's substitution at Brighton saw a real drop off, outlining his growing importance at right-back. Oleksandr Zinchenko will aim to start his first home league match since October 1. There aren't many players at a higher level than Martin Odegaard in England right now. He may not be the most vocal leader but is certainly leading with his performances. The whole Arsenal midfield is pivotal to their success. Thomas Partey and Granit Xhaka are undeniably two of the first names on Arteta's team sheet. DON'T MISSGuardiola hints at training ground issues as City trio continue to be left outRonaldo hands Man Utd parting gift with 'January loan' on the cardsMan Utd can give Fernandes his partner in crime with stunning deal available   Bukayo Saka provides the second suspension conundrum for Arteta. He picked up his fourth yellow at Brighton and will miss the north London derby if gets another. Saka has started every Premier League match so far this season but he will have to be on his best behaviour against Eddie Howe's side. Eddie Nketiah has two goals in his two starts since being given the responsibility of leading the line. Gabriel Martinelli is also in the form of his life and will operate off the left. Emile Smith Rowe is nearing a return but won't be ready to start yet. Arsenal expected XI vs Newcastle in full: Ramsdale; White, Saliba, Gabriel, Zinchenko; Partey, Xhaka, Odegaard; Saka, Nketiah, Martinelli. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 