  BBC Breakfast presenter Sally Nugent, 51, praised Bill Turnbull's daughter Flora, 31, in a poignant post today, coinciding with the star’s appearance on the BBC One show this morning. Broadcasting legend Bill died last year at the age of 66 after a five-year battle with prostate cancer.      Sally shared a clip of Flora being interviewed about her dad on BBC Breakfast this morning from the show’s official Twitter account. The video was captioned: “The daughter of former #BBCBreakfast presenter Bill Turnbull will run the London Marathon in her late father's memory. “Flora Turnbull told us she wants to continue his campaign to raise awareness over prostate cancer after his death last year.” In response, Sally told her 154,800 followers: “Flora Turnbull is on @BBCBreakfast this morning. Her dad Bill would be super proud.” READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau's Dick and Angel break silence on show return      In the clip, Flora can be heard saying: “I think first of all I wanted to have a purpose this year and to remember dad in the most purposeful way possible. “And this felt like I could pay tribute to him in a way that was personal to him, because he ran the marathon a few times. “And also, in a way, to highlight this cause for Prostate Cancer UK,” she added. Sally and her co-presenter Nina Warhurst became emotional this morning as they opened up on the death of their "brilliant" late co-star Bill in response to Flora’s appearance on the programme.      According to Prostate Cancer UK, one in eight men will get prostate cancer in their lifetime. Prostate cancer can develop when cells in the prostate start to grow in an uncontrolled way and, when it grows quickly, it is more likely to spread. It is the most common type of cancer in men across the UK, with one man dying of prostate cancer every 45 minutes. Bill's family released a statement last year confirming he had died from the illness on August 31. READ MORE... Zoe Ball responds to warning she's next on the 'Radio Two hit list' [LATEST] Michelle Keegan suffers near wardrobe malfunction in busty display [NEWS] Lisa Marie Presley's daughter Riley shares heartbreaking final photo [NEWS]    The presenter was first diagnosed in 2017, which forced him to temporarily step down from his Classic FM radio show. The statement from his family read: "Following a challenging and committed fight against prostate cancer, Bill passed away peacefully at his home in Suffolk surrounded by his family on Wednesday, 31st August. "Bill was diagnosed in 2017 and has had outstanding medical care from the Royal Marsden and Ipswich Hospitals, St Elizabeth Hospice and his GP. "He was resolutely positive and was hugely buoyed by the support he received from friends, colleagues, and messages from people wishing him luck.      “It was a great comfort to Bill that so many more men are now testing earlier for this disease,” the statement continued. "Bill will be remembered by many as a remarkable broadcaster who brought warmth and humour into people's homes on BBC Breakfast and Classic FM. "He was also a devoted Wycombe Wanderers fan and an ever-aspiring beekeeper. “Bill was a wonderful husband and father to his three children; his family and friends will miss how he always made them laugh, and the generosity and love he shared with those around him."   