Meghan and Harry have pursued a life in the US and now live miles away from the Royal backdrop of Great Britain. But with King Charles III's coronation coming up this summer, there has been much speculation over whether the pair will attend. With no confirmation on either decision as yet, the couple have been accused of knowing "how to play" the press, despite the Duke of Sussex verbally bashing the press after a lifetime of being in the spotlight. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams said: "The Sussexes popularity is at rock bottom in Britain." Mr Fitzwilliams claims that Meghan and Harry "would not be missed by a great many people if they were not to attend" the King's coronation. He added: "The coronation will be magnificent and they won’t overshadow it whatever they do. "But [Meghan and Harry] might feature significantly in the [media in the] run up to it". He described the couple as "so unpredictable", adding that they "know how to play the press". While the couple have not ruled out a return to the UK for the coronation on May 6, a source close to the Independent claims the King does not expect his son and his wife's presence. They added: "The family will extend the invitation but it would be very hard for Harry and Meghan to be there given everything that has been said in the interviews and the book. "The family expects Harry and Meghan to find a reason not to be there." Prince Harry and Meghan made the decision to step down as senior royals in 2020, amid plans to work to "become financially independent". The couple made their surprise announcement via their official Instagram page on January 8, 2020.  READ MORE: Loved-up Zara and Mike Tindall kiss, cuddle and joke around with pals in carefree display They completed their final engagement as senior royals in March that year, before travelling to begin their new life, along with their young son, Archie, overseas. Amid their family feud, the Duke of Sussex used a new explosive interview to send a public direct message to the Royal Family. In the new interview, which is expected to upset the Royal Family, Prince Harry asked the Royal Family to "come clean". He also publicly asked the family to offer an apology to his wife. Also full of claims and digs to the Royal Family, Harry's book Spare was released last week, on January 10.  DON'T MISS While Prince Harry has continued to take part in interviews to promote his book, a YouGov poll indicates his popularity has "tumbled further" in the eyes of the British public. According to its data, one in five Britons (21 percent) believe the main motivation behind the release of Spare is for the prince to “tell his side of the story” – but around twice as many ,41 percent, believe it’s to make money. Only nine percent voted to say they thought the book was released to publicly condemn the Royal Family and under one percent think he did it to prompt a reconciliation with his father, King Charles III and brother Prince William. The full results can be found here.  