Primark has introduced a new deal that will affect all shoppers. The retailer has updated its click and collect service to help customers save their pennies. Primark has slashed the minimum price one needs to spend on its click and collect service, however, shoppers need to be fast as the offer is available for a limited time only. The budget retailer has reduced the minimum spend of its click and collect service from £15 to £5. However, this limited edition deal will only be valid until Tuesday, January 31. Shoppers will therefore have to be quick if they want to use Primark's handy service. READ MORE: Chelsy Davy 'shared sense of humour' with Kate when dating Harry Primark currently offers click and collect service exclusively at 25 of its stores across the North West of England, Yorkshire, and North Wales. The service enables customers to browse and purchase products online, before picking them up at their nearest store. However, only certain products can be bought in this way, including children's toys, clothing, and nursery items. Primark does not charge a fee for its special service, but usually shoppers need to spend at least £15 to qualify for it.  The service was only introduced by Primark last year, in the wake of the Covid pandemic. It was so popular to start with that it crashed shortly after going live. Although it therefore met many customers' needs, Primark's boss has previously stated it will never transition into a home delivery retailer. George Watson, the company's owner and Associated British Foods' CEO, told the Financial Times that Primark "is and always has been a high street retailer". READ MORE: Meghan wasn't afraid to 'embarrass family' during final days as royal The main objective of the click and collect service was to give shoppers who lived near smaller Primark branches an opportunity to browse the retailer's entire range. Due to this reason, Primark bosses didn't think bigger stores needed a click and collect service. At the time, Kari Rodgers, Primark UK Retail Director, said: "Our new click and collect service complements our stores, bringing customers more choice with even more convenience while continuing to offer them the great style and incredible value they already love and expect from Primark. "We love our stores, and we believe that click and collect will help to bring more people to the high streets and shopping centres in which they’re located, benefiting everyone in the community." Full list of stores offering the click and collect service Birkenhead, Grange Road, CH41 6EA Blackburn, The Mall Blackburn, BB1 7JG Blackpool, Bank Hey Street, FY1 4RY Bolton, Crompton Place Shopping, BL1 1EA Broughton, Broughton Shopping Park, CH4 0DE Burnley, Charter Walk Shopping Centre, BB11 1BB Bury, The Rock Shopping Centre, BL9 0ND Carlisle, English Street, CA3 8NX Chester, Foregate Street, CH1 1HA Huddersfield, New Street, HD1 2TR Lancaster, Marketgate Shopping Centre, LA1 1JF Liverpool, Church Street, L1 3AY Llandudno, Parc Llandudno Retail Park, LL30 1PX Manchester, Market Street, M1 1WA Manchester, The Trafford Centre, M17 8AS Oldham, Market Place, OL1 3AB Preston, Fishergate Shopping Centre, PR1 8HJ Sheffield, Meadowhall, S9 1ER Sheffield, The Moor, S1 4PA Southport, Chapel Street, PR8 1AE Stockport, Chestergate, SK1 1NT Wallasey, Cherry Tree Shopping Centre, CH44 5TL Warrington, Golden Square, WA1 1QB Wigan, Standishgate, WN1 1UP Wrexham, Regent Street, LL11 1RY