Before Christmas last year, Sarah was seen at the Wentworth Club, a private golf and country club in Surrey, supporting the National Foundation for Retired Service Animals (NFRSA), a charity for retired dogs and horses from the police, fire, and border force services. Sarah posed with the charity's 2023 calendar, which it is selling to raise money. The charity posted a photo of Sarah on its Instagram, with the caption: "A very special friend of ours popped in to say hello while we were @wentworth_club yesterday. The Duchess has kindly purchased a few calendars for Xmas pressies and she did a wonderful video for us too, stand by for a post later. "The Duchess has the biggest heart, we had a welcome cuppa and shared our hopes, dreams and vision with her. Attentive, informed, and deeply interested in the ‘who’s’, the ‘how’s’, the ‘what for’s’, and the ‘how can we help’s’ - completely delightful and warm and caring. Photo published with The Duchess’s kind permission. Thank you Ma’am for your time." Another video of the Duchess was shared a few days later, accompanied by the caption: "With our deepest thanks to The Duchess of York for her kind words, and wonderful support. You can buy this beautiful calendar created by @gerrysladephotography on our website, along with other #xmas #gift ideas. "All the proceeds go towards supporting retired dogs and horses from the police, fire, prison, and border force services. More info on the website." READ MORE: Kate and William's new home is 'such a downsize' compared to Frogmore In the photo and video, Sarah was wearing a khaki green padded coat with what seemed like a black dress underneath, although it was barely visible. She completed her look with a pair of black, sheer tights, and a pair of black, shiny ballet flats. The Duchess accessorised with a black, velvet headband, her red locks lying in waves over her shoulders. She also donned small, gold hoops and her fingernails were painted red.  Sarah's coat was new and was the Full Skirt Maxi Quilted Coat by Karen Millen, in collaboration with her friend Lydia Millen. The coat is available to buy now on the Karen Millen website, and is down from its original price of £255 to £128. The website offered a little more information about the coat, saying: "This beautiful coat is from By Lydia Autumn ’21: The Heritage Collection, the third collection designed by Lydia Millen with Karen Millen. "Blending heritage-style quilting with an ultra-feminine silhouette (thanks to its clever darting), this full-skirted coat is a cold-day wardrobe staple. "Glossy brass snap closures and a waist-cinching belt lend glam appeal to this pocketed maxi style." Sarah's shoes were the Black Patent And Leather Bow CC Cap Toe Ballet Flats by Chanel. The Duchess has been seen wearing them before - but not for a while. Instead, in recent months, Sarah has favoured Charlotte Olympia's cat-shaped ballet flats, which drew criticism from royal fans. This time, though, royal watchers praised Sarah's look, including her shoes. User @birdnerd327 wrote: "I’m going to say this is a hit for her. We have nice shoes that don’t verge on the side of twee or cringe. She looks lovely in green and I don’t see a military style blazer on underneath so yay." User @mydocuments_ said: "I actually really like this on Fergie. The coat is very unique and for once she's not wearing a mini skirt." Emma Hurley agreed. She said: "I like this - great colour for her, age appropriate, no military details." User @luxmeagainpreloved wrote: "I like this on Sarah. It’s got style while being classic and budget friendly. Great for travel too. Can also dress it up for a work to cocktails event. Sarah is one of those women people have loved to knock since she came on the scene 40+ years ago. People are telling us that these things, however harmless they seem, hurt them a lot. Let’s try to listen." Laura Kathryne added: "Agreed. For her, this is a total hit."