Manchester United see Marcus Thuram as a ‘feasible’ option to replace Cristiano Ronaldo, it has been claimed. The Red Devils are hoping to land a new striker this winter following the departure of the 37-year-old, who left by mutual consent back in November. But Newcastle are also keen on the 25-year-old, who has scored 10 goals in 15 games for Borussia Monchengladbach this term. Manchester United had been hoping Ronaldo would stay until the end of the season after the Portugal international failed to secure an exit back in the summer. But the Portugal international burned his bridges with an infamous interview with Piers Morgan which, it has transpired, wasn’t approved by Jorge Mendes. United have been linked with a number of strikers since Ronaldo’s exit, ranging from Joao Felix to Alvaro Morata, Memphis Depay to Olivier Giroud. Yet journalist Dean Jones, speaking to GiveMeSport, has claimed the Red Devils see Thuram as a ‘feasible’ option to bring in this winter. However, Newcastle are said to be ‘more keen’ on the 25-year-old, who has impressed with his performances in the Bundesliga this season. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “From United’s point of view, he’s one feasible option currently out there,” he said. “At the moment, the other option he would have in England is Newcastle, and they do seem more keen on this than Man United.” What could work in both United and Newcastle’s favour when it comes to signing Thuram is his contractual situation. The France international, who recently made five appearances at the World Cup in Qatar, is set to become a free agent come the summer. United may be able to lure Thuram in due to their standing as one of the biggest clubs on the planet. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see With Ronaldo no longer at the club, and Anthony Martial inconsistent, they could even be able to promise him a regular spot in Erik ten Hag’s starting XI. However, Newcastle’s stunning form this season may end up working in their favour instead. And whether anyone signs Thuram this winter remains to be seen, with interest in the forward poised to grow if he continues to produce the goods. Should he move to United, he’d become their sixth signing from the Bundesliga. Owen Hargreaves moved to Old Trafford from Bayern Munich back in the summer transfer window of 2007, though injuries often hampered him during his spell with the club. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United never saw the best of Shinji Kagawa and Henrikh Mkhitaryan, who arrived from Borussia Dortmund in 2012 and 2016 respectively. Likewise with Bastian Schweinsteiger, who touched down when Louis van Gaal was manager. And, last summer, the Red Devils brought in Jadon Sancho - who has blown hot and cold for United ever since. Meanwhile, speaking recently, Ten Hag insisted United wouldn’t ‘burn through money’ as they look to bolster their attack. "I think we have a good team when all the players are available, but with many games coming up, I think there is a need [for a new striker],” he said. "But you need one who can have an impact, otherwise you are just burning money and you don't strengthen the squad. It doesn't help you." And he added: "I know we have good players and I know a lot of clubs will have an interest in players who aren't playing for us so often. "But we need the squad. We need depth in the squad and especially, I would say, the front line."