On Sunday January 8, Lisa Marie Presley made her first public appearance at Graceland in years. The 54-year-old was attending the special 88th birthday celebration for her father Elvis Presley on the mansion’s front lawn. Just two and half years earlier, she’d lost her son Benjamin Keough, 27, who died by suicide and is now buried by his grandfather in the Meditation Garden. After thanking fans in a short speech and cutting the cake, Lisa Marie had a private moment in the family cemetery by the mansion. There she told her friend David Kessler how one day she’d be buried there by her son, but tragically clarified “I got a lot to do still”. Lisa Marie then flew home to Los Angeles for an Elvis birthday party with her eldest daughter Riley Keough, Elvis movie star Austin Butler and director Baz Luhrmann. The following day she attended the Golden Globes to support them, alongside her mother Priscilla Presley and Memphis Mafia member Jerry Schilling. When Butler won the Best Drama Actor award, he said how much he loved Elvis’ daughter, who was clearly on the verge of tears. Tragically, just two days later – following these events where fans had been concerned for her health and noticed her slurring words – Lisa Marie suffered two cardiac arrests and died in hospital a week ago today. Now her public memorial service is set to take place on Graceland’s front lawn, exactly two weeks on from when and where she made a speech on Elvis’ 88th birthday. The Memphis mansion have now announced timings and live stream information for fans attending physically and virtually. Posting a picture of Elvis’ only child on social media, Graceland wrote: “Lisa Marie Presley’s Memorial Service will be held on Sunday, January 22, at 9:00 am [3pm GMT] at Graceland. In addition to family and friends, the public is invited to attend…For those unable to attend the service in Memphis, it will be available to watch online via Graceland’s Livestream page.” On the mansion’s official website, a statement continued: “Lisa Marie’s memorial service will take place on the front lawn of Graceland. Fans will gather on the north lawn of Graceland Mansion, adjacent to the seated area on the center lawn that will be reserved for Lisa Marie’s family and friends. Access to the north lawn will be standing room only, on a first come, first served basis as space allows.” Fans attending will also be able to visit her grave afterwards in a special Meditation Garden procession. READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley's housekeeper’s 911 call unveiled Graceland continued: “Following the memorial service, all fans may join a procession to Meditation Garden where Lisa Marie and her family have been laid to rest and then back down through the front gates. All guests on the north lawn will be able to join the procession following friends and family. EPE staff will be on hand to provide direction to those fans on the north lawn. Fans unable to access the north lawn for the service due to capacity, will be allowed to join procession as well. To participate in the procession, you MUST be in the queue line in front of the airplane terminal no later than 11:00 am. No one will be able to join the queue/procession line after this time.” More information on parking, access to the service, tours, security and advice on the laying of flowers is available on the official website here. The link to watch the live stream of Lisa Marie Presley’s memorial service, which begins at 2:50pm GMT on Sunday January 22, is available here. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 116 123 or visit a local Samaritans branch.