The Royal Family has remained silent since a string of highly controversial claims from Prince Harry’s memoir Spare were leaked last week. This weekend, the Duke of Sussex sat down for interviews with UK and US broadcaster to promote his upcoming book, and Express.co.uk readers have since begged Prince William to break his silence with his own interview in response to the allegations. Harry has conducted a series of interviews to promote Spare, the first two with 60 Minutes and ITV airing on Sunday evening, January 8. Harry defended his decision to write the 416-page book with ghostwriter JR Moehringer, claiming that remaining silent “only allows the abuser to abuse”. The Duke shared excepts of his memoir and discussed his relationship with members of the Royal Family as well as his feelings towards the Firm and media with ITV’s Tom Bradby, but added he would like reconciliation with “accountability” from his family. Speaking about his relationship with William, Harry told CBS’ Anderson Cooper on 60 minutes: “My brother and I love each other. I love him deeply. There has been a lot of pain between the two of us, especially the last six years. "None of anything that I've written, anything I've included is ever intended to hurt my family. But it does give a full picture of the situation as we were growing up, and also squashes this idea that somehow my wife was the one that destroyed the relationship.” READ MORE: Five jaw-dropping moments from Prince Harry's back-to-back interviews Now, Express.co.uk readers have urged William to arrange his own sit-down interview to respond to Harry’s claims and share the Firm’s perspective. In response to a recent poll ahead of Harry’s interviews asking if the Royal Family should speak out, readers shared their thoughts on William breaking the silence. One reader, username GEE said: “The time will come when ignoring the issues will be seen as unacceptable, at which time it may be deemed acceptable for William to do a sit-down interview. William should be considering who he can trust to present the family’s narrative.” Another, username Jellybean66 wrote: “Keep quiet till the book comes out and really scrutinise it. Then perhaps say something in a sit-down interview with someone they trust.” And username macca1962 said: “If they do speak out it should be Prince William who does it. I think he's the only one that doesn't fear Harry.” DON'T MISS: Fears that Taliban will target Invictus Games for killing 25 members [LATEST]Harry and Meghan dubbed ‘the ginger and the whinger’ by TV pundit [REACTION]Harry is not desperate to reconcile, he is desperate to flog his book [COMMENT] However, some experts have claimed the Royal Family’s silent approach is unsustainable, with talent manager and communications adviser Carla Speight, telling inews.co.uk: “William and Kate need to override their press team’s outdated ‘no comment’ approach. The accusations are simply too big to ignore.” She added: “Queen Elizabeth’s approach was always stoic consistency, but even she knew when to break the old-fashioned PR strategy and show her human side – for example, when Diana passed away. “The reality facing the Cambridges now is that they have to follow the late Queen’s example of showing their human side whilst remaining in a place of authority. “I can’t see their popularity lasting much longer if they continue to refuse to address this PR catastrophe.” Royal author Tina Brown said the Royal Family’s “never complain, never explain” maxim was becoming harder to maintain. She told the BBC: “It’s always a disaster when they do try to go on television and explain. So somehow they have to keep calm and carry on as they always have – but they can’t really create a counter-narrative to what Harry’s doing because they don’t really have the tools to do it.” It is not uncommon for members of the Royal Family to share their thoughts through sit-down interviews. In 1994 Charles, then-Prince of Wales, shared insight into his family relationships and the failure of his marriage to Diana, Princess of Wales, with Jonathan Dimbleby as part of a television programme and subsequent biography. And Diana spoke with BBC journalist Martin Bashir on Panorama in 1995 about her relationship and separation from Charles. More recently, in 2019, Prince Andrew sat down with Emily Maitlis on Newsnight to discuss his connections with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein.