The British Royal Family own millions of pounds worth of jewels, from dazzling tiaras, necklaces and brooches, their collection is said to be one of the finest in the world. While the female royals tend to wear the jewels, King Charles wears a piece that tends to go under the radar, and it will one day be inherited by Prince William. King Charles has been photographed wearing a pinky ring since the mid-1970s. On closer inspection, jewellers at Steven Stone said the ring is a gold signet ring, likely to be made with Welsh gold. Welsh gold has been used by members of the Royal Family to create their wedding bands since the Queen Mother married the Duke of York on 26th April 1923. Most of the Welsh gold is thought to be fashioned out of the Queen’s personal collection from the Clogau St. David Gold Mine in Dolgellau, Wales. READ MORE: Prince Harry's body language shows 'no intention' to attend coronation King Charles’ signet ring is engraved with the symbol of the Prince of Wales, and it serves as a reminder that although he was born to be King, Charles spent 64 years of his life as the Prince of Wales. The meaning of signet rings is associated with a symbolic family heritage. Signet rings were initially created and used to mark documents, with the face of the ring typically bearing a family crest pressed into hot wax. King Charles is not the original owner of the ring, however, his uncle Prince Edward, the Duke of Windsor, who was the Prince of Wales before he ascended the throne, first wore it. DON'T MISS...Five food storage ideas to stop cheese from going mouldy [GUIDE]Most flattering hairstyles for every face shape [EXPERT]Everything you need to know before starting a juice diet [EXCLUSIVE] The ring is thought to date back 175 years. Since Prince William has taken over his father’s role as the Prince of Wales, it is presumed he shall inherit the signet ring over Prince Harry. It is then likely that Prince George will inherit the ring next should he become the Prince of Wales in a few decades. The jewellery experts at Steven Stone took a close look at the ring and valued it. READ MORE: Hair expert shares the ‘most flattering’ colour for every woman Maxwell Stone, Creative Director said: “This signet ring is likely to be made with Welsh gold, a royal tradition, carrying a weight of approximately 20g. “Nowadays, signet rings are commonly worn as heirlooms, having been passed down through generations. “A signet ring like the King’s is likely to retail at approximately £4,000.” Prince William doesn’t currently wear any jewellery, a palace insider once told the Mirror: “He’s not one for jewellery. He’s never worn any.” Following his wedding to Kate, Princess of Wales in 2011, the Prince chose to not wear a wedding band either. At the time, a St James' aide explained: "It was something the couple discussed, but Prince William isn't one for jewellery - he doesn't even wear a signet ring - and decided he didn't want to. “It really is just down to personal preference.”