  On Tuesday evening, Dan Wootton clashed with his GB News show guest Nina Myskow about their opinion on Prince Harry and Meghan Markle and if the Sussexes should attend King Charles’ coronation. It is uncertain whether the Duke and Duchess will attend the coronation after the release of their Netflix documentary and Prince Harry’s memoir ‘Spare’, which was published earlier this month.      On Sunday, it was reported that King Charles wishes for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to attend his coronation, which is now less than 100 days away. The Daily Mail revealed that King Charles reportedly asked the Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, to broker an agreement between Prince Harry and Prince William which will allow the Sussexes to attend the coronation on May 6. However, it is understood that Prince William has been reluctant to make a deal and is concerned that Prince Harry may overshadow the event and “steal the limelight”. According to a senior source close to Lambeth Palace, King Charles believes Prince Harry and Meghan Markle not attending the ceremony would be commented on more than if they are present.    On GB News, host Dan Wootton discussed the recent revelations with his show guests; Ingrid Seward, who is editor-in-chief of Majesty magazine, and Nina Myskow, a journalist and columnist for the Sun. Dan Wootton said he was “really worried” about the Archbishop “getting involved” in negotiations between Prince Harry and the Royal Family. He said: “Sources over the weekend have described [the Archbishop] as ‘under the spell’ of Meghan and Harry. He’s on their side. “If he’s the one doing the brokering on the deal, I worry about what he is going to concede.” Ingrid Seward said she does not believe the Archbishop “should get involved” as the talks are “a father-son thing” She added: “The whole of Harry’s life, he’s known that his father is going to be King and that’s coloured his childhood and coloured his life, of course he has to be there. “It would be unthinkable if he wasn’t, and would create far more fuss if he wasn’t there.” READ MORE: William is 'especially close' to one royal - makes him feel 'relaxed' Mr Wootton and journalist Nina Myskow clashed on their viewpoints on the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Mr Wootton said that he personally did not want Prince Harry at the coronation, and said: “He has slagged off his own family, he has slagged off our country, he has attacked William and Camilla in the most brutal of ways. “Why does Charles even want to put his eldest son and his beloved wife in the position of having to deal with this creep and his awful wife?” Nina Myskow replied: “Because he is only telling the truth and he has lived it.” She spoke of Prince Harry’s memoir ‘Spare’ and added: “I read it properly as a book Dan, not just to see if I was mentioned in it like you were. I enjoyed the book, it is beautifully written…it is the biggest-selling book in publishing history. “The thing is with Justin Welby, anybody that brokers a deal has to be somebody that both sides respect. “Presumably King Charles respects Welby and I know that Harry and Meghan do because I saw in the Oprah interview that he gave them a blessing before their own wedding. They obviously have some connection with him” DON'T MISS: Kate dazzles in £1,980 red Alexander McQueen 'power suit' [REVEAL]Meghan's after-school ritual teaches Archie heartwarming life lesson [REPORT]Piers Morgan fumes 'I'll puke' over Harry attending King's coronation [INSIGHT] Dan Wootton disagreed and said: “Oh yes, he [the Archbishop] thinks Meghan is a great humanitarian that means he’s a terrible judge of character because she’s anything but that.” Nina Myskow said, “You cannot say that, you absolutely cannot say that.” The GB News Presenter replied: “I did and I stand by it. She is a fame-hungry actress and not a humanitarian.” Nina Myskow then gave her opinion on the Duchess of Sussex and said: "She gave a speech at the United Nations, way before she met Harry. She had her own career and is very successful.” She added: “You can’t have it both ways. People have said she is lying because she is a brilliant actress…she’s a very successful woman in her own right.”