The Princess of Wales left her guests in stitches as she held a key meeting at Windsor Castle. Prince William's wife spearheaded this morning the first-ever meeting with a newly-created eight-member advisory group. The team includes experts from across academia, science and the early year sector and has been appointed to offer strategic advice to Kate as she carries out her legacy-making work on early childhood development. The meeting took place at Windsor Castle, just a few minutes away from the Prince and Princess of Wales' new residence, Adelaide Cottage. Upon welcoming the members with a handshake, the royal was heard saying: "Thank you for coming on a cold sunny morning." Her light joke left the meeting's attendees in stitches. The group has been designed to support the Princess and the Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood which she launched in the summer of 2021. Together, they'll aim to continue to promote the fundamental importance the first five years in a child's life have on their development and future success. The members have been chosen for their deep understanding and expertise in their areas of work, ranging from neuroscience, psychology, perinatal psychiatry and early year services. Among those appointed are Professor Peter Fonagy OBE, the head of the division of psychology and language sciences at UCL and chief executive of the Anna Freud National Centre for Children and Families. Amanda Berry, Chief Executive of The Royal Foundation - which includes the Centre, said of the expert group: "I know their advice and experience is hugely valued by the Princess, and the whole Centre for Early Childhood team, as we continue to drive awareness of, and action on, the transformative impact of the early years. READ MORE: Nile Gardiner addresses 'divisions in camp Harry and Meghan' "The Advisory Group's support in our key areas of research, collaboration and awareness raising will be invaluable and I look forward to working closely with them to make a difference for generations to come."  We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express