Former Countdown star Carol Vorderman was probed about having five lovers on Monday's instalment of This Morning. When Lorraine Kelly was discussing the topics being covered by Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield on This Morning, she could not believe Carol "had the energy" for all of her "special friends".  Phillip told Lorraine he would be talking to Carol about her "very modern love life" and "how it works with her five special friends" after her ITV talk show had finished for the morning. A stunned Lorraine replied: "Who would have the energy for five - Jesus! Thank you both." It comes after Carol told television host Michelle Visage on the latest episode of her Rule Breakers podcast she's not exclusive with any of her partners but has been in long-term relationships with some of them. She told Michelle: "I've spoken about this once. I have a system which I've had for 10 years. They're called special friends. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan  "I spoke a couple of months ago about having special friends and it was like, again, the world had fallen in for some people but actually what I found was there was an awful lot of women who said, 'I'd never thought about it like this.'" Carol appeared on the This Morning sofa wearing a black jumper, a large buckled belt around her waist, black skinny jeans and black suede wedges. She had smokey brown eye makeup and her wavy brown locks were flowing down past her shoulders. She explained to Phillip and Holly "the reaction was almost universally positive" about her love life.   "They are other people who don't want one partner, everyone is single, that's a critical part of it," she insisted. Carol kept tight-lipped on who her "special friends" are but felt the dynamic worked for everyone involved. Phillip was keen to know if Carol ever had any issues remembering birthdays or big events, but she claimed there were not any problems. She also said she's not into having one-night stands as Holly and Phillip promised not to ask her anything too personal. DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly corrected by presenter over Ken Bruce post [UPDATE]Amanda Abbington shares health update for 'incredible' husband [LATEST]Prince Harry’s threats to Royal Family are ‘tantamount to blackmail’ [INSIGHT] This Morning viewers took to Twitter to praise Carol for discussing her love life on the ITV talk show. Mademoiselle Souris said: "I b****y love @carolvorders. #ThisMorning is bringing me life watching her - I absolutely love this for her." Lee Hood shared: "I applaud Carol Vorderman's honesty and everyone should be free to have a love life that is comfortable for themselves. Well done Carol." Michelle penned: "@carolvorders is 62! B****y hell, she didn’t even look like that at 20. She looks amazing! Go on Vorders, you see as many as you want #ThisMorning." (sic)  Beatrice added: "#ThisMorning everyone lives in relationships differently. It may not be seen as the norm but she’s happy and healthy. Where’s the problem?" (sic) Despite the praise, Ashley remarked: "No one cares about hearing about Carol Vorderman and her special friends #ThisMorning." @ManaboutLdn commented: "Why has Carol come on to talk about open relationships and then is being all coy? We want to know how you juggle five sexual relationships! Spill the beans #ThisMorning." This Morning continues on weekdays at 10am on ITV. 