Warning distressing content: Seven animals have been seized by police after distressing footage of a donkey being dragged by a car was posted online. The animals were seized on Friday night in Edenderry, Ireland, after the video clip was shared on TikTok.    The Gardai have urged anyone with information to contact them and animal welfare groups have condemned what happened.  A volunteer with the animal welfare organisation My Lovely Horse Rescue witnessed the incident happened and has made a statement to police.  The group condemned what happened as an “awful act of cruelty”. The clip shows a donkey tied by its head with rope to the back of a silver car. In the video, which was posted on TikTok, it is struggling as it is being pulled along a frosty grassy verge.     The Irish Post reports that after the footage was posted online, Gardaí from Edenderry revealed they were investigating an incident under Section 12 and 13 of the Animal Welfare Act. And on Saturday the Gardai said: "Seven animals have been seized overnight by Gardaí in Offaly as part of an ongoing investigation under the Animal Welfare Act." My Lovely Horse Rescue, alongside other animal welfare groups HungryHorse Outside and The Donkey Sanctuary, assisted the officials with seizing the animals. READ MORE: Paul Daniel's widow Debbie McGee breaks silence on flood at home  HungryHorse Outside said in a statement: "Many of you have heard of or have seen the horrendous video circulating social media platforms concerning this beautiful donkey being dragged behind a car in Offaly yesterday. "This donkey, together with his six companions, are now in our care thanks to the local Gardaí in Edenderry. "Our team worked well into the night and morning with the help of The Donkey Sanctuary to secure their safety. DON'T MISS:London 'gun nut's' house riddled with home-made weapons - police raid [LATEST]Emma Raducanu 'reviewing her body' and draws up six-month plan [SPORT]Love Island's Maya Jama 'demanded to return 800k engagement ring' [SHOWBIZ] "He has been seen and treated by a vet and we are hopeful for brighter future for him. "This incident is currently being investigated by gardaí and anyone who may have witnessed it is being asked to step forward." The Gardaí have asked anyone with information relating to the matter or any other witnesses with video footage to contact Tullamore Garda Station on 057 932 7600. 