Chris Eubank Jr has set a new list of terms for a fight with Conor Benn after their original contest was cancelled due to the latter failing a pre-fight drugs test. Benn’s promoter Eddie Hearn is insistent that The Destroyer will be back in the ring by late spring as the investigation continues into the adverse findings. Eubank Jr believes Benn has lost his ‘leeway’ over the contractual situation and says he will only box his fierce rival if the bout is booked at a stadium, the rehydration clause is scrapped, and he is given a lion’s share of the purse split. “Yeah, the fight is twice as big,” Eubank told The Guardian’s Donald McRae. “We would need a stadium with 60,000 instead of the O2. Does he deserve that kind of payday after being caught with illegal substances? Probably not. But it doesn’t mean I’m going to give up that payday. “And, now, it’s personal. It’s not just about upholding the family legacy. I now actually don’t like this kid. He’s done wrong by me. So, he’s lost all his privileges and bartering power. There are no weight clauses now. There are no rehydration limits. There are no 50% splits. Everything’s in my court now. I’m the only fight people want to see him in.” Benn tested positive for the banned substance, clomifene, during a VADA drugs test, leading to the entire event being pulled just days before it was set to take place. Throughout the entire process, Benn has maintained that he is innocent and recently submitted a 270-page document to the World Boxing Council to clear his name. Posting to social media back in October, Benn wrote: “My team have proven my innocence and the truth will soon come out. Until then, I won’t be commenting further due to confidentiality." MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury branded a 'clown' by Klitschko after latest Usyk call-out video Eubank left 'whinging' by Smith body shot as sparring details emerge Joshua 'rejected' fight with McKean due to troublesome quality Hearn has since come out and declared that Benn will be back in the ring this year. "He's gonna fight soon, but publicly we want him to be cleared,” he told the DAZN Boxing Show. “We're looking at opponents, probably late Spring. He still wants Chris Eubank Jr, Manny Pacquiao, even Terence Crawford." Before the long-awaited grudge match can take place, however, Eubank Jr will have to overcome former WBO light-welterweight champion Liam Smith who boxes Next Gen this weekend in Manchester.