Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are using lucrative media deals to "maximise revenue and profits from their royal titles for as long as they can", it has been claimed. The couple relinquished their roles as working members of the Royal Family when the moved from the UK to the US amidst the 'Megxit' row at the start of 2020 but still retained their Duke and Duchess of Sussex titles. Since then, the couple have signed lucrative media deals with the likes of Netflix and Spotify reportedly worth tens of millions of pounds. Harry hotly-anticipated memoir, Spare, will also officially be released on Tuesday, although leaked extracts from anaccidental early release in Spain have revealed more bombshell claims against the Royal Family. Last month, the Duke and Duchess released their six-part documentary series on Netflix, which once again contains several claims against the Firm. Nile Gardiner, a Royal Family enthusiast and Washington-based foreign policy expert told Express.co.uk: "One key motive for making these documentaries is to maximise revenue and profits from their royal titles for as long as they can. "A big part of this is actually enriching themselves at the expense of the Royal Family, using their royal titles to do so. Mr Gardiner has also ramped up calls for Harry and Meghan to be stripped of their Duke and Duchess of Sussex titles following the latest "vicious attacks" against the Royal Family. He continued: "From within Buckingham Palace, there will be a great deal of unhappiness and sadness in regards to Meghan and Harry. "The Netflix documentary series will have been seen as a monumental betrayal of the Royal Family and will be viewed as an all-out assault against the British monarchy. "I have no doubt the process for the eventual removal of their royal titles will now begin, especially for Meghan. READ MORE: Prince Harry was allowed to miss drugs test at RAF base  "This is a bridge too far for Meghan and Harry with the Royal Family - there's no turning back now from their latest vicious attacks. "They have spectacularly burnt whatever bridges remain with Buckingham Palace but significantly, they have completely destroyed any remaining goodwill there may have been among the British people." The comments come after a new poll suggested Harry and Meghan's popularity among the British people has nosedived since the Netflix documentary series aired last month. At the end of November, polling from Redfield and Wilton of 1,500 adults for The Spectator showed 45 percent had a "favourable" or "very favourable" view of Harry versus 29 percent who said it was "unfavourable" or "very unfavourable". DON'T MISSCharlotte 'burst into tears' over bridesmaid row with Kate and Meghan [REPORT]Kate forced to change name from Catherine to avoid confusion [LATEST]Prince Harry has put his family in serious danger with this awful book [OPINION] But at the beginning of January, only 30 percent said they had a "very favourable" or "favourable" view of the prince compared to 45 percent who think the opposite. Less than two months ago, more than a third (36 per cent) of the public had a positive view of Meghan Markle versus 38 percent who thought negatively of her. But her UK popularity has also plunged since the Netflix documentary series, with those figures plummeting to 23 percent and 52 percent respectively. During the Netflix documentary series, Meghan joked about having to curtsey to the late Queen after Harry recounted the conversation he had with his wife when he first introduced her to Her Majesty. In one clip, the duke referenced to "institutional gaslighting" before Meghan tells the camera: "I wasn't being thrown to the wolves, I was being fed to the wolves." The duchess opened up about her family's move to the US in 2020, and said: "Our security was being pulled. Everyone in the world knew where we were." Harry added: "I said, 'We need to get out of here'." Harry is seen on board their private jet at 6am on March 14, 2020 and saying: “We are on the freedom flight. We are leaving Canada and we are headed to Los Angeles." In one bombshell claim, Harry alleged Kensington Palace "lied to protect" Prince William when it issued a joint statement in both their names the same day which he claims was without his permission, denying a story his brother had bullied him out of the Royal Family. Harry also claimed his brother left him terrified when he screamed and shouted at him, while the Duke also accused his father King Charles III of saying untrue things when the Queen gathered them together at Sandringham in January 2020 to solve the 'Megxit' crisis. Buckingham Palace declined to comment on any of the claims made by Harry and Meghan. Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10th.