Adrien Rabiot has reportedly received a bumper contract offer as the likes of Arsenal, Liverpool and Newcastle United position themselves to strike in January. The French World Cup finalist is into the final six months of his Juventus deal and could leave on the cheap over the next four weeks or for free at the end of the season. Rabiot has previously been considered a nearly-man but a purple patch of form at the end of 2022 may get him a big move or a hefty pay day. The midfield maestro notched five goal contributions in as many games leading up to the World Cup, where he was a regular in Didier Deschamps' starting XI. The 27-year-old also started in the final against Argentina, which Les Bleus lost on penalties. His run of form may have come just in the nick of time with the January transfer window now open and Juventus given a decision to make. Although Rabiot's value will have increased over the past few months, his transfer fee would still be minimal due to his contract situation. READ MORE: Klopp issued £200m Liverpool action plan after Brentford loss As a result Liverpool, Arsenal and Newcastle are all credited with interest in the former Paris Saint-Germain star who could provide them with a good-value transfer opportunity. Rabiot has recently spoken of his desire to play and 'evolve' in the Premier League but Juve have reportedly thrown a spanner in the works. According to Gazzetta dello Sport, the Bianconeri have tabled a huge contract offer that could prompt Rabiot to change course and stay in Turin. The proposal is thought to be worth an initial £6million per year which would be inflated by bonuses. DON'T MISS Gary Speed's widow Louise suffers more heartbreak as husband dies from cancer Newcastle may have pulled off masterstroke as Maddison swap opens up What Man Utd chiefs think about Ten Hag after Rashford punishment Manchester United were linked with a move for the Frenchman last summer and even held talks with his representatives before being put off by his wage demands. It remains to be seen whether Juve putting cash on the table will sway Rabiot away from his Premier League ambitions and prevent the aforementioned trio from getting their hands on a bargain deal. The Gunners in particular are thought to be keen on midfield reinforcements as manager Mikel Arteta seeks to strengthen the squad this month to continue their Premier League title charge. When speaking to Express Sport, club legend David Seaman urged the Spaniard to avoid a depth issue in the middle of the park.  "We’ve got to be careful of injuries and the position we’re a little bit short on is defensive midfield players," he said. "With [Thomas] Partey and [Granit] Xhaka, if they get injured we’re not struggling but it could make things tricky. And then, obviously, a striker in form but you’re not going to get that in the January window. "At the moment we’re in a great place. I’m loving the fact that we’re top for the World Cup because last year we were bottom and Tottenham were top and it went to an international break. It was terrible for two weeks, now it’s great. We’ve got a great chance [of winning the league] and this team at Arsenal has got a different mentality."