Arsenal have agreed a contract with top transfer target Mykhaylo Mudryk, according to reports. The Ukraine international is claimed to have given the green light to a five-year deal. Mikel Arteta has prioritised the signing of Mudryk in the January transfer window. The Premier League leaders have already seen an offer worth around £55million turned down by Shakhtar Donetsk. However, Arsenal seem determined to get a deal over the line. Mudryk has flirted with the idea of joining the north London club, showing himself watching the club's last two matches on his Instagram story. It appears he is itching at the prospect of joining Arteta's project, labelling the Spaniard a "top coach" during the 4-2 win over Brighton. And it has now been reported that a contract has been agreed. READ MORE: Arsenal retaliate and 'to hijack' Chelsea deal after Blues go in for Mudryk  Ukrainian outlet Sport Arena says a fee is yet to be sorted with Shakhtar. However, the report says a contract has been finalised with the winger and the Gunners are set to return with an improved offer. Mudryk, 21, has made just 44 senior career appearances for Shakhtar. But his 12 goals and 17 assists so far has clearly caught the eye of Arteta. Arsenal's interest in the player first emerged in the summer window. Mudryk shone for Shakhtar during the Champions League group stage, which led to the club slapping a price tag of around £86m (€100m) on his head. Shakhtar chiefs claimed Mudryk was worth the same amount as the likes of Manchester City star Jack Grealish and Manchester United's Brazilian international Antony. Mudryk has spoken out against the price tag his club is demanding. DON'T MISSArsenal sleep easy as clever Edu negotiation in Odegaard deal comes to lightMan Utd set to seal bargain deal as £10.6m striker 'to snub two sides'Arsenal issued strange jibe by Brighton boss De Zerbi after 4-2 win  Arsenal are hopeful of striking a deal for a lower amount and also beat off competition from London rivals Chelsea. Agreeing a contract with the player is a crucial step in getting a deal nearer to completion. Arteta wants to add further depth to his attacking resources. Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli have been two of Arsenal's best players so far this season. However, the duo have had to start every single Premier League match so far due to a lack of alternative options. Mudryk operates predominantly off the left and is yet to score in his eight caps for Ukraine. Arteta refused to discuss any interest in Mudryk at his press conference ahead of the victory at Brighton. But the Spaniard has insisted the club will look to use the January window to the maximum.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here