Happy Valley season three sees James Norton reprising his breakout role as violent criminal Tommy Lee Royce. The mercurial character continues to prove a menacing presence in the gritty BBC drama starring Sarah Lancashire and Siobhan Finneran. Here’s a close look at Norton and his life away from the cameras. Norton, 37, isn’t married but he is soon to be off the market as he’s engaged to fellow actor Imogen Poots. The couple have been together for five years after meeting in 2018 while working on the play Belleville at London’s Donmar Warehouse, where they played lovers. He reportedly proposed to Poots, 33, in 2022 with couple now expected to be planning their nuptials. Their romance was initially a long-distance one before the couple moved in together in London. READ MORE: Happy Valley fans are curious about the actor behind Ryan Poots is best known for her roles in 28 Weeks Later, Knights of Cups, Outer Range, I Know This Much Is True and The Father. Some of Poots’ other roles include Vivarium, Black Christmas, Christopher and His Kind and Filth. According to IMDb, she will next be starring in The Teacher and The Chronology of Water with the former in post-production and the latter in pre-production. Before deciding to become an actress, Poots had considered becoming a vet but she later changed her mind after attending improv workshops. Poots has also opened up in the past about her relationship with Norton, saying: “It's all I've ever known. I've never known something to fall apart because of distance.” She went on to tell the Evening Standard in 2020: “I find work to be my happy place, in a way. Because it’s all I’ve ever known: packing up a bag and moving on.” Norton previously admitted his role in Nowhere Special made him feel broody after playing a terminally ill father with a young son. He said back in 2021: "It definitely made me broody.” Adding: “I’m 35, I'm in a long-term relationship, my sister has two boys who are under three - the film really made me think about having children." The Grantchester and McMafia star and his co-star, child actor Daniel Lamont build up a rapport for their roles as onscreen father and son. He said: "We got on really well. It was just making sure he really wanted to come to work, and that the love we wanted to capture on film was real." Norton said the role also made him consider his own mortality, he said: "Being forced to contemplate one's death in a very simple way is something I think we run away from most of the time, rather than sit down and meditate on what's going to happen when you die.” Adding: “It was really cathartic for me to share a little bit of John's journey." DON'T MISS...Tom Chambers pays tribute to Father Brown star Mark Williams [INTERVIEW]The Masked Singer’s Pigeon’s identity ‘uncovered’ in costume clue [THEORY]1923 episode 4 cast [EXPLAINER Norton previously dated Irish actress and singer Jessie Buckley, whom he was with for two years before they went their separate ways. Buckley and Norton met while they were siblings in the BBC’s racy adaptation of the Leo Tolstoy classic War & Peace. Addressing their split, Buckley told The Times in 2018: “It was acrimonious, but it’s a tough job to have a relationship and he is a great man and we are great friends. That’s it. How diplomatic can I sound?” She added: “If you are away for a year filming, you are just not physically around at points.” Happy Valley airs on BBC One on Sundays at 9pm