Prince Harry’s interview with media personality Stephen Colbert is part of the promotion for the royal’s memoir ‘Spare’. The interview on the Late Show is underwood to be the last of the royal’s tour as the book released on Tuesday. But the show kicked off with an astonishing clip showing Stephen Colbert waiting impatiently with two trumpeters dressed to look like royal officials. Harry then came around the corner and the trumpets started to play. The Duke of Sussex, 38, responded by saying: “Whoah, whoah, whoah, stop Stephen, not needed but thank you. I appreciate it. Colbert then replied: “What are you talking about? This isn’t for you, get out of the way, he’s coming!” Tom Hanks suddenly appeared and added: “I’m back” as Prince Harry throws rose petals looking amused.  Hanks and Harry were both seen drinking on Colbert’s show in clips from posted on The Late Show’s Twitter account. The Duke of Sussex was also spotted with armed bodyguards as he went to the show’s studio in New York on Monday. The interview was not recorded live in front of an audience due to “security reasons”. The Daily Mail has reported that audience members for Tuesday’s Late Show were “furious” after they were told the royal would not appear on stage that day. The Late Show usually runs for two hours and reports have stated that fans left disappointed after the show was cut short to only one hour. READ MORE: Prince Harry should lose title for ‘trashing’ royals, MPs claim An audience member told the Daily Mail: “Security issues? Really? It's not like he's Prince William or anything – he's not properly in line to the throne.” Another accused the royal of “creating their own drama for the sake of it”. They added: “If it's about your family and your safety why are you doing the interview in the first place?” One person said that the Live Show “wasn't worth waiting an hour in the cold for". There were also reports that one upset fan was heard loudly saying “f*** Prince Harry” as they left the studio. DON'T MISS: Hundreds queue up to buy Prince Harry's book [REVEAL]Queen Elizabeth gave Kate fashion advice after being 'fed up'  [INSIGHT]Prince Harry's Spare becomes fastest selling non-fiction book ever [REPORT] In a teaser for the interview, Harry alleged the media has lied about parts of his memoir, which is “very dangerous” to his family. In his book, the 38-year-old claimed he killed 25 Taliban fighters. The father-of-two has responded to accusations from critics that he has put himself or the Royal Family in danger by writing about the death toll. He said: “I think one of... the most dangerous lies that they have told is that I somehow boasted about the number of people I have killed in Afghanistan, “I would say that if I heard anybody else, anyone, boasting about that kind of thing, I would be angry. But it's a lie.” He added: “My words are not dangerous, but the spin of my words are very dangerous to my family.” Express.co.uk has approached the Duke of Sussex and Paramount+ for comment. 