Tottenham have reportedly submitted a late offer to Bayer Leverkusen for the services of Piero Hincapie as Antonio Conte looks to strengthen his defensive ranks in advance of Tuesday's all-important deadline. The north Londoners have already improved their squad this month with the temporary capture of former Everton target Arnaut Danjuma, who joined the club on loan from Villarreal earlier this week. Tottenham are still looking to make further signings before the January window slams shut, though, with Conte having been vocal in his desire for the club to remain active in the transfer market over the last few weeks. It seems as though the Italian coach may soon get his wish in the form of a late defensive addition, with Spurs having opened the bidding for Hincapie by submitting an offer in the region of around £22million.That's according to Bild, who are reporting that Tottenham are keen on bringing the Ecuador international to north London before the end of this month. Hincapie was originally linked with a move to the Premier League over the summer but ended up staying at Leverkusen, where he has since registered 20 appearances in all competitions over the course of the current campaign.However, it seems likely that Tottenham will need to increase their proposal to stand any chance of tempting Leverkusen into selling Hincapie prior to the end of the mid-season window. The German heavyweights value their man at more than twice what Spurs have already offered, according to Stefan Bienkowski, which suggests that their advances will not be entertained unless a new bid is tabled in the not-too-distant future. JUST IN: Nathan Ake explains how Man City stars reacted to Pep Guardiola's rant It remains to be seen whether Tottenham will be prepared to stump up the required amount of cash in order to land Hincapie, who is still contracted to Leverkusen until the summer of 2026 as things stand. His arrival would certainly be able to help solve Tottenham's defensive fragilities for the rest of the season, with the club having shipped the highest number of goals in the Premier League's top half since the beginning of the campaign.They were recently urged to prioritise the signing of a new central defender before the January window closes by former West Ham striker Frank McAvennie, who told Football Insider: "Everyone in football knows that defence is hopeless. [Eric] Dier is not a good centre-half. "You buy a good centre-half and that sorts so many problems out. Look at Liverpool when [Virgil] van Dijk went there, it was like it changed overnight. I think Tottenham need good centre-halves. They need to sort that defence out because they are not good enough."Strikers must fancy their chances coming up against the defence. They are not even close to winning anything because they are shipping too many goals. We will see what happens between Conte and Daniel Levy, that is a conversation I would love to hear." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.