It has now been reported, after previous reports of tension between Meghan and Kate, the Princess of Wales, that Princess Charlotte "burst into tears" when she tried her bridesmaid dress on. According to PageSix, Kate Middleton told Meghan that the little girl's dress was “too big, long and baggy". Prince Harry has reportedly stated in his upcoming memoir, that is due for release on January 10, that Kate wanted his niece's dress remade before the big day on May 19, 2018. Previous reports stated that Meghan made a heavily pregnant Kate cry, while Meghan revealed to Oprah Winfrey in March 2021 that the opposite happened, and Kate made her cry. Harry's report is the first time the incident has been spoken out about. READ MORE: Meghan Markle drove a wedge between 'three musketeers' Harry, William and Kate Although the book isn't officially out until next week, PageSix have seen an extract which details the row between Kate and Meghan. Harry reveals that the row took place one week before the wedding in May 2018. The memoir states that the dresses were hand-sewn based on measurements and, with no surprise, needed some tweaks before the big day. According to PageSix, Kate messaged Meghan about the then-three-year-old's dress. READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘mauls’ Suits co-star in sex scene Prince Harry regrets watching Harry's book claims that Kate was told to bring Charlotte along with the dress to a tailor, who would alter the dress. However, Kate reportedly said she wanted her daughter's dress remade. It was reportedly claimed that the then-Duchess of Cambridge did take Charlotte to the tailor. Harry added that Kate sent Meghan a card and some flowers to apologise for the incident, currently on from the narrative Meghan went with in the Oprah interview. DON'T MISS Harry recalls Camilla turning his bedroom into her dressing room [INSIGHT]Carol Vorderman in tears over Prince Harry sex revelation [WATCH]Harry and Meghan getting 'confused’ with timings around royal exit [LATEST] Prince Harry's book was originally scheduled for release in late 2022, although no official date was confirmed. Alongside the memoir, the world is prepareing to watch Harry sit down for not one, but two interviews this Sunday. On January 8, Harry will speak to Tom Bradby for ITV and with Anderson Cooper for NBC's 60 Minutes.