Emmerdale youngster Cathy Hope (played by Gabrielle Dowling) has been having a rough time of late, but the teenager is keeping whatever is bothering her a secret. Not only is Cathy arguing with her dad, Bob (Antony Audenshaw) but she has suffered a number of outbursts in recent weeks. The teenager ran out of the cafe in tears after Bob forced his daughter to get up on stage to sing a song. Bob brought up Cathy and her twin, Heath (Sebastian Dowling) with his wife, Viv Windsor (Deena Payne) before she died. The pair have since been bickering and during one moment, Cathy refused to call Bob, dad. Instead, she referred to him by his first name, and some fans think this could be a telling clue. While many think the teenager may be suffering from her mental health, others have come up with a wild theory that Bob is not her real dad. READ MORE: Yellowstone plot hole: Fans expose questionable Jamie and Beth scene Taking to Twitter, Jamie predicted: "Oh. Cathy just called her Dad "Bob" and he said, "Don't call me Bob." Is this a clue that maybe her storyline IS a switched at birth? #Emmerdale." (sic) However, Amy was quick to point out: "Switched at birth has been done before though." Michelle Jones penned: "Bob has no control of Cathy whatsoever." While Mike added: "Has Cathy got anxiety is that what her storyline will be that’s been rumoured? #Emmerdale." "I wonder if Cathy has schizophrenia?" Ryan Glendenning asked. Yvonne agreed: "Schizophrenia maybe Cathy is starting to suffer from." Holly claimed: "Does Cathy have Seasonal Affective Disorder? #emmerdale." In a recent interview with Express.co.uk and other press, Emmerdale's executive producer Jane Hudson opened up about Cathy's storyline. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry to face 'repercussions' if he throws more 'hand grenades' [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' newcomer Caleb's an 'undercover cop'  [REACTION]EastEnders fans 'work out' father of Lily Slater's baby in DNA twist [SPOILERS] "You get to an age with the young cast where you suddenly realise they're growing up," Jane began. "They've been off-screen for a few weeks and they appear and they're a foot taller, they're voices are deeper and you go, 'Oh my god, we need to start growing them up in the show'. "Cathy, we kept her at 15 for about three years and she eventually went, 'You do know my character is 18 now'. "And I said, 'Oh gosh, yeh, we need to grow you up'. So, you'll see a really big storyline for Cathy, Bob's daughter. "It is really emotional and it's her first big story really and it's a challenging one." "I think a lot of the parents will connect with it," she added. "And it's one I've never seen a soap do before, so Cathy has got a big one coming up." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.