 Waspi stands for Women Against State Pension Injustice, and represents around 3.8 million women born in the 1950s who were hit by moves to bring the state pension age into line with men. Campaigners say this cost them up to £50,000 in lost pension, as they were forced to work on for five or six years longer than expected. Many say they did not realise what was happening until too late and suffered massive hardship as a result. A heartbreaking number died without getting a penny, despite working and paying National Insurance contributions for decades. Waspi campaigners say they were not given adequate warning of the change, which saw their retirement age jump by five years from 60 to 65, and then 66 in 2020. Now the rest of us are going to find out how that feels, as the government plans to accelerate state pension rate hikes. The state pension age will start to increase to 67 between 2026 and 2028, then to 68. That's increase was originally expected to be phased in between 2044 and 2046, but Prime Minister Rishi Sunak may now bring that forward. The process could now begin as early as 2033. Waspi campaigner Dee Wild has been fighting on behalf of 1950s women for years after being left "damaged and devastated" by state pension age changes, and now others will suffer, too.   She told Express.co.uk that what happened to Waspi women is now happening to everybody else. “I think it’s highly pertinent that there is uproar at the moment regarding moves to add another year to the state pension age, and rightly so. “The 1950s women can tell you a thing or two about how this policy causes poverty, stress, illness and death.” Wild said Waspi women had been “screaming for six years” about state pension hikes but “nobody other than those affected batted an eye”. “We warned them if they stood by and didn’t fight for us that they would be next. We were the test and now the greed of the Treasury is once again riding roughshod over the rights of hard-working people.” Waspi women will discover in the spring whether they will get compensation. Some 18 months ago, they were celebrating what they saw as a supportive ruling by the Parliamentary & Health Service Ombudsman. It said the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) should have written individual letters to affected women 28 months before it finally sent them out, which it called “maladministration”. That finally gave them some hope, and they are stepping up their campaign as decision day looms. READ MORE: WASPI women hit out as state pension age set to be hiked  The second of a three-part Ombudsman’s investigation was recently completed, which repeated its view that the DWP was guilty of maladminstration, but added that this “did not lead to all the injustices claimed”. The Ombudsman is currently considering its third and final step, looking at what the DWP should do “to remedy the injustice found”. Waspi women are wary, with campaigner Linda Wyatt suggesting that the Ombudsman is “playing down the serious and catastrophic impact on 1950s women”. Another Waspi warrior, Liz Latham, said the impact of the state pension increase on people’s finances, health and families was "deliberately ignored” as the legislation was “forced through” without consulting those affected. The DWP has repeatedly stated the decision was made to lift the state pension age for women was made more than 25 years ago, and has since been back to both by the High Court and Court of Appeal, with the Supreme Court refusing permission to appeal. As Sunak mulls over when to hike the state pension age to 68, the rest of us will soon find out how it feels to work on and on. Waspi women say we should have heeded their warnings earlier.  