Liverpool could come under pressure from Real Madrid this year after Carlo Ancelotti reportedly added Ibrahima Konate to his transfer wishlist. Konate has been touted as Virgil van Dijk's long-term successor in the heart of the Reds' defence, but Jurgen Klopp could face a fight to keep him beyond this season. Liverpool recruited the 23-year-old in May 2021, sealing a bargain by triggering the £32million release clause in his RB Leipzig contract. He has proven that he has the makings of a world-class centre-back in the present and future, shining for club and country in recent years. Konate featured in five of France's seven games in their run to the 2022 World Cup final, showcasing his quality. And he will soon resume his formidable partnership with Virgil van Dijk after returning to the Liverpool bench for Friday's 2-1 win against Leicester City at Anfield. But it might not be long before he is offered a tempting opportunity to join Real this summer, with Ancelotti keen on adding him to his squad. According to Foot Mercato, the Italian boss is a huge admirer of Konate and has told Los Blancos chiefs to recruit him ahead of the 2023/24 season. JUST IN: Sancho accused of turning up late for training ahead of Man Utd return  The report claims one of Ancelotti's relatives has revealed that he has 'cracked' over the promising defender and wants to work with him at the Bernabeu. The 63-year-old understands that his latest tenure at Real Madrid will be the last of his illustrious career, and he wants to build a team for today and tomorrow. Eder Militao, Ferland Mendy, Aurelien Tchouameni, Rodrygo and Vinicius Jr. help make up a squad full of young talent. And Ancelotti wants to add Konate to his ranks at the end of the season, which could formulate into an approach to Liverpool. READ MORE: Dortmund 'summon' Liverpool target Jude Bellingham for showdown talks  However, the Anfield giants would be hesitant to do business for Konate, given he is only in his second campaign in England. And the Frenchman has shown signs for club and country that he can reach the levels of Van Dijk, if not eclipse them down the line. If Real were to emerge as concrete contenders to sign Konate, Liverpool's asking price would not come cheap. He is considered the future of the six-time European champions' defence. While the decision would likely be down to him, he would surely feel like there is unfinished business on Merseyside. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here