Spurs would reportedly like to sign a new forward and potentially a long-term replacement for Hugo Lloris this January in addition to top target Pedro Porro. Antonio Conte's side are yet to make any moves in the winter market but the Italian is hopeful the board will be able to deliver some reinforcements to bolster Spurs' push for Champions League football next season and silverware. Conte has already suggested he would like to keep Bryan Gil and Pape Matar Sarr at the club this month in anticipation that signings could be few and far between. However, The Evening Standard are reporting that Spurs would like three new faces through the door by the time the window slams shut at the end of the month. A right wing-back is among their priorities with Sporting defender Porro still of huge interest. Spurs have already been told to pay his £39million release clause or forget about signing the Spaniard this month. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Furthermore, a new forward would also go a long way for Conte's side, who have been struggling for depth in attack in recent weeks. Dejan Kulusevski and Richarlison remain sidelined as Gil has been handed his first real chance to breakthrough into the starting XI since arriving from Sevilla in 2021. Brighton's Leandro Trossard is one forward that could reportedly be of interest to Tottenham. A new goalkeeper is also becoming a burning issue for Spurs due to Lloris' lack of consistency between the sticks. DON'T MISSTottenham receive welcome transfer boost as top Antonio Conte target 'wants to join'Antonio Conte comments put to test as Tottenham receive Pape Matar Sarr transfer offerTottenham have unearthed their very own Mousa Dembele for agitated Antonio Conte The Frenchman recently gifted Aston Villa a goal in their 2-0 victory over Tottenham after fumbling a long-range effort. It's not the first time this season the veteran has looked shaky and Spurs are now mindful that they need to begin to think about the future. Brentford's David Raya is one name that has cropped up in recent weeks, although the Bees are unlikely to entertain a sale. Jordan Pickford is another name also believed to be of interest to the Tottenham hierarchy. The Everton goalkeeper's Goodison Park contract is due to expire in the summer of 2024 after a breakdown of talks between the club and player. Pickford had looked set to extend his stay on Merseyside before the World Cup but Everton have since failed to get his new deal over the line. Last January, Tottenham had great success in the winter market after landing Rodrigo Bentancur and Kulusevski from Juventus. Both have proven to be big hits in north London but their injury records have seen them miss a considerable amount of matches this season.