Tottenham boss Antonio Conte may end up frustrated in his pursuit of Pedro Porro with the full-back's £40million asking price 'far from what Spurs intend to offer'. Conte has given a bleak outlook on Tottenham's current state following disappointing results in recent weeks. They remain fifth in the table with a strong chance of finishing in the Champions League spots, particularly with both Liverpool and Chelsea suffering their own issues. But Conte has indicated that he'd like the club to spend money this month to help improve his squad further. The right side of defence appears to be an area the Italian is far from pleased with having not stuck with Emerson Royal or Matt Doherty as his preferred option. Summer signing Djed Spence is also yet to get a run in the team and that looks unlikely to change if Conte gets his wish. According to Spanish outlet AS, Conte has made Sporting Lisbon star Porro his No 1 target for the January window. The 21-year-old has proven his playmaking skills in Portugal this season, providing 10 assists in 17 starts across all competitions.  It's the kind of production Conte expects from his full-backs with Ivan Perisic already providing seven assists on the left flank this campaign. Emerson is the only right-sided defender to pick up a solitary assist this season and Porro has seemingly been identified as the player Conte wants to change that. But the report states that Tottenham are not willing to meet Sporting's £40m asking price. The Portuguese side are said to be persistent in not accepting a bid any lower than the full-back's release clause.  Spurs are said to be hopeful they can bring that figure down, but Sporting hold all the cards in the January transfer window. They're still competing in the Europa League and have a good chance of progressing as they face Midtjylland in the next round. And Sporting are also fighting at the top of the table, albeit currently nine points behind league leaders Benfica. The Portuguese outfit will also need to find a replacement for Porro, who has been a regular in the starting line-up this season. With little over three weeks left in the window, it leaves little time for Sporting to find someone who can fill Porro's place. Given Tottenham's stance on not being able to meet Sporting's price, Conte may have to settle for an alternative target.