Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta is eager to land Mykhaylo Mudryk this month. And, after it emerged the Gunners have agreed personal terms with the forward, it’s clear the Spaniard now has two green lights to complete a deal. A third is required, however, with the north London giants yet to agree on a fee with Shakhtar Donetsk…  Arsenal backed Arteta back in the summer with deals for the likes of Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko, who arrived from Manchester City. And Fabio Vieira, Matt Turner and Marquinhos were also recruited, with the trio arriving from Porto, New England and Sao Paulo respectively. Arsenal have been flying this season, with Arteta steering the north London giants to the top of the Premier League table. They’re currently seven points clear of Manchester City at the summit, having extended their lead with a stirring 4-2 victory over Brighton on Saturday night. But Arsenal aren’t willing to rest on their laurels as they look to win the title for the first time since 2004, back when Arsene Wenger ruled the roost. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Edu and the Gunners hierarchy have given the green light for Mudryk to arrive, with the Ukraine international seen as a generational talent within the Emirates. The 21-year-old has risen to prominence this season, bagging seven goals and clocking up seven assists from 12 league matches. And though Arsenal are well-stocked in attack, Arteta and the board feel Mudryk can bring a new dimension to their attack this winter. That Edu is willing to back Arteta, at this current point in the season, is a testament to what the Spaniard has achieved during his time in the dugout so far. And a second green light Arsenal now seem to have is with the attacker himself. It was claimed on Sunday that personal terms with the forward were already agreed, with Mudryk willing to sign a five-year contract with the club. If it wasn’t already obvious the Ukrainian wanted to move to north London before, it certainly is now. Mudryk has made a habit of showing on social media that he’s been watching Arsenal, uploading numerous images in recent times. And with the player himself sold on the idea of a move to north London, the Gunners are now just one last green light away from getting a deal done. The third, of course, will be with Shakhtar themselves - with the Ukrainian giants unwilling to sell their prized asset on the cheap. They want a fee in the region of £100million to let him go, eager to get as much money as possible to agree to an exit. And whether Arsenal cough up the cash, midway through their best season in recent memory, is something only time will tell. Former Liverpool star Jamie Carragher, meanwhile, thinks Mudryk would be an exciting signing for Arsenal if they’re able to get a deal over the line. “I think Mudryk would be a really exciting signing from what we've seen in the Champions League,” he told Sky Sports. And Carragher also admitted he’d love to see Arsenal win the title, adding: "I would love to see Arsenal win the Premier League. “It's nice to talk about different teams doing different things and for a lot of the time I've been with Sky Sports, Arsenal haven't been particularly good and I've had to be quite negative about them. “But look at the start of the season they've had: one defeat, one draw and the rest they've won - and that defeat they didn't deserve to lose. “It's good to see a different team up there, a different story. I really like what Mikel Arteta has done, I interviewed him a few weeks ago and it went really well. “I love watching his team play. They're young players, have lots of energy, it's exciting and it's fast. “When they're on TV, you want to watch them. I would love them to go on and do it.”