As the cost of living crisis continues, it is vital for some families to save as much as they can. Britons may want to check if they can qualify for free prescriptions as this could save them hundreds each year. People in England who are not exempt from prescription charges will have to pay the £9.35 per item fee - but there are 10 medical conditions that qualify for free prescriptions. People with certain medical conditions can get free NHS prescriptions. Medical exemption certificates are credit-card-size cards. They are issued to people who have these certain conditions: A person is entitled to a medical exemption certificate if they have either: READ MORE: ‘Easy way to save': Britons urged to act as new tool claims it can help save up to £1,200 At the GP's discretion, a member of the practice who has access to their medical records can also sign the form. The certificate will be valid from one month before the date the NHS Business Services Authority receives the application form. The MedEx lasts for five years and then needs to be renewed. People may receive a reminder that their certificate needs to be renewed. READ MORE: 4 side hustles that could earn you over £800 a month in 2023 If people do not receive a reminder, it's their responsibility to make sure it's renewed. There are also 15 groups of Britons are eligible for free prescriptions including people under 16, pregnant mothers and people on low incomes. Currently, over 60s are also eligible for free prescriptions although this could rise in line with the state pension age in the future if a proposal goes ahead. Those in Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland do not have to pay for their prescriptions as they are free. One thing that can help a person with multiple prescriptions is an NHS prescription prepayment certificate (PPC). Anyone who doesn't qualify for free prescriptions but is on long-term medication may be better off applying for a PPC. A PPC costs an individual £30.25 for a three-month period or £108.10 for 12 months. If a person needs two prescription medicines each month, a three-month PPC can help them save around £25 whilst the 12-month PPC would save them around £116 for the year. If a person requires four prescriptions a month then with the 12-month PPC they could make a saving of more than £340 a year. Britons can purchase a PPC on the NHS Business Services Authority’s website or at a registered pharmacy.