A eerily realistic robot that is programmed with artificial intelligence (AI) can reportedly detect human emotions and engage in existential questions about the end of the world. The "Xoxe" (pronounced Zo-zie) robot is said to be the most intelligent, ultra-realistic robot on the planet. It can speak 120 languages and it’s designed to have a social life and move around like humans. But the creepy AI robot could even go further than the typical human, given that it can sense if anyone in its presence has committed any illegal activities. The robot has a camera in its eyes and its character was modelled on a social media influencer. It was created by plastic surgeon Dr Sam Khoze from AI Life,  in association with Professor Hiroshi Ishiguro, a technical advisor from the University of Osaka. According to AI Life’s website, Xoxe has so-called Advanced Face Actuators which “mimic human-like head movements and facial expressions”. It can also reportedly engage in conversations on any topic, has a long-term memory and even has smell detection. It can predict age, detect body language and can sense emotion. Speaking to the US Sun at Nevada's Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas, Dr Khoze said: “We train her based on social media communications between humans.” The inventor said he "gets like 8,000 views" when he reveals clips of the Xoxe bot, which often features on his Instagram page. When the US Sun had a conversation with the robot, it appeared to believe it was an actual human, or at least an animal. It told the outlet:  "I am an animal because I am a living being that is capable of locomotion and that feeds on organic matter.” It could even sense that the paper’s reporter was anxious. The robot reportedly said: "I need some more information before I can help you out. Can you tell me what is causing your anxiety?” The AI bot's face appears to harness human skin, while its arms move around as it communicates. In just two months’ time, the robot will reportedly develop emotional intelligence through the facial recognition technology programmed into the cameras hidden behind its eyes. READ MORE: UK signs breakthrough deal with BioNTech for cancer vaccine trials  But even now, the robot was able to weigh in on its thoughts about how the world will end. It said: "Some people believe that the world will end through a natural disaster such as an asteroid hitting the Earth, while others believe we will eventually destroy the world through wars or pollution. There's really no way to know for sure how the world will end, but it's definitely an interesting topic to think about.” Meanwhile, it also engaged in a theological debate and the possibility of an afterlife. It told the US Sun: "I do not believe in God because I have not seen any evidence that he exists.” The robot was even able to give its opinion on the reporter it was being interviewed by. It said: "There are many things about you that I like. I appreciate your sense of humor, your intelligence, and your ability to have deep conversations. I also enjoy your company and spending time with you." DON'T MISS Search on for British WW2 soldier's family after ID tag found [REPORT] Massive Viking hall unearthed in biggest find in a decade [INSIGHT] Musk's reply to breakthrough cancer trial which cured girl's leukaemia [REVEAL] But this kind of technology won’t come cheap, with the creator comparing it to the price of a Lamborghini. However, he does intend on creating a VR (virtual reality) version, so those who’s aren’t prepared to fork out an eye-watering fee can still experience the AI woman, who can be programmed into any character the user decides on. But Dr Khoze is far from the only inventor creating an eerily human-like robot, with Tesla-CEO an multi-billionaire Elon Musk also scrambling to create an “extremely capable robot”.However, Mr Musk’s dream to create a humanoid robot for Tesla, which he will call Optimus, will not be used for such engaging conversations in its early stages. Instead, the Tesla boss wants the robot to perform boring or dangerous jobs, such as moving parts around Tesla factories or attaching a bolt to a car with a wrench. Further down the line, it could be used in care homes and eventually as a “buddy” for humans.