Americans are growing tired of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's victim narrative, a royal commentator has said. GB News's royal correspondent Cameron Walker told the Daily Express's Royal Round Up podcast the public believe they have "heard it all before" in a discussion about what the Duke's new book might include. The memoir comes after a series of claims were made in the Sussexes' Netflix documentary series Harry & Meghan. Recent polling by the Daily Express shows 89.6 percent of respondents would not read the book while 10.4 percent would. People were asked whether they will read the memoir when it is officially released. Asked if the polling reflected a feeling among the public that they have heard it all before, Mr Walker said: "Possibly, perhaps - the British public in particular, but also to some extent the United States, are growing weary of this narrative that 'I'm the victim and my life is terrible', living in a $10million mansion in Montecito, California. "We've seen a number of photos saying the book's on half price sale already and it's not even out yet. Clearly, the publishers have paid Prince Harry millions of dollars for a book deal. We'll just have to wait and see whether they make a profit. "It's too early to jump to conclusions people are not going to read the book. When the first sales figures come out, that's when we can truly judge if the book has been a success and whether people are genuinely interested in what Prince Harry has to say." The book's publisher, Penguin Random House, has hailed the "intimate and heartfelt" work as offering an "honest and captivating" personal portrait ahead of its release. Harry has vowed to present an "accurate and wholly truthful" account of his life within the book. READ ABOUT GARY LINEKER REUNITING WITH HIS EX-WIFE OVER CHRISTMAS Proceeds from the sale of Spare will go towards British charities, according to a website dedicated to the book. Before it officially goes on sale, Harry will appear on ITV on Sunday in an interview with presenter Tom Bradby. In a trailer for the programme, which airs on Sunday, Harry tells the News at Ten anchor that he wants his father and brother back. The Duke also criticises Buckingham Palace over an alleged failure to protect him and his wife before they stepped back from their duties as senior royals in a separate interview with CBS's Anderson Cooper. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'chose to leave in huff' [REPORT] 'Deeply upset' Mandela's granddaughter blasts Meghan and Harry [REVEALED] Prince Harry and Meghan 'hurt' as new Netflix show flops [LATEST] Harry also reveals to the US broadcaster that he would not return as a full-time royal. In a series of clips from the Duke's ITV interview, Harry tells presenter Mr Bradby "it never needed to be this way". He also refers to "leaking and... planting" before adding: "I want a family, not an institution". He also says "they feel as though it is better to keep us somehow as the villains" and "have shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile", although it is unclear who he is referring to. Filmed in California, ITV said Harry: The Interview will go into "unprecedented depth and detail" about his life in and outside the Royal Family. Mr Bradby, a former royal correspondent, is a friend of the Sussexes and previously interviewed them for a documentary about their 2019 Africa tour. He famously asked Meghan about her mental health during that interview. Meanwhile, Harry tells CBS's Anderson Cooper of the "betrayal" by Buckingham Palace while speaking on the 60 Minutes programme. In a one-minute extract, Harry says: "Every single time I've tried to do it privately, there have been briefings and leakings and planting of stories against me and my wife. "The family motto is 'never complain, never explain', but it's just a motto. "They (Buckingham Palace) will feed or have a conversation with a correspondent, and that correspondent will literally be spoon-fed information and write the story, and at the bottom of it, they will say they have reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment. But the whole story is Buckingham Palace commenting. "So when we're being told for the last six years, 'we can't put a statement out to protect you', but you do it for other members of the family, there becomes a point when silence is betrayal." In another, brief clip released later on Monday, when asked whether he could see himself returning as a full-time member of the royal family, Harry said: "No". CBS has described the full interview as "revealing" and Harry's book as "explosive". Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for the Sussexes.