The Australian Open provides the first chance of 2023 for tennis stars to earn themselves a coveted major title. World No 2 and record holder 22-time Grand Slam winner Rafael Nadal will return to defend the Grand Slam crown he won last year.  The time difference between Melbourne and the UK is 11 hours meaning that most of the morning sessions will take place during the British night time. Eurosport will show the tournament in the UK with its streaming arm Discovery Plus showing uninterrupted coverage of the tournament. Action will get underway about midnight in the UK with the evening sessions starting around 8am. Discovery+ subscription costs £6.99 per month or £59.99 for the year. That will allow you to watch the Australian Open on all your devices ad-free as well as having access to the Eurosport TV channels. Play is set to get underway on Monday morning with first round matches in the men's and women's draw. Nine-time tournament champion Novak Djokovic will return to Melbourne Park just a year after being deported following a lengthy saga over his visa and Covid non-vaccination status. READ MORE: Novak Djokovic's Australian Open draw: No Nadal or Medvedev but injury concerns remain   The 21-time Grand Slam champion has been given a kind draw - avoiding most of his rivals in the early stages of the competition and will face Spaniard Roberto Carballes Baena in the first round. In the opposite side of the draw Nadal, Daniil Medvedev, Stefanos Tsitsipas and Felix Auger-Aliassime could all meet as the tournament progresses. Casper Ruud and Taylor Fritz are the highest-ranked opponents in Djokovic's side of the draw. However, the Serbian did suffer a hamstring problem during practice and could face controversial Australian Nick Kyrgios at the quarter-final stage if both players progress. DON'T MISS:Stan Wawrinka backs fans to boo Novak Djokovic as Andy Murray also weighs inNick Kyrgios preparing to make big sacrifice as Aussie eyes home Grand Slam titleNaomi Osaka's Australian Open withdrawal explained as star reveals she is pregnant  Andy Murray hasn't won a Grand Slam title since 2016 and will begin his tournament with a difficult match against Italian No 13 seed Matteo Berrettini. Fellow Brit Emma Raducanu faces a race against time to be fit enough to compete at the tournament after injuring her ankle during the ASB Classic last week. The former US Open winner says she will make a decision on her participation in the tournament at the last minute. If Raducanu does compete she has a first round draw against Germany's Tamara Korpatsch. 