Prince Harry has been branded "the worst British export to the United States in over 200 years" as fury continues to explode over his bombshell claims against the Royal Family. In Spring 2020 the Duke of Sussex, along with his wife Meghan Markle, announced they were stepping back from their royal duties in what famously became known as 'Megxit'. The couple now live in Montecito, California with their two young children Archie and Lilibet. But Harry's memoir, Spare, as well as a series of interviews he conducted in the lead-up to its global release last Tuesday, saw him make a series of claims against the Firm. This led to a furious backlash against the Duke from many, with a Washington-based Royal Family enthusiast launching a strongly-worded attack against him. Nile Gardiner, a foreign policy expert, tweeted: "Prince Harry is the worst British export to the United States in over 200 years. If he ever gets deported from America, hopefully it will be to Canada and not back to the UK." In a separate tweet, he also added: "The best response for the King/Royal Family is to completely cut Meghan/Harry off. "Deny them any association with British Monarchy, have them stripped of their titles, and ensure they are isolated voices in exile in California. The US will increasingly lose interest in them too." In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Mr Gardiner warned the US is already turning against the Duke of Sussex, with Americans now increasingly seeing him as a "negative and whining character". He told this website: "There has been a significant amount of interest in the US from what Harry has said but not as much that perhaps was anticipated. "While the passing of the Queen dominated the US news networks for about two weeks, Harry's book and his relentless attacks against the Royal Family have received limited coverage. READ MORE:Meghan and Harry 'not welcome' at Los Angeles BAFTA party in new snub  "Harry isn't a popular figure in America, and nor is Meghan Markle. The Queen was massively popular in the US so he is increasingly seen as a negative and whining character in the US. The American public is starting to turn against both Harry and Meghan." He added: "They are now seen as endlessly whining Hollywood-style celebrities. Most Americans see through them for what they are. Harry was once a very popular figure in America but now he has a narrow band of supporters among the liberal elites." Meghan Markle has also been warned her US political ambitions could be under serious threat, with even some of her closest allies starting to turn against her. Mr Gardiner claimed the couple's Netflix documentary series - which premiered last month - was a "big mistake" as many on the left have grown tired of the "endless celebrity whining" from the Duchess of Sussex. DON'T MISSPrince Harry’s memoir made Royal Family ‘stronger and more respected’ [LATEST]Meghan's gesture 'totally goes against what she's saying' says expert [COMMENTS]Invite William for a pint Harry and bring this war to an end [OPINION] He said: "Meghan is very unpopular with the US conservatives, but there is a liberal elite that is in power right now with the Biden presidency that still like her. "However at the same time, the recent Netflix documentary series received quite a lot of criticism in the US media, not just from the conservatives, but also among liberals as well, who felt this was an endlessly-whining exercise. "Meghan is now losing support on the left as well and that is dangerous for her because that is her key support base. The Netflix documentary series was a big mistake from Meghan so she has lost some ground with the left in the US who have grown tired of her endless celebrity whining." In his book, Harry claims he and William "begged" King Charles not to marry the Camilla, while alleging the no-Queen Consort "sacrificed" him to improve her public image and leaked details of a conversation with his older brother. But during a bombshell interview with US show CBS's 60 Minutes, Harry launched into his fiercest criticism yet of his stepmother of more than 17 years. He told interviewer Anderson Cooper: "She was the villain, she was a third person in the marriage, she needed to rehabilitate her image. "The need for her to rehabilitate her image...that made her dangerous because of the connections that she was forging within the British press. "And there was open willingness on both sides to trade information and with a family built on hierarchy, and with her on the way to being Queen Consort, there was going to be people or bodies left in the street because of that." During an interview with ABC's Good Morning America, Harry claimed the Queen Consort "sacrificed me on her personal PR altar". In his book, Harry alleges William physically attacked him during a heated argument in 2019 about wife Meghan Markle, before his older sibling returned a short while later and apologised. Harry claims Meghan upset Kate by saying she must have "baby brain" in the days leading up to his wedding to Meghan in 2018, adding the Princess of Wales demanded an apology and William pointed a finger at Meghan and called her "rude". The Duke also writes about the infamous fight between Meghan and Kate during a bridesmaids' dress fitting for Princess Charlotte, claiming he found his wife "on the floor" in tears after the fallout. Buckingham Palace has not commented on any of the claims made by Harry.