Vladimir Putin has defended the invasion of Ukraine in a speech delivered during a war memorial event in St Petersburg on Wednesday. During the rare public appearance, the Russian leader vowed to bring an end to the longing-running conflict in eastern Ukraine. He chose to deliver the statement in his home city on the 80th anniversary of the breaking of the siege of St Petersburg, then Leningrad, during World War 2. Putin laid a wreath at the city's Piskaryov memorial cemetery, where 420,000 civilian victims of the siege and 70,000 Soviet soldiers were buried. He also put flowers in a section where his brother, who died as a child during the siege, was buried in a mass grave. Addressing gathered veterans, Putin said: "Large-scale combat operations involving heavy weapons, artillery, tanks and aircraft haven’t stopped in Donbas since 2014. READ MORE: Ukraine First Lady wipes tears after children killed near nursery  "All that we are doing today as part of the special military operation is an attempt to stop this war. This is the meaning of our operation — protecting people who live on those territories." Putin also visited a defence factory in St Petersburg, where he promised workers more social benefits and draft deferments. He said: "In terms of achieving the end result and the victory that is inevitable, there are several things ... It is the unity and cohesion of the Russian and multinational Russian people, the courage and heroism of our fighters ... and of course the work of the military-industrial complex and factories like yours and people like you. "Victory is assured, I have no doubt about it." He described Ukraine’s east as Russia’s "historic territories," adding that Moscow conceded their loss after the 1991 collapse of the Soviet Union but had to act to protect Russian speakers there. Putin has explained his decision to send troops into Ukraine on February 24 by citing a need to protect Russian speakers, as well as to pursue the "demilitarization" and "denazification" of Ukraine to prevent the neighboring country from posing a threat to Russia. Ukraine and its Western allies have rejected the rationale as a cover for an unprovoked act of aggression. He attended the meeting with veterans during a visit to St Petersburg for the 80th anniversary of the Red Army breaking the Nazi siege there on January 18, 1943. The blockade of the city, which was then called Leningrad, lasted nearly 900 days and was only fully lifted in January 1944, marking one of the bloodiest pages of World War II. About 1 million people died in Leningrad during the siege, most of them from starvation. DON'T MISS: Ukraine’s NATO membership is ‘appropriate outcome’ [REVEAL]Zelensky's aide quits over claim ‘deflected’ missile hit Dnipro flats [INSIGHT]Ukraine MP warns Putin could start 'new offensive' or seize east [ANALYSIS It comes as, the daughter of Putin's arch-nemesis, Alexey Navalny, uploaded a stinging protest video on social media calling on Russians to reject Putin's war on Ukraine. "In all his court speeches, in all the letters he has managed to get he has said and wrote that the war Putin had unleashed is criminal and must be stopped immediately." The message was posted with a plea by Dasha for Russians to join the campaign to free her father, "Join now! Say no to war! Free Alexey Navalny!" 