Chelsea are unlikely to re-enter negotiations for Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo after Arsenal had a £70million bid turned down by the Seagulls. The Blues have been actively looking to bolster Graham Potter’s squad this month, as Mykhaylo Mudryk, Noni Madueke, Joao Felix, Benoit Badiashile, Andrey Santos and David Datro Fofana all joined in January but a midfielder remains the current priority. Chelsea did test the waters with Brighton and offered £55m for Caicedo, who later made a public transfer plea on social media and called for his club to let him leave this month. Arsenal have also had two offers turned down swiftly in recent days, while the west Londoners remain lurking in the shadows. However, Potter's outfit currently have other transfers in mind. Chelsea are hoping to wrap up a deal for Benfica’s Enzo Fernandez before the window closes, as they could be forced to pay his £105m release clause, having resumed negotiations with Benfica as they walked away from talks earlier in the window. The Portuguese side have been adamant that Fernandez will only leave if his release clause is triggered, though Chelsea are reportedly willing to offer the fee in instalments. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano has claimed that the Blues are only focused on Fernandez, shutting down talk that they could bid once again for Caicedo. “Chelsea are fully focused on Enzo now, not on Caicedo after £55m bid turned down ten days ago,” Romano wrote for CaughtOffside. “Chelsea and Benfica are speaking again now for Enzo Fernandez, Chelsea are prepared to pay €120m fee but final decision is up to Rui Costa who insists to keep the player. Chelsea will push in the next hours, again and again.” It is also unlikely that Arsenal will return with a third bid for Caicedo, as the Ecuadorian may not get his wish to leave Brighton this month. Though if Chelsea cannot come to an agreement with Benfica regarding Fernandez and remain reluctant to pay his release clause, there is a chance that they could attempt to sign Caicedo as part of a Plan B. DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart Brighton boss Roberto De Zerbi admitted that while he would like to keep the 21-year-old, he is prepared to go without him if a move does materialise. “I would like that he can finish the season with us but we are ready to go forward without him,” De Zerbi said after Sunday’s 2-1 win over Liverpool in the FA Cup. “I can understand him because when you are 21, and you receive the request of a big, big team that are playing in Europe. I can understand... Caicedo is a very, very good guy. I was surprised (by his statement) but I can understand where it started. I don't know if you understand, but Moises is a good guy.”