Prince Harry has responded to criticism from the British public about his memoir ‘Spare’, which is set to release on Tuesday. Journalist Tom Bradby asked the royal his thoughts on people who believe the Duke of Sussex should “stop talking” and “shut up” about speaking out against the Royal Family.  Interviewer Tom Brady told Prince Harry that “there are a lot of people in Britain who support you, [and] there are a lot of people in Britain” who are annoyed with you. The broadcaster continued: “[They] wish you would shut up and stop talking about it and leave it.” In response, Prince Harry asked: "Stop talking about what?" Tom Brady responded: "The issues that you’ve raised during the course of this interview. “You know, not talk about your family, not talk about the press, not talk about all these things and I think there are some people in the middle who are listening but kind of think: 'He does seem to spend a lot of time looking back, not looking forward'.”      Tom Brady also pointed out that Prince Harry wanted to leave the Royal Family to “start a new life” and asked the royal if there was “a danger that you’re looking back too much”. He also added: “Do you worry about yourself?” Prince Harry answered: "We always knew that these two projects, both the Netflix documentary and the book, one being our story and one very much being my story. “They were look back projects, they were necessary, they were essential.” READ MORE: Dan Wootton slams Prince Harry ‘interview’ claiming royal ‘chose BFF'    Prince Harry said he was speaking out for “historical facts and significance”. He said: “I didn't want my kids or other people of that age growing up thinking 'oh wow, this is what happened'. No, that's not what happened, this is what happened. There are two sides to every story." The Duke of Sussex also revealed his feelings on speaking so publicly about his life, describing it as a “painful process”. He said: “Going back over old ground to be able to get these projects right has taken a lot of energy. “There's a lot of relief now, that both these projects are complete, and now we can focus on looking forward. "I'm excited about that, so no I'm not stuck in the past, and I never will be stuck in the past. I have made peace with a lot of what's happened, but I am still waiting patiently waiting for accountability." DON'T MISS: Duke set for explosive 60 Minutes with Anderson Cooper [INSIGHT]Harry claims William argued about wedding beard for A WEEK [REVEAL]Prince Harry swipes at ITV just minutes into interview with Tom Bradby [REPORT] Prince Harry’s ITV interview comes at a time nearly half of the British public believes the Duke of Sussex should lose his royal titles. A YouGov survey that was commissioned by The Times newspaper found that 44 percent of participants said Prince Harry should lose his titles, while 32 percent believed he should be allowed to keep them.   A total of 44 percent of people also said they felt more sympathy for Prince William and Kate Middleton. The poll came after Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s Netflix series, which aired in December, and 23 percent of those surveyed said the documentary made them think less of the couple, while seven percent said it made them think better of them. Prince Harry’s new memoir, ‘Spare’ is set to be released this Tuesday on January 10, and is expected to be a recount of the royal’s entire life, which journalist Tom Brady has said has been a “jaw-dropping” read. 