The Vivienne opened the show with a stunning performance to Cher's hit song Strong Enough. The Drag Race UK star wowed the judging panel and received a respectable score for her first Dancing on Ice performance. However, The Vivienne's dazzling outfit left fans divided and many were quick to point out it was similar to Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu's, which sparked over 100 Ofcom complaints last week. The Vivienne made show history as she is the first drag queen to take part in the ITV competition. The judges also praised the reality star, with Christopher Dean telling her "a star was born on the ice tonight". "To be fair our very own diva on ice, but I have to say we've had a few divas, but you're our best skating diva. "I love the strength you had out there, so solid." READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan Despite the feedback and praise, some fans defended Ekin-Su's outfit, pointing out it was very similar to her The Vivienne's. Becka Fletcher wrote on Twitter: "Skating was solid and love the look but if Ekin-Su got complaints last week for her outfit I'm sure there will be a few complaints about Vivian's #dancingonice #DOI." (sic) Bernice questioned: "#dancingonice I wonder if there will be any complaints about the outfit this week. I thought the Vivienne looked amazing." (sic) Emma pointed out: "People were moaning about Ekin’s outfit last week, Vivienne basically has the same on #DancingOnIce." Denizze fumed: "#DancingOnIce EkinSu and Vivienne had the same identical costume but in different colours but she was s**t shamed on media." (sic) They went on to add: "Make it make sense." "Yup speaking facts!! The double standards is insane! I think both did amazing and looked amazing! DOI do better!! #dancingonice," user @Sweetrk2020 agreed. "I loved The Vivienne!! She wore less than Ekin-Su, so will the moaners complain about her costume? I guess if they don’t - is that double standards - or just because she looked better??!! #Dancingonice," Jenny Pepper asked. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive [SPOILERS]Dancing on Ice's John Fashanu dealt blow hours before live show [INSIGHT]ITV backlash as fans slam 'painful' John Bishop Show [REACTION] While Craig Coates added: "Well how many snowflakes going to be winging about Viv's outfit. They were out in force last weekend to that lass from Love Island." (sic) Fans were thrilled to see The Vivienne on the ice, with Erin Zammitt commenting: "The Vivienne on #DancingOnIce is everything and more!! Making history, with really great skating as well." "I love Vivienne SO much #dancingonice," Sophie praised. The Vivienne narrowly missed out on landing in the skate-off against Ekin-Su.  However, in the end, John Fashanu received the lowest amount of votes and had to perform again. After taking to the ice one more, the judges unanimously voted to save Ekin-Su, meaning John's journey came to an end. The Love Island star looked relieved as she mouthed "thank you" to the judging panel. Dancing on Ice returns on Sunday at 6.30pm on ITV.