Arsenal midfielder Thomas Partey has not suffered a serious rib injury, according to new reports. It is claimed the Ghana star is expected to be fit to play Everton next weekend after suffering a scare on Friday night. Partey was taken off at half-time of Arsenal's FA Cup fourth-round loss at Manchester City. After the match, manager Mikel Arteta said he was not prepared to take any risks over the former Atletico Madrid ace, who was set to undergo an MRI scan this weekend. Arteta said: "Yeah, he felt something and we didn’t want to take any risks, so he could not continue. He had some discomfort and it was getting worse and worse. He could not continue. "He wasn’t comfortable to continue. Tomorrow or the day after we’ll have to have an MRI scan and see what he has." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  However, The Sun claims initial checks have shown the injury to not be a serious one. It is said Partey is likely to be fit for the trip to Goodison Park next weekend. The news will be of a huge relief to Arteta and Arsenal supporters. Partey has been a massive part of the Gunners' performances this season. Their only Premier League loss came against Manchester United at Old Trafford when Partey was out injured. Mohamed Elneny is also currently absent through a knee problem which reportedly could keep him out for a sustained period. Elneny would be the direct replacement for Partey, so the duo both being absent would be a major blow to Arsenal's title hopes. As it is, Partey looks set to be okay to sit in the heart of the midfield on Merseyside next Saturday. DON'T MISSThree players who Ten Hag could sign for Man Utd before deadlineKlopp and Guardiola agreed on Saint-Maximin as Newcastle star looks to quit£24m double exit, third loan signing - Man Utd's dream end to January  Arsenal are in the market for a midfielder following the injury to Elneny. Brighton's Moises Caicedo is now their top target ahead of Tuesday's transfer deadline. Arsenal are set to return with a second offer after their opening bid of £60million was turned down on Friday. Caicedo has publicly asked Brighton to let him leave but the Seagulls are determined he is not for sale this month. Brighton have told Caicedo not to return to the club's training ground until the window has shut on Wednesday. He will therefore miss the FA Cup tie against Liverpool at the Amex on Sunday. Arsenal are also interested in signing West Ham captain Declan Rice. However, that deal would not happen until the summer. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 