While interest rates on savings accounts appear to have plateaued, easy access cash ISAs are still offering savers notably higher rates. However, amid continued financial uncertainty, it’s important people keep an eye on the market to ensure they’re investing in the accounts offering the best returns. Commenting on the market, Rachel Springall, finance expert at Moneyfacts, said: “The savings market appears to have entered a period of stability, a notable contrast from recent months of volatility. The average one-year fixed bond rate remained unchanged for the first time in a year (January 2022) and the average shelf life of fixed accounts overall rose by two days to 29 days.” However, she said that during the same period, “all average variable rates rose, which includes variable rate cash ISAs”, which reflects the “change in attitude” among providers in the aftermath of the interest rate uncertainties across the last quarter of 2022. Ms Springall said that against an even higher Bank of England Base Rate introduced in December 2022 (3.5 percent), it was “inevitable” a drop in the proportion of savings accounts paying above Base Rate (ABR). But, Ms Springall noted: “The consecutive rises to the Base Rate should spur savers to check their existing savings accounts, particularly as challenger banks and building societies offer some of the best rates on flexible accounts. As the cost of living crisis persists, savers may need to dip into their pots, so easy access and notice accounts could be the most suitable option that offers flexibility.”  READ MORE: UK's 'most viewed' Isas pay 5pc a year to beat every savings account  Cash ISAs are a popular type of savings account amongst Britons, as they come with additional perks and benefits. These accounts allow savers’ money to grow without having to pay tax on the interest above the Personal Savings Allowance (PSA), and they typically offer higher returns than other savings accounts. Generally, ISAs prohibit early withdrawals but with an easy access account, savers are usually afforded instant access to their cash with minimal restrictions. Some accounts are currently offering better rates than others. Money comparison site Moneyfacts has pulled together the top 10 easy access ISAs available right now.  DON'T MISS:Three in five Brits worry they won't have enough money for the year [ANALYSIS]Virgin Money offers market-leading interest rate on fixed cash ISA [INSIGHT]Save over £800 on your gas bill by adding DIY ‘barrier’ to home [EXPLAINED]    Ranking top of the list of easy access ISAs with the highest interest rate is Virgin Money’s Easy Access Cash ISA Exclusive (Issue 2) with an AER of three percent. This account can be opened with a minimum deposit of £1 and interest is calculated daily and paid into the account on the last working day in December each year. The account is available to current account customers and, as this is a flexible ISA, savers can withdraw funds without notice or penalty. Placing second on the list is Yorkshire Building Society’s Internet Saver ISA Plus (Issue 10) with an AER of 2.75 percent. The account can be opened with a minimum deposit of £1 and interest is calculated daily on cleared balances and paid annually on March 31. Unlimited instant withdrawals are permitted, subject to YBS daily withdrawal limits, without loss of interest.  READ MORE: 'I'm a cabin crew manager and I have saved £139.68 on my phone bill'  Third on the list is Cynergy Bank’s Online ISA (Issue 28) with an AER of 2.65 percent.  This account can be opened with a minimum deposit of £1 and interest is calculated daily on the cleared balance and paid annually on the last working day of March. Unlimited withdrawals are permitted without notice, penalty or fees, however, this is not a Flexible ISA. This means that any money withdrawn cannot be replaced without counting towards the person’s annual subscription limit. Placing fourth is Harpenden BS’ Triple Access Cash ISA with an AER of 2.6 percent. This account can be opened with a minimum deposit of £1 and interest is calculated on a daily basis and added to the account annually on December 31 - depending on how many withdrawals are made. To earn the higher 2.6 percent interest rate, account holders can withdraw funds up to three times a year. However, if four or more withdrawals are made, interest will drop to 1.6 percent per calendar year. Fifth on the list is Loughborough BS’ Access x3 Cash ISA with an AER of 2.55 percent. A minimum deposit of £10 is required to open the account and interest is calculated daily and paid annually on April 5. ISA Transfers are accepted and instant access withdrawals are permitted up to three times per tax year. This includes partial balance transfers to another provider. Yorkshire Building Society’s Access Saver ISA Plus (Issue 8) places sixth with an AER of 2.55 percent. A minimum deposit of £1 is required to open the account and interest is calculated daily and applied annually on March 31. Unlimited instant withdrawals are also permitted for this account but similar to the Internet Saver ISA Plus (Issue 10), these will be subject to YBS’ daily withdrawal limits. Placing seventh is Shawbrook Bank’s Easy Access Cash ISA (Issue 21) with an AER of 2.51 percent. This account can be opened with a minimum deposit of £1,000 and interest is calculated daily and applied on the anniversary of the account opening. Withdrawals from this account can be made online at any time without notice and there are no limitations on the number of withdrawals people can make. However, this is not a flexible ISA and savers may not be able to re-deposit withdrawn funds if the re-deposit amount takes them above the maximum annual Cash ISA subscription limit of the tax year. Nationwide BS’ One Year Triple Access Online ISA 14 places eighth with an AER of 2.5 percent. This account requires a minimum deposit of £1 to open and interest is paid on the anniversary of the account opening, depending on how many withdrawals are made.  Savers will receive the full 2.5 rate of interest if under three withdrawals are made in a 12-month term, but the rate will drop to 0.75 percent if four or more are carried out. Placing ninth is Charter Savings Bank’s Easy Access Cash ISA (Issue 32) with an AER of 2.5 percent. A minimum deposit of £5,000 is required to open the account and interest is paid annually on the anniversary. Unlimited withdrawals without notice are also permitted, as well as partial or full transfers out to another ISA provider. Finally, listing tenth is Newbury BS’ Easy Access Cash ISA, also with an AER of 2.5 percent. A minimum deposit of £50 is required to open the account and interest is calculated daily and paid annually on October 31 or upon closure. This account is a flexible ISA and withdrawals can also be made without penalty. Savers can also make full or partial transfers out to other ISA providers with this account, subject to HMRC rules. 