Jurgen Klopp must make changes to his Liverpool side following their 3-1 defeat at the hands of Brentford earlier this week. The Reds take on Wolves this Saturday, in what will be seen as a ‘must win’ if they are to finish in the top four this season. Liverpool will be without Virgil van Dijk for the clash after he sustained a hamstring injury on Monday night that saw him replaced at half-time. Reports have emerged that the problem is more significant than previously anticipated, with the January transfer window giving the club the chance to sign a replacement if required. Though Joel Matip coming in for Van Dijk is not the only change that Klopp must make. Express Sport takes a look at three other options that the former Borussia Dortmund must consider to avoid his side dropping further away from the top four. Oxlade-Chamberlain in midfield Despite his contract expiring at the end of the season and his days at Anfield appearing numbered, Klopp has turned to Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain recently in hope of getting his career back on track – and he repaid the faith of his manager with a goal against Brentford. However, the ex-England international could be dropped deeper against Wolves to provide some stability in the centre of the park. Liverpool’s midfield has been an ever-present issue this season, and Harvey Elliott’s desire to push forward has caused them several issues. The 19-year-old has played on the wing previously, where Oxlade-Chamberlain is currently deployed, and pushing him forward could provide Liverpool’s defence with some much-needed cover. Midfield reshuffle Wolves’ strongest department is certainly midfield, with Portuguese trio Matheus Nunes, Ruben Neves and Joao Moutinho all capable of playing for a side in the top half. Thus, Liverpool must be at their best with their limited resources if they aren’t to be overrun in the centre of the park. Bringing Naby Keita or Stefan Bajcetic into the fold instead of Elliott could provide balance and prevent Fabinho from being outnumbered when his teammates push on. Liverpool have thrived when Trent Alexander-Arnold and Andrew Robertson have pushed forward knowing there is apt cover for them in defence, and Klopp must find that winning formula amongst his current ranks. Return to 4-2-3-1 Klopp has moved away from his tried and tested 4-3-3 on several occasions this season, with mixed success. However, now that Cody Gakpo is available, a move to 4-2-3-1 could best utilise his attacking ranks. A two-man midfield of Fabinho and Thiago should be able to hold down the fort for the Reds at Anfield, with Roberto Firmino returning to the starting eleven in the No 10 role to make use of his willingness to drop deep. Wingers Gakpo and Mohamed Salah would then be able to drift inside to link up with team-mates and influence the play, without overcrowding central areas and leaving the wings vacant.