Prince Harry has claimed he is trying to "save" his family from "themselves" with his new bombshell memoir Spare that contained a series of damaging revelations about his family. The Duke of Sussex is currently on a media tour promoting his new book that has received criticism worldwide. But in an interview with the Telegraph, Harry claims he released the book to "save" his family from "themselves". He said: "This is not about trying to collapse the monarchy, this is about trying to save them from themselves. And I know that I will get crucified by numerous people for saying that. "I feel like this is my life’s mission, to right the wrongs of the very thing that drove us out. "Because it took my mum, it took Caroline Flack, who was my girlfriend, and it nearly took my wife. And if that isn’t a good enough reason to use the pain and turn it into purpose, I don’t know what it is." The book contains a series of revelations about members of his family, including Prince William whom he claims physically assaulted him during an altercation. While King Charles got off fairly lightly, Camilla, Queen Consort, was accused of "selling information to the press" about her first meeting with William. Harry also revealed how he begged his father "not to marry" Camilla after his mother's death. During the interview, Harry continued: "The press will tell on themselves and the family will tell on themselves as well. You look back on the history of how many members of my family have shouted at staff, [and] that is apparently all forgotten about and Meghan’s the bully. It’s like, what? No, no, no. The members of this family that are literally brought up within this construct, have some issues to deal with." READ MORE: 'Harry dealt with Diana's death by taking hallucinogenic drugs' Harry also went on to claim that he is trying to help William and Kate's three children - George, Charlotte and Louis - as he said "at least one will end up like me". Harry appears to believe he can "fix" things for his niece and nephews, although he admitted the Prince of Wales has made it "very clear" the children are "not my responsibility". Harry said: “As I know full well, within my family, if it’s not us, it’s going to be someone else.   In an expansive conversation with the newspaper from his Montecito home the Duke discusses his feelings for the press and their relationship with the Royal Family, which he says he is trying to "save from themselves".  