Once someone reaches the state pension age, they are able to get paid a certain amount for their retirement. As it stands, residents in the UK get these payments once they turn 66 but this threshold is going up over time under a series of changes. Experts are sounding the alarm that some people may need to wait until they turn 70 to get their state pension. The Government has already confirmed plans to hike the age threshold for receiving payments in the next couple of years. From 2028, someone will become a state pensioner once they reach 67 years of age under current proposals for those born on or after April 1960. Furthermore, there will be a gradual increase to 68 between 2044 and 2046 for anyone born on or after April 1977. It should be noted that any alterations to the state pension are dependent on life expectancy data so could be changed. READ MORE: Pension triple lock ‘needs reform’ for ‘means-tested’ payments Under the Pensions Act 2014, the Government is legally obligated to review the state pension age on a regular basis. In the Government’s first review in 2017, it was found that the next review should debate whether the rise to age 68 could be brought forward to 2037-39. According to the law, the next review of the state pension age must take place in early 2023 and be published by May 7, 2023. Despite these consecutive hikes in age, recent statistics show that life expectancy improvements in the UK have stalled. Life expectancy at birth in the UK in 2018 to 2020 was 79 years for males and 82.9 years for females, which is a slight drop of seven weeks for men and nearly no change for women. This revelation is resulting in some experts calling for further increases to be scaled back to accommodate the lack of improvement in life expectancy. The International Longevity Centre believes the state pension age would need to be raised to 68 by 2034, 69 by 2038 and 70 by 2042 if the current UK population is maintained and reaches retirement. Tom Selby, head of retirement policy at AJ Bell, broke down his concerns over future age increases and how successful they will be. READ MORE: Waspi women wait for compensation verdict as 'cruel' rumours fly He explained: “The review will determine when future retirees can expect to receive their state pension. “Recent data suggests life expectancy improvements have stalled, which some will argue means state pension age increases should be scaled back – or even cancelled altogether. “But those downward shifts in life expectancy projections, in part a result of the pandemic, come after decades of rapidly rising longevity. “During that period, the state pension age of women has risen by six years – mostly to make it equal with the men’s state pension age – while for men it has risen by just one year.” The finance expert outlined why young Britons should get ready for a future where they do not get state pension payments until they hit 70. Mr Selby said: “In reality, younger savers need to prepare for a world where the state provides less of their retirement income than it has done historically. “Indeed, it would not be surprising if those in their 20s and 30s today have to wait until their 70th birthday or even beyond to receive the state pension.” The next review of the state pension will have to legally be published within the next five months.