Pauline wasn’t exactly the easiest of patients Dr Now had to deal with when she entered his office back in season three of My 600lb Life on TLC. She initially refused the 1,200-calorie diet she was given and even at one stage decided to give up on her weight loss journey altogether, despite wanting to shed the weight to be less of a burden on her family. My 600lb Life fans will remember that Pauline even managed to gain weight during her time on the show, going from 643lbs to 678lbs after first meeting Dr Now. At the time she was 51 years of age and it seemed her stubbornness would hinder her progress. However, TLC viewers will know all too well that Dr Now also isn’t one to let issues slide by easily and his determined attitude helped get Pauline back on track. Pauline managed to lose enough weight to undergo surgery and despite a few blips in the road, she managed to lose 300lbs and qualify for skin removal surgery. READ MORE: 1000lb Best Friends' Meghan Crumpler storms off as friend pleads Eight years on, Pauline has managed to lose over 520lbs, according to Screen Rant, and is now ready to live a healthier lifestyle in her home state of California. In October 2021, Dr Now showed just how well Pauline had done in her weight loss journey with a jaw-dropping before and after snap of the reality TV star. He penned to 602k followers: “I am very proud of the commitment and progress Pauline has made. “When a patient wants to work with me to lose over 500 pounds, the first step is understanding their belief in the ‘power of commitment’ to achieve their weight loss goals. “Weight loss surgery should not be viewed as a quick fix. It is a tool to help support you in your weight loss journey.”   “If you are doubtful of the possibilities. Ask yourself, ‘What is holding you back in life right now?’ If you are willing to commit to making changes, you will be able to see results.” DON'T MISS:1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton admits she ‘lives life how I want’1000-lb Best Friends star’s heartbreaking reason for weight lossMy 600lb Life’s Amber Radchi unrecognisable after major transformation Inevitably, My 600lb Life fans rushed to the comments section of Dr Now’s post to congratulate Pauline and praise her transformation. Instagram user @guide_dog_rich wrote: “I just had her episode on and she did come a long way. I guess she did it in her own time but it all worked out in the end.” While fellow My 600lb Life fan and Dr Now follower @sciarra_rosa simply replied: “Incredible.” Elsewhere @andrea_kiss_62 couldn’t believe the results: “Wow, I am in absolute amazement. I would have never put my money on Pauline. “I remember her story and she was so so set in her ways!! A big WOW and an ever bigger congratulations!! Way to go Pauline!!” And @_xlittlelenax_ echoed: “Wow!!! I'm so proud and happy for her. She came a long way.” While @karendelilah_ admitted their reservations: “I remember her episode. She made me so mad while watching, but I’m glad she got it together. She looks great!” My 600lb Life season 11 premieres on TLC in the USA on February 1. A UK release date is yet to be announced.