The Met Office has issued yellow weather warnings for ice across many parts of the UK as wintery conditions continue to batter the country. There are fears this will cause disruption to morning travel as well as lead to a higher risk of falls and accidents. Icy stretches are forecast for all of Scotland, Northern Ireland and much of the north of England, including Newcastle. The Met Office has warned of: "Some injuries from slips and falls on icy surfaces. "Probably some icy patches on some untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths." The disruption is expected to continue until 11am on Monday morning.  The main railway line between Glasgow and the north west of England has been closed since Friday due to a landslip, with these conditions likely to delay its reopening. Rain, sleet and snow on Sunday was predicted to ease during the evening, with surfaces staying wet as temperatures dropped below freezing overnight. Met Office meteorologist Dan Stroud said it will feel colder on Monday, with even more wet weather forecast throughout the week.  READ MORE: US braced for more winter weather hell as evacuations ordered in Cali He said: "The best day of the week is probably going to be Bank Holiday Monday, with a lot of dry and generally fine weather across the country, a bit of a cloud in the mix, with cloud and rain moving in early Tuesday morning." The Met Office forecast for Monday reads: "Many areas dry with some sunshine and lighter winds, offsetting somewhat lower temperatures. "However there may be early showers in some exposed western, and possibly far southeastern, parts.  DON'T MISS:NHS facing ‘much worse’ pressure than during peak of Covid pandemic [LATEST]Shoppers surprised after finding Easter eggs in stores at Christmas  [REVEAL]Queen Margrethe admits to ‘difficulties’ within Danish Royal Family  [REPORT] "Showers more widespread and heavier in west and northwest Scotland by afternoon. "Tonight many parts starting clear with frost developing and some fog in eastern areas. "Increasing cloud and wind should lift temperatures in most southern and western areas later, rain following eastwards." 