Speaking on behalf of Halyna Hutchins' family, attorney Brian Panish said: "We want to thank the Santa Fe Sheriff and the District Attorney for concluding their thorough investigation and determining that charges of involuntary manslaughter are warranted for the killing of Halyna Hutchins with conscious disregard for human life. "Our independent investigation also supports charges are warranted. It is a comfort to the family that, in New Mexico, no one is above the law. We support the charges, will fully cooperate with this prosecution, and fervently hope the justice system works to protect the public and hold accountable those who break the law." Today's decision could see Alec Baldwin facing criminal charges of involuntary manslaughter, following the fatal shooting during a rehearsal of the western film Rust. Alec’s lawyer, Luke Nikas from Quinn Emanuel, says this result “represents a terrible miscarriage of justice”. He continued: “Mr Baldwin had no reason to believe there was a live bullet in the gun - or anywhere on the movie set. "He relied on the professionals with whom he worked, who assured him the gun did not have live rounds. We will fight these charges, and we will win."  The film’s armorer, who oversaw the weapons used on set, Hannah Gutierrez Reed, will also be charged. The film’s assistant director, David Halls, has reportedly agreed to plead guilty to a misdemeanor charge of negligent use of a deadly weapon. This is expected to see him spend six months serving probation. This afternoon, the Santa Fe district attorney announced that they would be filing criminal charges and the plea deal in a statement on social media.  READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley slurs words in Golden Globes interview just two days before death at 54 They also revealed that there will be no charges filed specifically involving Joel Souza, who was also injured in the shooting. District Attorney Mary Carmack-Altwies, said in the statement: “I have determined that there is sufficient evidence to file criminal charges against Alec Baldwin and other members of the ‘Rust’ film crew. “On my watch, no one is above the law, and everyone deserves justice.”  The special prosecutor appointed to the case, Andrea Reeb, said: “If any one of these three people—Alec Baldwin, Hannah Gutierrez-Reed or David Halls—had done their job, Halyna Hutchins would be alive today. “It’s that simple.” Andrea claimed that there was “evidence” showing a pattern of disregard for safety on the film set. Although the charges have not yet been filed, the statement assured it will be filed with New Mexico’s First Judicial District Court before the end of the month.  The statement declared that both the actor and the armorer will be “charged in the alternative”, meaning the jury will have to decide under which definition of involuntary manslaughter the pair may be guilty under. The first definition requires there to be underlying negligence and can be punished by up to 18 months in jail and a $5,000 fine. The second definition, known as involuntary manslaughter in the commission of a lawful act, requires proof that there was more than just negligence in play and carries the same punishment. However, it also carries a firearm enhancement due to a firearm being involved, which can be punishable by a mandatory five years in jail.  The DA concluded: “There is a very clear process for pursuing justice in this case. We are committed to upholding the integrity of that process to ensure equal justice under the law.” In October 2021, the cast and crew of Rust were setting up for a scene at a ranch on the outskirts of Santa Fe. Alec was pointing a pistol at Halyna, a Ukrainian cinematographer who was just 42 at the time, when the gun went off. Halyna died as a result of the shot and filmmaker Joel Souza was also injured in the ordeal. 