He has many gifts as well as failings. He may also be right that in the end only the Tory Party will generally do the right thing by the people and the nation. If so, it is a poor look-out for us if Sir Keir Starmer enters No 10. But nothing surprises me less than when I read in newspapers Boris saying the Government should cut taxes. He is – and always will be - financially incontinent. He has never had to bother about money and it seems unlikely he ever will.  No responsible politician can demand tax cuts when the Government is wrestling with a £400Bn pandemic bill, the escalating cost of supporting Ukraine’s fight for freedom and a national debt that costs £100Bn a year – twice the defence budget – to service. The only tax cut that could be justified is one that offers a real prospect of growth and therefore revenue. We need every penny we can lay our hands on. Yet the economically illiterate suggest that, on the basis of a flicker of growth in November, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt now has £11Bn to play with. What good playing with it by cutting taxes will do is a mystery when it is but small change beside our debts. For a moment I was surprised to read Sir Keir saying that we could no longer treat the NHS as a sacred cow. It had to be reformed and he is the man to do it. Good for him – until we see what the unions make of it. On the other hand, what is surprising about an opportunist Labour leader promising to take the NHS apart when the Government bemoans its condition but does very little to improve its efficiency? He’s only doing what comes naturally in politics. Then up comes a former Tory Minister, Ian Skidmore MP, with a review of our potentially crippling net-zero carbon ambitions which would ban new gas boilers within a decade, without, of course, an economic alternative. It is true he does not seem to be entirely mesmerised by the target. He favours a “rooftop revolution” with panels on every rooftop in sight, except presumably and counter-productively greenhouses, rather than vast eyesores of solar farms desecrating the countryside and preventing food production. But he is incorrigible in demanding more and more windpower, “an onshore wind revolution” no less. The man has clearly learned nothing from the history of the last 30 years. The concentration on “renewable” sources of energy, mainly wind, to the virtual exclusion of clean nuclear power, has wrecked our security of supply. Not a day goes by but we regret the failure to build seven PWR reactors planned by Margaret Thatcher. Only one was built – Sizewell B – until belatedly we went for the dubious French European reactor at Hinkley Point in spite of the endless problems in Finland and France in getting a similar system to work. Mr Skidmore represents the continuation of the boneheaded environmental mania that has blighted Britain for decades. To paraphrase a saying often quoted by my father: “What doth it profit a man if he gain a whole green new world and wrecks its economy?” And so, inevitably, to the Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, who has set aside £100m to atone for the Church of England’s association with the sins of slavery centuries ago. This is not signalling virtue when the real crisis today is the decline of Christianity and the steady exodus from the CofE. It is out of the top drawer of Welbyism and therefore utterly unsurprising, though demoralising nonetheless. He is not going to uplift many souls if he neglects the present for the past. It is a classic illustration of what is wrong with the so-called elite of Britain – no sense of proportion; no ability to identify priorities; no appetite for preaching a relevant gospel to the bewildered. Which brings me effortlessly to the wokerati. They have long ceased to surprise the common man with their idiocies. His reaction to their latest pronouncements is succinct and dismissive: “Daft beggars”, or words to that effect. One of these days I shall compile the Ingham scale of wokerati absurdity. Canada’s decision to rename the Brownies – young Girl Guides – “Embers” since they are “full of potential” – for setting things on fire is going to take some beating. Prince Harry is not the only one going daft. The world is deranged. We get evidence of it daily - and worryingly it does not surprise us. 