Former Premier League manager Tim Sherwood has revealed that he has asked Harry Kane whether he is set to leave Tottenham at the end of the season but received an ambiguous answer. Manchester United and Bayern Munich are both keeping tabs on the England international whilst his future in north London remains uncertain. Kane matched Tottenham’s all-time top scorer record of 266 – held by Jimmy Greaves – on Monday night with the all-important goal against Fulham at Craven Cottage. The striker received the ball with his back to goal before turning and curling a fierce strike past Bernd Leno to give Spurs an important win on the road. It takes Kane’s total Premier League goals to 199, well within reach of all-time top scorer Alan Shearer (260). Though whether the 29-year-old is able to break that record in a Tottenham shirt remains to be seen, with speculation linking the forward with a move away from the club. Speaking to the Daily Mail, Sherwood revealed that he asked his former player about the prospect of a transfer but was unable to gain true clarity on the situation. He explained: “I spoke to Harry on Monday night after his winner at Fulham. “I asked him if he's going to be sticking around in the Premier League to target Alan Shearer's record next. He told me it was a 'loaded question' but did add he's enjoying himself. We want to see the best of the best in the Premier League so I hope Harry stays put to take over Alan's record.” Some feel that Kane is destined to end his career without any trophies to name if he remains at Tottenham due to how far away from being title contenders they are. Thus, a move to United could see him end that draught – with the forward top of their shortlist for the summer. It has recently emerged that Kane is willing to sign a new contract at Spurs, with his current deal expiring in 18 months. However, if a deal is not reached then the summer transfer window will be the last chance for Tottenham to cash in on their talisman’s services for his true market value. United are expected to push to strike a deal with Spurs for Kane at the end of the season, with the arrival of Wout Weghorst on loan from Burnley only providing a quick fix for their problems. Napoli star Victor Osimhen and RB Salzburg’s Benjamin Sesko are amongst other considerations.