Arsenal supporter Piers Morgan has admitted he’s surprised that Ukraine international Mykhaylo Mudryk agreed to move to Chelsea because the club’s fans still “chant support for one of [Vladimir] Putin’s best mates”. Morgan was referring to former Blues owner Roman Abramovich, who was forced to sell the club after he was sanctioned in the wake of Russia’s attack on Ukraine last year. Ahead of his move to Chelsea, Mudryk had been heavily linked with a transfer to Arsenal and had even posted a series of messages on his Instagram page to illustrate his desire to move to the Emirates Stadium. The Gunners were ultimately embarrassed though as they weren’t able to agree a transfer fee with Mudryk’s former club Shakhtar Donetsk, despite the fact they submitted three offers. And Chelsea swept in to hijack the deal on Saturday evening after reportedly stumping up £62million plus another £27m in bonuses to get their hands on the winger. But Morgan is stunned that Mudryk opted to move to the Blues instead of the Gunners and was quick to savage Chelsea fans on Sunday morning. “My final thought on Mudryk is that it’s a tad surprising to watch a Ukrainian player flirt so enthusiastically with Arsenal and then opt at the last minute for a club whose fans continue to chant support for one of Putin’s best mates,” Morgan wrote on Twitter. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Russia invaded Ukraine at the end of last February in what Putin described as a “special military operation.” Thousands of people have since lost their lives, with millions of Ukrainians being forced to flee the country. And the invasion shows no signs of being brought to an end any time soon. Mudryk enjoyed a scintillating first half of the season with Shakhtar and bagged an incredible 10 goals and eight assists in 18 appearances for the team before moving to the Premier League. He has reportedly been handed a seven-year contract in west London with wages of £100,000 per week. DON'T MISSManchester United boss Ten Hag may have pulled off transfer masterstrokeWeghorst had ulterior motive to join Man Utd as revelation comes to lightMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in private  Chelsea confirmed Mudryk’s arrival on Sunday afternoon, with the player spotted at Stamford Bridge to watch his new team take on Crystal Palace in the Premier League. And after joining the Blues, the player said: “I’m so happy to sign for Chelsea. “This is a huge club, in a fantastic league and it is a very attractive project for me at this stage of my career. I’m excited to meet my new team-mates and I’m looking forward to working and learning under Graham Potter and his staff.” 