State pension age, currently 66, was already due to rise from 67 in four to six years’ time, and to 68 by 2046, but reports suggest the Treasury could change this. The state pension age could reach 68 as early as 2035 - pushing forward plans by 11 years - under Government plans, according to The Sun.   The news of such a hike has unsettled many people, who have resisted such a change being implemented. Dennis Reed, director at Silver Voices, told Express.co.uk: “Raising the state pension age at a time when the UK is facing so many challenges would be a hammer blow to those within ten years of retirement. “Previous justifications that the state pension age should rise because life expectancy was going up, no longer apply. “Life expectancy has stalled and is even declining in poorer communities. READ MORE: WASPI women hit out as state pension age set to be hiked “Many older workers are still finding it difficult to land jobs once they have reached 60, because of age discrimination at work.” The current review has vowed to consider life expectancy in its decision on the state pension age. However, recent data has shown a widening gap in life expectancy when it comes to the most and least deprived areas of the country. For instance, the average life expectancy in the North East is 77 for a man and 81 for a woman - with a 10.4 year gap between the most and least deprived quintiles for men, and 8.1 years for a woman. DON'T MISSBritons hit out as state pension age to rise [LATEST]State pension age hike would be 'cruel' warns charity [ANALYSIS]State pension age 'to rise to 68' within 12 years under new plans [INSIGHT] In the South West, average life expectancy is 80 for a man and 83.8 for a woman. The gap between most and least deprived quintiles is 6.3 and 4.7 years respectively. Aside from the argument surrounding life expectancy, there is also frustration surrounding the potential Britons will have to work longer. If a state pension age rise to 68 were to be implemented by the 2030s, it would mean millions of people currently 54 and younger would be affected. Mr Reed continued: “Millions of workers now in their forties and fifties would find themselves in the same position as the 1950s women. READ MORE: Cold Weather Payments - Full list of postcodes eligible for support “They would be ekeing out an existence on benefits for years, until their state pension kicks in. “WASPI revisited would consign the Conservatives to a long period of opposition. “We may not take to the streets like French workers, objecting to a state pension age rise to 64, but the resentment would be the same.” In the same sense, WASPI women have also expressed their opposition to the idea of a rising state pension age. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Angela Madden, chair of WASPI, added to Express.co.uk: “It isn’t right to make people work until they drop. “A healthy, retired population has so much to offer in voluntary and community work, and in caring responsibilities. “Certainly, before making further rises to the state pension age, the Government needs to show it has learned the lessons of past bungles.” A DWP spokesperson said “no decision” has been made on state pension age changes yet. They stated: “The Government is required by law to regularly review the state pension age and the second state pension age review is currently considering, based on a wide range of evidence including latest life expectancy data and two independent reports, whether the rules around state pension age remain appropriate. “The review will be published in early 2023.”