KSI returns to the boxing ring at Wembley Arena this weekend as he faces off against Esports star FaZe Temper. The YouTuber-turned-rapper has impressed in his brief career to date and saw off Swarmz and Luis Alcarez Pineda on the same night back in August 2022. KSI has already beaten Logan Paul and has set his sights on the American’s brother Jake, once he has fought this weekend. He has been linked with the likes of Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather in the past but insisted this week, the future fight with Paul will be the last of his career. “I know after Jake it’s done. I’d have no desire to continue. I wouldn’t want to fight anymore because I wouldn’t have any more goals in boxing, I would have achieved what I strived for," he said. Despite his plans to call it a day, he has managed to catch the eye of a number of boxing superstars, including former world heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua. Ahead of his grudge match with Logan Paul, KSI revealed the Brit had given him tips on how to perform on fight night. It later emerged Joshua told KSI he should not “listen to his coaches”. READ MORE: Anthony Joshua to 'make comeback fight' against Australia's fourth-best heavyweight   And speaking last year, Joshua admitted he was a “massive fan” of KSI outside of the ring, telling DAZN: “KSI is doing some of the things I would love to do [with music], so I really admire his work rate and what he’s achieving. “It’s respectable once you’re doing it. When someone has walked the path and they can talk the talk and walk the walk, you have to let them flourish in their chosen path. "I’m not saying he’s the next Floyd Mayweather, but let’s give the man a chance to be great - whether it’s music, acting, boxing, football. He’s doing it all and he’s trying to find his greatness, I’m supporting him on that quest." DON'T MISS:Anthony Joshua 'selects new trainer' as next fight opponent mooted in exciting new chapterTyson Fury vs Oleksandr Usyk set to give big pay day to Daniel Dubois after major U-turnTyson Fury's unification bout with Oleksandr Usyk edges closer as contracts exchanged Another boxer tipped to fight KSI is Tommy Fury, with the ex-Love Island star claiming he would be willing to face the Brit and Jake Paul in the same night. Fury’s reputation has been dented over his recent bouts while his big brother Tyson continues to steal the limelight. The world heavyweight champion was asked about KSI fighting his brother but was not exactly complimentary, insisting: “I don't watch all that YouTube stuff. Not that I've got anything against it, I think it's great for the sport and the people who do it. "It's great for everybody but it's not my cup of tea. If I want to see a real fight, I go down to a Morecambe boozer on a Friday night and I watch a fight." Despite claiming to have not watched KSI, Fury claimed the Brit would comfortably lose to Paul, adding: “I just think he knocks him out cold." But KSI hit back and vowed to prove his doubters wrong. He told his YouTube channel: “He can say whatever he wants, I just think he's wrong and when I get into the ring and show everyone how wrong he is it's going to be fantastic."