Chelsea have reportedly offered Benfica three players as well as £79.5million as part of a deal to sign Enzo Fernandez, though the negotiating tactic has been unsuccessful. The Blues offered the Portuguese side the chance to sign Hakim Ziyech permanently, as well as take David Datro Fofana and Andrey Santos on loan for the remainder of the campaign. The Blues are desperate to strengthen their midfield ranks this month, with Fernandez a top target. The Argentina international put himself on the map at the Qatar World Cup, capturing the attention of numerous top clubs. Amid all of the interest, Benfica have insisted that they will only part ways with the 21-year-old if his £106million release clause is met. Chelsea attempted to undercut that offer previously, which proved unsuccessful, and reportedly they have had a second bid rebuffed. According to Record, Graham Potter’s side offered Benfica the chance to sign Ziyech and bolster their ranks with Santos and Fofana - who are set to sign this month - for the remainder of the campaign. The proposal was quickly declined though, with Benfica far from impressed and insisting that ‘they’re not a finishing school for other clubs’, in reference to the loans. TRANSFER NEWS LIVE: Man Utd medical today, Chelsea keen on £60m ace Fernandez has already agreed to make the move to Stamford Bridge this month, infuriating Benfica sporting director Rui Costa. The mood at the negotiating table is thought to be ‘tense’, with all parties willing to stand their ground. Talks have since broken down between the clubs, with Chelsea now forced to reconsider whether they are willing to meet the release clause required to acquire Fernandez’s services or look elsewhere. Of course, the interest from their Premier League rivals in their top target will also be a factor. The Blues are admirers of Brighton duo Alexis Mac Allister and Moises Caicedo, though may struggle to strike a deal for either of the pair given that Roberto De Zerbi’s side are currently above them in the table and have aspirations of playing European football next season. The Seagulls have also been vocal about how they are not willing to entertain offers for either World Cup star. West Ham captain Declan Rice has also been a long-term target at Chelsea that could be re-visited before the end of the month. The England international is unlikely to leave the Hammers until the end of the season, though a significant bid for his services could test their resolve. David Moyes’ side are 17th in the table and only out of the relegation zone on goal difference, which could influence the club’s thinking given that his value will plummet if they do find themselves in the Championship next season.