Call the Midwife is back on BBC One and the team is working hard to make sure the mothers and their babies make a full recovery. However, they are under the watchful eye of the Board of Health, who are not happy. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast.  Dr Threapwood is played by Timothy Harker, an actor from North Wales who joined the world of acting at a later age. He has appeared on stage, TV and film since completing his training and is known for his comedic roles. The star's first screen role was in 2015 and he went on to star in an episode of Peaky Blinders. His other credits include Coronation Street, Feel Good and The Other One.  Jonty is Matthew Aylward's (Olly Rix) son who appears on and off throughout the series. He is played by Archie O'Callaghan, a child actor who was just five months old when he starred in the series Life After Life. READ MORE: Call the Midwife fans concerns Nurse Crane's leaving show after teaser Mrs Jameson is played by Frankie Hastings, a film and TV actress from Belfast. She trained at RADA, the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, and is mostly known for her stage roles. She has starred in Macbeth, Julius Ceasar and The Laramie Project.  Mrs Biggs is played by Yvie Magee, who describes herself on Instagram as an "actress, adventurer and mumma". She played the female lead in Ed Sheeran's video for Beautiful People. The actress has also done commercial work for McDonald's and National Lottery. Mrs Perreira is played by Gabriela Garcia, a theatre actress born and raised in Mexico. She came over to England when she was 16 to pursue her career as an actress. Her stage credits include West Side Story, Strictly Ballroom and Ghost. Ramesh Khatri is played by Manish Gandhi, an Indian director and actor. His TV credits include Crime Patrol and Judwa Raja. DON'T MISS... Call the Midwife star hints at Tom Cruise appearance [INSIGHT] Call The Midwife's Miss Higgins star admits to being 'diva' on set [INTERVIEW] Here's all there is to know about Call the Midwife star Megan Cusack [EXPLAINER] Mr Walsh is played by Philip Bird, a British actor known for playing Peter Birch in Emmerdale. He has also starred in Doctors, Heartbeat and Coronation Street. Viewers may have more recently seen him in 2021's Finding Alice. Larry Lucas is played by Wilfred Scolding, who recently played Captain Vanis Tigo in Disney Plus's Andor. His other credits include The Archers, The One, Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of Dumbledore and Game of Thrones. Simone is played by Abby Russell, an actress, writer and comedian. She has appeared in the ITV2 sitcom Deep Heat and has other TV projects in the making.  Vinita Khatri is played by Annice Boparai, an actress from the West Midlands. She trained at the Oxford School of Drama and went on to land TV, stage and film roles. The actress is known for her roles in Trojan Horse and Doctors.  Joan is played by Roxanne Palmer, who played Frida O'Rourke in Endeavour. Her other credits include Body of Water, Holby City and Shaz and Rox.   Call The Midwife airs on BBC One on Sundays at 8pm.