Prince Andrew has reportedly lost his apartments and offices at Buckingham Palace as the 775-room residence is undergoing a £369million, 10-year rebuilding project. This includes gutting and renovating Andrew’s suite, known as the Chamber Floor. King Charles has reportedly made it clear that his brother is no longer able to stay at the palace. If the Duke of York wishes to stay in London, the King has apparently said he would be able to at another royal residence, specifically St James's Palace. Andrew still has his 31-room mansion Royal Lodge in Windsor which he shares with his ex-wife, Sarah Ferguson. The news comes after it was shared that the Duke of York is still hopeful that his reputation will be restored. READ MORE: Princess Diana's childhood home in Northamptonshire  A source said: “The King has made it clear that Buckingham Palace is no place for Prince Andrew. First his office closed last year and now his sleeping quarters. "Andrew loved having a suite at Buckingham Palace where he was not only set up for marital life with Sarah Ferguson but used it as a bachelor’s pad after his divorce," they told The Sun. Like many celebrities, the late Queen had her very own home cinema at Buckingham Palace. However, it was for staff use rather than the Royal Family themselves. BBC journalist Emily Maitlis said she saw the staff cinema being set up in the palace's south drawing room when she went to interview Prince Andrew in November 2019.   "The floor is being transformed by palace workmen. It looks for a minute as if railway tracks are going down," Emily wrote in The Times. She then spoke to a staff member, who told her: "It's for the Buckingham Palace cinema. All the people who work here come along. It's Judy tonight if you want to stay.'"  All 800 Buckingham Palace staff can make use of the Court Post Office within the palace, which is run by Royal Mail. A photo at the IWM shared a glimpse at what it looked like in 1941, however, it has likely changed greatly since then. READ MORE: Harry claims Camilla transformed his room when he moved out  The private chapel at Buckingham Palace was created by Queen Victoria and Prince Albert in 1844 in what had been designed as a conservatory. However, it was destroyed in a German bombing raid in 1940, and it has now been relocated to the southeastern part of the palace. The Royal Mews Surgery is located at Buckingham Palace and is run by the Queen's GP, Dr Timothy Evans. It offers NHS healthcare to royal household staff, while the Royal Family are said to prefer to be treated privately.   Visitors to Buckingham Palace during the summer opening of the State Rooms will pass through the grand White Drawing Room. But it also has a secret doorway leading to the King's private state apartments. Disguised as a mirror and cabinet and typically concealed from view, it is where King Charles will make his entrance ahead of audiences and small gatherings. 