 If Hunt acts this would be a victory for Express.co.uk, which has repeatedly highlighted the dangers of this baffling tax, that experts have described as “brutal, horrific, and impossible to understand”. Hunt is desperate to encourage the over 50s back to work, as millions have left the workplace in recent years. On Friday he called this an “enormous and shocking waste of talent and potential”, and said he would unleash pension tax incentives to reverse the trend. Hundreds of thousands are already returning in what has been dubbed the "great unretirement”, but the government is desperate to accelerate the process. As part of this, Hunt told The Daily Telegraph that he may increase the amount that can be saved into pensions tax-free. He looks set to do this by increasing the pensions lifetime allowance, or LTA, which caps the maximum you can save across all your company and personal pension schemes during your lifetime at an arbitrary level. More than two million are in danger of being caught and the numbers will grow as last autumn Hunt froze the level at which it kicks until 2028. Under the LTA, those whose total pension pots exceed an arbitrary sum pay an alarming 55 percent tax on the excess to HM Revenue & Customs.   The lifetime allowance stood at £1.8million a decade ago, so only the very rich had to worry about it. It has been repeatedly slashed to today's £1,073,100. Andrew Tully, technical director at Canada Life, said constant tinkering means the LTA no longer justs hits the super wealthy. With the allowance repeatedly cut and now frozen, more will be caught through fiscal drag, where wealth rises but tax threshold don't. "It's a nightmare to navigate and puts people off saving," Tully said. Tom Selby, head of retirement policy at AJ Bell, has said the LTA is so "horrifically complex" that it is almost impossible to understand. It completely messes up people's retirement plans, because they have no idea whether they are likely to breach it. A last-minute stock market surge could tip someone over the allowance unexpectedly, triggering that 55 percent charge. At that point, HMRC would seize £550 of every £1,000 above the LTA. This is a punishment for doing the right thing and saving hard for retirement. Many NHS doctors have been caught out, with some deciding to retire years early rather than pay this punitive tax. This could induce them to come back and ease pressure on the NHS. READ MORE: Britons ‘dragged’ into 55% bill as rule branded 'punishment on saving'    However, Hunt only seems likely to raise the limit when he should simply get rid of it. There are far simpler ways of limiting the amount of tax relief high earners can claim on their pensions, if that’s the Treasury's goal. I would rather see Hunt axe the ludicrous LTA altogether but reduce the annual allowance, which limits pension contributions to £40,000 a year. If that was cut to, say, £20,000 or £30,000 it would save money and people would know where they stood. My other concern is that it is hard to see how raising the LTA will get Britons working again. The truth is that the vast majority will get nowhere near busting through the LTA. Scrapping it would tidy up a cruel pensions quirk but do precious little to get the economy growing again. If that's Hunt's best shot, we should all be worried.