Call the Midwife fans were worried Lucille Robinson (played by Leonie Elliott) would leave following the trauma of her recent miscarriage. While she is still struggling to balance her work and personal life, she becomes heavily invested in the care of an isolated elderly man. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is guest-starring in the upcoming episode of the BBC hit. Janet Norris is the granddaughter of another guest star, Tommy Woodleigh. She is played by Phoebe Horn, who has starred in a number of stage shows including Hamlet, Shakespeare in Love and Tipping the Velvet. The star has also had some film roles, including a role in the film Bound.  Lilian Reynolds is a pregnant woman who is diagnosed with breast cancer. She is played by Lydia Larson, who is mostly known for her stage credits including Skin a Cat and We Have Fallen. Her TV credits include Doctors, Kidnapped and Three Minute Wonders: Routes. READ MORE: Call the Midwife’s Jenny Agutter shares Sister Julienne axe fears Mrs Gertrude Wallace is in charge of the church Lucille attends. She is played by Linda Hargreaves, who played a number of roles in the medical drama Doctors. Her other credits include EastEnders, Everything I Know about Love, Containment and Bodyguard.  Colette is the daughter of Nancy Corrigan (Megan Cusack) and she is played by Francesca Fullilove. The child star made her acting debut in Call the Midwife. Mr Sawyer is played by Richard Brimblecombe, an actor who has starred in Unforgotten and Industry. His other notable credits include Damned, Doctors, Red Dwarf, EastEnders and Spy.  Tommy Woodleigh is a man who is diagnosed with macular degeneration, which impacts vision in people in their 50s and 60s. He is played by Barry McCarthy, who viewers may recognise from The Bill, Topsy and Tim and Lovely Little Farm. His other credits include Doctors, Missing and the film Notes on a Scandal. DON'T MISS... Call the Midwife viewers 'work out' Lucille Anderson's exit [DISCUSSION] Call The Midwife viewers 'not warming to' newcomer [INSIGHT]Call the Midwife viewers in tears over 'heartbreaking' cancer death [DISCUSSION] Ronnie Reynolds is Lillian's husband in the series and he is played by James Alexandrou. James is a 37-year-old English actor and filmmaker who viewers will recognise as Martin Fowler in EastEnders. He starred in the soap from 1996 until 2007 and went on to present Bizarre Crime on BBC Three. His most recent role was in ITVX's The Confessions of Frannie Langton. Returning from the main cast are Jenny Agutter as Sister Julienne and Linda Bassett as Phyllis Crane. Judy Parfitt is back as Sister Monica Joan with Helen George as Trixie Franklin and Laura Main as Shelagh Turner. Meanwhile, Leonie Elliot returns as Lucille, with Stephen McGann as Patrick Turner. Cliff Parisi is back as Fred Buckle, with Megan Cusack as Nancy Corrigan and Rebecca Gethings as newcomer Sister Veronica.  Call the Midwife season 12 airs on Sundays on BBC One at 8pm.