Manchester United fans have recently been calling on the club to re-sign Paul Pogba in the wake of the decision to dock Juventus 15 points. The Old Lady have been penalised following an investigation into their transfer dealings. But while the midfielder wanted to meet Erik ten Hag before his exit, that meeting never materialised. Last weekend, a section of Manchester United fans took to social media calling for the return of Pogba. The midfielder may have underwhelmed during his six years at Old Trafford but, with Casemiro at the club, some now feel he’d thrive in the current team. Back in the summer, before his move away from United, it was reported that the midfielder wanted talks with Ten Hag. The 29-year-old was, it seems, open to staying at United - despite the Red Devils toiling under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Pogba’s contract was winding down but, despite regularly flirting with a move away from United, he was open to possibilities. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Certainly, footage from his documentary suggested he wanted to stay put - with the 2018 World Cup winner bemoaning the fact United never substantially tried to tie him down to a new deal. Yet in the end, Pogba never got the meeting he wanted. Ten Hag knew United needed to plan for the future, rather than relying on inconsistent players from the past. And Pogba was then allowed to leave for Juventus on a free transfer, with the midfielder plagued by injuries in the short time since. The Frenchman, who was a big hit with the Old Lady earlier in his career, is yet to make a single competitive outing for the club. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see And United aren’t even contemplating the possibility of a return for Pogba, with Ten Hag still on the lookout for a new forward. Many felt the club’s transfer business was done when they captured Wout Weghorst earlier this month. The Netherlands international arrived from Burnley on loan, having spent the first half of the season on loan at Besiktas. But United are open to landing another forward on a temporary basis should the right opportunity arise. No names are currently in the frame to join the Red Devils. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But it’ll be fascinating to see what happens as United look to make progress in all four competitions they’re currently in. Speaking in September, meanwhile, Pogba expressed his delight at returning to Juventus. “I like to think and say that it is my heart that made the choice to come back to Juventus. It was also maybe the right time to come back here,” Pogba told GQ Italia. “The last three years in Manchester, also conditioned by injuries, did not go the way I wanted, it’s not a mystery. “Juventus came from two years in which they did not win the Scudetto. "It was a good challenge for both of us, and maybe it was the right time to get together and try to take back our rightful place: me and Juventus. “Inside of me I know that this jersey is very special. It brings out my best. We built a good history with this team, which I never forgot even when I left. “Coming back here for me is always a reason to push even harder, to stimulate myself to do well. I never had any doubt that this is were I belong.” But it’ll be fascinating to see what happens as United look to make progress in all four competitions they’re currently in. Speaking in September, meanwhile, Pogba expressed his delight at returning to Juventus. “I like to think and say that it is my heart that made the choice to come back to Juventus. It was also maybe the right time to come back here,” Pogba told GQ Italia. “The last three years in Manchester, also conditioned by injuries, did not go the way I wanted, it’s not a mystery. 