Manchester United are now two midfielders short in the wake of Christian Eriksen’s injury against Reading on Saturday night. The Red Devils are already having to make do without Donny van de Beek, who is sidelined until the end of the campaign. And with the transfer window open, and Erik ten Hag needing somebody to fill the void, Isco could be an interesting proposition… Manchester United signed Eriksen back in the summer, with the midfielder arriving from Brentford. And he’s been in impressive form in the time since, with the Denmark international registering nine assists across all competitions. United were dealt a blow on Saturday night, however, when the midfielder was forced out of the victory over Reading. Eriksen is now set for a scan as the Red Devils look to see the results so they can determine the true extent of the damage. And Ten Hag was coy after the game when quizzed on the matter, with the 52-year-old saying: “It’s always difficult to say in this moment so short after the game has finished. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “But it’s an ankle [injury]. We have to see what is the diagnosis, so it costs us a minimum of 24 hours before we know that and then I can say more.” United have faced calls to pursue Youri Tielemans of Leicester, especially given his contractual situation. The Belgium international has just six months left on his deal at the King Power Stadium, with all signs pointing to a departure as a free agent come the summer. However, Isco would be an intriguing proposition for United to consider instead. They were keen on the player back in the summer transfer window of 2013, only for Real Madrid to win the race for his signature instead. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see And Isco would proceed to be a huge asset at the Bernabeu, helping Los Blancos win five Champions League titles. At the end of last season, the 30-year-old decided to leave and pursue a new challenge at Sevilla. But Isco then had his contract at the club terminated last month, a move that rendered him a free agent in the process. Admittedly, his stock has fallen in recent years. Yet Isco would be a shrewd addition for United if they can get him back to his Real Madrid best. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The Red Devils certainly require a creative reinforcement, particularly if Eriksen is ruled out for the foreseeable future. Fred has his uses but has never achieved consistency throughout his time at Old Trafford, after nearly half a decade with the club. The same can be said for Scott McTominay, too. And though United have the option to recall Hannibal Mejbri, there’s a sense they’d prefer the 20-year-old to see out the season at Birmingham instead. Speaking before the victory over Reading, meanwhile, Ten Hag called on United to ‘go for it’ should the right opportunity arise. "In the coming days, should we have an opportunity, I would go for it but it's not only up to me,” he said. “I think that always has to be the approach at this club. "Every day you have to get better so if there are opportunities to get better then you have to strike, that's my approach. “I’m looking, doing research, I have an idea and have profiles to strengthen the squad."