Derek Draper was allowed to move home, where Kate Garraway and specialist nurses take care of him, last year but the Good Morning Britain presenter’s husband has spent further time in hospital receiving specialist care since being discharged initially. On Thursday’s GMB, Kate opened up on her experience with the NHS with shadow attorney general Emily Thornberry. Garraway suggested the government should continue to facilitate private hospitals offering NHS patients beds for free when NHS hospitals don’t have the capacity. “Frankly if I had to have a hip replaced I don’t care where I get it done as long as it’s done,” Thornberry remarked. “And that happened during Covid, didn’t it?” Garraway said. “I know that from personal experience when Derek was first sick there were no spaces on any wards for him to go for the treatment he needed.” She remarked: “So at that time in effect, everything was nationalised. Read more: GMB backlash as ITV blasted for giving Shamima Begum 'a platform' “All private hospitals had to take NHS patients at the cost of an NHS patient and he went in. “But after a while the private hospitals said they couldn't make it pay and therefore it came to an end - it reverted back. "That seemed like a sensible way to go. So, what was the argument against that?" Answering her own question, she continued: “I would have said that the argument against that is that people with private insurance wouldn’t be able to jump queues." Garraway continued to ask Thornberry whether the NHS was being privatised but the shadow attorney general simply reiterated her priority is the NHS. The mum-of-two pointed out more money “needed to be found” and grilled Thornberry on how Labour would finance improvements.  “We don’t have enough nurses, doctors, midwives, health visitors or anyone else.” DON'T MISSGMB backlash as Camilla's friend moans Charles 'will forgive Harry' [INSIGHT]Judge Judy calls Prince Harry ‘ungrateful’ and ‘selfish’ in GMB rant [INTERVIEW]GMB viewers blast 'pathetic' Prince Harry coverage  [INSIGHT] Thornberry explained Labour had a plan to “double the size of the workforce”. “The people who are exhausted in the National Health Service need to know that numbers are going to increase, that they’re not going to be expected to work these shifts with so few people anymore,” she continued. “If we’re giving the opportunity to serve the public we will get rid of non-dom, this thing about how you can live here but don’t live here all this nonsense and you don’t pay tax. “The very richest have got this loophole so we would close that loophole and we would use that money to pay for the huge increase in the number of people being trained to work in the National Health Service.” Last December, Kate opened up to Lorraine Kelly about why she no longer updates viewers on her husband’s condition. “The thing I’ve been really aware of is people saying, ‘Oh she’s talking about that again,’” she said. “I don’t want to go on about it because what I’ve learnt is you don’t really know what it feels like until you’re there. “I now get contacted every day, which makes me feel less isolated, by thousands of people saying, ‘Please say more because we are struggling.’” Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.