Lenovo clearly thinks it's time to offer laptop owners something totally new with its latest Yoga Book 9i ditching the usual keyboard and offering dual displays instead. Those buying this new Windows 11-powered device will get two giant 13.3-inch 2.8K OLED screens which offer twice the viewing space of standard laptops. Thanks to full multitasking support, users can even run a number of apps across the displays so a movie binge can be enjoyed whilst answering the daily mass of e-mails or games can be played whilst surfing the web. When it's time to get some work done, one of the screens can instantly be transformed into a full digital qwerty keyboard with full customisation allowing it to fill different parts of the panel. If tapping on a screen sound hugely unappealing, Lenovo also says it will offer a physical Bluetooth keyboard for those who prefer punching real keys. Using this accessory also means the giant screens remain free to view content. As an added bonus a digital stylus also comes in the box so owners can scribble on those dual panels without using their fingers. The Yoga Book 9i’s software has also be designed by Lenovo in collaboration with Microsoft which means there are features such as smart writing and reading tools as well as note-taking options that let the user take notes on one screen while simultaneously viewing an online class on the second screen. Other features coming to this device include Dolby Atmos spatial audio plus there's a 360-degree rotating sound bar that features technology from the experts at Bowers & Wilkins. It will be powered by the latest generation of Intel Core processors with Lenovo boating that it will be light enough to have in a backpack all day. Speaking about the device, Lenovo said: "The Yoga Book 9i’s dual screen technology empowers consumers to enjoy a unique range of versatile experiences. It could be as simple as having the ability to surf the web and view the image across two full screens with an easy 5-finger motion. Or, for those wanting to work on two separate files simultaneously, they can view both files, one on each screen, for hyper-productivity. Similarly, consumers can watch a video on one screen while taking notes or researching on the second screen at the same time, without interruptions." There's currently no word on price or release date but expect more news to be announced soon.