Arsenal are currently five points clear at the top of the Premier League and their chances of winning a trophy this season could be boosted with King Charles III on the throne. The Gunners have won the most silverware while there has been a male monarch at the top of the tree. The Gunners sit five points clear of Manchester City at the top of the table, while Newcastle are a further four points behind. And some signs are starting to point towards those clubs having plenty of success in the years ahead. Arsenal won nine trophies between January 1901 and February 1952 when a King was on the throne, prior to Queen Elizabeth II taking over. Newcastle also enjoyed plenty of success during the early 20th century, winning eight trophies, including four First Division titles. The Magpies have improved markedly so far this season and reaped the benefits of their high-quality recruitment, and they are likely to strengthen further with more investment on the way. Eddie Howe’s side will feel that winning the Premier League may be too soon of a target for his side, though cup competitions will certainly be a target. The Toon Army remain in the Carabao Cup and take on Leicester City in the quarter-finals next week. King Charles III taking the throne may be a good omen for some sides, though the changing of the monarch may need to work a miracle if it is to prompt Everton to enjoy success under his reign. Frank Lampard’s side were the third-most successful outfit during the aforementioned time period, winning the FA Cup twice and the league on four occasions. In contrast, Manchester United will need to break the trend of struggling under a male monarch. The Red Devils only won two league titles prior to Queen Elizabeth II taking the throne, winning the FA Cup on two occasions too. The Red Devils are in the heart of a major rebuild under Erik ten Hag, with the former Ajax boss attempting to construct a squad that can compete for trophies and regain their status as one of the top teams in Europe. The club have failed to win the Premier League since Sir Alex Ferguson retired in 2013, only tasting success in cup competitions three times since then as well. Major trophies won with a King on the throne January 1901 - February 1952 Arsenal 9 Newcastle 8 Everton 6 Sheffield Wednesday 6 Liverpool 5 Aston Villa 4 Huddersfield Town 4 Man Utd 4 Sunderland 4