 Rishi Sunak blasted EU motormouth Guy Verhofstadt for talking “nonsense” after he blamed Brexit for Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. The hardcore federalist, who dreams of a United States of Europe, lashed out on the third anniversary of Britain’s departure from the EU. He told LBC: "A united Europe, certainly on defence matters, would make an enormous difference. I think maybe that without Brexit, maybe there was no invasion. I don’t know." Mr Verhofstadt added: "Let's hope that Britain can rejoin and let's hope that Ukraine can join and why not within five years?" The former prime minister of Belgium, who was the European Parliament’s Brexit boss during the torturous UK-EU negotiations, also claimed that “people understand that Brexit was a wrong choice” and that it “has done a lot of damage to Europe and certainly to the UK”. But his remarks provoked an angry response from Downing Street, with the Prime Minister’s official spokesman saying: “Putin’s illegal invasion has nothing to do with Brexit." The official continued: “In fact, the invasion has demonstrated the UK’s commitment to European security. “We have from the start been working extremely closely with our European allies, which is a real tangible demonstration of the UK’s continued commitment to the security of the continent. “That will not change and it’s nonsense to suggest otherwise”. Doubling down on his comments, Mr Verhofstadt added in a later tweet: "Brexit made Britain poorer, Europe weaker… and worst of all, it made liberal democracy’s enemies happier!" "An unforgivable mistake… but a great democracy like Britain’s can always turn around and fix its mistakes." But the European Parliament's former Brexit coordinator has been accused of going "too far" with his remarks. Theresa May's ex-chief of staff Gavin Barwell said: "Putin will certainly have celebrated Brexit because it was bound to distract the UK and EU for a few years and create some rancour between them, but as usual Verhofstadt goes too far - Putin invaded Crimea in 2014 when the UK was still in the EU." Nile Gardiner, director of the Margaret Thatcher Center for Freedom at The Heritage Foundation, said Mr Verhofstadt’s comments were “monumentally stupid”.  “Brexit Britain has actually been the biggest opponent of Putin's Russia,” he said. “The UK has always stood up to Moscow while the EU has shamelessly appeased the Russians.” Gavin Barwell, who was Theresa May's chief of staff when she was prime minister in the first years of the Brexit negotiations, said: “Putin will certainly have celebrated Brexit because it was bound to distract the UK and EU for a few years and create some rancour between them, but as usual Verhofstadt goes too far - Putin invaded Crimea in 2014 when the UK was still in the EU.” Mr Verhofstadt also said it was his "dream" for Britain to rejoin Brussels, along with war-torn Ukraine. It comes after he tweeted on Monday on the third anniversary of the UK's official exit from the EU that he wanted Britain to be back in the bloc's fold in just five years. He told LBC: "My dream was that I transmitted in a tweet yesterday was to say, let's hope that Britain can rejoin and let's hope that Ukraine can join and why not within five years? "Maybe it's a little bit optimistic concerning the UK, but my feeling is when the last time when I was in London, that for the first time in the public opinion in Britain, people understand that Brexit was a wrong choice and that it has done a lot of damage to Europe and certainly to the UK." But Mr Verhofstadt was slapped down by Tory MP Lee Anderson. Mr Anderson said: "I also had a dream that 17.4 million voted to leave the EU and with your childish petty behaviour over the past few years we have proven to be right. "Stop this divisive politics, we're out!" 