Chelsea head coach Graham Potter produced a foul-mouthed reaction to Kai Havertz conceding a penalty in their nightmare first half against Manchester City on Sunday. The Blues were 3-0 down at half-time in the FA Cup third round, and TV cameras spotted Potter summing up his mood in an X-rated fashion. Chelsea faced a daunting task to start their hunt for a ninth FA Cup against the tournament favourites at the Etihad Stadium. Potter seemingly decided to prioritise the Premier League, naming a heavily rotated side against Pep Guardiola's all-star squad. Man City's class didn't take long to shine through with Riyad Mahrez's stunning 23rd-minute free-kick. And just six minutes later, Havertz didn't help the visitors' cause by conceding an avoidable penalty with a high arm from the hosts' corner. After BBC showed the VAR replays, the camera cut to Potter watching the footage himself on a small screen in the Chelsea dugout. Once he had seen the clear-cut handball from Havertz, the Blues boss turned away in disgust before murmuring 'for f**k sake' in frustration. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Julian Alvarez slotted the spot-kick home before Phil Foden rounded off a sensational City move to make it three before the break. Potter dragged Havertz off at half-time, a further indicator that he wasn't best pleased with his first-choice striker's display. Chelsea are enduring a dismal run under Potter, winning just two of their last eight games in all competitions against AFC Bournemouth and Dinamo Zagreb. If City continue in the same ruthless vein in the FA Cup clash, the Blues will have lost six of their last nine outings. DON'T MISS: Brooklyn Beckham congratulates Romeo as he signs for football team And sitting 10th in the Premier League, Potter faces a huge challenge to steer the ship away from a calamitous maiden campaign. The former Brighton and Hove Albion manager has welcomed three recruits to his Chelsea squad already this month. David Datro Fofana and Andrey Santos have joined as players for the future, while Benoit Badiashile has completed a £35million switch from AS Monaco. The 21-year-old centre-back joined Fofana on the Blues' bench for the FA Cup clash, with the latter entering the pitch for Havertz as one of two much-needed half-time changes. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here