King Charles is determined to have his son, Harry, attend his coronation in May. Courtiers are figuring out how to bring the Duke and Duchess back into the royal fold in a "low profile" capacity for his big day, according to sources, though tension remains high with his brother, Prince William. Harry has been critical of William in his tell-all memoir, Spare. At one point, the Duke accuses his brother of physically attacking him. Harry also portrays William's wife, Kate, in an unflattering light, revealing tense moments between Meghan and the Princess of Wales. His stepmother, Camilla, Queen Consort, is not spared from the firing line either, calling her a "villain" who leaked stories to the press. Sources close to William say trust may be irreparably broken between Harry and his brother. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry out for 'revenge' as he releases new 24-page document with Meghan However, Charles believes that as a family they have to move on and that the royal family come together on the eve of the coronation. Official invites to the ceremony at Westminster Abbey, which will take place on Saturday, May 6, are yet to be sent out, but sources close to Charles told Vanity Fair that he is likely to invite Harry and Meghan “because it is the right thing to do and will hopefully pave the way for peace”. “Charles is a forgiving person by nature, and he wants to move on,” says another. DON'T MISSRon DeSantis to run for President as he builds up team [INSIGHT]Tyre Nichols' mother speaks out after police killing [LATEST]Student, 23, killed after being hit by police car [REPORT] “Whatever has been said and done, Harry is still his son and he loves him. He also cannot imagine being crowned, the most important moment of his life, without both his sons witnessing the moment.” Not everyone welcomes the prospect of Harry attending his father's coronation. Royal commentator Angela Levin believes granting Harry all-access to the coronation is too risky.  READ MORE: Prince Harry branded Meghan's 'third child' as experts poke fun at Duke's antics She opined: "The papers will want to talk about what they are doing so it will spoil it. "This is King Charles' day." Prince Harry has been tipped to skip King Charles's coronation after two US broadcasters allegedly approached the Duke of Sussex to commentate on the ceremony. The Duke's potential coronation role was first tipped in the Sunday Express a few weeks back where it was revealed TV companies were attempting to lure him to join their media teams. Speaking on behalf of Spin Genie, royal commentator Charles Rae said: "There are also rumours that Harry has been offered a lot of money by two broadcasters to commentate on the Coronation. "Of course, if they came their presence would undoubtedly take the shine away from Charles and Camilla on what should be a fantastic celebration - not only for them, but the country. "Clearly the focus would be on them and not the newly crowned King and Queen Consort.”