Eddie Hearn claims that Anthony Joshua could face Tyson Fury in the summer despite their recent breakdown in negotiations. The Gypsy King has affirmed that he is no longer interested in the all-British clash after two failed attempts to make it happen, but Hearn insists that it remains a possibility for this year. Joshua is expected to box three times in 2023 as he rebuilds himself from back-to-back losses to Oleksandr Usyk. According to Hearn, AJ will fight in April, July, and December against varying levels of competition. In April, Joshua is touted to face what Hearn describes as a ‘credible top 15 opponent’ with Otto Wallin, Filip Hrgovic, Jermaine Franklin, and Zhang Zhilei believed to be the frontrunners. In an ideal world, this will then be followed by a rematch against Dillian Whyte in the summer and a big fight versus either Deontay Wilder or Fury to round off the year. However, Hearn doesn’t rule out the possibility of the latter being moved forwards to July. Speaking to iFL TV, he said: "AJ wants a big fight in the summer. So, the one which would make sense, the one which should be hopefully straight forward to make is the rematch with Dillian Whyte. "We're open to a Deontay Wilder fight, we're open to a Tyson Fury fight, we're open to every fight in the summer. "But yet, in my mind with AJ fighting in April and probably Dillian fighting around the same time, that would lead them to a big all-British heavyweight fight in the summer. Doesn't mean it's done, we've still got to agree terms with both fighters, but that's what I'd like to do. "However, AJ knows he wants to be in the biggest fights possible and if a bigger fight rears its head, and there's only two bigger fights in the division than Dillian Whyte, and that's Tyson Fury and Deontay Wilder. And if they appear, somehow, 100 per cent willing to look at those as well." Fury is currently in negotiations with Usyk to stage the first undisputed heavyweight unification contest of the four-belt era at some point between February 18 and March 4. Following his victory over Derek Chisora last month, the Mancunian emphatically ruled out any further attempts to make the Joshua fight happen and will likely not be available for the rest of the year with a rematch clause expected to be signed into the Usyk contract.