  Yorkshire Shepherdess Amanda Owen, 48, has described how she and husband Clive Owen, 68, are still “working together” despite deciding to file for divorce last year. The Our Yorkshire Farm stars share nine children together on a farm in Ravenseat, located in Upper Swaledale, North Yorkshire.      The famous Channel 5 couple announced they were going their separate ways back in June. However, Amanda has made it clear that they will continue to put on a unified front in order to do right by their children and the farm they share. “People assume that because I’m separated from my husband, Clive, things are harder, but in fact it’s the opposite,” Amanda wrote in a new article. “We have two farms that are basically next door to each other, so it’s close enough for it to be useful, but far enough for us to have space. READ MORE: This Morning host Phillip Schofield bids farewell after family holiday     “Whatever our personal situation, there’s a farm to run and nine children to look after so we’re just working together, making it happen,” she told the Times. Amanda and Clive met in 1996, married in 2000 and went on to have nine children ranging between the ages of 21 to six years old before finally deciding to call it quits. The family has starred in multiple television shows, becoming TV favourites thanks to Channel 5’s Our Yorkshire Farm, which aired in 2018. Last year, Amanda took to Instagram to share the news of her and Clive’s separation after 20 years of marriage.      “Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate,” she wrote. “This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family. “Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, without number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children. “We would like to thank everyone for their support and would ask that the media please respect our privacy as we work through this difficult time. Amanda & Clive Owen.” READ MORE... Cliff Richard's agony as friend who lived with him for 30 years dies [UPDATE] Kelly Osbourne fumes as mum Sharon unveils newborn son's name [LATEST] Carol Vorderman shares rare family insight in outing with son Cameron [NEWS]    Amanda developed a love of the great outdoors from an early age, despite being a “townie” by birth. She grew up in suburban Huddersfield and was “unremarkable” at school, by her own admission, but the nature lover always knew she wanted to be a hill shepherdess. When asked in an interview by The Guardian last year whether there were many teenagers in Huddersfield in the late 1980s who dreamed of farming, she confirmed that she was quite unusual. “No,” Amanda said, “There was an element of rebellion, I suppose.”       “It’s quite hard to rebel: you had the 80s, when you could do punk, and, in my time, it was being a goth. “But when everybody’s doing it, it doesn’t really make that much of a statement. “So I guess it was a way of ruffling a few feathers and upsetting everybody,” she continued. “Head off, go and live in a caravan in a farmyard somewhere and become a shepherd! So that’s what I did.”   