On Tuesday, beloved radio broadcaster Ken Bruce decided it was time to leave his BBC show after 31 years. The 71-year-old confirmed he would leave the broadcaster to move to rival Greatest Hits Radio station. Many fans were left gutted by his decision, and have even threatened to boycott the BBC. New reports suggest Ken's decision to leave was because of his age. A source has claimed Ken turned down a new contract after becoming concerned about the BBC's drive for "younger talent". “He’s had an incredible time working there and is so grateful for the loyalty of all his listeners," the unknown source said. “But in recent years, there’s been a noticeable shift in direction, with a drive to attract a younger audience. “The music has become edgier and more modern and the DJs seemingly ever-younger, which is a bit concerning for the old guard." READ MORE: Ken Bruce quits BBC Radio 2 after 31 years  The source added to The Sun: “Ken is still hugely ambitious and the BBC actually offered him a new deal. “But after some months of negotiations, he decided the time was right for new opportunities." Ken joined the BBC as a staff presenter on BBC Radio Scotland. He landed his first regular slot on Radio 2 on the Saturday Late Show in 1984.  Soon after, he replaced Terry Wogan by fronting the Radio 2 Breakfast Show. Fans also fondly know Ken as he has presented coverage of Eurovision since 1988. Following the news, fans have expressed their sadness on social media, with many pleading for Ken to change his mind. Alice Wright wrote: "I'm not sure I can cope with Ken Bruce leaving Radio 2. I'm still mourning Steve Wright. This is all too much. I just want my favourite radio people to be on my radio." DON'T MISS...James May having 'difficult time' following Grand Tour 'axe' [INSIGHT]ITV viewers 'switch off' minutes into John Bishop's show  [REACTION]Here's where the original Keeping Up Appearances cast is now [CAST] Peter Beresford tweeted: "I shall miss Ken Bruce from BBC Radio 2. "You'd think they'd realise they have a jewel there who captures the audience and makes fun for people, come back Ken, nothing to forgive!!!!" (sic) "@BBCRadio2 it's such a shame that Ken Bruce is leaving radio two, now wouldn't it be a good idea to give that slot to Steve Wright?" Bridget Sparks suggested. While @Wolfonabridge added: "I agree Ken Bruce was the only program l listened to and the programs on BBC TV are getting less and less." The BBC are yet to announce who will replace Ken's slot, although, many have suggested it could be Rylan Clark. A BBC Radio 2 spokesperson has since responded to the claims and said in a statement to Express.co.uk: “Ken explained his reasons for leaving Radio 2 in his quote and on air. "We respect his decision and wish him the very best of luck in the future as he’s been a much-loved part of the Radio 2 family. "Radio 2 is hugely proud of having a range of presenters from their 30s to 80 years old on the station, an age range which hasn’t changed in decades, in fact, Ken Bruce started presenting on Radio 2 at the age of 32. "Radio 2 will continue to be a multi-generational radio station that serves a 35+ audience with listeners tuning in each week to our brilliant range of programmes, hosted by some of the UK’s best-loved presenters "We continue to play a wide variety of the best music from the past seven decades, including the 60s and 70s.” 