A student has racked up £7,000 of veterinary bills only to be told their cat is just "weird". Abigail Laker was worried that her cat was suffering from a rare breathing condition and spent four figures only to be told her beloved pet was "just a bit weird". Abigail, from Greater Manchester, first fell in love with her cat when she met him last year. Later naming him Moose, she become concerned when a vet told her he had an unusual breathing pattern after he was spayed. The vet didn't carry out any further procedures in case there was an underlying health issue causing the strange breathing. When the condition didn't subside, Abigale began to fear her cat was in mortal danger. Months went by, but eventually, Abigail found out there was nothing wrong with MOOSE. She told the Mirror: "A specialist vet ended up diagnosing Moose, be basically told me that Moose is just a bit weird. Which was relief, but it did cost £7,000 for them to find that out."She added: "He said they have done every test they can and Moose's breathing is nothing to do with her heart or lungs and it's probably just behavioural. "It was a strange response beut he said that she has decided seh wants to be a cat who pants." Despite the cost, Abigail said the bills were worth every penny. She explained: "It's definitely typical of her to be that dramatic and to have to spend £7,000 in bills, but all worth it to know she's okay. "I've also always had dogs, and dogs pant, so I didn't think it was a weird thing until the vet asked me to keep track of it and that's when I noticed how much she did it." Abigail said her cat "has a crazy personality anyway, and I think that's a part of it." The student said her mind was finally at rest knowing Moose was ok. She said now she knew it was nothing serious that she could "relax about it all". "It's just typical dramatic Moose...she has to be the centre of attention" added Abigail. Going forward, the hope is that Abigail and Moose can continue enjoying their next adventures together.