Taxes are a certainty, however, people will be looking to pay as little as legally possible, to keep more of their earnings. However, a tax crisis may be on the horizon for certain parents due to a salary boost. While many people are likely to celebrate a raise in their pay, it could end up being detrimental for some. Experts have warned parents with three young children now face losing almost £14,000 in Government support towards childcare if their earnings take them over £100,000. First, these individuals will lose their entitlement to tax-free childcare - offering up to £2,000 per year for each child up to the age of 11 for childcare costs. For parents of three, this would work out as a loss of £6,000 per year in total if earnings were to breach £100,000. READ MORE: Pensioners eligible for up to £600 boost - but only until this week However, the parents would face a double  blow related to the idea of free childcare. Parents of three and four-year-olds in England are entitled to 30 hours a week of free childcare during term time, up to the threshold of £100,000. After this point, the entitlement is halved to 15 hours. Experts at AJ Bell have said those with two children entitled to the 30 hours in London would lose out on almost £8,000 per year. DON'T MISSOver 500,000 people set to miss out on state pension boost in 2023 [INSIGHT]Britons could get £55,000 in state pension for just £8,000 [UPDATE]Barclays warning after woman’s savings hit by dangerous scam [WARNING] With income tax, National Insurance, student loan repayments and the personal allowance taper, a simple £1 pay rise taking a person over £100,000 may result in an effective tax rate of 1,395,221 percent. A personal allowance goes down by £1 for every £2 an adjusted net income is above £100,000. It means an allowance is zero if one’s income is £125,140 or above. Laura Suter, head of personal finance at AJ Bell, said: “While it’s a decent salary, £100,000 is rapidly becoming the most brutal earnings threshold to cross, particularly for parents. READ MORE: State pensioners with joint pain could be due up to £369 each month “Not only are you subject to the personal allowance taper but you also lose tax-free childcare and your entitlement to an additional 15 hours of free childcare. “The ridiculous tax system in this country is laid bare by examples like these, where someone who goes £1 over a certain threshold ends up losing thousands of pounds in Government support. “The tragic thing is that many parents won’t be aware that they have fallen foul of the rules until the taxman comes knocking, landing them with a tax bill for thousands. “Many people’s salaries are also unpredictable, meaning that a particularly good bonus or commission, or a bit of overtime, might just tip them over the threshold without them realising it. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “It means that rather than celebrating a salary boost they are left with a tax headache whereby they have to repay money they weren’t eligible for.” However, the expert urges people in this predicament to turn towards their pension, which she describes as a “lifeline”. Ms Suter added: “The taxman considers your salary after pension contributions when looking at these thresholds. “It means if you think you’re going to tip over the £100,000 mark you can put a bit more in your pension so that you don’t lose your entitlement to tax-free childcare or the free childcare hours. “People who are self-employed through their own business may want to consider whether they pay themselves a lower salary so they stay under the threshold, if that’s financially practical.”