The building society will automatically add up to 0.50 percent to its existing variable rate savings accounts. This means customers will get at least a 2.55 percent rate on their savings, with the minimum rate for on sale accounts also increasing to 2.55 percent. All accounts which qualify for the uprating will move to the higher interest rate automatically from January 17. The boosted rate will be passed on to most customers with a member loyalty savings account with the building society. Chris Irwin, director of savings at Yorkshire Building Society, said: “Our decision today to make further increases to our accounts continues to reflect our mutual ethos of putting our members first. “Increasing rates by up to 0.50 percent on both our on-sale accounts and nearly all of our existing variable rate savings book, including the majority of our member loyalty savings accounts - continues to reflect our purpose of supporting our savers. “Passing the bank rate increases on to our savers also demonstrates our commitment to delivering value to our members.   READ MORE: Santander scam warning as 'convincing' letter threatens woman with missed payment fees “We try very hard to offer our members competitive rates on their savings, maintaining an average interest rate on our accounts which has been consistently higher than the market to reward their loyalty and in turn support their financial resilience in the current financial climate.” Rachel Springall, finance expert at moneyfacts.co.uk, said the interest rates increase was good news and savers with other banks may want to consider switching as a result. She commented: “It’s great news to see such a trusted brand support its savers. Those savers with their money saved elsewhere and are comparing their existing accounts may not have seen much benefit from their loyalty and could therefore find a better return with Yorkshire Building Society. "As we have seen before savings providers do not always pass on every base rate rise, so going back and comparing accounts is vital.” The change comes after the Bank of England last month increased the base interest rate again, to 3.5 percent. The central bank continually raised the base rate last year in efforts to tackle soaring inflation, with analysts expecting the base rate to continue to rise.  The Consumer Price Index measure for inflation was 10.7 percent for the month of November. Inflation has dipped from the 41-year high it reached in October but analysts are predicting it will stay high for months to come, meaning more interest rate hikes could be on the way. The next Bank of England announcement about interest rates is due on Thursday, February 2. Neville Burdock, head of Sportsbook at Sporting Index, said he believes the base rate will reach as high as 4.75 percent.  He explained: “Although the Bank of England was split in its decision to raise interest rates to 3.5 percent, we expect rates to rise further next year in an effort to curb inflation, and our prediction has them reaching a high of 4.75 percent. “Despite a small dip in the rate of inflation in November, we don’t think we’ve seen the short-term peak and expect inflation to reach 12 percent in the new year, which would eclipse anything we’ve seen in 2022.”  Some high street banks have passed on the interest rate increases to their customers, such as Nationwide Building Society, Chase and Yorkshire Building Society. But savers should be aware that with soaring prices for energy bills and other essentials, the value of their savings may be decreasing. Some high street banks have passed on the interest rate increases to their customers, such as Nationwide Building Society, Chase and Yorkshire Building Society.  Sarah Coles, a personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, spoke previously about why now is a good time to be saving despite the looming threat of recession. She explained: “On paper, a rate rise is good for savers. We’re likely to see easy access rates continue to inch up. “At the moment, you can make up to three percent on your savings if you’re prepared to accept restrictions, and we can expect accounts to start offering the same rate with more flexibility as we get towards the end of the year. “The high street banks increased rates on their branch-based easy access accounts very fractionally at the start of the month, and they may do so again. However, they’re still likely to be offering a fraction of one percent, so if you’re tied to them by loyalty or inertia, this will cost you dear.” 