Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has refused to rule out the possibility of a touchline clash with Mikel Arteta when Arsenal travel to the Etihad Stadium in the FA Cup on Friday evening. The defending Premier League champions will go up against the current table-toppers for a place in the fifth round of the tournament, with the fixture set to see Arteta face his managerial mentor for the seventh time. Arteta has been slammed by some observers as a result of his touchline antics in recent weeks, with former Sky Sports presenter Richard Keys having been one of the Arsenal manager's biggest critics over the last few months. Guardiola has since weighed in on the topic by insisting that he will not be shying away from any possible touchline confrontations with the 40-year-old if they arise on Friday."Anything can happen on the touchline in the moments of the game," said the City boss. "I taught him a few things, but this, it comes from himself, his mum and dad, his character and that was already there."I know Mikel and I had the feeling, during the time we worked together, that what he's doing, it's not fake, it's him. When we were in a training session and a game, he was always complaining about referees and that was as an assistant coach. It is what it is. JUST IN: Australian Open chiefs told to ban Novak Djokovic's dad by Ukrainians "So after that, I'm not a judge, everyone is everyone and sometimes I behave as well in this way. If we're going to fight on the touchline, it's going to happen sooner or later I guess, but it won't change the respect."Guardiola went on to explain that he now sees Arteta as a major rival in spite of their long-lasting friendship, which has remained from the latter's time at City before taking charge of Arsenal back in 2019."He's a rival, of course he is," added Guardiola. "Tomorrow he wants to beat me and I want to beat him. I know how we both are and in defeat we are not the best friends in the world. "I have a huge respect for him as a person, as a manager. That's not going to change if we're going to fight on the touchline. Sooner or later it’s going to happen, I guess, but when that is going to happen, it’s not going to change the respect I have or anything."Arteta, meanwhile, insisted earlier this month that he is willing to improve his conduct during matches after he was booked during his side's win over Manchester United on the weekend. He told the Arsenal website: "I focus on things I can do better, for sure, there are things I can do better and let the referees take the game and be in charge of that."I need to look at myself in the mirror sometimes and try to find the right balance. I love the game, I am very passionate about it and I love to win more than anything else and that’s the way I live the match. But again, if there is something you can do better, you can at least try that." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.