The Late Show host praised the autobiography as a “very intimate memoir” and “very good read by itself”. He continued by saying: “[There have been] a lot of sensational leaks in the days coming up to this, I know that you yourself are a very private person for being a public figure.     “You are revealing a lot of things in here. It must be on a certain level, kind of nerve-wracking to be out there to represent the book publicly and physically.” In an effort to create a jovial atmosphere, the host then asked the Duke of Sussex if he “would like a cocktail before we begin?” The father of two eagerly replied, “yes please” and Mr Colbert then poured two glasses of neat Tequila on ice with extra limes “to keep away the scurvy”, the host joked.  The royal then asked the front row members of the audience if they wanted a drink too, which prompted Colbert to say: “They’re already on your side man, you don’t have to get them drunk”. The television audience certainly appeared to be on the duke’s side as they could be heard cheering “Harry! Harry! Harry!”. The prince addressed the backlash to the book caused by the “sensational leaks” in the press ahead of its release. READ MORE: Prince Harry dubbed 'Lord of the Gingers' by US talk show host He told Colbert: “The last few days have been very hurtful and challenging, not being able to do anything about those leaks that you referred to. "Without doubt the most dangerous lie that they have told is that I somehow boasted about the number of people I killed in Afghanistan." Harry once again bashed the press for manipulating his words but taking them out of the context of the book in order to create conflict. DON'T MISS:Brexiteer lists three key benefits of UK's exit from EU  (REVEAL)Top 20 steps Brits take to boost immune system - like colon irrigation (INSIGHT)Should UK adopt an insurance-based health system? – YOU VOTED (POLL) He said the spin on his words is “very dangerous” and that the words he used, especially in relation to his comments on the Taliban were not dangerous without the manipulation. The Duke of Sussex added: “It’s a lie, and hopefully now the book it out, people will be able to see the context and it is really troubling and very disturbing that they [the press] can get away with it because they had the context. “They have the whole section, they ripped it away and said ‘here it is’”.