Fernando Alonso's expectations have been ‘exceeded’ after being given a gift worth £250,000 by his Aston Martin bosses. Alonso will drive for Aston Martin’s Formula 1 setup for the 2023 season after leaving Alpine at the end of the last campaign. Heading into his 22nd F1 season, the Spanish star joined Aston Martin officially on January 1. And in doing so, the two-time world champion was given an impressive joining present, after being gifted a DBX 707, the car company's luxury SUV. Alonso’s new wheels contain a four litre twin-turbo Mercedes V8 and boasts 700bhp with a top speed of 196mph. After being given his new look company car, the 41-year-old was quick to share it to his 3.3 million followers on Twitter. Sharing a picture of his new car, the Spaniard tweeted: “Expectations were exceeded . Dream car. The signing of Alonso has been a big one for Aston Martin, with the racer regarded as a legend of the sport. JUST IN: Mercedes and Red Bull accused of exploiting F1 budget cap loophole And ahead of the Spanish star’s debut campaign in 2023, his new boss - and Aston Martin team principal - Mike Krack revealed Alonso has ‘ignited a spark within his team'. Speaking at the end of last season, Krack said: “If you have someone with this passion and drive to win, I think it has an impact on the team, and we could clearly see that. "Everybody was really happy to have this guy in the car last Tuesday, so I think he ignited another spark that, from his own passion and desire to win, onto the team." Alonso himself is also looking forward to getting going for his new team. DON'T MISSToto Wolff twists knife into Red Bull after 'unfair' punishmentF1 team boss hits out at FIA over Red Bull budget cap penaltyFIA urged to change F1 rules after Christian Horner's admission  After getting behind the wheel of his team’s car during post-season training, the Spaniard revealed he is feeling much more confident then when he had signed for Aston Martin last summer. He commented: “I was 90 percent happy, [then] when they started improving and they finished the season on a high I was 100 percent. This morning, I was 100 percent plus. The feeling that I have today in the garage with the guys and the potential of the team, the talent that I see in the engineering room here is outstanding. So, I am really, really happy."