Atletico Madrid are ‘waiting for the final movement’ from Manchester United as they look to sign Joao Felix, according to reports. The Portugal international will be allowed to leave the La Liga giants on loan this winter, just three-and-a-half years after his £114million move to Spain. Arsenal and Chelsea have also shown interest in the attacker though the Red Devils’ need is arguably greatest… Manchester United want a new striker to replace Cristiano Ronaldo, who was cut loose by the club at the end of last year following a bombshell interview with Piers Morgan. And Felix is one name who keeps being linked with a move to Old Trafford, with the Atletico star poised to leave on loan in January. United previously eyed the Portugal international back in 2019, only to miss out to Atletico at a time where the forward was playing for Benfica. In recent days, it’s emerged the fallen giants have concerns over Atletico’s demands for the youngster - with Diego Simeone’s side wanting around £18m for any loan deal. Now, according to Marca, the La Liga side are ‘waiting for the final movement from United’ when it comes to Felix. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big It’s stated they are yet to receive a concrete offer for the 23-year-old, who has scored four goals and clocked up three assists from 13 league matches so far this season. Felix is unhappy with life under Simeone and wants his agent, Jorge Mendes, to secure him a move away this winter. Felix was on target as Atletico beat Benfica 2-0 over the weekend - but was still hooked in the closing stages. The report says he reacted to fans with ‘coldness’ in the aftermath and Atletico are anticipating both United and Arsenal to bid for the player. The next few days are described as ‘key’ and it’ll be interesting to see if Felix gets his wish of a January move away. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Should United end up winning the race for the Portugal international, he’ll become the latest player from that area of the world to move to Old Trafford. Ronaldo was the first, with the 37-year-old winning three Premier League titles and the Champions League during his stint at the club. He also bagged 24 goals across all competitions for the Red Devils as they toiled under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. In 2007, United recruited Nani from Sporting Lisbon. And though the forward often blew hot and cold at Old Trafford, he still played a key role as the club won four league titles under Sir Alex Ferguson. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here In 2018, Jose Mourinho brought in Diogo Dalot from Porto - tipping him to be Gary Neville’s long-term heir. And United raided Sporting for Bruno Fernandes in January 2020, with the playmaker becoming a hit at the club ever since. While United want Felix, however, former defender Paul Parker thinks they’re better off signing Aleksandar Mitrovic instead. “I can definitely understand why Man Utd would want Joao Felix and I think he is a great player. But I have a tough time seeing him fitting into Man Utd’s team,” Parker told BonusCodeBets. “He was great against Switzerland in the World Cup and in that game, we saw the old Joao Felix. “I would like him in the club, but I don’t see him as a centre forward and that is what Man Utd needs more than anything at the moment.” He added: “I really think that Aleksandar Mitrovic could be a very good signing for Man United. When you have him on your team you can put the ball into the box at any time and he will most likely score a goal. “He has improved discipline wise and he really knows how to get into defenders’ heads. I can really see him being an important player for Man Utd. “But it’s going to be expensive. Fulham loves him and they will not let him go for peanuts because he is so important for them. If he is not on the pitch they have 70% less chance of scoring.” “For instance, if Fulham plays against Man Utd and he is on the pitch for Fulham, I don’t believe that Man Utd will win that game.”