Michael Bisping has advised Paddy Pimblett to "humble himself" as he continues his meteoric UFC rise with his recent win. Pimblett defeated Jared Gordon on the co-main event at UFC 282, albeit coming in controversial fashion, with many of the belief that he should have lose the fight on the judges decision. But nevertheless, he remains undefeated in the UFC with four wins from four. After being given the fight by decision, Pimblett told Joe Rogan that he did not think it was a close fight, claiming to have won the first two rounds and admittedly taken the third round off, before asking fans if he deserved fight of the night - on a card which saw seven knockouts. All this came just days after Pimblett was criticised by his own fans after calling him 'a little rodent' and accusing him of earning money from fighters, whilst brandishing him a 'biased content creator' and 'not a journalist. Pimblett would go on to make claims that Helwani asked him to drop interviews which he had to do one with him, before the MMA reporter played voice clips of Pimblett seemingly asking Helwani to do an interview, before asking to be paid afterwards. Pimblett has also regularly claimed that other fighters in the promotion use his name to gain clout, with the Liverpudlian not needing to name names to do so. But Bisping has told Pimblett that he must remain humble, and should focus on his promising career. Speaking on his podcast, he said: "I think what Paddy needs to do is just humble himself a little bit. Stop with this ‘I’m the new cash cow’ s****. When I asked him who would he want to fight next, ‘I don’t need to say anyone’s name because I am the man. I’m the boy, I’m the cash cow.’ And you’re yet to fight someone ranked. "When you’re dominating people, it’s all well and good. When you’re scraping by a victory, it doesn’t have the same effect, and it starts to rub people off the wrong way. Nobody in the top ten, certainly in the top five, needs Paddy to give them a rub. Dustin Poirier, Islam Makhachev, Charles Oliveira, these are household names in mixed martial arts. "They don’t need Paddy to say their name to get a few Instagram followers. The whole ‘pay me for interviews’ thing, I think that left a bad taste in people’s mouths. Again, I’m not hating. I’m just being honest in what I saw.”  Pimblett could now well be in line to fight a ranked opponent after his recent win, but it remains to be seen who he will face or when he will be back in the octagon. The Liverpudlian suffered an ankle injury in the win over Gordon and could be sidelined for several months. One man who he could face is rival Ilia Topuria, who secured a huge win on the same card as Pimblett, when he beat undefeated fighter Bryce Mitchell in dominant fashion