Chelsea believe Liverpool are in ‘pole position’ to sign Borussia Dortmund and England starlet Jude Bellingham, according to reports. Bellingham will be the most in-demand player in the summer transfer window, with several Premier League clubs courting his signature. Dortmund could relinquish their star midfielder at the end of the season. The 19-year-old is due to hold talks over his future with the Bundesliga club’s hierarchy in the coming weeks. Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester City and Manchester United have all been linked. However, it is Liverpool who are believed to have completed most of the groundwork ahead of a potential transfer in six months’ time. The Reds need to improve their midfield, with Jurgen Klopp’s current options struggle to repeat the energetic performances of years gone by. Bellingham is seen as Klopp’s top target. JUST IN: Enzo Fernandez to Chelsea 'really advanced' with Blues on cusp of deal Premier League rivals Chelsea will not give up on Bellingham but are aware that Liverpool are in ‘pole position’ to bring the talented teenager back to England, according to The Athletic. Chelsea are far likelier to sign Benfica starlet Enzo Fernandez, who shone at the World Cup for winners Argentina. Fernandez has a £105million release clause in his contract, a similar price to the one that will prise Bellingham away from Dortmund. However, Chelsea reportedly feel they have a chance of negotiating down the fee as Benfica were apparently taken aback by their most recent offer. Clubs should soon find out whether Bellingham will be available in the summer. The former Birmingham ace, who has scored nine goals across all competitions this season, was due to have talks with Dortmund after the World Cup. DON'T MISS...Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd plot Raphinha move, Chelsea medical todayBest XI of players Man Utd and co can sign on pre-contract agreementsFive players Chelsea could snap up for bargain fees in January CEO Hans Joachim-Watzke said in November: “I think as soon as Qatar is over, we’re going to have a basic conversation about what he actually wants. With him, with his parents, with whom we have a very close relationship, and of course with his advisor. “And then he should just tell us whether he wants to stay or whether he wants to go. Either way, we’ll discuss it pleasantly and reasonably. “But we don’t have to pretend that the topic isn’t on the table. When the really big ones are there, we can’t afford to fight financially either. Jude is a wonderful boy who also has his fluctuations – we’ve seen that now but he is certainly one of the greatest talents in European football.” Chelsea and Liverpool are both expected to improve their midfields in 2023. The Blues will have a busy January despite spending a record £280m in the summer.