Each person is treated based on their need, rather than their ability to pay – this is the fundamental principle of the NHS and it should always remain this way. But the world has changed a lot in the last 75 years and the NHS is facing significant challenges - the huge backlogs left by the pandemic, an aging population, the rising number of patients with multiple, complex conditions, and worsening winter pressures including flu and Covid. These are not unique and a lot of nations are facing similar pressures on their healthcare systems. There is no easy, quick fix but we are starting by tackling the immediate challenges: relieving A&E pressures, improving access to GP appointments, boosting the workforce numbers, tackling the Covid backlog, and harnessing technology to improve patients’ experiences and free up clinician time to focus on care. Tomorrow the NHS and government will publish an Urgent and Emergency Care Plan outlining action to improve waiting times and reduce pressure on emergency services to get services back on track. This includes expanding community services to treat more people outside of hospital, such as fall and frailty teams that connect hospital expertise with emergency services, using technology to monitor patients from the comfort of their own homes. It will also include expanding high-tech hospital-at-home schemes which allow clinicians to care for patients remotely, reducing pressure on hospitals, improving patient outcomes, and providing people with greater control over their care. It follows our investment of up to £250 million to block book beds in the community where patients can be safely discharged while they continue their recovery, freeing up hospital beds for those most in need and unblocking delays in handing patients over from ambulances. This is on top of £500 million announced last year to speed up the safe discharge of patients. Next, I know people are still struggling to see their GP, which is why we have set an expectation that patients who need a GP appointment within two weeks can get one, with urgent cases being seen the same day. Access to general practice is improving with 90,000 more appointments every working day compared to 2021, but I know there is more to do and we will publish a primary care recovery plan to ensure everyone can access the care they need when they need it. Of course, in order to improve services we need to have the right staff in place. While we have record numbers of staff working in the NHS, demand for healthcare services continues to grow. That’s why we will be publishing a comprehensive workforce strategy this year to help recruit and retain more staff, with independently verified forecasts for the number of professionals that will be needed in the coming years. Finally, I want an NHS where patients are in control, with as much choice as possible. We are giving patients more information and data, allowing them to make more informed choices and hold services to account. I want the NHS App to act as a digital front door for patients to access healthcare services from home, including checking health records and viewing and managing hospital appointments. It is also time to modernise 111, which has moved on from the GP out-of-hours service it was originally designed to cover. Technology holds even more potential to improve the way we treat patients and cutting-edge artificial intelligence is revolutionising the way we can deliver care. We’re at the forefront of these breakthroughs with our AI awards, which aim to accelerate the testing and evaluation of the most promising AI technologies.  Some of the winners of this funding are already showing huge promise, such as Brainomix e-Stroke system which can deliver faster, more accurate diagnoses for strokes, shaving lifesaving minutes off one of the most time-sensitive diagnoses in medicine. We’re also harnessing the spirit of innovation used to develop the first Covid vaccines to springboard research initiatives in the UK - including cementing our partnership with BioNtech to bolster research into cancer. This is putting us one step closer to creating a cancer vaccine which would lead to targeted, personalised, and precision treatment for patients from as early as September. Our focus on tackling these immediate pressures is backed by up to £14.1 billion in funding available for health and social care services over the next two years. While the NHS undoubtedly faces huge challenges, as do health systems across the UK and around the world after the pandemic, we have a clear plan to cut waiting times and put services on a sustainable footing so future generations can continue to rely on world-class care for years to come.