There is "no denying" the UK's tank deal with Ukraine "weakens" Britain's Armed Forces, the army's top general has warned. General Sir Patrick Sanders made the comments in an internal video message to the British Army, according to Sky News. It has been suggested his remarks were designed to put pressure on the Treasury to commit more funding to defence.   He said: "Giving away these capabilities will leave us temporarily weaker as an army, there is no denying it. "But ensuring Russia's defeat in Ukraine makes us safer and, as a leading member of NATO, the world's most powerful defensive alliance, we are protected by the principle of collective defence." General Sanders added: "There is no doubt that our choice will impact on our ability to mobilise the army against the acute and enduring threat Russia presents and meet our NATO obligations. "Our tank crews and gunners will feel the impact the most, but the decision also brings the opportunity to accelerate the modernisation and transformation of the army ahead of Russia." JUST IN: Met Police chief inspector found dead at home was facing charges over child abuse images   However, he also claimed there was "no better cause" for British tanks and guns to be "put to good use". General Sanders explained: "It is vital that we restore and enhance the army's warfighting capability at pace to reinforce our combat credibility and retain our position as the leading European ally in NATO. "To that end, I am also determined that we do our utmost to maintain the currency and competency of those affected by our decision to gift these platforms. "The Government is committed to a modernised army that has learnt the lessons of the war in Ukraine and emerges from a period of accelerated investment more lethal, more survivable and able to fight more effectively as part of a joint force. READ MORE: Thugs throw petrol bomb at firefighters and assaulted police as they respond to emergency   "This is the army our nation needs; this is the army you deserve." The UK Government announced it would send a squadron of 14 Challenger 2 tanks to Ukraine in what has been described as the "start of a gear change" in Britain's support. Around 30 self-propelled AS90s are expected to arrive in the ex-Soviet state soon after. The UK will also begin training Ukrainian troops to use the tanks and guns in the coming days.  DON'T MISSPlane crashes: Some of history's worst aviation disasters [REPORT]Mafia 'boss of all bosses' Matteo Messina Denaro arrested in Sicily [REVEALED]Police honour bereaved five-year-old boy with motorbike escort [PICTURED]   A Downing Street spokesperson said: "As the people of Ukraine approach their second year living under relentless Russian bombardment, the Prime Minister is dedicated to ensuring Ukraine wins this war. "Alongside his closest military advisors, he has analysed the military picture, looked at the strategic impact of the UK’s support and identified a window where he thinks the UK and its allies can have maximum impact. "The Prime Minister is clear that a long and static war only serves Russia’s ends. "That’s why he and his ministers will be speaking to our allies across the world in the days and weeks ahead to ramp up pressure on Putin and secure a better future for Ukraine." 