New York Republican George Santos has rejected the claim he dressed as a drag queen named "Kitara" in Brazil over 10 years ago. His denial comes after a drag queen, who claims to be a former friend of the politician, made the statement. Santos denied the claim, calling it "outrageous".   The politician, who has reportedly gone by a number of aliases in his past, appears to be shown in a photo wearing a drag costume from 2008, according to an article from the Substack site “The Handbasket” by reporter Marisa Kabas. Santos, the US representative for New York's third district, reportedly lived in a Brazilian city next to Rio de Janeiro and became friends with drag queen Eula Rochard. Rochard told Kabas about Santos' younger years, who went by the name Anthony then. Santos has reportedly used the pseudonyms Anthony Devolder and Anthony Zabrovsky. She said: "I think I met him when he was around 16 or 17 years old. He used to hang out in my house while his mom was playing Bingo.”  Rochard claims she befriended Santos when he was cross-dressing in 2005 at the first Pride parade in Niterói, a suburb of Rio de Janeiro. Three years later, Santos competed in a drag beauty pageant in Rio, she claimed. Another person from Niterói who knew Santos, but asked not to be named, said he participated in drag queen beauty pageants under the name Kitara Ravache, and aspired to be Miss Gay Rio de Janeiro. Rochard said she saw Santos on Brazilian television recently and messaged her friends from when she knew Santos that she thought it was him. When her friends doubted her, she found the old photo and posted it on Instagram. READ MORE: Republicans ready for 'war' as Biden in ‘ugly’ situation She said: “The picture was taken in 2008 at the Pride Parade at Icarai Beach in Niteroi. George had disappeared for a little while, and then returned to Brazil with a lot of money, and that was about the same time when the picture was taken.” But Santos, who is now a hardline conservative on social issues including targeting non-binary communities, denied the claims he dressed as a drag queen.  Writing on Twitter, he said: "The most recent obsession from the media claiming that I am a drag queen or 'performed' as a drag queen is categorically false. "The media continues to make outrageous claims about my life while I am working to deliver results.  "I will not be distracted nor fazed by this." Santos has been embroiled in a series of lies about his college education, employment history and ethnic heritage, among others. In another apparent lie exposed on Wednesday by a New York Times analysis of immigration records, Santos’s insistence that his mother was in the World Trade Center during the 9/11 terrorist attacks was found to be false. Santos has admitted “embellishing” his résumé but otherwise denied wrongdoing and said he will not resign. 