It beggars belief that the very people we rely on to keep us safe could betray the British public’s trust by carrying out such monstrous abuse. I want to recognise the bravery of his victims, whose testimony has ensured that Carrick is no longer on our streets terrorising women. Your courage in coming forward, despite the appalling abuse you suffered, has made us all safer. But sadly, Carrick is not a lone case. We have seen other officers accused and convicted of misogyny, homophobia, and racism, as well as sexual assault and even murder. This has to stop. Those who are not fit to serve should never be allowed to join the police in the first place, let alone spend as long in the force as Carrick did. Urgent action is needed to ensure this rot is identified as quickly as possible, to prevent further victims, and ensure the police are fully focused on their job of serving their communities and keeping the public safe. I welcome the National Police Chiefs’ Council writing to all Chief Constables to request they immediately run all their officers and staff through the national police database to identify anyone amongst their ranks who is not fit to serve. It is also important that Chiefs can follow a simple process of removing corrupt and predatory officers from their force which is why the Home Office is conducting a swift review of the dismissals process. Culture and standards also need improving, so that we are attracting the brightest and the best to serve in the police. The Angiolini Inquiry was established in the wake of the devastating murder of Sarah Everard by a serving police officer; its second part will look at the vetting processes, but also the toxic culture that resides in some parts of policing. We will also make sure that the guidance on police vetting is crystal clear and will impose stricter legal obligations on forces to carry out the necessary checks on new and existing recruits. At its best, policing in this country is the greatest in the world, but significant changes and improvements are needed to ensure this is the standard across all areas of policing and the likes of David Carrick are never able to wear the uniform again.