Amanda Owen took some time away from Ravenseat Farm in North Yorkshire to speak with Lorraine Kelly about her solo show, Amanda Owen's Extraordinary Farming Lives. The mother-of-nine was asked by the Scottish broadcaster how she prevents herself from running herself into the ground, with Amanda admitting having no phone signal helps her cope.  Lorraine began: "You have got, what is it? 1,000 sheep, 40 cows, six dogs, four horses and nine kids?" When asked how she avoids getting feelings of burnout, Amanda shared with ITV viewers: "I mean, listening to the signs of burnout, I feel like I am fortunate as I have the green space... The great outdoors. "I also live in a not spot - a place where my phone doesn't ring. "You know when you have got so many stresses contacting you and your brain feels like it is going into overload? READ MORE: Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show "When I get out of the door I have to focus on what is in front of me. "I also love photography, I can take a moment and just appreciate a moment and sit quietly." The conversation arose as Lorraine's previous chat show guest detailed why people across the country are suffering from burnout. They also highlighted useful ways of avoiding exhaustion before Amanda described how she unwinds.  Later on, Amanda addressed what life is like living and working with her ex, Clive. She candidly told Lorraine: "We all have to get on. "There's a lot to deal with as we have the land to manage, the animals to manage, childcare and everything else." Lorraine stressed how well the Yorkshire Shepherdess looked and how content she appeared to be. DON'T MISS...Amanda Owen blasts claim third party was 'involved' in Clive split  [UPDATE]Amanda Owen leaves fans amazed over 'natural' beauty [INSIGHT]Amanda Owen’s new series Extraordinary Farming Lives begins tonight [LATEST] Amanda replied: "I am content, but you do have to take a little bit of time for yourself. "So every morning, even if I am only going to be out feeding the sheep or around the farm, I take a little bit of self-care for five minutes. "I get the old moisturiser on and a little bit of mascara, and it makes you feel better about yourself." Amanda announced she and Clive were parting ways last summer after more than 20 years together.   Clive has a rival farming programme on Channel 5 called Beyond The Yorkshire Farm: Reuben and Clive. Their eldest Reuben is 19-years-old and the show follows him and his dad starting an exciting digging business venture together. Amanda does not feature in the documentary series but some of her other children make appearances. Lorraine continues on weekdays at 9am on ITV and ITVX.  