Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has reportedly revisited interest in Matheus Nunes and he may well have done so with his tail between his legs after a midfield mishap during the summer. Opting against a new marquee signing and putting more trust in Harvey Elliott has left the Reds shy of steel in the middle of the park, which has impacted their standing in the Premier League table. Liverpool were linked with Nunes for months on end as a dynamic, all-round midfielder that fits neatly into Klopp's preferred mould. They were therefore left red-faced when Wolves swooped in first to tie up a club-record £38million deal. The Reds' interest didn't die overnight, however, and The Telegraph report that they are weighing up a £44m move that would see him head to Anfield in the summer. Dallying over the initial transfer from Sporting Lisbon and coming back several months later may have exposed an error on Klopp's part by handing Elliott more responsibility instead. The youngster was handed a five-year deal during the summer and more Premier League minutes this season. Approaching the halfway point in the campaign, Elliott has appeared in 17 matches for Liverpool, starting 12. JUST IN: Man Utd reopen Joao Felix talks, Chelsea's Fernandez delay, Mudryk bid Although he has only notched two goal contributions and left plenty to be desired in terms of defensive cover during that time, the 19-year-old is tipped for a bright future, but Nunes could have provided Klopp with a more accomplished all-round option. A lack of balance in Liverpool's midfield has seen them tumble down the Premier League table after coming close to an unprecedented silverware quadruple last term. The Reds are currently sixth with 17 games played, having won less than half of them. DON'T MISS... Four Chelsea stars who could see Blues career ended by Enzo Fernandez Arsenal and Liverpool transfer target Rabiot 'receives massive offer Liverpool 'target' Kim Min-jae to give Van Dijk new partner in crime Nunes has hardly set the division alight since joining up with Wolves, notching one assist in 14 Premier League outings, but his competency with the ball, passing range and overall potential has earned him admirers at several top clubs. Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola labelled him one of the best players in the world last year. It was therefore seen as a major coup when the 24-year-old signed for Wolves, who are currently just one place off the bottom of the league table after a slow start that saw Bruno Lage sacked. Nunes was born in Brazil but represents Portugal at international level, racking up 11 caps and featuring at the World Cup in Qatar.  Liverpool going back in for Nunes could form part of a gradual midfield revamp at Anfield, which is expected to unfold between now and the end of the summer transfer window with James Milner close to retirement, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain poised to leave and Arthur Melo unlikely to have his loan move from Juventus made permanent. It remains to be seen if such a big-money move would impact the Reds' hopes of landing Borussia Dortmund and England sensation Jude Bellingham, who is expected to be in the move at the end of the campaign.