The suspected murderer of four Idaho undergrads posted a survey online asking criminals how they planned and executed crimes as part of his PhD studies. Bryan Kohberger, 28, could have been using the answers to get ideas about how to carry out the crimes he is accused of as a "sick social experiment", according to a law expert. A group of experts analysed Kohberger's university survey, which he posted on Reddit, on Dr Phil last week. In the criminology student's survey, he asked criminals to answer: "Did you struggle or fight the victim? How did you travel and enter the location that the crime occurred?" Kohberger also asked: "What was the first move you made in order to accomplish your goal?" Trial attorney Mercedes Colwin said the suspected quadruple murderer seemed to have "duplicated steps" that he asked criminals in his survey.     She said: "If you match up that survey against that affidavit, it’s mind-blowing. "The very first question he asked in that survey, where he’s trying to ask about the emotions that people are feeling when they’re committing crimes, is, ‘how did you target your victims?’ Well, you go back to the affidavit, and they go back to the 12 pingings of his phone in and around that [crime scene]. "The second step, ‘but what did you do in preparation for the crime.’ Well, if he’s in fact the killer, he obviously is only a suspect, he turns the phone off. "We know in the affidavit it says that the phone was turned off for the duration of the time that he allegedly travelled to the home, committed the crimes. And then only until he was back on the highway, did the phone go back on." READ MORE: Idaho murder suspect asked neighbour about crime "All these steps that he asked these criminals in the survey, he seems to have duplicated in the affidavit, according to law enforcement". She asked: "If there's a successful prosecution, then what are we looking at? A sick social experiment?" Bryan Kohberger is accused of stabbing to death four University of Idaho students - Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Madison Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and her boyfriend Ethan Chapin, 20 - in their off-campus home on November 13. During the conversation on Dr Phil, reporter Caitlyn Becker pointed out the phrasing of the questions, which she described as "odd". She said: "The word ‘goal’ stands out for me, too. ‘How did you achieve your goal?’ I have goals, we all have goals, they’re positive things, they’re not crimes, for the most part. "So the fact that he is talking to criminals about their crimes, and describing them as goals, definitely struck me as odd, and that the person who’s writing that question finds crime to be something to aspire to." Kohberger, who has not yet entered a plea to four counts of murder and one of felony burglary, is expected back in court on June 26.