Wout Weghorst paused to soak up an emotional potential goodbye to Besiktas after he scored the winning goal in their 2-1 Turkish Super Lig victory over Kasimpasa on Saturday afternoon. The giant Dutch target man, who still belongs to Burnley and is now said to be close to joining Manchester United on loan, appeared to wave goodbye to Black Eagles supporters in the stands after he netted in first-half stoppage time for the hosts at Vodafone Park.  The footage of the emotional celebration went viral but Weghorst went even further after the full-time whistle when he returned to the pitch to enjoy a quiet moment to himself. Standing all alone, Weghorst crouched down on the halfway line and felt the turf before marking a cross on his chest. As the big centre-forward then left the field, he was greeted by several members of Besiktas' technical staff as he dished out a number of hugs. Turkish journalist Sercan Dikme was at the match and has been chasing an update on the future of the Holland international frontman amid reports a loan switch to Manchester United is now advanced. READ MORE: Wout Weghort 'waves goodbye' to Besiktas supporters with Man Utd transfer 'advanced' He has now revealed that Manchester United have held a meeting with Burnley over a January deal to take Weghorst on loan for the rest of the season which is also now being reported within the English media. Yet even if the two clubs find an agreement, Besiktas are currently in possession of the player following last summer's loan deal meaning there is still a situation to resolve by a loan to Old Trafford is completed. Dikme told A Spor: "After the match ended, I spoke with the club and the player's side. There is a possibility that Wout Weghorst will leave. "Manchester United held a meeting with Burnley. Let me give you confirmed information, Besiktas needs to give approval for the player to leave." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Weghorst has now started following Manchester United on Instagram as speculation continues to mount. Erik ten Hag is keen to sign another forward after mutually terminating the contract of Cristiano Ronaldo in November. While Weghorst struggled in the Premier League with Burnley last season, his record speaks for itself outside of his team in England. The 30-year-old scored 70 times in 144 outings for Wolfsburg and was also prolific in Holland before moving to the Bundesliga. Furthermore, he has 10 goals in 19 outings so far this season for Besiktas after bouncing back from a difficult stint at Turf Moor last season. Weghorst also made quite the impression at the World Cup in Qatar as he came off the bench to score twice against Argentina in the quarter-final at Lusail Stadium. The physical centre-forward bullied the Argentina defence before netting a dramatic 98th-minute equaliser. Clarets striker Weghorst even rattled Lionel Messi after the game during a tense media fracas following Argentina's penalty shootout triumph. 