An ambulance worker says "morale is at rock bottom" and knows of three colleagues who took their own lives over the last year. Shaun Sproule, who previously had to take time off from his role with the North West Ambulance Service (NWAS) due to stress, now volunteers to support colleagues with anxiety and depression as a result of the job.   The 43-year-old's role is to manage community defibrillators and first responder volunteers across Cumbria and Lancashire. However, he has to work overtime as an ambulance technician on the roads just to "make ends meet". The dad-of-three told The Mirror: "Sometimes you go home, have a cup of tea and just burst into tears. "Normally I'm a jolly happy-go-lucky guy so when the kids see that it does upset them, they’ve never seen me like that before".  Facing jobs with patients that have been waiting eight hours or more, Shaun spends the drive asking himself "how am I going to apologise to the family" for the delay. He recalls one incident where an elderly man became an emergency case after he was forced to wait over 12 hours for a blood transfusion.  Shaun said: "By the time we got there the guy’s condition wasn’t good. "We had to blue light him because he had been waiting so long. "He survived but that might have been a different case. It was heartbreaking and all I could say to his wife was 'I’m sorry so sorry we haven’t been here sooner'." The delays caused by underfunding and lack of resources have pushed colleagues to tears. "The pressures on people are absolutely overwhelming, from admin staff to control room staff to dispatch," Shaun added. "This used to be a job for life, now we see people for 6/7 years before they move on. "There are foodbanks being set up to look after our staff. "With the cost of fuel going up, we have colleagues choosing whether to eat or come into work, or between eating and putting the heating on. "Clapping doesn’t feed families." If you are struggling and need to talk, the Samaritans operate a free helpline open 24/7 on 116 123. Alternatively, you can email jo@samaritans.org or visit their site to find your local branch.