Season seven of Outlander will be hitting screens in summer 2023 after US network Starz confirmed the show would be coming back sooner rather than later. The show was filming through 2022 and will continue to do so into 2023 with fans getting a total of 16 episodes to make up for the shorter sixth series. Along with confirming when the show would be coming back, fans got an intriguing teaser for the new episodes. The trailer started with Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) telling his wife Claire (Caitriona Balfe) about another dream he’d had. Jamie said: “There was light all around you. It wasn’t a candle light nor firelight but a flood and I thought, ‘That must be what electric light is like’.” Claire replied: “But how can you recognise something you’ve never seen in your life?” The teaser ended with Jamie asking: “I dream of the past, why would I to dream of the future?” The teaser has understandably got fans discussing Jamie’s own time travelling abilities and if he too can venture to different time periods. Sadly, Jamie can’t travel through the stones because it’s not a power he inherited unlike Claire who seems to have the skill within her DNA. Outlander author Diana Gabaldon has stated many times Jamie cannot time travel and if he could, it would render the story redundant given the Highlander could have escaped with his true love to the future. She previously told one fan, who hoped for Jamie to time travel in the 10th and final novel: “Sorry, not happening.” Nonetheless, Jamie does have some powers after he was able to project himself into the future and appeared in Inverness with Frank Randall (Tobias Menzies) spotting him. There are many questions about this spectre which many fans refer to as ‘Jamie’s ghost’. Interestingly, Gabaldon has previously suggested she will also wrap up her Outlander saga with a scene involving Jamie’s ghost and Claire meeting. Gabaldon said on the Outlander podcast in 2014 how Jamie’s ghost was 25 when he encountered Claire, around the time he fought in the Battle of Culloden. This would suggest either Jamie temporarily died on the battlefield and left his body, or had a dream in his fevered state which sent him to the future. Additionally, in the seventh novel An Echo in the Bone, Jamie tells Claire: “I saw Jem and the wee lass—A smile came over his face at that. “God, she’s a feisty wee baggage! She minds me o’ you, Sassenach.” Again, Jamie is dreaming of the future as it’s occurring while he is in the past and suggests he can time travel but it’s not in his control. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry makes emotional plea to King Charles in new clip [VIDEO]Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer [VIEWER REACTION]Jennie Bond questions Prince Harry's intentions in scathing rant [ANALYSIS] Jamie dreams of the future and specifically his daughter Brianna MacKenzie (Sophie Skelton) and her family three times, which suggests he foresees something coming before he happens. The Highlander also dreams of butterflies which could be a representation of a soul and again allude to Jamie’s abilities to leave his body in his dreams. Given the season seven teaser, it’s likely more will be made of Jamie’s unique ability which feels new to the story. The writers could also build on this idea of Jamie’s ideas further to show more explicitly what abilities he possesses. Outlander season 7 will air in summer 2023 and seasons 1 to 6 are streaming on Lionsgate+ now