However, after she flirted with the DJ she was desperate to book an event hosted by Debbie Webster (played by Sue Devaney), but feared she may have taken it too far. Since the party, Daisy (Charlotte Jordan) has been bombarded with texts and flowers being sent to her from a man named Justin, but is there a horrific danger to come for the Coronation Street resident? Official spoilers reveal that in upcoming scenes, Daisy tells Daniel (Rob Mallard) and Christina Midgeley (Amy Robbins) how she intends to score some freebies for the wedding through her social media. At Daisy’s request, Daniel calls at Preston’s Petals and asks Tracy McDonald (Kate Ford) if she’ll provide the wedding flowers free of charge, but leaves her seriously unimpressed. Christina is also left unimpressed at her daughter's tactics after Daisy shows her a photo of the freebie wedding dress she’s managed to bag herself. However, despite the happiness of planning a wedding, Daisy is still being flooded with several messages from Justin asking why she blocked him. READ MORE: My 600lb Life's Erica Wall looks unrecognisable in swimsuit snap Worried, she deletes them and continues to focus on planning her big day and scoring more free stuff. Later, Daniel tells Daisy that he can't make the wedding fair and is left disappointed but decides to go anyway. Daisy confides in Glenda Shuttleworth (Jodie Prenger) that Justin is proving to be a pest and she advises Daisy to tell Daniel what is going on. Worried about Daisy's safety, Glenda tells Christina and Jenny Connor (Sally Ann Matthews) that Daisy’s being bombarded with messages from Justin. Elsewhere at the wedding fair, Daisy posts a selfie to her social media page and is unaware that there’s a poster in the background disclosing where she is. Whilst Daisy tries on a wedding dress, the owner of the stall tells her that her fiancé has arrived, but she'd left stunned when she realises it's Justin. He explains to her he found out where she was after he saw her selfie online, leaving Daisy freaked out. She soon realises that Justin thinks they’re engaged and threatens to call the police if he doesn't leave her alone. DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes admits ‘they're dead to me' as he addresses feud [LATEST]GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan [INSIGHT]Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive [WATCH] Back in the Rovers, Daisy describes her ordeal to Daniel when Glenda emerges with a funeral arrangement of flowers for her, to which Daisy assumes they are from Justin. Gemma Winter (Dolly-Rose Campbell) and Chesney Brown (Sam Aston) tell Jenny they’d like to book their wedding reception on May 8. However, Jenny reveals that Daniel and Daisy are getting married that day too, leaving Gemma to point out to Chesney that it will save them money with fewer guests. Daisy and Daniel head home and come face to face with Justin, before he jumped in his delivery van and speeds away. After a threat from Daniel, Justin tells Daisy that he’s prepared to back off to give her time to break the news to Daniel that she doesn’t love him any more. Daisy’s thrilled to receive a sample wedding invitation and immediately takes a selfie to post on her socials. Has she made a big mistake by posting when and where her wedding will be held? If Justin sees the invitation online and realises that Daisy hasn't broken things off with Daniel, he could take his love for Daisy too far, leaving her and Daniel's life in danger. Will Justin resort to violence in the name of love? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.