Manchester United’s women’s squad reportedly suffered a stressful journey en route to their friendly match against Maltese side Birkirkara when their bus was broken by a pothole on their way into the ground. The journey did not appear to have too much of an effect on the player however with the Red Devils running out 10-0 winners in front of what was a record crowd for a women’s football match in Malta. United's players were enjoying a mid-season training camp on the Mediterranean island as they look forward to the second half of the Women’s Super League season. The friendly against Birkirkara was their final part of the tour but it was not plain sailing getting there. The Malta Independent reports that a wheel at the back of the bus was broken by a pothole after the road collapsed outside the Tony Bezzina stadium. Fortunately no players were injured in the incident and the game was able to get underway as scheduled. United headed up dominating their opponents as they cruised to a double digit victory in front of a record Maltese crowd of 1,053. Alessia Russo and Vilde Boe Risa both found the net twice with Lucia Garcia, Grace Clinton, Jade Moore, Nikita Parris, Rachel Williams and Martha Thomas all grabbing a goal for themselves. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Red Devils manager Marc Skinner was full of praise for his players after the game as well and stressed his pride for being invovled in such a big moment for Maltese football. “It was a great game,” he said after the match. “It was very difficult - Birkirkara used a deep lock formation. But what we have shown from our aspect is that we’ve evolved from last year. “For me, it's more about the occasion. It's more about coming in and being part of our wonderful supporters in Malta obviously having the oldest supporters club and our history for Manchester United, it's really important for us to come and play our part in that. Overall a fantastic night lots to learn from them I hope, and lots to learn for us too.” United currently sit third in the WSL behind Chelsea and Arsenal. They will get their season back underway against fierce rivals Liverpool in a 2.05pm kick-off at Leigh Sports Village next Sunday.