Property renovations and redecorating are common resolutions set by homeowners in January, and there's no better place to start than with a small, dull downstairs bathroom. A can of paint may be all you need to transform this often-neglected part of your home, but according to Grazzie Wilson, head of creative at Ca'Pietra tiles, it can still be easy to get wrong. She explained that following "bold advice" and being hooked on the idea that white welcomes more light are just some DIY decorating "mistakes" to avoid. Grazzie explained that more often than not, the downstairs bathroom is a "shoebox of a space" treated as more of a cupboard or closet than a functional area. Fortunately, their small size means that under-stairs cloakrooms are quick and easy to renovate. However, according to the creative expert, there are a few things you should avoid if you're looking to create a space that you're proud of with a professional finish. She shared seven home decor trends to avoid when painting, tiling and furnishing the room. Painting small spaces white to brighten them up is a common misconception believed by many households, described by Grazzie as "one of the most seen decorating faux-pas". She said: "A lot of downstairs loos either don’t have a window or they do and it’s a tiny one. Naturally, that lends to a room with limited natural light and no matter how bright and brilliant your white paint, it’s never going to do the job of sunshine pouring in." READ MORE: 45p kitchen staple ‘works every time’ for removing blood stains Fortunately, there are other ways to lighten up a dark space - one of which is to use tiles instead of searching for the brightest white emulsion you can find. The creative expert recommended choosing "glossy glazes that will bounce the light around the room", in pearl or white shades. She added: "Large format tiles that can make a space feel larger with their fewer grout lines, or continuing the same tile from floor to wall that will also make the room feel lighter and larger." Forest green and navy shades have become popular wall colours in UK homes, with many trends using these deep shades with bold wallpaper patterns for dramatic effect. Grazzie explained that while this kind of decor is a great option for a unique space, the biggest mistake people make is not adding lighting to match. She said: "If you’re ready to embrace your loo’s lack of light with darker tones and a moody atmosphere, be sure that your lighting is speaking the same language." DON'T MISS:3 interior design trends to ‘avoid in 2023’ to 'elevate' your home [REVEAL]Four tricks to ‘get the most’ of of natural light from your windows [INSIGHT]‘Biggest’ bathroom trend to follow going into 2023 - what to avoid [LATEST] According to the creative expert, bold tiling and colours may be "fabulously atmospheric", though they can quickly "lose their impact" when the room is lit with dozens of spotlights. She noted that downlighters, pendants and dimmer switches are much better options to match the feel of the room. The ceiling is easy to ignore when it comes to redecorating, despite being a blank canvas to experiment with. Grazzie noted that ceilings should be viewed as "a fifth wall", worthy of paint, pattern and attraction as much as your other vertical surfaces. Tiling or wallpapering can create drama, but otherwise, you can try painting it in a colour that complements your floor and wall tiles. READ MORE: Bedroom interior trends ‘set to be big in 2023’ The Ca' Pietra expert noted that the "classic downstairs loo" has a "minuscule cloakroom sink", often backed by a small patch of tiles. While they serve the purpose to stop splash marks on your walls, Grazzie explained that you shouldn't limit them when the ceiling is the limit. She said: "If your budget doesn’t allow for wall tiling left, right and centre, you could focus your tiles to one wall alone to make a feature. "There are certain tiles that are designed to behave like wallpaper that works especially well in this scenario." Trying out trends that "aren't really you" is another common mishap that many homeowners often live to regret. Grazzie noted that "going wild in your downstairs loo" is often recommended by interior experts because it’s a lesser-used room, but just because you are told to "unleash your inner creative", it doesn't mean you have to. Going crazy with colour and taking patterns to the extreme can be a fun experiment, but it has to suit your own personal taste for you to actually enjoy it long term. The creative expert added: "It’s your home and you have to live with it so if you’re still all about greys if neutrals are what ground you, and if the pattern for you is a floral hand towel and nothing more, then stay in your happy place."