Princess Anne has made several public appearances after being honoured as the most popular Royal Family member. A poll by YouGov found seven in ten Britons hold a positive opinion of The Princess Royal (72 percent) who has been in Cyprus this week meeting military personnel from her regiment at Dhekelia Garrison serving under the Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus. Dhekelia Garrison is one of two military bases the UK kept after Cyprus gained independence from British rule in 1960. As part of her visit, she also opened the Queen Berengaria School in Dhekelia which was viewed as a "great honour" by members of the British Forces Cyprus. The British Forces Cyprus stated on their Twitter page this morning: "Delighted to welcome @RoyalFamily HRH The Princess Royal to officially open the Queen Berengaria School in Dhekelia today. "A great honour for everyone here in BFC." The Queen Berengaria School is a newly built facility which serves British military communities from Dhekelia and Ayios Nikolaos, Cyprus.  Dhekelia Garrison is one of two military bases the UK kept. During her visit to the soldiers in her regiment, The Princess also looked at various areas of the Cyprus Buffer Zone and Nicosia, including the Ledra Palace Hotel and the abandoned Nicosia International airport. She also visited Wayne's Keep Military Cemetery in Nicosia where there was a Service of Remembrance and Wreath Laying Ceremony. President of the Republic of Cyprus, Nicos Anastasiades yesterday wrote on Twitter: "Pleasure to receive today HRH The Princess Royal. "Reiterated our common aspiration to further develop and expand the historical ties and enduring bonds between Cyprus and the UK, both at the bilateral level as well as within our Commonwealth family." Princess Anne's popularity has remained steady amidst the drama caused by Harry's recent attacks on the Royal Family in his memoir Spare and several television interviews. Other senior royals also maintained a high level of popularity -- 70 percent also had a positive view of Prince William and 68 percent for Princess Kate. But, according to the new YouGov poll, Anne was disliked by fewer people, giving her a higher favourability score than the rest of the royals. Prince Harry's popularity in Britain has been particularly damaged by his recent activities. The poll recorded the Duke of Sussex's lowest-ever favourability rating of -44, down from -38 last week. Roughly seven in ten Britons hold a negative opinion of him. Yesterday, Princess Anne met the President of Cyprus Mr Anastasiades where they discussed salient issues including climate change, efforts to reunify Cyprus and energy problems caused by the war in Ukraine. He gifted Anne a silver copy of a cup from the fourth century BC as well as a photo album with photos of Cypriots who fought for the British during World War 2. British High Commissioner to Cyprus Irfan Siddiq said the visit was "an important opportunity to showcase the strength of the enduring links between our two countries". The Princess Royal's public appearance follows a series of interviews by Prince Harry in which he launched scathing attacks against senior royals, primarily Prince William and Camilla. In the YouGov Poll, Camilla was shown to see a four-point decrease in the number of people who hold positive views about her. Prince Harry described Camilla as a "villain" who was "in bed with the devil" because she allegedly leaked information to the press to improve her public image when she was having an affair with Charles. In his book, "Spare", he also described her as a "wicked stepmother" although he noted he and William did eventually come around to her.