On Wednesday’s instalment of BBC Breakfast, presenters Sally Nugent and Jon Kay were bringing viewers the latest headlines with one including a pasty being sent to space. However, when they spoke to Nina Warhurst about her recent trip to the bakers, they learned she had an argument over the food item. Following the attempt for the UK’s first space and rocket launch earlier this week in Cornwall, Jon and Sally touched on the time a food delicacy from the country was sent to space. Although the launch of Virgin Orbit's Cosmic Girl was unsuccessful, in 2017 a Cornish pasty was sent into space where it stayed in the stratosphere for approximately 93 minutes. Speaking about the food mission on BBC Breakfast, Nina confessed she wasn’t the biggest fan of a pasty before delving into an argument that broke out at home over food. Following her visit to a bakery the day before, the BBC host took some treats home to enjoy later, although she didn’t manage to enjoy it herself. READ MORE:GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash She said: "Can I tell you what happened yesterday? I took a steak slice home and was really looking forward to it for my lunch. “Came down the stairs and my husband said, ‘delicious steak slice that’. Laughing at the food betrayal, Sally jokingly asked if her husband was still alive after eating her food. Nina replied: “Barley! I don’t think I’ve ever been angrier with him or with anyone.” Jon chipped in from the sofa: "He's about to be minced and put in a pasty!" The BBC host then left Nina stumped when he questioned what the difference was between the Cornish staple and a regular pasty she was eating yesterday. Explaining the difference all comes down to the thick ridge around the edge, Nina swiped he should know this coming from the South West himself. Sheepishly, he replied: "I am from the South West. I think you're about to start a civil war if you start talking about pasty problems and rival pasties!" DON'T MISS... Happy Valley fans predict ‘creepy’ character return after prison twist [REACTION] Prince Harry’s pal says he had to ‘take the hit’ over Charles' mistake [VIDEO] Judge Judy calls Prince Harry ‘ungrateful’ and ‘selfish’ in GMB rant [ROYAL] Elsewhere in the show, Nina was informing viewers of the recent backlash from parcel delivery courier Evri following the mass amount of delays customers have encountered. Speaking to Jon and Sally, she revealed on Tuesday’s episode of the show, they received hundreds of messages from viewers online sharing all of their issues with the courier. However, since the wave of criticism Evri has apologised for the mass delay in parcels as they sent a response to the BBC. Reading their reply, Nina said: “We know things aren't good enough and will focus on recruitment.” Regulator Ofcom also chimed in on the situation as they told the BBC that Evri had to pull their socks up or face tougher regulations. Nina continued: “We spoke with a logistics operator earlier and she said that yes recruitment is an issue. “Part of that is the working conditions for Evri drivers. Some of them are paid pennies per parcel, they don’t know what the working pattern will look like and that doesn’t bode well with staff retention.” BBC Breakfast continues weekdays on BBC One from 6am.