Naga Munchetty aired concern for her BBC Breakfast co-star Mike Bushell by pointing out his "tired" appearance. The presenter later took aim at reporter John, who she likened to a "wrinkly" elephant as he presented his segment from Noah's Arc Zoo. "It's coming up to twenty minutes to seven...," Naga began as she turned to Mike. "Now... tired, Mike?" the host proceeded to tease her co-star as she suggested he didn't look his best. "Am I?" Mike asked as he turned to the camera. "I haven't got any sleep last night, actually!" Later on in the programme, Naga reassured Mike she was joking as she spoke about "fatigue" in sports. READ MORE: BBC backlash as viewers slam 'utterly pathetic' Prince Harry coverage "I'm feeling with the sport today, there's a sense of fatigue and the implications of being fatigued or tired," Naga pointed out. Nodding in agreement, the sports reporter replied: "It is certainly going to make the Premier League season interesting. "Come the spring when we will see whether there's going to be this World Cup effect. "The fact that they had to cram it all, [there were] so many games before the World Cup, then the World Cup came without a break. "And then those players that went deep into the competition, [went] straight back to the Premier League action in the domestic leagues, without much of a break as well." "That could be a factor going forward," Mike warned. Naga also could resist mocking her co-star John, who was at Noah's Arc Zoo in Wraxall. John spoke about the elephants with zookeeper Larry Bush, but after the segment, Naga likened her co-star to the animal. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry’s memoir torn apart as he ignores racism claims [VIDEO]GB News uproar over claims Meghan and Harry ‘milking Diana’s legacy’ [REACTION]BBC Breakfast host steps off-screen after Naga orders him away [INSIGHT] "That's quite a sight to behold," John said as he admired the animals. "What an incredible beast, speaking of which, back to your two." "John I was gonna say actually," Naga began. "I don't think the number of wrinkles between the two of you are that different." Taking the comment on the chin, John laughed and replied: "You know how good our make-up artists are." "Obviously not good enough," Naga joked. "John, I love you. Happy New Year." "He did ask for that," Ben chipped in before adding: "Love that story." BBC Breakfast fans also aired their concern on Friday, with many questioning where Naga's usual co-host was. Naga usually presents the show alongside Charlie Stayt from Thursday through to Saturday. However, Charlie was replaced by Ben, who often presents segments on BBC Breakfast. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.