BMW continues to push the boundaries with its cars featuring more and more advanced technology such full autonomy which allows the vehicle to drive itself. However, its next generation of machines appear to be taking inspiration from the past by offering owners a much more personal experience. During the unveiling of its new i Vision Dee, BMW lined up its latest concept alongside two iconic cars that feature plenty of personality. Knight Rider's Kit and Herbie from Love Bug were both motors with considerable character and that's exactly what BMW wants owners to experience in the future. This cuddly new car comes packed with features including an outer shell that can change colour to match your mood. Dee will also chat with you just like a friend and welcome you with a wink from its interactive front grille. Most modern vehicles might be packed with screens and incredible tech but through these upgrades many have lost their identity and that's what BMW hopes its Dee will bring back to the road. Along with being fully interactive, hop inside and there are plenty more treats for drivers including a new head-up display that can take over the whole windscreen. This means more information can be beamed right in front of the driver's eyes. There's even the option to overlay virtual reality to make the driving experience feel more immersive and fun. BMW says that the name Dee stands for Digital Emotional Experience with the firm hoping that its idea will create a stronger bond between people and their cars. Of course, Dee will be fully electric and eco-friendly with it not using any fuel to get from A to B. Sadly, there's currently no word on range, how much it will cost or when you will actually see it on the roads but BMW has built a working model so more news could be announced in the coming years. Express.co.uk was sat in the audience during the launch event in Las Vegas and it's certainly impressive. The style-changing exterior, which can be switched to 32 different colours, looks incredible with BMW hoping that AI will even be able to automatically set the look to match your outfit. The vehicle also feels decidedly friendly and likeable which is exactly what BMW is trying to create. "With the BMW i Vision Dee, we are showcasing what is possible when hardware and software merge. In this way, we are able to exploit the full potential of digitalisation to transform the car into an intelligent companion, " said Oliver Zipse, Chairman of the Board of Management of BMW AG. "With its intelligent, almost human capabilities, BMW i Vision Dee accompanies drivers not only through real-life situations on the roads but also in their digital environment." Who knows when we'll see the Dee driving around your local town but BMW's idea of the future certainly looks like a lot of fun.