Cold weather warnings have been issued across the country as temperatures continue to plummet this week. The Met Office has even alerted councils and emergency services in some regions as the cold weather moves in. The severe cold weather alert is expected to bring snow and ice in some parts of the country which could cause travel disruption, power cuts and a chance of injuries from slips and falls. But as temperatures drop, there’s one problem many homeowners won’t think about until it’s too late - a burst or frozen pipe. According to insurance company Admiral there’s always an increase in claims for damage caused by burst pipes after a particularly cold snap. Noel Summerfield, head of home at Admiral explained: “Burst pipes cause disruption for thousands of homes every year. “Following periods of freezing weather, we always see an increase in claims for damage caused by burst pipes. “After the last cold snap in December 2022, we had three times as many claims as in December 2021 and twice as many as in November 2022. READ MORE: Cleaning expert shares method to dry wet laundry in ‘four hours’ “Last year burst and leaking pipes were the reason for a whopping 84 percent of all escape of water claims. “With temperatures set to plummet and a Met Office cold weather alert coming into force, you need to prepare now to protect your home and avoid potential costly damage.” So what can homeowners do in order to make sure their pipes don’t freeze in the coming days? Noel has shared his advice. A burst pipe occurs when the water in the pipe freezes. The water expands when it freezes causing the pipe itself to burst and leaks to start when the ice thaws out. DON'T MISS‘Brilliant’ 95p spray to remove tough oven glass stains in 5 minutes [INSIGHT]Remove ‘stubborn’ moss from your patio with £1 ‘cleaning staple’ [UPDATE]Essential kitchen items clean shower heads without removing them [ANALYSIS] Damage from a burst pipe is extensive and it can take a lot of time for your home to fully dry out. Preventing a burst pipe in the first place is easier than dealing with the damage and aftermath of a burst pipe. Although it might seem like another thing to do, preventing a burst pipe is relatively “simple”, according to Noel. He explained: “There are simple things you can do to stop your pipes from freezing and causing damage, such as insulating your water tank and using good quality lagging to insulate the pipes in your loft and outside. “Installing a smart thermostat will allow you to adjust the temperature while you’re away from home and new thermostats are also more accurate.” READ MORE: 'Best' method to clean dirty towels and bath mats Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea With energy bills rising, it’s understandable why so many homeowners are reluctant to switch on their heating. However, if you’re planning on going away and your home will be empty during the winter months, it’s a good idea for the temperature to be kept above 12°C to prevent pipes from freezing. Noel added: “If that’s not possible you can turn your water off by using your stopcock and draining the system. “Whether it’s a two-week holiday for some winter sun, or a weekend visiting friends, it only takes a short period of cold temperatures to cause pipes to freeze and damage from burst pipes often happens when homes are left empty.” Look out for any discolouration to the floor or walls and any drop in boiler pressure as this could be an indication of a leak. In case you do have a leak, it’s important to know the location of your stopcock. Noel said: “If you do discover a water leak, move or protect anything that you are safely able to, turn the water off at the stopcock and drain the system by running the cold tap. “You should also leave windows and internal doors open if it’s safe to do so, as this will help with drying out your home.”