Aljaz Skorjanec was a star of Strictly Come Dancing for almost 10 years before he decided to leave his days on the glitzy BBC show behind him in 2022. He and wife Janette Manrara, a fellow dancer, were popular members of the Strictly cast with Aljaz even winning the show back in 2013 with his partner, model Abbey Clancy. Since making his exit, the 32-year-old has gone public about his psoriasis, a skin condition that affects 2 in 100 people in the UK, according to the NHS. Aljaz appeared on Steph's Packed Lunch to discuss his psoriasis, talking about the treatments he's tried and the impact it has had on his life. Psoriasis is a skin condition that causes red and crusty patches of skin covered with silvery scales. Due to the appearance of his skin, while many of the other Strictly stars were able to wear more revealing outfits, Aljaz felt he had to cover up. He told presenter Steph how it was so bad during one particular season of the BBC series, he wore turtle necks most of the time to hide it. READ MORE: Happy Valley fans 'work out' Hepworth's link to Tommy "And still now, even today, staying away from T-shirts, short sleeves, I can't remember the last time I wore shorts anywhere in public, unless it's a beach," he said. As Aljaz used to spend a lot of time travelling around the world for different productions, he would go to a number of different dermatologists to try various treatments. At one point, the Strictly star turned to steroid cream but quickly found he became addicted to it. He described the experience as a "vicious circle" that was difficult to get out of. Aljaz said: "The skin gets so addicted to those aggressive medications and I felt it really helped for a couple of days but when I stopped using it when I felt 'Oh it's kind of gone now' and then it comes back much, much worse. "I was in that vicious circle for a long time. "The worst thing that I went through was when I was getting those steroids injected into my elbows and knees which is very very painful. "It worked for a little while but then it came back really worse." DON'T MISS...Dancing On Ice's Patsy Palmer dealt blow hours before live show [EXPLAINER]Lisa Snowdown turns to the gym to keep fit [CAST]Strictly Come Dancing for members of the public 'in the making' [REVEALED] He added: "For me, when it's not flaky and not too red, when it's sort of light pink, for me, that's a good state. "Not much was ever said about it so I couldn't read much about it and always felt that I was this lonely person suffering with it." Psoriasis can be painful, interferes with sleep and does make it harder to concentrate on tasks. The condition is also described as a common, long-term, disease that unfortunately has no cure. Taking to Instagram to announce his departure from Strictly last year, Aljaz wrote: “A little while ago I made the tough decision that Strictly 2021 would be my last. "The show has given me an opportunity and freedom to create and express myself in front of millions of people every weekend for the last nine years. "The love and support I got from the team of producers was second to none … I am forever grateful to them!”