Idaho murder suspect Bryan Kohberger shares a similarity to a series of US serial killers, lawyer and criminology professor Dr Casey Jordan noted. Kohberger was a PhD student  specialising in criminology at Washington State Pullman, less than ten miles from the home where Kaylee Goncalves, Madison Mogen, Xana Kernodle and Ethan Chapin were murdered on November 13. Dr Jordar admitted she was "not really surprised" to learn the murder suspect's area of study, noting a similarity with notable serial killers. Dr Jordan said: "The BTK had a degree in criminal justice. The Golden State killer, a degree in criminal justice. "It's not unheard of but let's agree, it's extremely rare that people major in criminal justice and then go on to commit heinous murder." American serial killer Dennis Rader graduated with an Administration of Justice degree from Wichita State University in 1979, four years after he began a 17-year killing spree during which he killed ten people. Golden State killer Joseph DeAngelo first earned an associate degree in police science and then a bachelor's degree in criminal justice before serving as a police officer for three years.  Between 1974 and 1986, DeAngelo murdered 13 people and raped 51 women. He was arrested in 2018 and pleaded guilty to 13 counts of first-degree murder as well as 13 counts of kidnapping. Dr Jordan however clarified it is unlikely the murder suspect could have been influenced to commit murder by his education. She told King 5: "As a criminologist, I was shocked but not really surprised to find out that the accused was found a PhD in criminology. "I can guarantee that nothing he learned in his classes helped him, if indeed he did factually commit these crimes, to commit these crimes or try to get away with it. "The truth is, it wasn't his higher education that might have contributed to his thought process - we believe the thought process was already there." Kohberger has maintained his innocence and told his former lawyer Jason LaBar he is "eager to be exonerated." The 28-year-old PhD student was arrested at his parents' house in Pennsylvania on December 30, nearly seven weeks after the murder of Goncalves, Mogen, Kernodle and Chapin. The four victims were found on the top two floors of the women's off-campus residence on King Street in Moscow, Idaho. According to the coroner's report, the University of Idaho students were stabbed to death between 4 and 4:20 AM on November 13. At least one of the victims' bodies bore defensive wounds. Kohberger waived his right to a speedy preliminary hearing during a status conference Thursday morning. The 28-year-old graduate student was charged with four counts of first-degree murder and burglary, and has not yet entered a plea. The Idaho murder suspect is waiting to learn whether prosecutors in the high-profile case will pursue the death penalty. The murder scene will remain shut down until February 1 to allow the defence to collect further evidence to build up the case for Kohberger. He will once again appear in front of the judge for his preliminary hearing on June 26 at 9 AM.