  Channel 5 news presenter Dan Walker, 45, took to Twitter today to discuss his own fan theories for how Happy Valley might end. The gripping BBC police drama, which stars Sarah Lancashire as Sergeant Catherine Cawood, has left fans wondering what will happen in the series finale.      Happy Valley’s final episode will air this Sunday, and Dan told his 786, 900 Twitter followers how he thinks the show will conclude. “My new #HappyValley climax theory (please tell me I’m wrong and it all ends nicely)…” he wrote.  “Catherine kills Tommy on her last day in the job and Claire takes the fall to show her sister that she loves her,” he added with a crying and broken heart emoji. READ MORE: Sister of Beatles' legend George Harrison dies in Florida     “Theory number 2: Neil is Tommy’s dad it all kicks off,” he added cheekily. (sic) Dan’s followers took to the comments section to share their thoughts on his theory, as well as sharing their own predictions on how the finale might go down. “Not a bad call Dan,” wrote Steve, while another fan added: "Might not be far off here Dan.” Domicima wrote: “Wow! Amazing theory (seriously) but I don’t want that. Pls be wrong.      “Catherine doesn’t deserve to lose her daughter and her grandson too.” (sic) “Oh thanks Dan no need to watch it now”, Ross penned with a laughing emoji. “Good theory though and wouldn't be too far fetched tbf.” (sic) Benjamin agreed: “Ohhh I thought something along this line! Claire or Anne doing the deed on Tommy, Ryan saving Catherine, etc.” (sic) Alice added: “I’d say that’s a pretty good guess - definitely Ryan is going to try and betray his dad. I think Catherine will live … the rest (shrug) not a clue.” (sic) READ MORE... A Place In The Sun presenter Jasmine Harman hit with 'sad news' [INSIGHT] Rod Stewart causes stir with appearance at Essex pub after outburst [UPDATE] Eamonn Holmes admits Charles 'doesn't trust me' over kiss with Camilla [NEWS]       BBC show bosses have been working hard to keep the hugely anticipated finale of Happy Valley under wraps. It was recently revealed that they have even gone to the trouble of filming extra scenes to ensure the ending will not be spoiled for fans. Happy Valley is a British crime drama that began back in April, 2014 on BBC One. While the second series came out two years later in 2016, the third instalment aired this January after a seven-year break.     Back in 2015, the cast, which also includes Siobhan Finneran, picked up the BAFTA Award for Best Drama Series. Written and created by Sally Wainwright, the series takes place in the Calder Valley, West Yorkshire. The plot of the first series centres around police sergeant Catherine Cawood, who is still coming to terms with the suicide of her teenage daughter, Becky, eight years after the incident. Things take a dark turn when Becky’s rapist Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) is let out of prison and becomes involved with the kidnapping of new victim Ann Gallagher (Charlie Murphy), but Catherine is onto him. The latest season is set seven years later, with Catherine coming close to retirement age, but it isn’t long before she is forced to face old demons once more. Happy Valley returns this Sunday at 9pm on BBC One.   