Lindsay Turford is a mum-of-one with a passion for cleaning, having spent 13 years as a professional cleaner before setting up her Instagram page @dazlincleaning in 2018. In the first two months of its life, she had amassed 10,000 followers and now shares her cleaning tips and tricks with an audience of over 78K people. Speaking to Express.co.uk, she revealed that you don’t necessarily need an artillery of expensive cleaning products to tackle some of the most common chores around the home. Take the kitchen sink, for example, an area which can become stained with residual food and soap scum from washing up. Instead of spritzing the area with chemicals, Lindsay recommended a natural alternative which you might already have tucked away in the cupboard. She explained: “For a natural solution to break down soap scum in your sink, mix equal parts distilled white vinegar and hot water and spray down. You can pick up a bottle of vinegar for under 50p – so it’s hard-working and cost-effective.” READ MORE: Princess Anne formerly lived in Pimlico flat as a newlywed - pictures White vinegar is recommended for an array of cleaning uses around the home thanks to its high levels of acetic acid. The acidic nature of vinegar is so powerful it can dissolve mineral deposits, dirt, grease, and grime. It's also strong enough to kill some types of bacteria. But even though vinegar is a natural solution, Lindsay recommends protecting your hands from the risk of drying or irritation. She said: “Don’t forget to wear long bathroom gloves to protect your hands.” As an ambassador for Marigold, the cleaning expert’s top pick are Marigold Longer Bathroom Gloves which retail for £3.19. DON'T MISSHousehold items that have 'no place' under a kitchen or bathroom sink [COMMENT]'Small interior design details' that add value to period homes [INSIGHT]Estate agent on the kitchen trend making a ‘big comeback’ [VIDEO] As well as tackling soap scum, vinegar can also help reduce the build-up of hard water stains, especially for those living in areas served by mineral-rich water. The acidity of vinegar works to break down the calcium carbonate that limescale is made from. However, before embarking on the task, it’s important to make sure the material your kitchen sink is made from will not be damaged by white vinegar. Whenever using a homemade cleaning solution which includes vinegar, it’s important to test it on a small area first. While vinegar is safe for many surfaces, you should avoid using it on natural stones like granite and marble as the acid in the vinegar could dull the stone. To begin, Lindsay recommends making a solution of equal parts white vinegar and hot water and combining these in a spray bottle. Make sure to use a clean, empty spray bottle and steer clear of any which have previously held cleaning products as this could result in a dangerous chemical reaction. A spray bottle with an adjustable nozzle is a great option. Then, spritz your sink. If the build-up is particularly bad you can leave the solution to sit for between three and five minutes. Next, wipe away the residue using a clean cloth. For added shine, use a microfibre cloth to buff your sink.