Luke Hawkes, 28, drove through a red traffic light at high speed, hitting two vehicles and killing 19-year-old Bethany Branson instantly on November 18 last year. Keen rugby player Bethany had been ­travelling with a friend when their car was struck. Held at Taser-point ­following the ­horror smash in Bridgwater, Somerset, Hawkes refused to give a breath ­specimen for analysis. On arrest, he was filmed saying: “I hope I killed someone. Oh well, you know what, I will get three, four, five years. Hopefully, I killed them.” But he was jailed for 10 years and handed a 12 years and seven-month driving disqualification at Taunton Crown Court on Friday. Hawkes, of Bridgwater, pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving and failing to provide a ­specimen at a previous hearing. The court heard Hawkes had shown no remorse for his actions. His Ford Transit had just been involved in a smash further along the road, prior to the ­collision which killed Bethany. His Honour Judge Paul Cook said: “This was a prolonged, consistent and deliberate course of driving. It was ­obvious you where drunk as I have seen the state of your intoxication on a ­number of videos. “Bethany was a bubbly person, ­destined for a life of giving. This has shattered the hearts of her family. You created a sea of carnage. “You were then heard saying ‘I’m glad she is dead, she deserved it’ and ‘Hopefully [you] killed someone’.” Senior investigating officer Andrew Roebuck said: “We hope this significant sentence gives the family some closure following the devastating loss.” Bethany’s parents Amy and Ben Branson said in a statement: “Bethany was kind, caring, big-hearted, determined, spirited, hilarious, compassionate and quietly would go about the world making it a better place. “We have had hundreds of messages with people saying things like, ‘When I joined the school, she was the first one to speak to me and made me feel included’ or ‘When I was at my lowest, she would cheer me up’. “Devastatingly, our darling girl will never get to pursue her dreams, make a difference to many more people. “We are finding the foreverness of this ­horrific event incomprehensible.”