Newcastle have been told that they will need to table an ‘extraordinary’ offer to sign Fiorentina star Nicolas Gonzalez this month. The Argentina international is on the radar of several Premier League outfits but appears unlikely to leave the Serie A until the end of the season at the earliest. With Champions League football a realistic dream for Newcastle this season, Eddie Howe is keen to bolster his ranks over the coming weeks. Signing another forward is a priority at Tyneside, with several options being explored. Brighton duo Leandro Trossard and Solly March are both being monitored, with Chelsea star Hakim Ziyech also a consideration. Though despite Howe’s preference for Premier League-proven stars, players from afar are also being eyed. According to TuttoMercatoWeb, Newcastle have shown an interest in Fiorentina winger Gonzalez. The player’s agents have held a ‘video call’ with Howe’s side to get a grasp of the situation. Leicester City have also made the 24-year-old a top target this month and are willing to table an offer of £30million for his services. But their offer could be gazumped by the Magpies if they decide to make their interest concrete. However, all parties are aware of Fiorentina’s stance on allowing Gonzalez leave the club this month and know that a significant offer would need to be submitted for them to even open negotiations. Newcastle secured a hard-fought 1-0 victory over Fulham on Sunday, with summer signing Alexander Isak scoring the all-important goal in the 89th minute. The Sweden international has struggled with injuries so far this season but his late cameo proved that he will be an important asset for Howe’s side in the second half of the campaign. The Toon Army are now in third place in the Premier League, just a point behind Manchester City. Speaking about his side’s impressive start to the season, Howe said: “It’s been a really good first half of the season for us. We’ve improved from the start of the season to now. I think there’s still more growth in the team to come. “I’m very pleased with the players’ commitment and what they’ve delivered for the team and for me and the club, so I think we’re in a good place. But the challenge only gets harder.” It remains to be seen whether Newcastle are able to continue their successful spending spree since their ownership changeover. Leicester City star James Maddison remains a top target to bolster the midfield ranks, and he could become a priority following the recent injury sustained by Bruno Guimaraes.