The Swansea City ball boy involved in an infamous altercation with former Chelsea star Eden Hazard has since amassed a huge £40million personal fortune. Charlie Morgan, 26, founded a successful vodka company seven years ago and has been included in The Times' Young Rich List. The bizarre incident unfolded a decade ago this week, with Swansea and Chelsea meeting in the second leg of their Carabao Cup semi-final. The Welsh outfit pulled off a shock 2-0 victory at Stamford Bridge in the first leg and frustrated the Blues in the return fixture. When it became clear that Chelsea were poised to fall short of a domestic cup final that eventually saw Swansea beat League Two Bradford City, a frustrated Hazard appeared to kick out at Morgan - a former ball boy at the Liberty Stadium. The Belgian was shown a straight red card and later apologised for the incident, claiming: "The boy put his whole body on to the ball and I was just trying to kick the ball. I think I kicked the ball and not the boy. I apologise." JUST IN: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte sends direct message to board over future after Fulham win Morgan was 17 at the time and opted against pressing charges, going on to shake the hands of those in the Chelsea dressing room and earning plaudits from the Swansea faithful for doing his utmost to run down the clock. As the 10-year anniversary passed this week, Morgan has gone on to enjoy quite the decade as he now sits on a £40m fortune with celebrity clients including Floyd Mayweather Jr, Ronaldinho and Paddy 'The Baddy' Pimblett. DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Ten Hag has three players who need dropping after Arsenal lossLiverpool urged to pinch 'Chelsea's own Maldini' to form Van Dijk partnershipChelsea ditch hijacker tag with Boehly set to do Tottenham huge favour with Ziyech Along with business partner Jackson Quinn, Morgan co-founded Au Vodka in 2016. The brand has since amassed a huge social media following and an illustrious list of celebrity clients, putting the pair in the top 25 of The Times' Young Rich List. Morgan's father was, and still is, a director at Swansea but his fortune is self-made, telling WalesOnline back in 2021: "Me and Jackson were best mates in school and we just felt there was a bit of a gap in the market. We were 18, 19, 20 at the time and every one of our friends for their birthday would always get a bottle of the same old vodkas. We just felt it was a bit boring. "We just felt we could do it a little bit better. For us, we wanted to do a gold bottle which we felt was completely different, and a couple of years later we did vibrant liquid colours of the vodka itself. The growth has been just phenomenal. There are so many people in the world who are involved in it now which is exciting. We thought we could do well but it's probably gone bigger than we thought we could do already. "We got a contact for Floyd - through a mutual friend of Frost the music producer - and we were told that Floyd absolutely loves the brand and loved the black grape flavour. We were asked whether he could have few bottles before he goes home. We said yeah, OK sure, and Floyd said he would post a photo on Instagram as long as we included him when we do something big in America." 