Fortnite fans are counting down to the launch of The Kid LAROI’s Wild Dreams in-game event. The latest member of the Fortnite Icon series, Australian rapper Kid LAROI will be the star of his very own immersive experience. The Kid LAROI’s Wild Dreams island will be available to explore from 11pm GMT UK time on January 27. The island experience culminates in a concert, complete with brand new music. Epic Games explains more: "In this interactive experience, players will quest throughout the cybercity 'Laroitown,' ultimately attending a jam-packed LAROI concert featuring fan-favorite music and new music. "Following the performance, players can join LAROI for the Afterparty. In the Afterparty, listen to the Wild Dreams mix on loop and get a look at the life of LAROI — both on tour and beyond." According to Epic, the island will feature LAROI's brand new song 'Love Again', as well as three unreleased songs in both the Wild Dreams and Afterparty island. To make the experience a little more interactive, players can also complete The Kid LAROI's Wild Dreams Quests for XP and special LAROI items. This includes the Love Again and Thousand Miles Lobby Tracks, the LAROI and The Rogue Loading Screen, and the LAROI Was Here and LAROI’s Tag Sprays. The Wild Dreams Quests will only be available for a short time, ending at 11pm GMT UK time on February 3. While the quests are only live for a week, the islands will be available in-game until April 27. In the build up to the Wild Dreams experience, Epic will make the The Kid LAROI and The Rogue LAROI Outfits available in the Fortnite Item Shop. "From dreamer to hitmaker, work your way to the top with The Kid LAROI Outfit, which includes the Electrified Style in addition to the default Style," Epic continues. "This Outfit comes with the Get My Bag Back Bling, which includes the blue default Style and the pink Left Alone Style." The Rogue outfit, on the other hand, includes the Electrified Style, as well as the Tragic BLADE Back Bling, which can be unsheathed as a Pickaxe.