The tip was shared by interior stylist and TV presenter Maxine Brady on her TikTok account @maxinebradystyling. Here she shares her home styling tips and has shared this clever method to keep your home warm. It's lovely to have a real chimney, some of the time, but it can also make the home much, much colder. This happens because high-pressure cold air is being pulled down into your home, which has lower-pressure, warm air. Cold air whooshing down your chimney is the last thing you want when trying to keep warm. However, there are some ways you can prevent it. One such method, suggested by Maxine, is a Chimney Sheep. The homes expert said: "Are you fed up with wearing all your layers at home? "Well, did you know that your chimney could be a main source of drafts? Have you thought about investing in a Chimney Sheep?" What exactly is a chimney sheep? Maxine explained: "Made from wool, these pads shove up your chimney, keeping you warmer in the house and stopping drafts. "You can't even tell it's there apart from these handy tags, which you pull to remove. They come in a variety of sizes for all chimney shapes and it means you can ditch the layers." READ MORE: 'No brainer' heating hack using a sock is 'cheap and easy, keeps you warm and toasty' Chimney sheeps offer natural ventilation, which is still breathable. The product stops 95 percent of airflow through the chimney, stopping warm air from escaping and cold air from coming in. This not only will reduce the amount of heating you need and the energy you use, but it will reduce noise and pollution in the home. According to Chimney Sheep, installing one "stops about 5 percent of your household heat from escaping. This equates to a saving of £125 on average (based on the current Energy Price Guarantee of £2,500)." The wool is collected from local farms in Cumbria, with high animal welfare standards. DON'T MISSHack using a tea light wows TikTok user and leaves room 'like a sauna' [HEATING] 'Want your house to feel like a desert?' £3.25 heating hack [HOME] Mum won't use her oven after 'frightening' energy bill [WARNING] Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea A chimney cap These are made from terracotta and provide insulation and protection. They start at around £150 and need to be installed by a professional. A fireplace door These are placed in front of the fireplace and help to keep the cold air out. They are usually made of glass and are quite decorative.