Manchester United shelled out £81.3million to sign winger Antony from Ajax last summer. But in Amad Diallo, the Red Devils already have a player who can push Antony for a regular starting place at Old Trafford after boss Erik ten Hag admitted he wanted to see more from the Brazil international. United appointed Ten Hag as their new manager last year following an egregious campaign under the guidance of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and his interim successor Ralf Rangnick. And the Dutchman soon went on a recruitment drive as he snapped up Christian Eriksen, Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez, Casemiro and Antony. Antony was handed his United debut in his side’s 3-1 Premier League victory over Arsenal in September as he marked the appearance with a goal. And the 22-year-old has gone on to feature in another 20 matches for the Red Devils, with the side enjoying a precipitous upturn in fortunes in recent months. Antony has bagged five goals and one assist for the 13-time Premier League champions and has been a regular starter when fit. But ahead of the first leg of United’s Carabao Cup semi-final showdown with Nottingham Forest on Wednesday night, Ten Hag admitted that he was not entirely happy with the player’s impact on the team this season. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    “He can do better but I see space for improvement,” said the 52-year-old. “We want him to be more direct but the team is performing better if he is on the pitch and that is a good thing. He has had an impact but with his capabilities, his talents, he can do even more.” And following United’s FA Cup fourth round victory over Reading on Saturday, Ten Hag spoke about the player once again. “We want him also to be more dynamic, more variable and more direct,” the Red Devils boss said. “We are happy with his improvement in this moment but I feel there is more to come and I think he’s capable of it. There is big potential in him and he has to develop it every day.” DON'T MISS Newcastle 'enquire' for Malcom as Saint-Maximin replacement found Transfer news - Arsenal make £60m Caicedo bid, Gordon fee agreed Klopp and Guardiola agree on Saint-Maximin as Newcastle star 'to quit'    United signed Diallo from Atalanta at the start of 2021 after stumping up an initial £19m plus up to £18.2m in add-ons to get their hands on the winger. The 20-year-old endured mixed fortunes during a loan spell with Rangers during the second half of last season but has really shown what he can do during the current campaign after being sent to Sunderland for a temporary spell last summer. Diallo has appeared in 21 of Sunderland’s 28 Championship matches this term and has found the back of the net on seven occasions, as well as providing one assist. The player has looked sharp in front of goal and has really kicked on in the north east. And by the time the summer comes around, he may well be confident of pushing Antony for a place in the United team. 