Millions of fans are eagerly awaiting the third season of Netflix’s lavish historical drama. As filming for the series is still underway in Bath, Bridgerton fans still have a bit of a wait before new episodes of the period romance emerge, but the latest behind-the-scenes snaps have given viewers some clues about what they could expect when the 'ton returns. Irish actress Nicola Coughlan and her co-star Polly Walker were spotted wearing emerald green dresses from the set of the next season. The Bridgerton co-stars looked as extravagant as ever as Penelope Featherington and her mother Portia, and their choice of style is a hint for the romance to come next season. Filming is still underway for the popular Netflix drama’s third season after starting last summer. Although it may be a while before the next outing surfaces, it has already been confirmed to feature the long-awaited romance between Penelope and Colin Bridgerton (Luke Newton). READ MORE: Here's where the original Keeping Up Appearances cast is now Now Nicola and her mother have been spotted wearing green, it’s more likely than ever that the pairing will be a success. As some die-hard fans of the series may know, Penelope’s green dresses are a subtle tribute to her secret affection for the third Bridgerton son. While the Bridgertons usually dress in gentle blue or lilac tones, the Featheringtons often wear more extravagant colours like canary yellow or bright pink. However, in the middle of season two, Penelope ditches her family’s more garish colours and instead opts for a soft green dress. Fans immediately theorised the outfit symbolised a merging of the two families and Penelope’s hopes for marriage with Colin, and costume designer Sophie Canale later confirmed their suspicions. She revealed her choice of dress for Penelope was a subtle nod to the third season, which would be based on her romance with Colin in book four, Romancing Mister Bridgerton. “I've known for a very long time,” she told People. “I forgot actually that no one else knew until last night. That's useful as a tool to know where your characters are going as well.” DON'T MISS:Below Deck’s Captain Sandy admits ‘this isn’t easy’ as stew fired [LATEST]The Rookie teases tragedy for season 5 newcomer [VIDEO]1000lb Sisters fans blown away as star shares near-100lb weight loss [REACTION] Sophie’s costume choices were familiar to anyone paying close attention to Daphne Bridgerton’s (Phoebe Dynevor) love affair with Simon Basset (Regé-Jean Page) in season one. “When you see Daphne, we pushed her into lilacs in season one because of the marriage of the families and I think that's quite important to be seen,” Sophie explained. Daphne’s fake relationship with the Duke quickly became more than a simple ruse, and the Bridgerton daughter's blue tones began to merge with Simon’s penchant for red. These new images of Penelope and Portia have now confirmed this trend will continue in season three. Not only will her romance with Colin officially begin next season, but Portia’s matching green could be a sign the two families will officially merge for the first time. However, Colin has remained largely oblivious to Penelope’s feelings up to this point, so fans may have to prepare for a slow burn when the drama eventually returns. Sadly, there's no release date for now, but Bridgerton season three is hoped to be released by the end of 2023 or the start of 2024 at the latest. Bridgerton seasons 1-2 are available to stream on Netflix.