King Charles III and Prince William are "soldiering on" despite the onslaught of accusations and claims Prince Harry made in his best-selling memoir Spare. The King and the Prince of Wales came under attack as the Duke of Sussex targeted both with a series of allegations further undermining the already frosty relationship the trio has shared in recent years. A royal insider suggested Charles and William "will be feeling betrayed" by Harry airing the family's dirty laundry in public. They said: "The King and Prince of Wales will be feeling betrayed. Things that have happened to them, really personal things, are now played out in the public arena." The anonymous source told People insisted some of the stories the Duke of Sussex included in his book are certainly "not his to tell." A close friend of the family expressed disappointment at Harry sharing his grievances publicly, adding: "There are so many things that he didn't need to say." And another source close to the King and the Prince of Wales noted they are feeling "sad" despite the resilience they have shown in light of Prince Harry's repeated swipes at the Royal Family. JUST IN: Harry not set for Coronation over fears private talks will end up LEAKED - royal sources They said: "They are quite resilient and have good people around them. "They are upset and sad, but they are soldiering on. Responding publicly would not be the smart thing to do." Another royal insider added that the King and his eldest son "have been remarkably calm. But they have to be detached." And a family friend noted a discrepancy with Harry's hopes to live a more private life after he exposed a series of very private grievances to the public. READ MORE: Prince Harry claims father King Charles 'fell asleep' while working  They argued that "exposing private family matters is not good," noting Harry's behaviour lessened "the impact of the argument for privacy as he lays family matters out for all to see." Prince Harry laid down a series of blistering accusations against both his father and brother in his memory Spare. He claimed to have had a physical altercation with Prince William after he allegedly called Meghan Markle "abrasive" and "rude." The Duke later reiterated his claim in his interview with CNN anchor Anderson Cooper ahead of the launch of the book on January 10. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry interview blasted as ‘boring’ – YOUR VERDICT [POLL]Boris Johnson urged to return and ‘save the Conservative Party’ [INSIGHT]Over a third of dog owners feel regret or doubt after getting new pup [REVEAL] Harry also offered his personal characterisation of the King as a detached parent, claiming the now-King did not hug him to comfort him after breaking the news of Princess Diana's death. He wrote: "He wasn’t great at showing emotions under normal circumstances, how could he be expected to show them in such a crisis? "But his hand did fall once more on my knee and he said: It’s going to be OK. "That was quite a lot for him. Fatherly, hopeful, kind. And so very untrue." Both the King and the Prince of Wales have so far refused to comment on the allegations Prince Harry made in his memoir.