In recent scenes, Emmerdale newcomer Nicky (played by Lewis Cope) was hired by Kim Tate (Claire King) to be the nanny to Gabby Thomas' (Rosie Bentham) and Dawn Taylor's (Olivia Bromley) children. However, viewers have quickly become wary of the newcomer, with many claiming he is "too good to be true". Many fans have come up with their own theories about Nicky's true identity, and some believe he could be the long-lost son of Lydia Dingle (Karen Blick). Lydia had a stillbirth at the age of 15 when she was going under the name of Jenny Finn. She ended up giving birth in the woods, and despite burying her own baby, fans think he could still be alive and that the baby is Nicky. Taking to a Facebook fan group to share their thoughts, one eagle-eyed viewer wrote: “I was thinking [Nicky] could be Lydia’s son, maybe he didn’t die at birth.” READ MORE: My 600lb Life's Erica Wall looks unrecognisable in swimsuit snap Angela Louise Collins shared: "Did she not admit to burying her dead baby if so and her baby is alive whose baby did she bury?" (sic) Ann- John Thompson replied: "Most definitely! It would be great if she found out he was alive." Taking to Twitter, user @Thedragon18137 theorised: “Somebody said Lydia from Emmerdale could be Nicky’s mum like her kid didn’t actually die at birth. “I really want it to be true cause I love her and she deserves to be happy!” However, @Bhoney1990 was quick to shut down the theory, explaining: "I mean I doubt it... Didn't she bury the child? Like they found bones or are they gonna forget that detail?" “Kerry kept Chloe a secret. Faith kept Caleb a secret. Very possible Nicky will end up being a secret baby given away," another fan theorised. However, fan @fussyMcWhiskers threw another theory into the mix. They said: "#emmerdale I didn't think Lydia would be a bit cheeky with the "past the sell by date" stuff from Kim's fridge & using her washing machine... "I wonder if Nicky is going to blackmail her - not a lot to blackmail someone over but I suppose it's how he'd say he'd tell Kim..." (sic) DON'T MISS...Sally Nugent slaps down BBC co-star over 'inappropriate' comment [VIDEO]Vera sparks frenzy as fans spot Brenda Blethyn's family link in series [REACTION]Dancing on Ice 'double standards' row over The Vivienne's outfit [INSIGHT] Since Nicky arrived in the village at Christmas, some viewers predicted he could be linked to fellow newcomer Caleb Miligan (Will Ash). In recent scenes, Nicky rejected Gabby's romantic advances after she leaned in to kiss him. Gabby was left mortified by the knock-back and things were made worse when she realised Dawn witnessed the entire thing. Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk and other press, the actor who plays Nicky discussed his upcoming storyline.   "Nicky's a great character," Lewis said before adding: "He's very relatable, likeable, and I'm just having fun with him." When asked if Nicky has a dark past, the soap star teased: "At the moment he's a lovely person, and there's nothing to say [otherwise]...he kind of fits the bill. "He is almost too good to be true, but we'll have to wait and see." It is unclear whether Nicky has any previous connections to the village, but if he does, it's only a matter of time before he is exposed. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV. 