Lisa Marie Presley died aged 54, following a cardiac arrest, just days after she was interviewed and attended the 2023 Golden Globes ceremony, in support of the 2022 biopic, Elvis. The only child of Elvis spoke to one US publication with the singer appearing to slur her words as she responded to the questions. Lisa was interviewed on the red carpet alongside her friend Jerry Schilling by Extra host Billy Bush. In the clip, Lisa turned to her friend for support as she said: "I'm going to grab your arm." She appeared to talk slowly in the interview while slurring her words when she responded to questions about the Elvis star, Austin Butler. The interviewee predicted "a wonderful night for Elvis" at the beginning of the interview, in which Lisa stood next to longtime friend Jerry, a talent manager who worked closely with Elvis. READ MORE: Denise Welch named ‘abusive bully’ by Piers Morgan's son in Meghan row She said she adored Austin and was "mind-blown" after seeing his performance in the film, which earned him the Best Actor gong. Lisa said: "I needed five days to process [his performance]. It was so spot on and authentic." Lisa said that she thought he mirrored the "characteristics [and] the talking without doing it in a caricature way like it's been done in the past." She continued: "It's kind of done in sort of a funny, joking way, the way [Elvis] spoke, but Austin actually got it and did it perfectly without making it comical."  The interview wrapped up with Lisa telling her interviewee that Austin was making his way down the entrance. Craig Little, a spokesperson for the county’s fire department, confirmed LA County paramedics were sent to the Calabasas home at 10.37 am (6.37pm GMT) following a report of a woman in full cardiac arrest. The spokesperson added that paramedics arrived about six minutes later. According to the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department, paramedics performed CPR and determined the patient had "signs of life". DON'T MISS... Johnny Depp ‘totally devastated’ after friend Jeff Beck suddenly dies [COMMENT] Jack Nicholson's pals fear Hollywood star, 85, has become a recluse [INSIGHT] Jennifer Lopez wows in pink dress after Ben Affleck ditches day job [PICS] She was immediately rushed to a hospital in nearby West Hills. Her mother, Priscilla Presley, issued a statement at the time, confirming that her daughter had been rushed to the hospital. It read: "My beloved daughter Lisa Marie was rushed to the hospital. She is now receiving the best care. Please keep her and our family in your prayers. "We feel the prayers from around the world, and ask for privacy during this time. -Priscilla Presley." Priscilla confirmed to PEOPLE Thursday evening that her daughter had sadly passed away following the reported cardiac arrest. The statement read: "It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us. "She was the most passionate, strong and loving woman I have ever known. "We ask for privacy as we try to deal with this profound loss. Thank you for the love and prayers. At this time there will be no further comment."