Maureen has become a big part of the Coronation Street team over the last couple of years, starring in some big storylines. However, the much-loved actress is set for an extended break from the series to focus on a new role in the West End. Maureen will be hitting the stage and performing a one-woman show titled, Rose, at the West End later this year. The play will tell a story of a woman who travels from Nazi-occupied Europe in order to set out on a new life in America. Luckily for fans, she isn't leaving the soap forever, with an insider informing The Sun: "Maureen will be departing Corrie for Rose, she will be returning to the soap. "Maureen will be taking a short break from the cobbles to star in the play." READ MORE: Prince Andrew is 'using 'Harry's attacks' to 'clear his name' Maureen's character has become a fan-favourite over the years and is known for her sharp tongue and sarcastic wit. Evelyn takes no prisoners when it comes to her opinion, but Maureen has previously explained she cannot be as sharp as her character in real life. She previously told The Mirror: "You can’t be Evelyn in today’s climate. You can’t make jokes that I would normally make. I am watching myself carefully. “At the same time, I am an intelligent person and I want a better world. I don’t know how I identify and I am watching carefully as to how this plays out because prejudice is prejudice, however, you dress it up.” During a recent episode of Coronation Street, Evelyn decided to get herself involved in Tyrone (Alan Halsall) and Fiz Stape's (Jennie McAlpine) relationship. Before they got married, Tyrone had strayed in the past and sought the attention of other women behind Fiz's back. The couple wanted to spice up their sex life, so decided to spend the night away at a hotel together but kept it a secret from everyone else. Feeling suspicious about their reasons and seeing Tyrone getting into his car in a nice suit, she forced Roy Cropper (David Neilson) to help follow him. DON'T MISS...Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital  [LATEST]Linda Bassett's age explained as she takes Call the Midwife spotlight [INSIGHT]Whoopi Goldberg forces The View to go off air after row [WATCH] Once they had arrived at the hotel, the pair sat across the room from Tyrone so they could spy on him, with Evelyn hoping she would catch him in the act. After a blonde lady sat down next to the mechanic, Evelyn noticed they were getting cosy with one another and decided to confront them, however, was left stunned when it was Fiz in a wig. Role-playing, Tyrone asked: "Tell me what brings such a gorgeous woman like you to a place like this?" Before Fiz was able to join in and reply, Evelyn quipped: "Sex, that's what. Well, you won't be getting any tonight young lady." Tyrone gasped: "Nan!" before Fiz turned round and exclaimed: "This is so embarrassing." Evelyn asked: "What in heaven's name are you doing?" but the pair were too stunned to speak and sat awkwardly looking at one another. They explained their reasoning for lying, to which Evelyn replied: "If you wanted more time to yourself you only had to ask. "We will just leave Penelope and Lance the bill for our drinks," before they walked out of the hotel. Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.