Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden has been busy in recent days, stepping out for two consecutive engagements. On Friday, January 27, she was seen marking Holocaust Memorial Day as she joined the Swedish Queen at a service in Stockholm's largest synagogue. For the occasion, Victoria wore an all-navy outfit - a matching blazer, blouse, and skirt. Her heels and bag were also navy blue. The royal's jacket was the 'Ruma' blazer from Swedish designer Tiger of Sweden. The garment was on sale on Zalando for £264.99 but is currently sold out. It was available in Victoria's colour, peacoat blue, or black. This blazer went well with the royal's blouse and skirt too.  READ MORE: Beauty fans praise £10 super primer that’s a dupe of Bobbi Brown Victoria has worn the blazer, the blouse, and the skirt all before. She matched this all-navy blue outfit with a pair of suede navy blue heels from iconic French fashion house Yves Saint Laurent. Her clutch bag also matched, which was the Navy Calfskin Leather Clutch Bag by Quidam Bags. Many royals are fans of Quidam and Crown Princess Mary of Denmark also has a navy blue clutch bag by the brand. Worn often over the past few years, Mary's bag is the Crocodile Clutch Bag in Blue, which features a stylish crocodile print. DON'T MISS:Monaco's royal children compared to George, Charlotte and Louis [PICTURES]Cook jacket potatoes in 20 minutes using an oven with spoon method [VIDEO]Garden expert shares ‘no1’ cat deterrent that ‘works within 3 hours’ [EXCLUSIVE] Victoria accessorised further with a pair of Sapphire earrings, which were called the 'Duchess' earrings and from Eabba Brahe Jewellery. The earrings were square-shaped sapphires with oval-shaped sapphires hanging from them. The stones were shiny and surrounded by tiny diamonds. The earrings seemed to be inspired by Kate, the Princess of Wales, who often wears sapphire earrings belonging to her late mother-in-law, Princess Diana. Diana's earrings are tiny sapphire drop earrings, surrounded by tiny diamonds. Kate's earrings were originally part of a jewellery suite given to Diana by Crown Prince Fahd of Saudi Arabia as a wedding gift, according to Us Magazine. The blue and silver earrings were originally studs when worn by Diana, but Kate redesigned them into drop earrings. Royal fans were quick to comment on Victoria's outfit last week, with many praising her style. Catherine Duncan wrote: "Another beautiful outfit by Victoria, something the rest of us could wear instead of being out of reach." Instagram user @birdnerd327 commented: "She looks so nice. I don’t normally like pussy bows but the shirt looks nice with this blazer." User @monalulu999 share their thoughts, and wrote: "Love this outfit!! The Crown Princess looks so elegant!!" User @nothanksthrowaway agreed. They said: "You can never go wrong with navy! It’s the confidence colour. User @corny_o__ added: "Very nice dress for her."