A Place In The Sun's Jonnie Irwin was told he had just months to live after being diagnosed with terminal lung cancer, which has spread to his brain. However, the 49-year-old presenter, who shares three sons with his wife Jessica, enjoyed some downtime as he demonstrated in his latest Instagram snap from the Lakes. "Today out in the fresh air was what we all needed," he exclaimed of the family getaway. "How I’d love to be up on those fells but staying low around the waterfalls with the family was wonderful in a different way. #thelakes." The TV presenter looked to be enjoying their walk through Windermere in a series of photos. Jonnie donned a bright red jacket and neon yellow hat to shield his head from the winter cold. READ NOW: BBC Breakfast's Nina Warhurst on 'very anxious few months' for family The pair were also accompanied by other family members, including their three children - Rex, three, and two-year-old twins Rafa and Cormac - and their much-loved dog. There was a blue sky trying to poke through the clouds in the snaps he posted from the idyllic village they had been walking through. Lake Windermere is located in the Cumbria National Park, while the village of Windermere - made famous by kids' novellist Beatrix Potter - is just a mile and a half away. Jonnie is no stranger to beautiful destinations, having travelled to numerous beauty spots for his presenting role on A Place in the Sun. His time on the show has now sadly come to a close, due to his cancer diagnosis. However, he has vowed to live life and enjoy the great outdoors with his family as much as he possibly can. Earlier in the month, he pictured himself on Instagram strolling through the countryside and visiting a stable of horses with the kids. Meanwhile, he has also visited locations such as Paris - the City of Love - with Jessica in recent months. DON'T MISS... Escape to the Chateau's Dick and Angel break silence on show return [LATEST] Prue Leith says she 'totally understands' Matt Lucas' Bake Off exit [INTERVIEW] Love Island's Ron 'unsure what to think' after Lana's famous ex news [LOVE ISLAND]  The enamoured pair married within a year of first meeting, back in 2016, after the globetrotting star convinced her to hand in her notice at work and join him on a whirlwind travel journey instead. The presenter was initially given months to live following his diagnosis in 2020 and was inundated today with supportive messages from fans who branded him an "inspiration". "Such an amazing place to spend time with your family. Keep doing these little things to create such personal memories. You have been given strength, go with it," @louisefriskey encouraged. "Loving seeing your adventures together," @andreacolesart echoed. @jennyj47 chimed in to add: " Making beautiful memories - you are an inspiration. Stay strong Jonnie, you are in everybody's thoughts!" The star has also had support from his former A Place in the Sun co-star, Jasmine Harman. 