Joe Biden has clamped down on America’s border crossings by immediately turning away thousands. The President announced the US will begin turning away Cubans, Haitians and Nicaraguans who cross the border from Mexico illegally, alongside Venezuelans. “Do not, do not just show up at the border,” Biden said as he announced the changes. While he acknowledged the hardships that lead many families to make the perilous crossing, he added: “Stay where you are and apply legally from there. “Starting today, if you don’t apply through the legal process, you will not be eligible for this new parole program. “Let me reiterate: You need a lawful sponsor in the United States of America, number one. And you need to undergo a rigorous background check, number two.” Around 90,000 people from Cuba, Nicaragua, Haiti and Venezuela were arrested at the border in November, the most recent month for which nationality data is available. Homeland Security officials said they would begin denying asylum to those who circumvent legal pathways and do not first ask for asylum in the country they traveled through en route to the US. The US will now accept 30,000 people per month from the four nations for two years and offer the ability to work legally, as long as they come legally, have eligible sponsors and pass vetting and background checks. “This new process is orderly,” Biden said. “It’s safe and humane, and it works.” While Biden’s intervention on the issue appears to tackle some issues, Brandon Judd, the head of the Border Patrol agents union, insisted he must go further and back Title 42. Title 42 is a clause of the 1944 Public Health Services Law, which was reinterpreted by the Trump administration to issue a public health order during the Covid pandemic that authorised the rapid expulsion of migrants “When we started expelling the Venezuelans, we saw a two-day drop in apprehension numbers,” Judd told The New York Post. “Then those numbers started to climb back up. What the cartels did was they just replaced them with another population [of migrants]. What we’re seeing on the border today is cartel-driven. “It’s for profit. The cartels are exploiting our loopholes knowing that these people are going to be released. “You can’t just say: Venezuelans, Cubans, Nicaraguans. You can’t do that. “You have to ensure that Title 42 is being exercised across the board with everyone.” “President Biden correctly recognized today that seeking asylum is a legal right and spoke sympathetically about people fleeing persecution,” Jonathan Blazer, the American Civil Liberties Union’s director of border strategies, added. “But the plan he announced further ties his administration to the poisonous anti-immigrant policies of the Trump era instead of restoring fair access to asylum protections.” Biden made the announcement just days before a planned visit to El Paso, Texas, on Sunday for his first trip to the southern border as president. He will then travel on to Mexico City to meet with North American leaders on Monday and Tuesday.