Boxing fans have a couple of cards to choose from this evening including two world title fights. The first and most high-profile show is headlined by Artur Beterbiev and Anthony Yarde in London. Beterbiev looks to defend his world championship status for the seventh time as Yarde makes his second attempt at picking up 175lb gold. Also on the card, in the co-feature attraction, is a WBA flyweight title fight between Artem Dalakian and David Jimenez. On the same night, across the pond in Inglewood, Alexis Rocha takes on George Ashie in a welterweight bout for a WBO version of the North American title. Rocha is currently on a five-fight winning streak since his sole loss to Rashidi Ellis including a big win over highly-rated American prospect Blair Cobbs. Meanwhile, moves up in weight after a career mostly spent at lightweight and super lightweight. He has won nine of his last ten. AO Arena, London, United Kingdom Artur Beterbiev vs Anthony Yarde – For WBC, IBF, and WBO light-heavyweight titles Artem Dalakian vs David Jimenez – for WBA flyweight title Karol Itauma vs Ezequiel Osvaldo Maderna Charles Frankham vs Joshua Ocampo Umar Khan vs Sandeep Singh Bhatti Sean Noakes vs Santiago Garces Tommy Fletcher vs Darryl Sharp Masood Abdulah vs Lesther Lara Joshua Frankham vs Joe Hardy Khalid Ali vs Ivica Gogosevic Moses Itauma vs Marcel Bode YouTube Theater, Inglewood, United States Alexis Rocha vs. George Ashie Floyd Schofield vs. Alberto Mercado Oscar Collazo vs. Yudel Reyes Alejandro Reyes vs. Jose Zaragoza Pedro Salome vs. Adan Palma Bektemir Melikuziev vs. Ulises Sierra MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua dupes Whyte as rival speaks out on fury over failed promise 15-year-old boxer dies from brain injuries suffered in car crash Conor McGregor announces new coaching role as he eyes UFC return Live streams and fight times Ring walks for Yarde vs Beterbiev are expected around 10:30pm UK time. Before the headline attraction, the main card is set to get going at 7pm. All of the action will be broadcast live on BT Sport 1 in the UK with coverage starting at 7pm. This is a non-PPV event and comes at no extra charge for BT Sport subscribers. It can be live streamed on all good internet-connected devices including smartphones, tablets, smart TVs and laptops via the BT sport app and website. The Rocha vs Ashie undercard starts at midnight on Saturday with the main event set to follow at 4am in the early hours of Sunday morning over in the UK. DAZN have the broadcast rights for the event which is available to over 200 countries via the streaming service.