Adam Thomas was last seen in Emmerdale in 2018 when his character Adam Barton departed the village on a cargo ship. The 34-year-old has recently returned to screens as part of Waterloo Road's reboot. During Wednesday's instalment of Lorraine, the star was asked if he could picture himself heading back to the Yorkshire Dales in the future.  ITV host Lorraine Kelly began: "Emmerdale, obviously, is another show which is a huge part of your life. "There's unfinished business there, the door is open. "If the door opened enough to let you in, would you be happy going back?" Adam laughed and asked: "Do you know something that I don't?" READ MORE: BBC backlash as viewers slam 'utterly pathetic' Prince Harry coverage Lorraine chuckled and insisted she was just putting the question out there for ITV viewers. "Apart from the fact that it's such a great job, it is such a brilliant place to work," Lorraine exclaimed. "And you must miss your friends." Adam agreed and admitted he missed being surrounded by the Emmerdale cast the most. "The cast and the actors who work there are just incredible," Adam added.  "You genuinely do become such a huge family and yeah, I miss them all so much. "So look, never say never. I would love to go back one day." Lorraine asked if he would return to the Yorkshire Dales if the "story was right" for his character. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale Nicky's identity exposed as fans 'work out' Jamie Tate link [THEORY]Emmerdale fans 'predict' Leyla Harding gets blamed for Jacob's death [REACTION]Emmerdale's Kyle refuses to change his mind after police probe [SPOILER] "Yeah, if the story was right, yeah definitely," Adam replied. "It's always held a special place in my heart and I've got some great friends from there." Adam made his return as Donte Charles on the reboot of Waterloo Road on Tuesday night. During the comeback episode of the BBC One series, his on-screen wife Chlo (played by Katie Griffiths) was killed off. Viewers were left heartbroken after the shocking twist in episode one and wondered how Adam's character will cope in upcoming scenes.  Alex Huntesmith tweeted: "I am so shocked with what happened to Chlo in the first ep of #WaterlooRoad Just WHY?! I waited like 8 years to see her and Dante..." @VillainousBabee added: "Watched the new #WaterlooRoad still furious the killed of Chlo after one episode but gotta admit having@adamthomas21 back as Donte is cool even though it would be better if Clonte where back for the whole series and not just episode one." Seda fumed: "Watched the first ep of the new #WaterlooRoad for the nostalgia and they go and do that to Chlo." Lorraine airs on weekdays from 9am on ITV. 