The Ukrainian First Lady's address at the annual World Economic Forum meeting in Davos was driven by a fear in Kyiv that the collective West may fall victim to "war fatigue," a defence expert has argued. Sky's defence and security analyst Professor Michael Clarke believes Olena Zelenska and her husband, Ukraine's Volodymyr Zelensky, are focused on keeping Western attention on the war against Russia as the conflict heads into a crucial stage.  Professor Michael Clarke believes Kyiv is attempting to shore up western support ahead of new military operations tipped to take place in early spring. Both Ukraine and Russia have been preparing men and materials for their own offensives each of which has the potential to change the direction of the war. The length of the war which has been raging for more than a year could cause people in Europe and the US to grow disaffected with the conflict Professor Clarke said: "They are worried about Ukrainian fatigue setting in in the West because the war has been going on for almost a year." READ MORE: Russia pundit demands 'children' sent to front to avoid having to pay pensions to widows  Ms Zelenska said parents in Ukraine are in tears watching doctors trying to save their children, farmers are afraid to return to their fields filled with mines and "we cannot allow a new Chernobyl to happen," referring to the 1986 nuclear disaster as Russian missiles have pounded Ukrainian energy infrastructure for months. "What you all have in common is that you are genuinely influential," Zelenska told Davos attendees. "But there is something that separates you, namely that not all of you use this influence, or sometimes use it in a way that separates you even more." She spoke as hundreds of government officials, corporate titans, academics and activists from around the world descended on the resort town.  She added: "We are all internally convinced that there is no such global problem that humanity cannot solve. "This is more important now when Russia’s aggression in Europe poses various challenges." The war in Ukraine has killed thousands of civilians, displaced millions and jolted food and fuel markets worldwide. With the war raising inflation and expanding food insecurity in developing nations, Ms Zelenska called it "an insult to mankind and human nature to have mass starvation." DON'T MISSBritish aid workers in Ukraine vanish in rescue bid [INSIGHT]Russian military planes spotted in Belarus ahead of 'joint exercises' [ANALYSIS]Putin warned Russia's only aircraft carrier in 'state of emergency' [INSIGHT] Ukraine and Russia had been key suppliers of wheat, barley and other food supplies to Africa, the Middle East and Asia, where many were already going hungry. About 345 million people in 82 countries are facing acute food insecurity, according to the U.N. World Food Program, up from 135 million in 53 countries before the pandemic and war in Ukraine. Zelenska warned that the war could expand beyond Ukraine’s borders and widen the crises but “unity is what brings peace back.” European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen urged the executives and leaders at Davos to keep aiding Ukraine.