Vikings Valhalla season two is on Netflix and it followed Harald Sigurdsson (played by Leo Suter) on his quest to become king of Norway. He was accompanied by Leif Erikson (Sam Corlett), who was trying to fill the gap left by devastating losses. The pair came across Pechenegs in the new series and Express.co.uk has all you need to know.  The new season of the Vikings sequel saw Leif and Harald were seen transporting precious treasure from Novgorod to Constantinople. Harald’s uncle, Yaroslav the Wise (Marcin Dorociński), warned them of a group of Pechenegs who were blocking their path. Lord Vitomir (Steven Brand) gave Harald the job of escorting precious cargo past the Pechenegs. He and Leif, along with a group of other travellers, then set sail across south-eastern Europe. READ MORE: Vikings Valhalla fans slam Freydis’ ‘pointless’ storyline One of the passengers, a blind man called Kurya (Tolga Safer), turned out to be the disgraced brother of the Pecheneg Khan. Towards the end of the series, Harald is held captive by a group of Pechenegs and Leif was forced to save him. Kurya ended up sacrificing himself for the rest of the group when he confronted his brother. In real life, the Pechenegs were semi-nomadic people from Central Asia. They originated from land between the Aral Sea and Syr Darya River. Nowadays, the land is located between Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan. They were known for travelling a lot but during the time of the Vikings, they finally settled. They ended up in locations including modern-day Ukraine, Moldova, Romania and Bulgaria. DON'T MISS... Vikings Valhalla season 2's Constantinople is pivotal in history[EXPLAINER]Vikings Valhalla season 2 location of Jomsborg no longer exists [INSIGHT]Meet the star behind Jorundr in Vikings Valhalla season 2 [EXPLAINER] The ruthless tribe would send out raiding parties against their neighbours whenever they settled. This was why Harald and Leif were so worried about encountering them on their journey to Constantinople. During the 9th and 10th centuries, they teamed up with the Byzantines and would fight against other tribes from Kyvian Rus. One of their most notable defeats was the Battle of Levounion in 1091. They were taken over by a Byzantine and Cuman army led by Byzantine Emperor Alexios I Komnenos. He took the surviving Pechenegs and resettled them in Moglena, now known as Macedonia. They were last heard of in 1168 as members of Turkic tribes. Thankfully the group managed to escape the danger and finally made it to Constantinople.  Vikings Valhalla seasons 1-2 are on Netflix now.