Princess Kate stunned royal fans in a chic scarlet trouser suit as she arrived at a star-studded event in central London. The Princess of Wales beamed as she was greeted by onlookers. Kate is expected to be joined by celebrities including rapper Professor Green, presenter Fearne Cotton, former Love Island contestant Zara McDermott and England women's captain Leah Williamson at the event in the West End. Kate was joined by William, Prince of Wales, who donned a blue suit and red tie to match the colour of this wife's own suit. The Princess of Wales matched her outfit, which included an Alexander McQueen blazer retailing at £1,390 and low rise flared crepe trousers priced at £590, with earrings inspired by an iconic London venue. In a nod to British architecture, Kate wore Chalk’s Florence earrings which are inspired by the the Royal Opera House’s auditorium ceiling. The earrings are made of walnut, acrylic and sterling silver, retailing for just £70. The London-based jewellery company is known for making intricate, handcrafted pieces and is founded by architect and designer Malaika Carr. Kate last wore the earrings to the unveiling of the National Windrush Monument in June 2022. The royal couple stepped for the event to mark Kate's Shaping Us campaign from The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood which aims to boost public understanding of the importance of a child's first five years. Held at BAFTA's headquarters, the occasion saw Kate, campaign champion Rochelle Humes and Amanda Berry, Chief Executive of The Royal Foundation, deliver speeches. It was compered by Kate Silverton and was followed by a drinks reception. William and Kate's latest public appearance comes after an open letter was released on Saturday (January 28) in which Kate urged people to think about how they can make the world a "more supportive and loving place" for children. Kate, who has said promoting the early years phase of childhood will be her life's work, wrote that "healthy, happy children shape a healthy, happy future" in the letter. She wrote of an upcoming campaign: "During our very early childhood, our brains develop at an amazing rate - faster than any other time of our lives. Our experiences, relationships, and surroundings at that young age, shape the rest of our lives." The letter continued: "It is a time where we lay the foundations and building blocks for life. It is when we learn to understand ourselves, understand others and understand the world in which we live. "But as a society, we currently spend much more of our time and energy on later life. I am absolutely determined that this long-term campaign is going to change that."  Kate said her campaign has the support of science and research experts as well as notable faces from music, sport and television. It is hoped they will help find ways to give generations of children the best start in life. She added: "We all need to know the critical importance of our early childhood. They really are years like no other in our lives. "I urge everyone reading this, to take the opportunity to learn more about this incredible time of life, to think back to your own childhood and how it shaped you, and most importantly, to ask yourselves what you can do to make the world a more supportive and loving place for our children. "Because healthy, happy children shape a healthy, happy future." READ ABOUT THE NAMING OF A WOMAN KILLED BY DOGS IN SURREY    Kate's scarlet suit recalls the similarly coloured combination which Her Royal Highness wore during a recent visit to Windsor Foodshare. The Prince and Princess of Wales visited the charity to learn about its work providing food parcels to people who are struggling financially during the cost-of-living crisis. Kate donned a fuchsia jumper to match her long coat which was paired with black, wide-leg trousers. During the visit, William joked with staff after one food bank worker said one of the royal couple was better at packing than the other, to which the heir to the throne quipped: "One of us is better at cooking than the other!" DON'T MISS: Prince Andrew in dig at Prince Harry over Eugenie's wedding guests [REVEALED] Harry out for 'revenge' as he launches new 24-page report with Meghan [LATEST] Samantha Markle exposes another Meghan 'lie' [REPORT]  Kate recently appeared in east London to launch the "Shaping Us" initiative from her new early years campaign. For the occasion she wore a £62 pair of 18k gold plated Alia earrings created by Welsh designer Hayley Jones for her brand Spells of Love. She matched these with a teal blouse for the visit during which she spoke with children at St John's Church of England School. Kate wore the same earrings in 2020 as she paid a visit to Wales with Prince William, wearing them with a floral dress. The Shaping Us initiative forms part of Kate's campaign to raise awareness of the importance of early childhood. Its aim is to draw attention to the importance of a child's development before their fifth birthday. She promoted the campaign by recording a message to children posted in Instagram and by doing so provided a rare glimpse into her life. Kate posted a video on Saturday (January 28) which showed the pages of a scrapbook turning. As she does so she writes messages with a pen, showing off refined handwriting. In her first message, she writes "What shapes us?" in neat cursive text next to a photograph of a man. The video sees her turn several more pages before settling on one with pictures of three children. She then removes the portrait of a girl in the centre to reveal a hidden written passage. Kate wrote: "Our early childhood shapes the adults we become." The stylistic video concludes with her closing the book and a card displaying The Centre for Early Childhood flashing on screen. The footage was one of the few times the Princess of Wales has exhibited her handwriting for the camera.   