The Tyneside Clean Air Zone launched in October 2022, with cameras in operation and signage around Newcastle and Gateshead, although motorists haven’t had to pay. However, today, January 30, charges have been launched and anyone with a non-compliant vehicle will be forced to pay the daily toll. Charging will be introduced in two phases – with non-compliant taxis, private hire vehicles, buses, coaches and HGVs being charged from today. Taxis and private hire vehicle drivers will be charged £12.50 per day if their vehicle doesn't meet emissions standards. Drivers whose vehicles are registered in Newcastle, Gateshead and North Tyneside can apply for a discount charge of £50 for each seven-day period rather than £12.50 per day. Owners of buses, coaches and heavy goods vehicles that don't meet emissions standards will be charged £50 a day to use their vehicles in the Newcastle Clean Air Zone. READ MORE: Thousands of drivers could escape speeding fines through loophole To meet emissions standards, vehicles must have a Euro 6 diesel or Euro 4 petrol engine. In general, these will be diesel vehicles registered after September 2015 and petrol vehicles registered after 2005. Charges and fines will not apply to private cars, motorbikes or any vehicles that comply with national emissions standards. Newcastle City Council said it had to act after the Government called on cities to reduce “illegal levels of air pollution caused by traffic”. DON'T MISS10 classic cars becoming tax and MOT exempt in 2023 - including BMW [INSIGHT]EV owners urged to keep heating low or risk 'battery damage' [WARNING]Petrol and diesel drivers wasting £188million a year by idling [SHOCKING] Councillor John McElroy, cabinet member for the environment and transport at Gateshead Council, said the zone was necessary to help slash emissions levels. Speaking earlier this month, he said: “Not everyone will be charged to enter the Clean Air Zone. “From January 30, charges will apply only to older taxis, buses, coaches and HGVs that do not meet national emissions standards. “We’re encouraging owners of those types of vehicle to check whether they are affected and take the necessary steps to get ready before the CAZ launches at the end of this month.” READ MORE: New London ULEZ scrappage scheme launches today with huge grants Vans and light goods vehicles will not face charges until July 2023 to allow extra time for vehicle replacements, which are currently affected by a national supply shortage. The exact date in July is still to be announced, with the council outlining there will be no need for drivers to apply for any exemption as it will be automatically applied. Early notice letters were sent to more than 3,500 vehicle owners in and around the area in December 2022. These were mainly for taxi, bus, coach and HGV drivers whose vehicles don’t meet CAZ emissions standards. As part of the monitoring, Clean Air Zone cameras identified 417,146 unique vehicles entering the zone, with the vast majority being compliant or exempt from charges. This includes vans, which are exempt until July 2023, and private cars which are not affected by the zone. Councillor Jane Byrne, cabinet member for a connected, clean city at Newcastle City Council, said it is vital that people understand what the CAZ means for them. She added: “With less than a week to go before the Clean Air Zone launches, we are reminding the owners and operators of HGVs, buses, coaches and taxis to check whether they are affected. “Responsibility for paying a CAZ charge rests with you so it’s really important to check whether your vehicle is compliant and whether your route is within the zone.” Now the Clean Air Zone charges are active, payments can be made any time from six days before a journey, on the day of travel or by 11:59pm on the sixth day after driving in the zone. If a charge is not paid drivers may receive a penalty charge notice (PCN).