Millions of children around the world rely on aid agencies to provide emergency food supplies in areas ravaged by poverty, drought or conflict. Scottish charity Mary’s Meals, which feeds 2.4 million children 18 countries daily, said its costs have jumped by a fifth in the last year, the biggest rise in its 20-year history. Executive director Daniel Adams said: “An uncertain year lies ahead, with the escalating cost of living causing much pain for both the children around the world who eat our school meals and those here in the UK who make our work possible. “Simply put, our income is not growing at the same rate as the cost of feeding children.” The Daily Express travelled to Malawi with Mary’s Meals in October and witnessed first-hand how the charity is transforming young people’s lives. Children are given a hot breakfast of porridge at schools and other educational settings enrolled in the feeding programme, giving them an incentive to stay in education. Some would be sent out to work without the daily serving and when times are hard Mary’s Meals may provide the only food a child eats in a day. The porridge is served by dedicated volunteers, many of whom wake before sunrise and walk for miles to prepare the porridge in school cookhouses. But rising prices for commodities including grain and fuel mean the cost of feeding a child for a school year has increased from £15.90 to £19.15. Mr Adams appealed for support to stop children going hungry. He said: “There has never been a better – or more urgent – time to support our work. “Until January 31, 2023, donations to Mary’s Meals will be matched by a group of generous supporters, up to £1½million. “This means that any donation, no matter the size, will have twice the impact and help even more desperately hungry children. “The relentless kindness and generosity of people here in the UK have helped us to grow from feeding just 200 children in Malawi in 2002 to more than 2.4 million children around the world today. “It is because of these people that we approach the many challenges we face in 2023 with a deep sense of hope.” You can find out more about the Double The Love campaign here.