Motorists are being advised to only travel if it is "absolutely essential" by police, following numerous road accidents amid freezing weather conditions. Monday saw a level three cold alert issued by the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) in response to “severe winter weather”, as the cold snap begins to bite. Avon and Somerset Police received more than 100 reports of incidents on the road within five hours, issuing a warning to drivers not to travel unless they have to. In the wake of the road incidents, Superintendent Mark Runacres said: “We are advising the public to only travel where absolutely essential due to the treacherous driving conditions. “If travel is necessary, we ask the public to take extreme caution and allow additional time to travel.” Between 6pm and 11pm on Monday night, 53 road traffic collisions were reported to police. The majority were a consequence of the bitter temperatures causing driving conditions to become treacherous. Injuries were recorded as a result of the collisions, although none are thought to be serious. Brits will have to brace for the frosty outlook to persist throughout the week, with the Met Office confirming that the icy conditions will persist until Friday morning. Southern England saw forecasters issue a yellow weather warning for ice, which will remain in place until 10am on Tuesday morning. Jason Kelly, chief meteorologist at the Met Office, said: “Cold, icy and sometimes snowy conditions are in the forecast this week with the UK seeing more of a north-westerly regime, with temperatures well below average for the time of year. “Wintry showers are likely at points through the week in the north of England", Mr Kelly said, as reported in The Sun. “Warnings have been issued and ice is likely to be a hazard for much of the week with some tricky travel conditions possible.” He continued: “Maximum temperatures will largely only reach the low single figures with temperatures below freezing through most nights this week.” Cornwall and Devon have both also received separate yellow weather warnings for snow and ice. Northern Ireland, Wales and the north west of England have not managed to escape without yellow weather warnings either, with snow and ice predicted in these areas too. The warning remains in place until noon on Tuesday. Scotland too has its own yellow weather warning, which runs until 9am on Tuesday morning. London's homeless have been provided with emergency accommodation amid the ice cold temperatures. Sadiq Khan initiated the capital's Severe Weather Emergency Protocol (SWEP) on Monday as the city readied itself for the big freeze. According to reports, today's weather will be dry and sunny in many areas, with rain and some snow in the south-west, which will clear. Those in the west and north should expect scattered showers. Whilst in northern Scotland, there will be heavy snow and winds. Tonight will see sleet and snow in northern Scotland, with wintry showers and frost in Britain's central areas. Moving into Wednesday, the north and west should once more expect wintry showers. High winds are expected on the east coast, but it should be dry elsewhere with the sun breaking through in patches. Thursday should be mostly dry, with the exception of northern Britain. Friday will see rain in the west and north. Saturday is set to be wet in eastern areas, with cool temperatures that become warmer later.