The main topic of discussion during Friday's Loose Women was Prince Harry's latest claims about the Royal Family. Kaye Adams led the chat after sharing a clip from the royal's interview with Tom Bradby, which will air on Sunday night. However, things got rather heated during the segment and saw Kaye clashing with Denise Welch. Judi Love began the discussion by telling her co-stars that her main concern was Prince Harry. "I've kind of got to the stage where I don't want to engage in the theatrical side of this family and his family and them being apart. "I am just really worried and concerned about Prince Harry because it seems like there's so much that he wants to get off his chest. "I'm worried that at this moment he is so emotional, [and] that the same platforms that are allowing him to tell his stories will be the same platforms that will pull him down." READ MORE: Denise Welsh erupts over claims Harry trashing royals 'for money' Kaye cut in: "It is his choice. He is the one who..." "Do you make the right choice when you are making decisions from heavy emotions from things that haven't been healed," Judi fired back. When asked whether she believes it was a mistake for Harry to have been so open, Judi continued: "I feel it's a mistake for anyone to judge the situation just purely on the information that's put out there. "Whether that's by media, whether that's by the Royal Family not speaking or whether that's just by his story. "I think that the focus should more be on why someone needed to speak so much." Weighing in on the debate, Denise believes Prince Harry "has never forgiven the institution." She shared: "I think that Harry is talking as the 11-year-old boy who lost his mum. I don't think he's ever forgiven the institution for the way they treated her. "I don't think he's ever totally believed what happened in the Paris tunnel. DON'T MISS...Jennie Bond blasts Prince Harry over ‘unsavoury’ allegations  [VIDEO]BBC Breakfast's Mike Bushell sparks concern with 'tired' appearance [INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast host steps off-screen after Naga orders him away [REACTION] "I think he has lots of questions that have never been answered, and I think he's been told to push them all down." Kaye admitted she agreed with Denise to "a certain extent", but explained she thinks Prince Harry has "exerted his privilege." "Just because you are speaking out about something that you feel is a massive injustice in your life, doesn't mean you're damaged," Denise fired. Judi chipped: "He has said regards to his privilege, he has said that his outlook on things as a white male in Western society as a royal beforehand." Kaye later fumed: "If he is really concerned about equality, he should walk away from the monarchy." Denise and Kaye proceeded to talk over one another as they tried to get their points across. "He said he believes in the monarchy and he would like to reconcile with my family," Denise shouted. Kaye hit back in disagreement: "If you believe in monarchy, you don't believe in equality. They don't match." Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.