Manchester United are one of many clubs that could profit from the free agent market as players enter the final six months of their contracts in 2023. The turn of the year will provide the Red Devils with the chance to negotiate contracts with foreign players whose deals are up at the end of the campaign and there are several bargains to be had. Express Sport analyses four players that hypothetically should fall under consideration for Erik ten Hag... Lionel Messi On the basis of his blistering form at the World Cup, you cannot ignore that Messi is out of contract at the end of the season. Yes, it is massively unlikely that United will throw their hat into the ring but Messi has now shown he still has plenty of life still left in the tank. He can play in multiple positions and is unlikely to cost much more than the money currently saved from Cristiano Ronaldo's wages. No United fan is going to turn their nose up at landing Messi if the numbers make sense but we have to be realistic, this deal does not seem likely. Inter Miami are in the box-seat for Messi's signature, should he decide to depart Paris Saint-Germain. Youssoufa Moukoko Moukoko is a deal that makes much more sense for United given that there is already genuine interest. The teenager is one of the most highly rated young prospects in world football and he would be the perfect signing for Ten Hag's Old Trafford project. Borussia Dortmund are yet to strike an agreement with Moukoko over a new contract and the longer talks run on, the less likely he seems to stay. United are sniffing around alongside the likes of Chelsea and Liverpool but jumping into talks with the player in early 2023 would give them a head start on their transfer rivals. Evan Ndicka The Eintracht Frankfurt centre-back is being tracked by both Arsenal and Tottenham heading into January. While both clubs will be trying to thrash out a pre-contract agreement, United ought to throw their hats into the ring. Ndicka would help provide some extra competition and cover at the back, although there's an appreciation that United may need to sell one of their defenders in order to conclude a deal. Harry Maguire looks set for a fair crack under Ten Hag following an impressive World Cup while Victor Lindelof remains slightly shaky. Frenchman Ndicka is still only 23 and is only likely to get better meaning he could be the perfect backup for Lisandro Martinez. Marcus Thuram Thuram is a wildcard option that is worth considering for Manchester United. Not only is he tall, strong and skilful but he can also play both out wide or through the middle in a central role. The forward helped France turn things around the other day in the Word Cup final against Argentina before Les Bleus were beaten on penalties. Thuram's cameo from the bench will have done his chances of earning a big move no harm. United are looking for some extra firepower and Thuram could be the man to help them out given his contract is about to expire with Gladbach. He would not cost anywhere near as much as Cody Gakpo.