Washing dirty laundry can feel like a chore at the best of times but even more so when you're dealing with dull, stained whites. Whether it's a new t-shirt that you've ruined or once crisp white bath towels, baking soda is usually the go-to remedy for colour-correcting laundry. However, according to self-proclaimed clothing hacks expert and fashion stylist, Christie Moeller, denture tablets are all you need. And they cost less than £1 to buy. In a recent video on her TikTok profile, Christie Moeller (@christiemoeller) shared the quick tip that she swears by to revive off-white garments without spending a fortune on different stain removers. She said: "Here's a trick for brightening dingy whites. All you need is a basin of warm water and denture cleanser." You can buy these for just 99p on Amazon or £1 in Boots. The fashion stylist recommended using two tablets per bowl of water (around two litres), you just need to drop them in and leave them to dissolve before adding your white garments. Once the water has turned white and cloudy, you can "submerge" the laundry items - whether they be shirts, trousers, towels or socks. READ MORE: ‘Common culprits’ that shorten the life of your washing machine Christie recommended leaving the white clothing to "brew" in the water for about half an hour for the denture tablets to take full effect on stains and discolouration. She explained: "Denture tablets have whitening properties that break down stains, so they're great on white clothes. "After it's soaked, take it to the washing machine and launder as normal. When you get it back, that shirt's going to be whiter and brighter than before - just like dentures!" While the fashion stylist's tip was a hit with other TikTok users who had tried the laundry whitening method, Christie noted that it should be avoided when it comes to washing clothing that has "decorative" colour. DON'T MISS:Dry laundry with ‘brilliant’ sheet method - dries in ‘half the time’ REVEAL]‘Common culprits’ that shorten the life of your washing machine [INSIGHT]Time of day when cost of doing laundry can be '50%' cheaper [ANALYSIS] She added that it "won't get rid of really deep stains" like sweat, though it will brighten surface issues like grey tones and light residue from food and other substances. When you get around to laundering your pre-treated white clothing, a warm or hot cycle is best, according to the detergent experts at Ariel. While this applies to most clothing, towels and bedding, there are some exceptions to the hot-wash rule. The Ariel team said: "Sheer or delicate fabrics, such as lingerie and swimwear, require lower temperatures, while stains like blood, wine, and coffee might set if washed in warm or hot water, so you’re safer using a cold wash." READ MORE: Four ‘very costly’ home improvements to ‘avoid at all costs’ Adding white vinegar - another household cleaning staple to your wash cycle can also help to boost the vibrancy of white items. To use it in your washing machine, wait until the final rinse cycle and pour one-quarter of a cup of distilled white vinegar into the already running machine. You can do this in the detergent compartment if you are unable to pour it directly into the drum. If you don't have vinegar, lemon juice works just as well. Simply add one cup (around 200ml) of lemon juice into a full wash cycle at the start and let it work its magic. Of course, the best way to wash bright clothing is outdoors in order to harness the natural lightening powers of the sun. However, when this is not possible in winter, you should stick to gentle methods indoors. Instead of using a hot drying cycle, a lower setting with dryer sheets is much more effective to keep bright whites looking fresh. This is because an overly hot setting can leave a residue that causes yellowing, reversing all of your hard work on reviving the natural brightness in your laundry. Remove clothes from the dryer while slightly damp, and air-dry them on a drying rack for the best results.