Prince Harry will set out new claims in his new book Spare regarding a disagreement between his wife Meghan Markle and the Princess of Wales, Kate, it is believed. New reports claim that Harry will give his version of events on an alleged incident that is said to have occurred in the run-up to the Sussexes' wedding in 2018. Meghan is claimed to have told Kate "that she must have 'baby brain because of her hormones'." Kate, now the Princess of Wales, had just given birth to her youngest child, Prince Louis, a month before Harry and Meghan's May 2018 wedding, and was reportedly upset as a result of the comment. But, as the Daily Mail reports, Meghan was also offended after being reprimanded for the comment. Harry claims in his new book that Meghan was told she did not have a close enough relationship with Kate to make that kind of remark. A source told the Mail: "In the book Harry says that there was a discussion about the timing of the wedding rehearsal and the flower girl dresses and Kate was very upset. Meghan said that Kate must have ''baby brain'' because of her hormones. "It caused a huge row because Meghan was told that she wasn't close enough to her sister-in-law to discuss her hormones and it wasn't the way people spoke to each other within the Royal Family." The source added: "The book makes clear that Meghan felt the fall-out wasn't her fault, but it doesn't exactly make her look very good either." Harry also makes shocking claims regarding his brother, Prince William in the book, indicating just how fraught the divide within the Royal Family is. Leaks from Spare, obtained by the Guardian, show Harry recalling an incident from 2019 where he claims William physically attacked him. He claims he was "grabbed" by the neck and thrown to the floor. At one stage, Harry even describes his brother as "my Archnemesis." Regarding Meghan and Kate's relationship, this is far from the first disagreement to be reported. In November 2018, a report claimed Meghan had made Kate cry during a row over bridesmaids' dresses for the Sussexes' wedding. When Meghan addressed these claims in her interview with Oprah, she said that it was Kate who had made her cry. She even added that the now Princess of Wales apologised to her. The Duchess said: "It wasn't a confrontation, and I actually think it's… I don't think it's fair to her to get into the details of that, because she apologised. What was hard to get over was being blamed for something that not only I didn't do but that happened to me." READ MORE: Prince Harry describes harrowing conversation with Queen Harry and Meghan also discussed their relationship with William and Kate in their recent Netflix series. In the second part of the series, Meghan recalls meeting William and Kate for the first time, describing the differences in her and their body language. She said: "When Will and Kate came over, and I met her for the first time, they came over for dinner, I remember I was in ripped jeans and I was barefoot. I was a hugger. I've always been a hugger, I didn't realise that that is really jarring for a lot of Brits. "I guess I started to understand very quickly that the formality on the outside carried through on the inside.” Spare is available in bookshops and on audiobook by January 10.