Aryna Sabalenka won the Australian Open under a neutral flag today but insisted: “Everyone still knows that I'm a Belarusian player.”. The new world No.2 fought back to beat Wimbledon champion Elena Rybakina 4-6 6-3 6-4 in a high-class women’s final. Russian and Belarusian players were banned from Wimbledon but are allowed to play other Grand Slams under a neutral flag. And the new champion was presented with the Daphne Akhurst Memorial Trophy with her name engraved but without her country. Asked about being the first ever neutral winner of a Major, Sabalenka said: I think everyone still knows that I'm a Belarusian player. That's it. Will this be a big deal in my country:? I think so. I think people will be proud of me. But I think I will go back to Miami. I live there right now.” Wimbledon are currently deciding whether to readmit players from the two nations this summer. A power-hitting final saw the two players hit 82 winners between them with Sabalenka nailing 51. But she needed four match points - she served a double fault on her first - to seal her first Grand Slam win after two hours and 28 minutes JUST IN: Becker began strange Aus Open craze after title win by diving in river   I am just super happy ad proud,” she said. “It is the best day of my life right now. I think it's really the best match of my career. She played an unbelievable tennis. I fought so hard to win this one. II really enjoyed this battle.” Sabalenka fell to the court and cried at the end - and her coach Anton Dubrov was also in tears. “It was super emotional at the end. It was just super happy I was able to handle all the emotion in the last game. It was a super tough match. I have never seen him (Dubrov) crying. There were moments in the lsat year when he said: I think I am done. You need to find someone else. I know what he is feeling right now.” Moscow-born Kazakh Rybakina said: “I think Aryna raised her level in the second set. She played really well, aggressive, fewer mistakes. I should also have been more aggressive in some moments. I had some chances, for sure, to turn it around. But, yeah, she played really well today. She was strong mentally, physically. But I think overall it was a really good two weeks for me.” DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic accused of playing 'mind games' with Stefanos TsitsipasNadal may have played last ever Aus Open as Spaniard backed to retireAus Open allow Z T-shirt man back for Djokovic match after questioning Rybakina has the consolation of finally breaking into the top 10 tomorrow after not getting any ranking points for winning Wimbledon. “I don't think tomorrow I'm going to feel different just because of the ranking now,” she said. “But for sure it's going to be different in the smaller tournaments, I would say. I'm going to be seeded. Maybe in some tournaments I'm not going to play the first round. So of course there is some benefits out of this. But for sure I don't really look for the numbers ranking so much.”