US Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin and Army Gen. Mark Milley, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, are expected to discuss the latest massive package of aid the US is sending — which totals $2.5billion and includes Stryker armoured vehicles for the first time. But broader hesitation over sending tanks to Ukraine has roiled the coalition, as Germany faces mounting pressure to supply Leopard 2 tanks to Kyiv, or at least clear the way for others — such as Poland — to deliver German-made Leopards from their own stock. The US has also declined, at least so far, to provide M1 Abrams tanks, citing the extensive and complex maintenance and logistical challenges with the high-tech vehicle. The US believes it would be more to send Leopards since many allies have them and Ukrainian troops would only have to get trained on that one, versus needing far more training on the more difficult Abrams. But Germany is reportedly refusing to send Leopard 2 tanks to Kyiv until the US doubles down on its Abrams tanks promise. Berlin's reluctance to budge on military aid to Ukraine shows Olaf Scholz's concerns about long-term relations with Moscow, according to Associate Fellow at the Henry Jackson Society, Mr Darren Spinck. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Spinck argued Berlin is failing to prove to be on par with his NATO allies in Washington and in London. He predicted that once the war is over between Russia and Ukraine, Germany and the US will clash over who will have to foot the bill of Ukraine's restoration. He said: "The United States continues to disproportionately shoulder the burden of arming Ukraine compared to its European NATO partners. America’s latest $2.6billion military assistance package is expected to include 100 Stryker combat vehicles and 50 Bradley armoured vehicles. Total US assistance is now estimated at $24.5billion, with another $25billion earmarked for humanitarian and financial support. "Ukraine’s use of artillery against the Russian invasion has thus far outpaced munitions contributions from America and European NATO members, forcing the United States to risk its own national security by depleting an emergency depot of shells stockpiled in Israel. "The current level of commitment from the United States is untenable unless Germany and other large NATO members either increase their level of military support to pressure a capitulation from the Kremlin or influence Moscow to acquiesce to a political solution also acceptable to Kyiv." Referring to Germany's decision to block German-made tanks exports from Poland to Ukraine, he continued: "While Germany’s military aid to Ukraine is the third largest after America and the United Kingdom, Berlin’s current commitment is merely 10 percent of US aid, totalling $2.48billion. "The German government’s reluctance to contribute tanks to the Ukrainian government and its decision to block the export of German-manufactured tanks from third-party countries to Ukraine unless the United States sends Abrams tanks to Ukraine reflects Germany’s concerns of escalating the war past Ukraine’s borders. "German Chancellor Olaf Scholz has likely noted former Russian President Dmitry Medvedev’s saber-rattling nuclear threats following reports the Biden Administration is considering arming Ukraine with long-range weapons to target Russian military infrastructure in Crimea. "Berlin also wants its cake and eat it too when it comes to Russia, enjoying both the benefits of a US-led NATO to defend Germany and the rest of Europe from Kremlin aggression, while holding out hopes for a political solution to the Russo-Ukrainian war which will allow Germany to recommence warm commercial ties with Moscow. "The row between Washington and Berlin over Russia policy is not the first and will certainly not be the last. Should Russia and Ukraine reach a political solution, the next disagreement between Washington and Germany will likely focus on who will foot the bill for Ukraine’s reconstruction. READ MORE: Ukraine warns UK could be target for Russian cyberattacks  "Republicans in Congress who are raising alarm bells over current US aid for Kyiv should make clear to Berlin that while America and the United Kingdom have made significant financial sacrifices to help Ukraine defend itself and keep its economy afloat for the past year, Germany and the rest of Europe must not only take on the lion’s share of aid to post-war Ukraine, but ensure Russia is held responsible for damage to Ukraine’s infrastructure and economy." The United Kingdom announced last week that it will send Challenger 2 tanks, and has said it's a natural progression of military aid to Ukraine. At a Pentagon briefing Thursday, spokeswoman Sabrina Singh said the Leopard and Challenger aren’t comparable to the Abrams because the Abrams is much harder to maintain and wouldn’t be a good fit. "It’s more of a sustainment issue. I mean, this is a tank that requires jet fuel, whereas the Leopard and the Challenger, it’s a different engine." The Leopard and Challenger are "a little bit easier to maintain," Singh said. She added: "They can manoeuvre across large portions of territory before they need to refuel. The maintenance and the high cost that it would take to maintain an Abrams — it just doesn’t make sense to provide that to the Ukrainians at this moment." The package of aid being sent by the US includes eight Avenger air defence systems, 350 Humvees, 53 Mine Resistant Ambush Protected (MRAP) vehicles, more than 100,000 rounds of artillery ammunition and rockets, and missiles for the High Mobility Artillery Rocket System. It was announced Thursday by the Pentagon. DON'T MISS:Boris Johnson had plans to scrap British tanks now in Ukraine [INSIGHT]Zelensky rages fatal helicopter crash in Ukraine 'not an accident' [VIDEO]UK urged to give more support to Ukraine to end ‘end war quicker’ [ANALYSIS] Germany’s new defence minister, Boris Pistorius, who took office just an hour before he met with Austin on Thursday, is among those likely to attend the Ramstein meeting. Referring to the tanks, he told ARD television he was "pretty sure we will get a decision on this in the coming days, but I can’t yet tell you today how it will look." It was not clear if the tank issue came up during his initial session with Austin. During brief comments before the meeting began, Austin said, "we’ll renew our united commitment to support Ukraine’s self-defence for the long haul," but didn’t mention any specific new equipment. Nearly 11 months into the Russian invasion, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has expressed frustration about not obtaining enough weaponry from the Western allies. On Thursday, Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said he will continue to push Germany on tanks deliveries. He said: "This decision is crucial for Ukraine. Probably in February, according to various expert opinions and analyses, Putin is preparing for another offensive. Until then, the Ukrainians must rearm and replenish their resources where tanks or infantry fighting vehicles have been removed from the formation. This is why it is so important for us to complete modern tank brigades together as part of the activities of Western European countries "We agreed that we would hand over the tanks together. Consent is secondary. Either we will obtain this consent, or we will do the right thing ourselves. Here, the most important thing is that the Germans, Danes, Finns, French and other nations offer their modern tanks and heavy equipment as soon as possible. "The ability to defend freedom in Ukraine, and thus the security of the whole of Europe, may depend on it."