 It will trigger a revolt as people are forced to work until they drop, while many of the poorest will die before they get a penny. The state pension age will start rising to 67 from 2026, which is now just three years away. It was intended to climb again to 68 from 2044, but that could be brought forward by 11 years to as early as 2033, latest reports suggest. The big argument in favour is that the state pension is unaffordable as life expectancy rises, but that is less convincing as people are now dying younger. In 2014, official forecasts suggested that by 2028 the average 67-year-old man could expect to live to just over 88.1 years, rising to around 90.1 for women. Today, those figures have fallen to 85.7 and 87.8 years respectively. That is a shocking drop of almost two-and-half-years. Tom Selby, head of retirement policy at AJ Bell, said the move would be a huge money spinner, raising tens of billions in revenue. "The big question is whether Sunak decides this is worth the inevitable pain at the ballot box. “Telling millions they will have to wait longer for their pension might prove the final nail in the coffin of the Conservatives’ hopes of winning the next general election.” Yet Sunak may still press on.   Working into later life is all well and good if you are healthy. The economy is crying out for skilled, talented and experienced workers. But the state has to make better provision for workers who are too ill to carry on, said former Pensions Minister turned campaigner Baroness Altmann. Forcing everyone to wait longer for the state pension ignores huge differences in healthy life expectancy. “Millions only stay healthy to age 52, while the better off are well to 70,” she said. The state pension is only designed to pay a low basic income, topped up by company and personal pensions. Yet the least healthy also tend to be the poorest who have little pension of their own, leaving them totally exposed, Altmann said. Raising the state pension age to 66 has already pushed one-in-four 65-year-olds into poverty, double the number before, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies. This will get worse every time the state pension age rises, and new thinking is needed to help those left behind. Altmann is calling for Britons to have early access to the state pension if they are in poor health or have made, say, 40 or 45 years of NI contributions. "That way, people can get some money earlier if they need it.” READ MORE: 'You'll be next' - Waspi woman issues state pension age warning    Savers can start withdrawing money from company and personal pensions from age 55, which is not possible with the state pension. If they could draw state pension early, too, this would have to be at a reduced level as they would get it for longer. Selby said allowing early state pension access would help those with limited life expectancy. But they would struggle if they lived longer than anticipated, and had to scrape by on a reduced state pension. He added: “It could also present short-term cashflow challenges for the Treasury, especially if millions claim early.” Alternatively, Sunak could means-test the state pension or tax wealthy pensioners more. With the tax burden already at a 40-year high, that won't help him win any votes either. 