Love Island's Lana Jenkins dropped the bombshell that she had dated Owen Warner, the 23-year-old TV hunk best known for his role in Channel 4 soap Hollyoaks and his 2022 appearance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!. She disclosed that she was left heartbroken when their romance came to an end, to the point that she was incapable of switching on the TV to watch during his time in the jungle. Now, she has admitted during a game of Never Have I Ever that her recent ex-boyfriend was "an actor", and afterwards, unable to conceal his curiosity, Ron quizzed her and discovered his identity - Owen. An incredulous Ron laughed while exclaiming: "So basically I’m competing with someone who’s just come runner-up on a massive show and who’s an actor and I work in finance, yeah, erm, sick. This is great.” He added in the Beach Hut afterwards: "That was a shock, I don’t really know what to think about it...” Viewers will naturally now be wondering whether Ron Hall, who despite also getting flirty with Tanyel Revan still seems to be hankering after Lana, may feel differently about her after discovering the news. READ NOW: Jamie Redknapp on 'perfect' wife Frida as he shares divorce struggles She had broken up with Owen two years before entering the Love Island villa, but has previously already admitted that the loss still feels raw. Making reference to him before meeting the other contestants, she explained: "I have had one heartbreak which was my last relationship, but I think coming out of that made me a better, stronger person. I’m all about forgiveness. I think if I forgive, then it makes me feel better." She added that she doesn't "necessarily think a bad break-up is a bad thing in the long run". The reality star, who is from Luton in Bedfordshire, originally met Owen through mutual friends way back in 2020 - and the affection quickly blossomed into a love affair.  "[Zara's] out of the picture, obviously, and you’re the whole picture," he insisted. Lana replied with a non-committal, "that's nice", and a smile, but Ron was undeterred. He then continued: "Obviously, with the game, we keep finding ourselves kissing each other in challenges but we haven’t really had a proper one - and I want one now." She gently rebuffed him by warning that she had lip gloss on, but he told her he didn't care - and then they smooched. Talking in the Beach Hut afterwards, she gushed: "‘It feels like he genuinely has a connection with me. This proves that he is for me." Ron was equally enamoured, later claiming the evening of the kiss had been his best on the show "by a mile". He added that he'd had the romantic moves set up and prepared for a couple of days, planning to surprise her with his overtures. Yet although Lana declared that she thought he was "smooth", some fans tweeted their concern that he could be a little too smooth - and worried that it would all end in tears for her. As a love affair looks to be on the brink of unfolding, viewers will have to wait to see whether Ron's feelings will endure over time, and how much her big reveal might change the landscape.