The Masked Singer viewers have been busy trying to figure out the identities of this year's contestants. However, could Knitting have accidentally revealed themselves as former Steps star Claire Richards? For weeks, The Masked Singer viewers have noticed Knitting's singing voice bears a striking similarity to Claire's. The Steps member has fitted many of the clues Knitting has shared, but Claire appeared to throw viewers off the scent on Saturday evening with a Twitter post. Claire said Knitting could be Loose Women legend Jane McDonald but her followers did not believe her, noting the post was "suspicious" and a "cover-up". The 45-year-old took to Instagram in recent days to share an update about her weekend plans, which caused a stir. READ MORE: Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz She shared a picture on her Instagram story of her participating in some crafting with various tubs of materials. The singer wrote alongside the picture: "Happy Saturday. This is where I'll be for the foreseeable!" The image was posted shortly before the latest episode of The Masked Singer, which saw Knitting perform No More Tears and then Memory in the sing-off. Various clues which match Claire include a magpie which may reference the Step's song One for Sorrow as well as a riddle fans have linked to the band's song 5,6,7,8.  Knitting more recently said they wanted to leave the light on, which fuelled further theory, with fans suspecting it's a reference to the song Scared of the Dark. The Masked Singer fans have been flocking to Twitter with their theories about Knitting. Stu penned: "Knitting is absolutely 100 per cent Claire Richards from Steps. That voice is pretty recognisable." Chris shared: "Claire Richards tweeting her guesses for #MaskedSingerUK whilst clearly being one of the contestants is giving me Inception vibes." DON'T MISS...The Masked Singer’s Jellyfish ‘uncovered’ as fans spot ‘magic’ clue [UPDATE]‘Don’t care!’ Davina McCall speaks up after backlash over racy outfits [LATEST]The Masked Singer viewers 'definitely' know the identity of Knitting [THEORY] Kate said: "Okay, I definitely hear Claire Richards from Steps as Knitting now." Chris quipped: "The one absolutely clear clue that Knitting is Claire from Steps is that she doesn’t do a single dance move #maskedsinger." Heather added: "As a loyal Steps fan I know that is Claire #MaskedSinger." Jack Charnley commented: "Knitting is a billion per cent Claire from steps, there is no hiding that voice #MaskedSingerUK."  Cat and Mouse left the competition on Saturday after they were identified as Shirlie and Martin Kemp. Shirlie said: "It is just so off the wall. It's so much harder to sing in the mask than you imagine it will be." Martin admitted: "I was more nervous. I could literally hear my heart in my ears." The Masked Singer continues on ITV at 7pm on Saturday. 