A bereaved little boy from Co. Durham was given a surprise police motorcycle escort on Sunday to honour the bravery he has shown since his dad passed away. Harry Farrell was just four years old when his dad Craig Farrell died last May aged 39. Craig's passing left Harry, his step-daughter Molly and his partner Emma Overton devastated. For Christmas Santa Claus brought Harry a present he had always wanted which was a miniature police bike, but on Sunday members of the local police force went one step further and gave the young boy a police escort complete with flashing lights around his local streets. Durham Roads and Armed Policing unit shared the inspiring video on their Facebook page and in it, a beaming Harry, now aged five, can be seen riding his miniature motorbike at the head of four police motorbikes on patrol. Harry's mum, Emma, said: “It was such a nice surprise for him, he was completely shocked when all the officers turned up. He had such a great time leading them around our street and posing for pictures with them. “He had such a great time leading them around our street and posing for pictures with them. “Last week, Harry had told my mam that he was going to be a teacher when he is older, but now he says he is going to be a police officer.” The moving tribute to the little boy's bravery was inspired by PC Phil Skevington, from Durham Constabulary’s Motorcycle Section, who had seen videos of Harry proudly riding his new bike and made contact with the family. After hearing about his story and what Harry had gone through over the last seven months, he decided to organise a little surprise visit for him. As this video and pictures show, an excited Harry can be seen doing a great job of leading the pack of officers on their bikes and smiling ear-to-ear as he performs in the procession. Yesterday (January 15), PC Skevington, together with fellow Durham PCs, Sam Oliver and Ian Calvert, and Cleveland Police officer, PC Andy Pickering, asked Harry to lead them on a special patrol. READ MORE: Mafia boss of bosses finally finds justice after 30 years on the run Harry's mum Emma said: “I can’t thank Phil enough for organising this and taking such an interest in Harry. The police often get a lot of bad press, but things like this show that they are human and they really do care about their communities.” Harry, who turned five in December, happily led the four officers on a patrol of his cul-de-sac, posing for pictures with his new colleagues and talking to them about being police officers. PC Skevington said: “After hearing what Harry had gone through last year, we just wanted to help bring a little bit of cheer and make him smile. “We did a few laps of his cul-de-sac, posed for some photos, and gave him a few mementos, including his own Durham Roads and Armed Policing badge to add to his police vest. “He had a great time – and so did we. It’s lovely to be able to do something nice for someone who has been through such a tough time recently, especially so young.” DON'T MISS: Severe cold set to grip the UK with snow and ice forecast   