First airing back in 2007, Benidorm kept the nation laughing for over a decade as fans watched a group of British holidaymakers make the most of the Spanish weather at the resort Solana. Although the show was axed in 2018, fans can’t get over how different one cast member now looks. Adam Gillen, who played Liam Conroy in the ITV sitcom, looks a far cry different to when he first made his Benidorm debut. Most fans will remember his role for being part of the maintenance team at the Solana resort before he changed careers in the series five finale. Viewers watched as he decided to leave the holiday destination with Kenneth Du Beke to work at the Blow ‘n’ Go Salon. Although he was no longer part of the regular hotel staff, Adam’s character continued to be part of the show right up until series 10.  READ MORE:Ruth Langsford shares Eamonn Holmes bedroom confession During his time on the ITV show, the actor appeared fresh-faced with ginger-hued strawberry-blonde hair. However, 11 years on from starring in Benidorm, he now looks unrecognisable with a beard, facial hair and light blonde hair. The 37-year-old has over 24,000 followers on Instagram where he regularly posts what he’s now up to since leaving the popular sitcom. Although his days on Benidorm are over, the star has kept in contact with one cast member in particular and it looks as though they’re a real-life couple.  On his social media, there are numerous photos of him with actress Laila Zaidi, who played Cyd in the series. Sharing a sweet photo of them together from two years ago, his fans were stumped to discover they were in a relationship. Commenting on the image, user xx.allicia.xx said: “THEY ARE A REAL LIFE COUPLE." With gloriafeatherstonex adding: “Lovely picture of you both x  DON'T MISS... Waterloo Road fans in uproar as beloved character killed off  [REACTION] EastEnders fans spot key scene ‘exposing’ father of Lily Slater’s baby [SOAP] James Jordan sparks uproar as he defends Ola weight loss comments [VIDEO] Much to many fans upset, the show was axed back in 2018 after keeping viewers laughing for 10 series. The final episode saw the Dawson family try and get home in time for their 25th wedding anniversary party, although as there was baggage handlers strike, it wasn’t straightforward. There was also worry for the workers of the Solana Hotel as it was revealed that the resort was being taken over and sold. Despite Sir Henry trying to reassure workers that nothing would change for them,. Staff, the show ended with a jealous Monty punching him in the face  Although there was speculation at a convention that the show would be returning for a series 11, actress Siobhan Finneran, who played Janice Garvey, put the rumours to bed. She told The Sun: “Cast and creatives met at a comedy convention for the show, back in the summer, and some stories about a possible TV revival grew out of that. “But sadly that was all they were, rumours. “You should probably never say never to anything so popular but as far as I know it won’t be coming back at any point.”