Prince Andrew's accuser, Virginia Giuffre, is unlikely to "remain silent" once the gag order in her settlement with the Duke lifts next month, a lawyer representing Jeffrey Epstein's victims said in a recent interview. Lisa Bloom, a lawyer who represents eight of Epstein's accusers, also describes Ms Giuffre as a "tremendous advocate for women, not only victims of Jeffrey Epstein, but victims in general". "I don’t expect her to remain silent. I expect her to continue to use her voice to speak out. And I hope that she does," the lawyer told Times Radio. Ms Giuffre has long alleged she was trafficked and abused as a teenager by Epstein, who died in 2019. In February, Andrew reached an out-of-court settlement with Ms Giuffre to stave off a civil court case. Ms Giuffre had been suing the Duke of York in a civil claim in New York, claiming he sexually assaulted her on three occasions when she was 17. Andrew has repeatedly denied the allegations and the undisclosed sum was not an admission of liability.   The settlement included a one-year agreement that neither party would publicly discuss the case or settlement details, which expires in mid-February. Now, one year later, sources told The Sun she has signed a book deal worth "millions". It is believed the memoir will discuss her allegations against Epstein. It remains unclear whether it will include details surrounding the settlement she reached with the Duke of York, 62. READ MORE: King Abdullah II's unorthodox 'stealth' tactics of governance It is now believed the Duke is considering a legal bid to overturn his settlement with Ms Giuffre after she dropped a separate sexual abuse lawsuit against US lawyer Alan Dershowitz in November.  But law professionals have questioned whether the Duke will be successful in overturning the settlement, which he agreed to. Ms Bloom told Times Radio: "It’s never going to be resurrected. It’s never going to come back because of the decision that he made as a grown man to settle the case." Lawyer Alan Collins, a sex abuse compensation specialist, told Express.co.uk: "As for the suggestion that settlement monies would have to be paid back I simply do not know, but we have to remember an agreement was entered into, and the parties are bound by it." He added: "They concluded a deal. It would be extraordinary for all that to be undone. I'm not saying it is impossible but it would be extraordinary.”