Doctor Who star Sophie Aldred has exclusively opened up to Express.co.uk about whether the long-running BBC series could face cancellation again after being axed in the 1980s. The 60-year-old played Time Lord’s assistant Ace between 1987 and 1989 with Sylvester McCoy as the Gallifreyan time traveller. She was also part of the series when it was rested by the BBC on an indefinite hiatus having been on screens since 1963. Reflecting on the show getting canned the first time in 1989, Sophie said she, McCoy and the rest of the cast were unaware of the broadcaster’s decision. She said: “It was a very good thing we didn’t know because the morale was very, very good and it was great fun and we all got on, the cast, crew, everyone got on.” The British actress said filming wrapped on the series and it wasn’t until a couple of weeks later when she got a call from McCoy telling her the bad news. Aldred said: “It was really disappointing because quite as much as anything else Doctor Who was my drama school. I never went to drama school, so I learnt so much doing Doctor Who.” READ MORE: Doctor Who star 'burst into tears' after being asked to return She explained it wasn’t about losing work but rather “missing the camaraderie” between the cast and the crew while making Doctor Who. Adding: “It was a real shame.” At the time, Doctor Who had really fallen out of favour with the BBC and the corporation’s executives keen to drop the axe on the show and had tried to do so previously. The show was even put up against ITV soap Coronation Street in a bid to “kill it off”, which it did and gave the broadcaster a reason to rest it. She said: “I think it was just a loss of faith with the franchise and they just wanted something new.” Reflecting on whether she thought Doctor Who might come back prior to its 2005 reboot - given the term ‘hiatus’ generally indicates a few years at the most - Aldred said: “Well, there were rumours.” She continued: “I think we kind of knew immediately that this doesn’t look good because they tried to stop it before in Colin Baker’s era and we knew what the officials thought of Doctor Who.” Despite efforts to revive Doctor Who with a TV movie in 1996 with Paul McGann, which was widely viewed as a backdoor pilot to a TV series, nothing came to pass. It would be another nine years before Russell T. Davies and Julie Gardner brought Doctor Who back to screens with the show becoming a resounding success following much petitioning. Since Doctor Who has returned to screens, it’s been a huge hit again and sent many stars’ careers into the stratosphere, including Matt Smith, Karen Gillan and David Tennant. Davies will be returning to Doctor Who as showrunner as the series enters its 60th year on screens with Tennant and Catherine Tate reprising their respective roles as the Doctor and companion Donna Noble, paving the way for incoming Time Lord Ncuti Gatwa. Aldred even reprised her role as Ace in 2022 for the BBC 100 episode The Power of the Doctor as the broadcaster celebrated its centenary milestone, showing how well-loved Doctor Who remains now. Doctor Who has a huge global fanbase but also faces criticism from some corners of the fandom, leading to fears of cancellation. DON'T MISS...GB News uproar as Angela Levin claims Meghan left Harry 'to the lions' [VIDEO]Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [INSIGHT]Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive [VIEWER REACTION] Does Aldred think Doctor Who could be taken off the air again? “I think there’s a very different attitude towards it,” she said. “When we celebrated the 25th anniversary of Doctor Who, there was no merchandising available at all. “Now, fast-forward to this year coming up - 60, I can assure you there will be merchandise aplenty available for fans and I think the day until the BBC stops making money off us - it’s a commercial picture - but I think they would be a bit bonkers to cancel it.” Indeed, with Disney Plus now serving as the international home of Doctor Who outside of the UK, it looks like the show can only grow further. Davies was positive about the deal, which was announced last year and means Doctor Who will potentially be reaching more audiences than ever before in its history. Doctor Who will return to BBC One in 2023