Prince Harry has a "fixation" on "tearing down" his brother Prince William, according to a royal expert. The comments come as the Duke of Sussex is set to release his explosive memoir Spare next week. "I am at a complete loss when it comes to Harry's fixation on tearing down his older brother. Prince William has spent a significant amount of his life protecting Prince Harry's heart and feelings," royal commentator Kinsey Schofield told Express.co.uk. She claimed that Prince William has been looking out for his little brother since they were kids, however, Harry seems nothing but "resentful" in return. She said: "When his mother was pretending their riding instructor wasn't her lover, when a young Harry was asking, 'Who is Camilla?' It was William that covered Harry's ears and eyes and tried to protect his younger brother. "When Harry reluctantly returned from active duty, it was William shielding him from the press. When Harry wanted to release a rare statement condemning the treatment of his new girlfriend, Meghan Markle, William immediately signed off on it.  "Harry seems incredibly resentful. He wants you to think that he's the only member of the royal family that married for love. Then celebrate the fact that you found your soulmate and you're in a position to love and grow your family in an environment that you chose. Thank the world for your blessings. Be a grateful man instead of such a sad sack." Prince Harry is prefacing the release of his memoir with three pre-recorded interviews set to premiere Sunday - one with ITV's Tom Bradby and one with Anderson Cooper on 60 minutes and another with Michael Strahan on Good Morning America. In a clip for the ITV interview, the Duke claims he wants to reconcile with his father and brother. Ms Schofield, however, claimed if that was the case the Sussexes wouldn't have released so much potentially damaging material about the royal family in recent months. "Actions speak louder than words. Harry and Meghan's actions have been very destructive towards Harry's family. Their actions have consequences and those consequences are Harry's family distancing themselves for self-preservation," she said. READ MORE: Prince Harry labels Prince William his 'arch-nemesis' in new book  The ToDiFor Daily podcaster added: "If Harry really wanted to reunite with his family, he could have killed his reality show or tell-all book but he chose not to. This is just a strategy to amplify their victimhood narrative, which has been very lucrative for the Sussex brand." Last month, the Sussexes released a docuseries through streaming giant Netflix in two three-episode blocs on December 8 and December 15. The show detailed the couple's relationship and subsequent marriage as well as their struggles with the Palace and the media as Meghan settled into royal life. Now, in an apparent media blitz, the Prince will release three sit down interviews ahead of his memoir - excerpts from the book have been leaked and have rocked royal watchers, sparking debate across the globe. Ms Schofield claimed that the media endeavours made Meghan and Harry a "liability" to the Firm, meaning that any reconciliation would likely be a long way off. "I don't think there is any benefit in the royal family continuing to include them. They are a liability," she said. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry was told Meghan 'not welcome' at Queen death bed [REPORT]The 10 biggest bombshells from Prince Harry's book and interviews [INSIGHT]Harry says he 'begged' Charles not to marry Camilla [ANALYSIS] Prince Harry's interview with Anderson Cooper will air Sunday at midnight GMT on CBS's 60 minutes. CBS is not available in the United Kingdom but clips of the sit down will likely appear on the network's YouTube channel. The Duke's interview with Tom Bradby airs on ITV at 7pm GMT, also on Sunday. He will also appear on Good Morning America with Michael Strahan on Monday, January 9 at 7am EST. This will be followed by a special, "Prince Harry: In His Own Words | Michael Strahan Reporting" later on ABC News Live. Teaser clips for the interviews have seen Harry describing how he wants his father and brother back while also insisting the "truth" needs to be made public. Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10. 