Manchester United have been warned that they have a slim chance of signing top target Harry Kane this summer, following fresh contract talks between the England captain and Tottenham. Erik ten Hag’s outfit are hoping to land a new striker in the summer and Kane headlines their shortlist along with Napoli hitman Victor Osimhen, though they may not be able to land Spurs’ star man. Sky Sports Germany have claimed that recent contract talks between Kane’s representatives and the club have seen Spurs become very optimistic about their chances of tying down Kane to a new contract. His current deal expires in 2024 and there had been reports suggesting that the north London side would be willing to entertain offers upwards of £80million. Bayern Munich are long-term admirers of the striker and have publicly hinted that they will move for the man with 16 Premier League goals in 21 games so far this campaign, though the report has stated that while the Bundesliga giants have not given up hope, they are increasingly pessimistic about their chances of signing Kane. After Kane scored the winner in his side’s 1-0 win over Fulham on Monday, he suggested that talks would begin in the near future regarding his future. “There’s not been much talk if I’m totally honest,” Kane admitted. “I’m sure they’ll be conversations over the coming months but to be honest I’m just focused on this season and doing my best for the team. “There’s still a lot to play for, trying to get in the Champions League, we have the FA Cup and the Champions League still to try to win. My focus is on that. I know there’s going to be rumours, a lot of talk and speculation about my future but I’m just focused on what I can do. “Of course I still want to win trophies for Tottenham Hotspur. That’s been my goal since I started playing first-team football with them. It hasn’t happened. I’ve been open about [how I feel about] that but I’ll continue to try to achieve that. DON'T MISSTransfer news LIVE: Arsenal £60m Caicedo bid, Chelsea deals die, Gordon swapCaicedo 'responds to Arsenal bid' with private Brighton messageArsenal chief Edu has 'considerable funds to spend' with next signing decided "We have a really good squad, a fantastic manager and there’s no reason why we still can’t be successful this season. We’ve just got to put everything we can into it and see where we are come May.” United will be disappointed to miss out on Kane, though Spurs were likely to put a premium on Kane’s price tag for a Premier League rival. Having brought in Wout Weghorst on loan from Burnley as a short-term fix for their striker woes, the likes of Osimhen, Goncalo Ramos and Marcus Thuram could come into consideration by the United hierarchy.