Season 13 of Blue Bloods will be making its midseason premiere with episode nine called Nothing Sacred. The CBS show has been off-screens since December last year when it went on its regular hiatus. Now fans can rest easy as the show hits screens once more with a thrilling new case. Nothing Sacred will be airing today (January 6) on CBS and Paramount+ in America, along with the main cast there will be some guest stars. Erin Reagan actress Bridget Moynahan is directing the episode as well as starring in it. An episode summary reads: “Reagan family tensions run high when Frank (played by Tom Selleck) and his grandson, Joe Hill (Will Hochman), contend with a grievous insult to the memory of Joe’s father, Joe Reagan. “Also, Erin and Henry work together to bust an over-the-phone scammer targeting the elderly; Danny intervenes in an undercover assignment led by his spiraling [sic] former partner; and Eddie’s captain takes suspicious interest in her efforts to locate a stolen puppy.” READ MORE: Blue Bloods’ Baker star shares season 13 sneak peek Paula Hill - Bonnie Somerville Bonnie Somerville takes on the role of Paula Hill with the actress best known for her role in Mona in Friends. She’s also starred in NYPD Blue as detective Laura Murphy, Code Black and Golden Boy, among her roles across film and television. Donna Duvall - Erika Slezak Veteran star Erika Slezak portrays Donna Duvall with the actress most famous for her roles in One Life to Live. She has also starred in Danielle Steel’s Full Circle, Next Stop, Christmas, The Resident and Guest Artist. John Dixon - Ben Thompson  Naomi Dixon - Erin Anderson  Bob Youngblood - Michael Tourek Michael Tourek is Bod Youngblood with the actor perhaps best known for his role as the Snells’ ill-fated henchman Ash in Netflix’s Ozark. He’s also had roles in Office Christmas Party, The Walking Dead, Boss Level, American Rust and Doom Patrol. Elyse - Austin Elle Fisher Child star Austin Elle Fisher is going to be playing Elyse after featuring in Netflix’s new series Kaleidoscope, Atlanta and Blue’s Big City Adventure. Annie - Kila Ever Fellow child star Kila Ever will be making her television debut as Annie in Blue Bloods. Officer Meyers - Matt Consalvo Matt Consalvo will be playing Officer Myers with the actor sporadically appearing in Blue Bloods over the years in various small roles.  DON'T MISS...Prince Harry’s memoir torn apart as he ignores racism claims [INSIGHT]GMB viewers brand Prince Harry coverage 'torture' as they beg 'stop' [VIEWER REACTION]Denise Welsh erupts over claims Harry trashing royals 'for money' [VIDEO] Carl - Jim Ferris Jim Ferris plays Carl and has had roles across a myriad of projects including Bridge of Spies, Marry Me, Jessica Jones and most recently featured in Netflix’s Partner Track. Felix - Justin Rodriguez Justin Rodriguez portrays Felix and has had roles in Pose, Everything’s Trash, Girls, Awkwafina Is Nora from Queens and Let the Right One In. Dwayne - Ronnie Castellano  Other cast members include Hanna Edwards as Wanda, Michael Cash as Colin, Hunter Thore as Wayne and Austin Green as Elyse’s Dad. Blue Bloods season 13 airs weekly on Fridays at 10/9c on CBS and Paramount+