Australian Open semi-finalist Tommy Paul may pay the price for snubbing Novak Djokovic's handshake, with the Serb showing that conflict is spurring him on to play sensational tennis in Melbourne. Alex de Minaur lit a fire under Djokovic following their fourth-round clash earlier this week, and the veteran responded with a resounding win over Andrey Rublev. Djokovic has only dropped one set at this year's Australian Open despite coming into the tournament with a hamstring issue. At times, the Serb has appeared in some discomfort with a taped-up left thigh, but he has won every set since losing a tie-break against Enzo Couacaud in the second round. That includes a dominant win over home favourite De Minaur, who only managed to put five games on the board against the 21-time Grand Slam champion. When quizzed on Djokovic's injury after tasting defeat, the Australian said: "I think everyone’s kind of seeing what’s been happening over the couple of weeks. "It’s the only thing everyone’s been talking about. Either I’m not a good enough tennis player to expose [the injury], or it looked good to me. I just think it’s very interesting. That’s all I’m going to say." DON'T MISS: Djokovic's controversies include expulsion and injury suspicions That seemed to spark something in Djokovic, who responded in the media: "I leave the doubting to those people – let them doubt. Only my injuries are questioned. When some other players are injured, then they are the victims, but when it is me, I am faking it. It is very interesting. I don’t feel that I need to prove anything to anyone." He also delivered an emphatic response on court, thrashing fifth seed Andrey Rublev 6-1 6-2 6-4 to book his spot in the semi-finals against Paul on Friday. Having rediscovered a video from the Laver Cup last year, fans are beginning to fear the worst for the American with some believing he intentionally snubbed a Djokovic handshake. Djokovic, who was part of Team Europe, comfortably beat Frances Tiafoe of Team World and went over to shake hands with the other members of the opposition. John McEnroe, Taylor Fritz and Felix Auger-Aliassime were among those to get an embrace from the Serb, but Paul appeared to blend into the background and distance himself from the round of handshakes. Fans have tagged Djokovic in the video on social media, with some believing it could give him an extra incentive to down Paul in the semi-finals. The American has taken a more arduous route to the last four with a five-set win over Alejandro Davidovich Fokina and four-set triumphs over Roberto Bautista Agut and Ben Shelton. Despite murmurings of a rift between the pair stemming from last year's handshake incident, Paul was complimentary of Djokovic after sealing his ticket to the semis. "I'm really excited [for the semi-finals]," he told reporters. "It's even cooler if I do get to play Novak. That's who I want to play. I'd probably have a better chance of winning if it's [Andrey] Rublev, but to play Novak here in Australia would be awesome." 