Manchester United will block any request made by Nottingham Forest to play loanee Dean Henderson in their two-legged Carabao Cup semi-final. The Red Devils have drawn the Premier League strugglers in the last four of the competition but Henderson is not eligible to play against his parent club. Reports suggested that Forest would seek permission for Henderson to play in the two-legged tie. The goalkeeper was the hero in the club’s penalty shootout victory over Wolves in the quarter-final on Wednesday evening. Henderson was playing in the game despite Wayne Hennessey generally being the chosen shot-stopper for Forest’s cup fixtures this season. He saved penalties by Ruben Neves and Joe Hodge to see his side through to the semi-final. Forest wanted the 25-year-old to play against his parent club, despite loan rules meaning players cannot play against teams from whom they sign temporary deals. Regardless, United will block any attempt by the Reds. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag facing pressure to make four transfer calls That is according to MEN, who report that Forest head coach Steve Cooper is resigned to not having Henderson available. Second-choice goalkeeper Hennessey will instead play in both legs of the semi-final. Erik ten Hag is in pursuit of his first trophy as United boss and will not hand an opponent any advantages. Henderson admitted earlier this season that his last year at United before being allowed on loan had been the hardest of his senior career. He was initially Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s first-choice goalkeeper before Euro 2021, but was forced to withdraw from the tournament with injury. He returned to find David de Gea had regained the No 1 shirt. DON'T MISS...Man Utd hero Eric Cantona leaves Beckham in the cold over Qatar dealFive Man Utd transfer targets off limits 'even if Glazers sell up'Joao Felix vs Wout Weghorst - Are Chelsea or Man Utd getting best deal  Henderson told talkSPORT: “To be honest, it has probably been the toughest 12 months of my career. It has been tough, hard, and I am so happy I have gone out the other end of it. “I am so excited to be at Nottingham Forest and ready to go. The conversation I had coming out of the Euros squad was ‘you’re coming back here to be the No.1.’ I got COVID, came back, so I should have still been the No.1, but then unfortunately nobody followed through with what they had told me. “It was frustrating because I turned down so many good loans last summer for that reason, and they would not let me go. To sit there and waste 12 months, it is criminal really, at my age, I was fuming. “I worked hard off the pitch and on the training pitch to keep improving, day-in-day-out, and now I am looking forward to the season with Nottingham Forest. I didn’t really want the manager to come in and see me in training because I knew that he’d probably want to keep me so I tried to do it all before I left for the season.”