The Royal Navy has unveiled its latest weapon that will help protect the UK from future Russian attacks on the nation's critical underwater infrastructure. Western leaders were rocked last September, after an explosion destroyed sections of the Nord Stream 1 and 2 gas pipelines in the Baltic Sea. The pipelines were essential conduits for Russian gas to European markets, and the explosions caused an "enormous" amount of methane gas to leak into the sea. Investigators believe the blasts were a deliberate act of sabotage after discovering traces of explosives on several objects retrieved from the area. Although no one has taken responsibility for the attack, the finger of suspicion inevitably points towards Russia. The explosions have brought into sharp focus the vulnerability of Western critical infrastructure to attacks by hostile agents. With the world economy and government communications becoming ever more dependent on the internet, fears are growing that Putin could cause huge financial and security chaos by targeting underwater cables. Around 95 percent of the world's information is circulated in these data cables. Russian submarines and spy ships have been aggressively operating near the vital undersea cables in recent months, causing further alarm in Western capitals. As part of Britain's protection against any such future attacks, the Royal Navy has purchased a new £40million mine-hunting ship from Island Offshore. The 317ft MV Island Crown arrived in Plymouth at the start of this week, giving the public its first glimpse of the Navy's latest weapon. The vessel will undergo some conversion work at Devonport naval base, before being deployed to work side-by-side with autonomous mine-hunting systems already operated by the Navy. It will serve as a mother ship to launch drones for detecting mines and can be operated autonomously. The MV Island Crown will play a "crucial" role in defending Britain from its enemies, the Ministry of Defence said. Alex Chalk, the minister for defence procurement said: "This is another significant step forward in the modernisation of Royal Navy capabilities and use of autonomous systems to complement our crewed fleet. READ MORE: Crown Princess Victoria channels Kate in sapphire earrings "This vessel will play a crucial role in the detection of undersea threats, keeping our personnel out of harm’s way while they conduct vital operations.” The head of the UK's armed forces warned last year that Russian submarine activity is threatening underwater data cables. Admiral Sir Tony Radakin said that any attempt to damage them could be considered an "act of war". He told The Times that there had been a “phenomenal increase in Russian submarine and underwater activity” over the past 20 years. This activity could “put at risk and potentially exploit the world’s real information system, which is undersea cables that go all around the world”. He added: "That is where predominantly all the world’s information and traffic travels. DON'T MISSLabour in 'Britain first' ships pledge [NEWS]Royal Navy veteran, 97, takes to water for first time sunk in war  [SPOTLIGHT]Squadron of Russian SU-24 fighter bombers roars past Royal Navy ship [REVEAL] "Russia has grown the capability to put at threat those undersea cables and potentially exploit those undersea cables.” In December 2020, there was a collision between the HMS Northumberland and a Russian submarine. The Type 23 frigate was on patrol in the North Atlantic and engaged in a high stakes game of cat and mouse with the submarine at the time. A video captured the moment of the collision, which caused consternation among the ship's crew in the operations room. One sailor is heard saying: "What the f**k have I just hit?"