BBC viewers have been told to “just turn off” after complaining the latest series of Silent Witness is “getting worse” and they are “disappointed” with the storylines. The latest episode, titled Hearts of Darkness, saw Dr Nikki Alexander (played by Emilia Fox) and Jack Hodgson (David Caves) caught up in a clash between levelling-up leaders and environmental activists in a small town. As the two groups clashed, Dr Nikki and Jack had to deal with the fallout of a sabotaged train and a dead mayor. The activists became the suspects in the murder investigation into the mayor’s death. In the next instalment, set to air on Tuesday night, the Lyell team return to the crime scene as another victim is in peril. Jack is also put in a difficult position when a blast from the past comes to visit. READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star The team must work quickly and are pushed to their limits as they reveal dark secrets which caused the tunnel collapse and subsequent deaths. While some fans have enjoyed the latest run of episodes, many BBC viewers took to Twitter to complain about the recent storylines. Andrew Jazzie posted: “There are some of us who’ve stuck with Silent Witness for over 25 years and over 220 episodes. “We might all be a bit daft and should have given up years ago but we don’t really deserve the abomination that Silent Witness has become. It is absolutely ridiculous.” Dave asked fellow fans: “Why am I still persevering with Silent Witness? “The scripts and stories are ridiculous, the dialogue is pathetic and some of the acting is worse than amateur. This used to be a great show. It's shocking bad now.” Michelle exclaimed: “I have never missed an episode of #SilentWitness but I’m so disappointed with this series. I’m so cross that the BBC could let down the loyal viewers like this.” Graeme Meldrum added: “As someone who has been a fan of #SilentWitness for years and years, it gives me no pleasure at all to say S26 has been absolutely dreadful. Toe-curlingly bad. Shame.” DON'T MISS...Silent Witness welcomes back a familiar face to the BBC series [LATEST]Silent Witness won't be on this evening due to a schedule shake up [UPDATE]Here's a look at the cast of Silent Witness episode Star [INSIGHT] Maria Sheehy continued: “#SilentWitness @BBC so disappointed. Every series gets worse. And why bring in new characters with poor scripts, terrible acting and no real reason for them to be there. Absolute rubbish.” However, other fans hit out at those complaining, pointing out they could simply switch channels. Debbie Blackman tweeted: “I don't understand everyone spending the whole episode complaining how bad it is. Just turn off and not watch and let fans enjoy it #SilentWitness.” Susan Susy added: “Well, I enjoyed it. I wish Clarissa & Leo were still in it too but things and people move on. There's nothing wrong with making a political point. #SilentWitness.” Actress Emilia recently spoke about playing Dr Nikki for 18 years and said she still found the show “gripping”. “Trying to find out what happened in the last 10 minutes of someone's life, trying to piece that together through pathology,” she explained. “Trying to work out what happened by going through the body and finding the clues within the body. Combining that with the forensic science. “I find the medical scientific side of it absolutely fascinating. It is personally stimulating as much as professionally stimulating - you're learning all the time.” Silent Witness is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.