Former Manchester United striker Cristiano Ronaldo could be set to hand Erik ten Hag a parting gift in the form of a solution in the transfer window for the Red Devils, following his move to Saudi Arabian side Al Nassr. The five-time Ballon d’Or winner had his contract at Old Trafford terminated before the World Cup following his explosive interview with Piers Morgan, and has subsequently moved to the Middle East. Saudi Pro League side Al Nassr announced that they had completed a deal to sign free agent Ronaldo on Friday, as he is set to receive over £177million per year at his new club. His arrival could signal departures from the club, however, as Al Nassr reportedly wish to pair Ronaldo with a creative winger in order to get the best out of the 37-year-old. It could be a busy January window for United also, as they are attempting to replace Ronaldo and bolster Ten Hag’s options up front. Anthony Martial has started both Premier League games as a centre-forward since Ronaldo’s exit, though it is thought that the Dutchman is hoping to sign another striker. Cody Gakpo was mentioned as a potential target, but Liverpool swooped in and announced a deal for the ex-PSV forward for a fee that could reach £50m. There have been claims that United overspent in the summer on deals for Casemiro and Anthony, and only have enough money for a short-term loan in January for a striker. READ MORE: Man Utd set to seal bargain deal as £10.6m striker 'to snub two sides' The Daily Mail have claimed that Ronaldo’s arrival at Al Nassr could see the Middle Eastern side move Vincent Aboubakar in the other direction. The Cameroon captain and World Cup hero could leave the club on loan, and United have been evaluating him as a potential option alongside Barcelona’s Memphis Depay and Borussia Monchengladbach forward Marcus Thuram. The 30-year-old striker was the star of the African Cup of Nations last year, scoring eight goals in seven games as he was the tournament’s top scorer. His link-up play could also bring out the best of the likes of Marcus Rashford, who may have one last thanks to Ronaldo for making Aboubakar available in the January window. DON'T MISSBeckham snubbed by King Charles as England icon left off New Year HonoursMan Utd 'lose Saudi Arabia deal at 11th hour' as plug pulled after meetingMan Utd boss Ten Hag takes on second job at Old Trafford after Murtough talks Ten Hag has highlighted the need for a striker, but reiterated the difficulty in signing one this month. “It’s always difficult. Strikers are expensive, especially in the winter,” said Ten Hag ahead of the 1-0 win over Wolves on Saturday. “But you have to set the limits high. We’re looking for it. We need to be creative and do everything we have in our power to get the right players in, who are fitting in the balance. "It’s about timing and availability. It’s about so many circumstances playing a role in that. It’s a long period and the window hasn’t even started.”