An English farmer is being prevented from protecting their land against criminals and joyriders due to planning laws. The powerless farmer says intruders are targeting his farm and killing some of his animals amid a rise in rural criminality. To keep criminals off his land, Colin Rayner, who farms near Heathrow Airport, set up concrete blocks across one of his gates and some truck tyres along the inside of a field boundary. But Buckinghamshire County Council has ruled the farmer is in breach of planning laws and has threatened with legal action unless he removes the barriers by January 31. Mr Rayner says he has support from his local MP, the local district councillor and the Thames Valley police rural task force inspector. But he feels there is only one option but to comply with the council's order. He told the BBC: "Basically, during the summer when we worked in the field, we had cars driving through the boundary of the fence and driving at high speed. We then found them driving out of the field when we were ploughing. "So we decided we needed to do something urgent quickly to try and stop them from gaining access to our land."  Asked how effective the barriers have proven to be, Mr Rayner said: "They have been 100 percent effective." The farmer now finds himself in a tricky situation, as abiding by the council's order will inevitably lead to renewed intrusions in his land. The council, he said, pointed him to a website from which he will get an answer in four weeks. Mr Rayner said: "That is beyond 31 January [deadline]." Amid pressure from his council and the risk of a criminal record, Mr Rayner says he has "thrown in the towel". He explained: "This week, we took the decision to throw the towel in because I don't fancy a criminal record. I don't fancy going to court. I don’t fancy having an enforcement note. The thought scares me." READ MORE: Margo Price - Strays album review The court’s order means he will have to accept a "high level of crime" on his farm. The issue has become systemic in Buckinghamshire where all farmers have set up obstacles to stop joyriders and criminals. "And it costs us a fortune moving these concrete blocks every time we want to go in the field. And if we don’t put them there within minutes of us leaving, they will be out there." Mr Rayner regrets that the council fails to understand the level of crimes farmers in Buckinghamshire are facing. "We’ve had great support from the police but their numbers are limited," he said, which means a joyriding car on a colleague’s farm at 2 o’clock on a Sunday morning is not as important as a fight in Slough for instance. Buckinghamshire County council’s cabinet member for planning and re-generation told BBC4 he is in breach of planning because of "visual harm to the character of the area". DON'T MISS:Farmer slams turkey shortage 'myth' blaming price war on supermarkets [REPORT]  ‘Sweet wrapper’ was actually a £38k diamond ring [REPORT]  Antiques Roadshow expert exposes detail of 'rare' teapot [REPORT] Peter Strachan said that while they understand barriers are a cheap and easy fix to keep trespassers away, they cannot go against planning laws because it could create a precedent and send a message to other farmers that this is an acceptable solution. Mr Rayner defended this as a "temporary measure" because his colleagues were in danger. He offered to paint the truck tyres and the concrete green and plant them with trees. But he has never heard back from the council about his solution. Now that he has removed all the tyres, he said "they’ll just have to accept all the crops being damaged. We will have to accept burnt-out cars in the middle of our field. This is what we have to tolerate when farming in Buckinghamshire." READ NEXT:Trade friction with EU and lack of support to farmers threatening UKClarkson's Farm star Kaleb Cooper makes just 50p an hour farmingCountryfile fans outraged over 'disgusting' pig segment 'Switched offLet's send eco-loonies to China and see how their antics go down thereAustralian farmer, 95, rescued after two days stuck in mud