Brazilian winger Tete will be in England on Friday to sign for Leeds, according to reports in France. The Shakhtar Donetsk forward has been on loan at Lyon but the Ukrainian side are set to terminate their agreement with the French club so the highly-rated 22-year-old can sign for the Whites on a permanent deal.  Tete has been closely watched by a number of Premier League clubs in the past 12 months including Leicester City - who could yet edge their rivals to a transfer deal. Fabrizio Romano claims the Foxes are now in advanced talks to sign Tete ahead of Leeds. Shakhtar are said to have made it clear to Tete that they would be willing to cut his loan spell with Lyon short in order to agree a permanent transfer this month if the right offer arrived. Meanwhile, French newspaper L'Equipe say Tete will be in England as soon as today to sign for Leeds in a transfer swoop that not many saw coming - although it appears Leicester are in fact in the box seat. The Whites have already spent in excess of £40million this month on two new arrivals in the form of Maximilian Wober and Georginio Rutter, respectively. READ MORE: Newcastle 'had discreet swap bid rejected' by Everton during Anthony Gordon transfer talks But with Jesse Marsch's side flirting dangerously with another relegation dogfight, it appears the board are willing to dip their hands deep into their pockets to maximise Leeds' chances of survival. Tete joined Lyon in March 2022 following Russia's heartless invasion of Ukraine where all football was suspended amid the concerning conflict. The loan deal, which was sanctioned due to the temporary termination of contracted players in Ukraine, was initially set to run until June 30 but FIFA then extended the system for the 2022/23 campaign. Despite Lyon's struggles, Tete has been one of their standout performers having netted six times in 17 Ligue 1 outings so far this season. DON'T MISSLeeds stance on signing Azzedine Ounahi after opening Juventus talks for Weston McKennieLeeds chief executive outlines risky transfer plan after club-record Georginio Rutter dealLeeds receive transfer boost as next Jesse Marsch target 'wants move' with offer expected  He was also on target twice and registered five assists in nine matches last term following his left-field move to the Groupama Stadium. The agreement for Tete comes at an interesting time for Leeds, who have received strong interest in attacker Jack Harrison from Leicester. Marsch desperately wants the 26-year-old to extend his contract with the Whites after the winger entered the final 18 months of his current deal. He was also the subject of interest from Newcastle last summer. Leeds are also now edging closer to landing Juventus midfielder Weston McKennie as negotiations continue with the Italian giants.  The USMNT midfielder has already given the Whites his word that he will join the club should an agreement be struck between the two sides. McKennie would also join international team-mates Brenden Aaronson and Tyler Adams at Elland Road amid reports the San Francisco 49ers are planning to carry out a full takeover of the Whites. Arsenal, Aston Villa and Bournemouth have also been linked with the 24-year-old in recent weeks as he targets a way out of Juventus - 18 months after his loan from Schalke was made permanent. The Bianconeri need to offload as a sale could ultimately hold the key to some much-needed January recruits for Massimiliano Allegri before next week's transfer deadline.