Brits are set to see a return of colder and more unsettled conditions according to the UK's leading forecaster, the Met Office. In its long range weather outlook for next weekend and the rest of the month, wet and windy weather could cause havoc for some. Any colder interludes will be "short lived", the forecaster added. It starts this Friday, January 6 - with parts of the north seeing mist and fog at first, with some showers in the far north.   Focusing on January 6 to 15, it continued: "On Friday, patches of mist and fog are possible across the north at first, with perhaps a few showers in the far north. Meanwhile, cloud and rain are likely across the south, clearing eastward through the day. "Conditions will briefly become more settled from the west through the afternoon, before further rain arrives for the weekend. For the rest of the period, unsettled weather conditions are expected to continue for many, with the wettest and windiest conditions most likely in the west and northwest. "Locally heavy rain likely on western upslopes, and some wintry precipitation across northern hills. "Strong winds possible across the UK. Temperatures overall will be near normal or mild, though some short-lived colder interludes are also likely at times." A risk of more snow won't come until later in the month, it says. Looking ahead from January 16 to 30, it reveals which regions will see the worst of the conditions. It adds: "This period will see a continuation of a westerly flow, bringing a northwest/southeast split across the UK. "Northern and northwestern areas will continue to see the wettest and windiest weather, meanwhile the south may see more settled conditions. Occasional colder interludes may bring a risk of fog, frost, and snow, but generally temperatures will be mild for most." The mixture of different weather fronts comes after December concluded 2022 as the warmest year on record for Britain. It did however say that due to the cold snap, which brought temperatures down to -15C in some places, the festive month was the only one which saw below-average thermometer readings. READ MORE: UK to be hammered by wildfires, storms and heatwaves in 2023  That's according to early provisional Met Office figures. In its weather blog, the forecaster said: "With 2022 provisionally confirmed as the UK’s warmest year on record for the UK December ended a 15 month run of above average temperatures (from September 2021) with an overall cool, dry and sunny month for the UK compared to 1991-2020 long-term averages. "The cold snap ended with a dramatic change to much milder conditions bringing widespread thaw conditions. "Temperatures for the remainder of the month were mostly above average for the time of year, though December overall will still go down as a cool month for the UK with the average mean temperature at 2.7C, which is 1.5C cooler than the 1991-2020 average."   Mike Kendon, a climate information scientist working for the National Climate Information Centre in the Met Office said: “December’s weather will principally be remembered for the notably cold start to the month, with prolonged low temperatures, hard frosts and snow and ice at times, even to areas further south in the UK. “This cool weather was principally brought on by an Arctic Maritime airmass, with daytime temperatures struggling to rise above freezing for many in what was one of the most significant spells of low winter temperatures since the exceptional December of 2010.” 