Lisa Marie Presley was rushed to hospital after she suffered cardiac arrest on January 12, with her mother, Priscilla Presley, later confirming the sad news of her death. The sad news comes just days after Elvis Presley's only daughter attended the Golden Globe Awards 2023. Elvis' daughter was just 54 years old when she died and was married four times during her life, including Hollywood star Nicolas Cage. Speaking out for the first time, the actor said in a statement: "This is devastating news. "Lisa had the greatest laugh of anyone I ever met. She lit up every room, and I am heartbroken." He added to The Hollywood Reporter: "I find some solace believing she is reunited with her son Benjamin." READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley's ex Michael Lockwood 'very sad' over death  Lisa Marie's son, Benjamin Keough, died by suicide in 2020. Lisa Marie and Nicolas, now 59, began dating in 2001 but their relationship was up and down, as they first split in early 2002. Later that year, though, they reunited and tied the knot in August in a lavish ceremony. Nicolas then filed for divorce in November 2002, and they ended up finalising their divorce in 2004. The Gone In Seconds star spoke highly of his ex-wife after they separation despite claims of a tumultuous relationship. At one point in their engagement, while enjoying a boat ride, Lisa Marie's $65,000 six-carat yellow diamond engagement ring was mysteriously thrown into the ocean, reported The Sun. Divers were hired to recover the gem, but it was never found. Nicolas reportedly then bought Presley an upgraded 10-carat version. DON'T MISS... Lisa Marie Presley's final social media post leaves fans heartbroken[LATEST]Lisa Marie Presley slurs words at Golden Globes just before death[VIDEO]Lisa Marie Presley's ex Michael Lockwood 'very sad' over death[TRIBUTES] At the time of their split, Lisa Marie released this statement: "I'm sad about this, but we shouldn't have been married in the first place. It was a big mistake." Meanwhile, Nicolas revealed in an interview with Barbara Walters in 2016 how it "wasn't meant to be". He said: “Oftentimes when you have two people who are very strong and their own personalities and rather intense, sometimes you can have a hard time meshing. "It’s sad and I miss her every day. “And sometimes I wish we couldn’t have rushed the marriage and sometimes I regret rushing the divorce, but it just seemed like it wasn’t going to change." Immediately after his divorce filing, he said in a statement: "I did not talk about the marriage and I am not going to talk about the divorce. But I loved her." Nicolas was one of four husbands of Lisa Marie, with other spouses including first husband Danny Keough, then Michael Jackson, and, most recently, Michael Lockwood. Announcing the death of Elvis Presley’s only daughter, mother Priscilla shared in a statement: "It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us. "She was the most passionate, strong and loving woman I have ever known." Lisa Marie is survived by her daughters Danielle Riley, 33, and 14-year-old twins Harper Lockwood and Finley Lockwood. 