It comes hot on the heels of learning that “field” is now also a no-go area because enslaved people worked in fields. Quite a few others worked in fields, too, and were not enslaved; others of us have even been known to go for agreeable walks in fields. Where is this all going to end? But to ban the use of the word “mate” is an unkindness to the British male. Our menfolk are, by a long shot, the best in the world, but they have been known to be a little uptight, and this is depriving them of a male bonding ritual which has been a staple of British Male Life (BML) for decades. Calling each other “mate” is a rite of passage, a sign that you really, really like someone, although you’d never dream of saying so in public. It’s the precursor to long-lasting friendships and affection unless it’s used by a woman, in which case it’s a barely concealed weapon of aggression and a sure sign that the chap (not mate) in question has done something wrong.  BML is made up of all sorts of these gestures. Off the sports fields, the British male doesn’t really go in for hugging (thank goodness) and a friendly punch on the arm to another male is a sign that all is well. BML is actually quite similar across what’s left of the class system; it’s marked by ritual, at its best courtesy and the desire to adhere to an unwritten code.  Anyway, what possible offence could possibly be caused by calling someone “mate”? What over-sensitive snowflake could possibly object to that? It’s denying the British male his birthright, which has been bred into him over the generations, handed on from father to son and even understandable to people from other lands. Years ago a Canadian journalist spent some time in this country and came up with possibly the best description of the British male ever written. “What you have to understand,” she said, “is that what British men want more than anything else is to spend their time with other British men.”   Some bright sparks in Cyprus have released advice on how to survive a nuclear blast, including the fact that it’s wise to avoid doors, windows and corridors. Right. It reminds me of the brilliant skit Civil Defence in Beyond The Fringe in which one old duffer (played by Peter Cook) comments that there will be a four-minute warning. “You might not think that’s very long,” he says, “but some people in this country can run a mile in four minutes!” Pretty much sums it all up. See you underneath the kitchen table.  Apparently the great and good in the world of sex workers (as we must call them now) are all lining up in Davos in the hope of a good payday. Should we be surprised? Events of this type always attract the world’s oldest profession. I refer to bankers, of course.  Harry and Meghan say that Jeremy Clarkson has been spreading “hate rhetoric.” Just what do they think they have been doing themselves?  BBC Wildlife magazine has come under fire for releasing pictures of a baby baboon clinging on to its dead mother hanging from the jaws of a leopard. They are indeed rather distressing, but the mag is quite right to report that this is the reality of what goes on in the wild. I once saw a lioness kill an impala in Kruger National Park: it was incredibly bloody and so gruesome that all present agreed that had we been watching a wildlife programme we’d have switched off. But that’s nature for you. Pretty it ain’t.  One of the very few pop concerts I have ever attended was by Madonna: it was about 15 years ago and given that she was one of the icons of my generation, I thought I’d better see the old bat before she hung up her conical bra once and for all. Madonna has just announced a new tour to mark the 40th anniversary of her breakout single Holiday; it may well not be the last. There were three truly great popstars in the 1980s: Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna. The first two are dead. Madonna and the cockroaches will outlast us all.  The chairwoman of the Food Standards Agency, Professor Susan Jebb, has said that bringing cake into the office should be seen as harmful as passive smoking. Too right. I once worked in an office (mainly female) in which people brought cake into the office almost every day to much oohs and aahs from the assembled women: needless to say most of them were the size of houses. We have turned into a nation of gluttons: just when did this kind of behaviour become normalised? Society is constantly plying people with food, warns the professor, and, “we undervalue the impact of the environment.” Leave 24-hour catering to the cruise ships. Nothing tastes as good as slimness feels.   Today on Radio 4 broadcast a piece yesterday about the “prank” on the BBC’s live coverage of the FA Cup which was interrupted by pornographic noises on a mobile phone taped to the set. Half the listeners will find it funny, half will be baffled, proclaimed the pompous Nick Robinson, who seemed to find the whole thing hilarious. Wrong again. A fairly large proportion of us are appalled that it’s now seen in some quarters as acceptable to broadcast pornography in public (I know it was meant as a prank, but some idiot thought it all right to put it there). I’m no prude, but my goodness, Mary Whitehouse was right. 