With bills on the rise, many people will be feeling the pressure to keep up with rising costs. It’s important for Britons to check what discounts and reductions they may be eligible for as this could help make vital savings. A television licence is needed to watch or stream live programming, or anything on BBC iPlayer, with the money going towards the funding of the BBC. Live TV means any programme being watched or recorded as it’s being shown on TV or live on any online TV service. It’s not just live events like sport, news and music. It covers all programmes on any channel, including soaps, series, documentaries and even movies. It is needed to watch live content that is on streaming services, such as BBC iPlayer and Amazon Prime, however, Britons could be eligible for a refund if they only watch Netflix and YouTube. READ MORE: Energy bills: 5 ways you are losing energy and what to do next - 'easy way' to save £270 Of these, around 340,000 are registered as blind or partially sighted so could qualify for a discount. A TV Licence costs £159 a year for colour TV, and £53.50 for black and white. In comparison, a television licence for a blind person would cost £79.50 for colour and £26.75 for a black and white TV licence. To qualify for the 50 percent concession, claimants must provide TV Licensing with certain documents to confirm that they’re certified as blind (severely sight impaired). READ MORE: Top rate account’: Savings provider launches new account paying 4.54% These documents include:CVI (Certificate of Visual Impairment)BD8 CertificateA certificate or document issued by a Local Authority that shows they are registered as blind (severely sight impaired)A copy of a certificate from an Ophthalmologist (eye surgeon), stating that they are blind (severely sight impaired). They won’t need to provide this information again when they renew their TV Licence. If a person or someone they live with is blind (severely sight impaired), regardless of their age, they can apply for a blind concession.If they already have a TV Licence, but it isn't in the name of the person who is blind, they’ll need to transfer the licence into their name. They can do this by making a first-time blind application. They’ll just need to enter the existing TV Licence number for their address when they apply. If the blind (severely sight impaired) person is under 18, a different process will apply. People who are partially sighted (sight impaired) do not qualify for a 50 percent blind concession. How to apply for 50 percent off Britons will need to print the completed form. Then post documents that prove they’re certified as blind (severely sight impaired). People can send their completed form, cheque payment and a photocopy of their local authority document or ophthalmologist’s certificate to: They're directed to include either their licence renewal notice or TV Licence number if they have a current TV Licence. If someone has already paid the full fee for a TV Licence, but qualifies for a blind concession, they can request a refund and TV Licensing will refund them the difference.