Kate Ferdinand, 31, has been married to former professional footballer Rio Ferdinand since 2021, with the couple having one son together. Fans were overjoyed when the former TOWIE star took to Instagram this morning to make the announcement that she is expecting her second child with Rio with a sweet video revealing her blossoming bump. Kate posted the black and white video in view of her 1.4 million Instagram followers where she began by walking away from the camera. The influencer then turned to the side, moving her coat to reveal her baby bump. She captioned the video: "We've been praying for you..." Many social media users rushed to the comments to congratulate Kate and Rio on the exciting news. Leannebreakspear wrote: "Congratulations. This gives me so much hope. READ MORE: Cheryl received 'sign' from Girls Aloud's Sarah Harding through radio "I lost my baby around the same time as you in the same way last year. This gives me hope." Charomoko added: "Congratulations Kate...Best Wishes throughout your pregnancy." Annalous commented: "Oh congratulations what lovely news Kate! So happy for you." The exciting announcement comes after Kate revealed she had suffered a misscarriage last July. Kate discovered she was pregnant with her second child in June last year, a day before her birthday and she and Rio were "so excited" for their youngest, Cree, to have a sibling close in age. Rio and Kate welcomed their first child together, Cree, in December 2021. Rio is also dad to Lorenz, 16, Tate, 14, and Tia, 11, from his marriage to his late wife Rebecca, with Kate taking on the role of stepmother. The TV personality explained she initially experienced morning sickness, which suddenly went away, and she suffered bleeding on the day of her 12-week scan. Speaking on her Blended podcast she said: "It was really hard when you're grieving a loss that no one can see." DON'T MISS... Jennifer Lopez' ex Marc Anthony remarries as their children stay in LA [INSIGHT] George Clooney opens up about Bell's palsy diagnosis [HOLLYWOOD] Salem's Lot and James at 15 actor Lance Kerwin has died [DEATH] Detailing her journey she continued: "I found out I was pregnant the day before my birthday. "We were due to get on a boat and go drinking the next day and I was so seasick, it was a crazy birthday. Everyone else was crazy and dancing, I hadn't told anyone and I was so sick on the boat. "I was so excited. Rio was so excited, we couldn't wait to have a sibling around Cree's age because the big kids are much older. "We just thought it would be lovely for him to have a little friend running around. The kids clocked on this time so we told them and some family this time." Kate then explained how she wasn't prepared for the aftermath of her loss, explaining it was the "longest weekend of my life". She continued: "I wasn't prepared for what happened afterwards. We had planned how to tell everyone. We had filmed the kids and were going to go home and put it on social media. "I just wanted to get out of the room but also thought of leaving the room terrified me because I have to go and tell the children and go home and act normal. "It was a Friday and Lorenz's birthday was on Sunday and then surgery was on Monday. It was the longest weekend of my life."