Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola did not appear to be in the mood for questions as ITV reporter Gabriel Clarke interviewed him prior to his side's FA Cup tie with Arsenal on Friday. The Spaniard did not want to answer questions regarding Mikel Arteta's team selection, as the Gunners made six changes from their side that defeated Manchester United 3-2 on Sunday. When asked repeatedly by ITV about his thoughts on Arsenal's team selection, Guardiola denied to answer and suggested it was a quesiton for Arteta - who had yet to speak to to broadcaster before the two sides kicked off. Guardiola was asked for his reaction to the team that Arteta named and double-checked to make sure that was the question, before answering: "Mikel has come in? [No he hasn't spoken yet] OK ask him. I don't know, it's his decision, I approve what every manager does. I don't know, [it's] a strong team. Arsenal. To beat Arsenal you have to have quality and just take a look at what you have to do." The Spaniard shrugged took a long pause when told that he was not facing Arsenal's strongest team, as the likes of Martin Odegaard and Gabriel Martinelli were rotated out of the starting lineup, before saying: "It's a decision for Mikel so what can I say? It's Arsenal and I take it seriously." He was asked to describe the relationship he had with the man in the opposite dugout on Friday, as Arteta was Guardiola's assistant at Manchester City before taking up the Arsenal job. "[We are] really good," Guardiola bluntly replied. "We worked together so we have a good relationship. Both want to win, nothing is going to change. Before and after we will be there and both will want to win." Guardiola admitted he has been very impressed with the Gunners so far this season. "Really well [Arsenal have played] to get 50 points in one leg, it's so important. Good manager, they control all departments and all aspects, set pieces, high pressing, defending. To do what they have done, you have to be a really good side." DON'T MISSTransfer news LIVE: Arsenal £60m Caicedo bid, Chelsea deals die, Gordon swapCaicedo 'responds to Arsenal bid' with private Brighton messageArsenal chief Edu has 'considerable funds to spend' with next signing decided  Manchester United icon Roy Keane was surprised at Guardiola's interview. "I think Pep should smile a bit more and that’s coming from me," he told ITV, which prompted a laugh from colleague Ian Wright. Though Keane felt that Arsenal made a mistake in making so many changes to face Guardiola's outfit. “It’s a huge gamble,” Keane added. “Huge gamble, to make so many changes - especially in defensive positions, the goalkeepers. Listen, you could probably make one or two but that’s a huge gamble to make so many changes at the back, especially with the attacking players obviously Man City have got. “Yes and no [I understand why]. Of course the priority for Arsenal because they’ve had such a great start is the league, but to make so many changes defensively, people are talking about the priorities, but it’s still January." 