High blood pressure is feared for a number of reasons, but a major concern is its blood clotting effects. These occur when pressure exceeds a certain threshold, causing plaque deposits to harden. The subsequent narrowing of arteries produces an ideal environment for blood clots to form. Fortunately, these harmful processes can be thwarted by making simple lifestyle tweaks, such as juicing. One of the more promising dietary additions for the control and treatment of high blood pressure is beetroot. Beetroot is high in nitrates, which helps relax the blood vessels and allows them to accommodate increases in blood volume. In fact, several studies have shown that adding beetroot and beet products to the diet can help promote healthy blood pressure levels. In 2015, research conducted by Queen Mary University showed that purple juice lowered blood pressure over a sustained period. READ MORE: Eat certain fish to lower blood pressure, expert says An intervention group experienced around 20 percent blood vessel dilation capacity, while a 10 percent reduction in arterial stiffness was also observed. Earlier research published in the Nutrition Journal observed reductions in blood pressure within just six hours of beetroot juice intake. The study was conducted on a sample of fifteen men and women, who were randomised to receive 500 grams of beetroot and apple juice or a placebo beverage. Volunteers had blood pressure juice measured at the outset of the trial, and for at least 24 hours following juice intake using an ambulatory blood pressure monitor. Researchers observed a downward trend in systolic pressure (SBP) at “six hours” after drinking beetroot juice, compared to the control group. The researchers wrote: “Analysis in men only after adjustment for baseline differences demonstrated a significant reduction in SBP of 4/5 mmHg at six hours after drinking beetroot juice.” Similar studies observations were made for the consumption of black plums in a paper published in the Pharmacognosy Reviews. READ MORE: Blood pressure drug recalled over contamination with toxic chemicals The study, performed on rats, revealed a significant reduction in blood pressure of hypertension rats within 45 minutes of intake. The researchers noted that “both the systolic and diastolic blood pressures were significantly reduced within 45 minutes after oral administration of the extract”. The third purple fruit linked to reductions in blood pressure is blueberries, according to the Journal of Gerontology. A study presented by publication in 2019, showed that consuming just 200 grams of blueberries, which equates to one cup, improved blood vessels function and systolic blood pressure.