Whoopi Goldberg erupted at a school administrators accused of ignoring staff and student reports about a six-year-old pupil who had brought a weapon on campus. The unnamed Richneck Elementary School student later shot and injured teacher Abigail Zwerner, 25. Zwerner has announced she will sue the school after her lawyer claimed the administration "could not be bothered to intervene" - a claim which left The View presenter fuming. Goldberg said: "A 25-year-old teacher who was shot in the chest by her six-year-old student who brought a gun to school intends to file a lawsuit. "And her lawyer laid out a timeline of how many red flags officials ignored that day." The View then played a clip showing Zwerner's lawyer Diane Toscano outlining how her client had raised the alarm alongside two other colleagues after learning of the pupil bringing a weapon on campus. Toscano said: "Abby went to a school administrator, as was protocol, to tell them the six-year-old had threatened to beat up another child. JUST IN: Mum faces up to 27 years in jail after leaving new born son on river bank to die  "Another teacher went to the school administrator, she believes the boy put the gun in his pocket before going outside for recess. The administrator downplayed the report from the teacher and the possibility of a gun saying, and I quote, 'well, he has little pockets'. "A third teacher tells the administrator of another boy who is crying and fearful after he bravely confesses to his teacher the perpetrator showed him the gun at recess and threatened to shoot him if he told anybody. "A fourth employee, who heard about the danger, asked the administrator for permission to search the boy, he was denied." Goldberg appeared visibly furious at the end of the clip, hitting out at the school administrators for failing to take action despite the alleged repeated warnings about the student's threats. READ MORE: Biden to snub UK trade deal to appease trade unions with 'America first' strategy  The View host said: "A school representative declined to comment saying it's an ongoing investigation but added the school is under new leadership. "Oh hell yeah! How is it that anyone in a school who hears the word gun does not take immediate action? "Does not say, 'we're shutting everything down, we're searching every kid, we're going to do...? "Who says, 'well, it'll be alright?' What the f...what? You know...who?" Fellow presenter Joy Behar raged at the failure of the United States to address the gun violence epidemic that continues to result in growing death rates on the streets of the country. DON'T MISS:Jonnie Irwin shares kiss with wife on break amid cancer battle [INSIGHT]Charlotte could get unique royal title due to King's 'change of heart' [REVEAL]Expectant mum 'livid' after friend announces her pregnancy on Facebook [REPORT] Behar said: "The beauty of this story is the right-wing of this country would have us believe that it has nothing to do with the guns and that the solution to these types of shootings is to arm the teachers. "So now the teacher has a gun – was she supposed to teach the kid? What would've happened if she had a gun? Who was she supposed to shoot? They also say that a good guy with a gun is a good solution - well, there were good guys in Uvalde and they were too scared to go in against an AR-15. "So that didn't work. I would just like to say that this country needs to grow up, we need to grow up. We're the only civilised country – well, not civilised but I guess democratic country in the world – that has this problem. "We're between Venezuela and Brazil with the most mass shootings. There were 40 mass shootings in the first 24 days of this year." Newport News Police Chief Steve Drew said the attack on Zwerner was "intentional". The gun was legally purchased by the boy's mother. The family said the gun was "secured" and said the boy has an "acute disability". Lawyers representing the six-year-old's family said: "On behalf of the family of the child, we continue to pray for Ms Zwerner and wish her a complete and full recovery. Our hearts go out to all involved." A spokesperson for Newport News Public Schools said: "Anything that has been reported to our school leadership team in regards to concerns at Richneck from teachers and staff members is part of the investigation. It's being thoroughly investigated." 