China and the US could be in a shooting war within two years, partially due to Joe Biden's "weakness" on the issue, according to a top Republican lawmaker. The comments come following a leaked memo from four-star General Mike Minihan who also predicted the two nuclear-armed states would be at war by 2025. "My gut tells me we will fight in 2025," General Minihan said in the memo leaked last Friday. House Foreign Affairs Committee chairman Michael McCaul, a Republican from Texas, echoed the prediction. He said: "I hope he’s wrong as well. I think he’s right, though, unfortunately." McCaul pointed to Taiwan's presidential election in 2024, which he believes Xi Jinping would attempt to influence. Failing that, he described an invasion of the island likely and said the United States needed to prepare. "They are going to look at a military invasion, in my judgment," said McCaul. "We have to be prepared for this."  He added: "I think as long as Biden is in office projecting weakness as he did with Afghanistan that led to Putin invading Ukraine, that the odds are very high that we could see a conflict with China and Taiwan and the Indo-Pacific." The prediction echoed four-star General Mike Minihan's comments in a leaked memo last Friday which urged service men and women to prepare for a coming war by firing " a clip" at a target aiming "for the head". He commands 50,000 service members and nearly 500 planes. He laid out his goals for preparing for war which included "a fortified, ready, integrated, and agile Joint Force Manoeuvre Team ready to fight and win inside the first island chain". The memo, seen by NBC News, also urged those under his command to "fire a clip into a 7-meter target with the full understanding that unrepentant lethality matters most. Aim for the head". He also urged service members to "consider their personal affairs" and "ensure they are legally ready and prepared" for what may come in the years ahead.  READ MORE: Putin plots 'dangerous escalation' as West warned of tactical failures The memo was directed to all air wing commanders in Air Mobility Command (AMC) and other Air Force operational commanders. The AMC confirmed that the memo was authentic, however, the Defence Department played down the claims. "These comments are not representative of the department’s view on China," it said. Taiwan has become a potential flashpoint between Beijing and Washington. Last year, a visit by then Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi sent tensions soaring between the two nuclear-armed nations. This year, it is believed Speaker Kevin McCarthy will follow in his predecessor's footsteps and travel to the island. China sees Taiwan as a rogue province and an integral part of the country while the US is more ambiguous on the issue.  DON'T MISS:Russia's top commanders 'terrified' by Putin's new battle plans [INSIGHT]Suella to kick out foreign criminals with new act [ANALYSIS]Police chief warns 'most people are armed' after burglar shot [REPORT] The US provides weapons to Taipei for the defence of the island, however, it maintains a policy of strategic ambiguity on whether it would come to the island's aid in the event of an invasion. However, several public declarations by President Joe Biden that the US would defend Taiwan if it was attacked have ruffled feathers in Beijing. Biden's aides quickly played down the comments. War in the region is likely to be devastating. China would need to perform a massive amphibious assault to get troops on the island, which is heavily fortified and defended. It is unclear what role the US would play in such a conflict, however, a conflict between the world's economic giants could wreak havoc on the wider region and possibly around the globe. 