Laura Woods and Ally McCoist could not contain their laughter as fellow talkSPORT pundit Jamie O’Hara recounted the story of his appearance on BBC show Pointless Celebrities. The special edition of the general knowledge game show had O’Hara and former Leeds striker Jermaine Beckford on, but O’Hara struggled with his answers for the show that is yet to air. Host Woods introduced the segment on talkSPORT as she asked O’Hara to explain the story that he previously told her via a voice note. “Ally you’re going to love this,” O’Hara said as the Rangers legend already began laughing. “So I’ve been offered to go on Pointless the game show, so I think ‘Who can I get on? Woodsy, Ally, [Jason] Cundy, anyone I can get on with useless knowledge of stuff I am going to need’. “Can’t get anyone, so I go on there with Jermaine Beckford. I think, alright Becks he knows what he is going, he’s got a bit of knowledge. I turn up, Pointless, tough show. I’ve gone to Becks and said ‘Look, whatever happens, just let me go first and get us off to a flyer’.” McCoist could not hold back his laughter at O’Hara’s confidence. “Let me go first, so if I have to wait til the sixth or seventh down the list I think we are in trouble,” the former Tottenham midfielder continued. “I’m up there and they say take your pick of who goes first, we’re third or sixth on the list, Becks throws me straight under the bus and goes ‘I’ll go first’. “Ally this is the worst bit, the question is ‘Name these 16 celebrities on the board’. I can’t even remember someone’s name after I have shaken their hand after two seconds. The board comes up and it goes to Jermaine Beckford, there’s three people I know on there: Zoe Ball, Romesh [Ranganathan] and Alex Scott. “Romesh is gone, Zoe Ball is gone, comes to Jermaine Beckford and I am thinking ‘He won’t say Alex Scott, he works with her, he surely won’t say Alex Scott’, he says Alex Scott! Now I am standing there, there’s 12 names on the board and I haven’t got a clue who any of them are. Not one clue. “It comes back around to me, they start having this chat about talkSPORT and I am like ‘Yeah, yeah, whatever’, I am shaking like a leaf because I haven’t got a name for them - I have got nothing. In my head there’s only one person [O’Hara might know] and I go ‘That geezer, he does them documentaries, I can’t remember his name. His name is Ross Kemp! “I can’t remember his name, I am thinking it’s the Mitchell brothers. Can I say Phil Mitchell? Can I get away with Phil Mitchell? I can’t say Phil Mitchell. So I say, thinking about this other guy in the corner - Louis Theroux. Alexander [Armstrong] looks at me and goes ‘Alright, Louis Theroux locked in…’ DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart “[Buzzer noise] not even on the board! We are out, first ones I feel like an idiot. Here’s the best bit Laura, I go to the producer as I am walking off and said ‘The only name I knew that was left on there was Ross Kemp, I should have just said Phil Mitchell you might have given me that’, she turns around to me and goes: ‘Well you could have said Phil Mitchell, thinking that’s Ross Kemp, but Ross Kemp plays Grant Mitchell in Eastenders!” O’Hara’s tale had both McCoist and Woods in stitches live on air, as the Rangers man asked when it was going to be aired but O’Hara declined to give any information away as he did not want any further embarrassment. “I’ll be watching that every night until 2084,” McCoist said. “There’s no way I am missing that.” Woods added: “I am definitely going to be messaging Richard Osman to find out when that comes out.”