Naga Munchetty shook her head in disbelief after her BBC Breakfast co-host made an awkward joke about a dog. Luckily, the presenter saw the funny side as she laughed at the meteorologist's comment. Matt's joke came after Naga and Charlie Stayt showed a cute clip of some dogs getting on a bus. "If you're getting a bus this morning, we bet your fellow passengers won't be as cute as these ones," Charlie said. "Take a look." As they showed a clip of the dogs, Charlie continued: "So this is a bus run by a dog walking service. "They're driving around town picking up dogs, all of whom know where they're sitting on the bus." "Then they're driven to a park for a walk and then they hop back on board," Naga chipped in. READ MORE: Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update "I remember seeing this in the paper, apparently the naughty ones go on a certain side of the bus and the calmer ones are at the front and they all have their friends." "It's a lot of dogs," Charlie said before they turned to Matt for the weather forecast. "Let's have a look at the weather and Matt's got the details for us. Good morning, Matt." "Good morning," he replied before joking: "The first stop of that bus was, of course, Barking." Naga let out a groan before finally laughing at Matt's joke. "I am sorry," he apologised. "It's Friday, I'm allowed." Elsewhere on the programme, McFly singer Tom Fletcher joined the duo on the red sofa. The pop star chatted about his new book and a new children's author competition where they can win a rare orange Blue Peter badge. DON'T MISS...BBC's Charlie snaps as Lisa Nandy swerves 'levelling up' probe [VIDEO]Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Nicky's true identity after Dawn betrayal [SPOILERS] This led Naga to admit she had a Blue Peter badge, although, when Charlie asked how she got it, she refused to answer. The presenter pleaded with her co-star to "move on" as she tried to divert the conversation. When asked by Charlie whether she had a badge, Naga simply replied: "Yes." "I can't tell you what it's for," she continued as Charlie hit back: "It can't be a secret." "Let's move on," Naga went on to plead. "You haven't got one." As Charlie probed further, Naga laughed: "No, I didn't steal it. "What is going on? This interview is about you." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.