Piers Morgan has apologised to Mikel Arteta for calling on the Arsenal boss to be sacked at the end of last season - while also taking numerous digs at Tottenham and Antonio Conte. Arteta has pulled off a miracle at Arsenal this season so far, leading the north London club to the top of the table and ahead of reigning champions Manchester City.  It's a stark rise from where the club were a year ago as Arteta faced continued criticism with Arsenal struggling to make it into the top four once again. The Spaniard was hired as Unai Emery's replacement back in December 2019, taking over an ageing team in need of big changes. He's since been heavily backed in the transfer window with Arsenal offloading a number of their more senior players and the Gunners adopting a strict policy in targeting young players. There was plenty of promise last season following the signings of Ben White, Martin Odegaard, Aaron Ramsdale and Takehiro Tomiyasu. But Arsenal fans were left frustrated once again as Arteta's side suffered an embarrassing end to the season which saw Tottenham pip them to a top-four finish. Morgan led calls for Arteta to be sacked at the time, but the TV host has been made to eat his words this season. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE He's now issued a grovelling apology to Arteta in his column for The Sun, while taking aim at Arsenal's rivals Tottenham in the process. Morgan wrote: "First, I was completely wrong about Arteta. More pleasingly, I was also completely wrong about Spurs and [Antonio] Conte. "And as we head into another North London derby this Sunday, I’m happy to admit I’ve never been happier to make a predictive a*** of myself. Arsenal’s transformation from mid-table mediocrity to a properly competitive team again has been stunning to watch.  "And it’s all down to Arteta, who if I’d had my way would have been abruptly sent packing eight months ago." He added: "As for Spurs, they have done what Spurs usually do, but what I thought they’d stop doing under Conte — and bottled it. "I wouldn’t swap any of their players for our first XI on Sunday, apart from Kane and that’s only because Jesus is injured. I predict a big Arsenal win and Conte to throw his touchline toys out of the pram. "And to Arteta, I say: I’m sorry for doubting you, Mikel. You’re the real deal. Keep up the great work."