Last year marked a couple of big milestones for Elvis Presley fans. Not only was 2022 the 45th anniversary of The King’s untimely death but it also saw the release of the first cinematic biopic of his incredible life. Just two years prior, tragedy had struck the late star's family when his grandson Benjamin Keough died at just 27. Lisa Marie Presley was devastated and had her son buried by her father in Graceland’s Meditation Garden. After a couple of years out of the public eye to mourn in private, she returned to the Memphis mansion she still sees at home for a special screening of Baz Luhrmann’s movie. Lisa Marie said at the time of the Elvis movie starring Austin Butler as her father: “I do want to say that I feel so honoured to be a part of this. I really wasn’t expecting this. I didn’t know what to expect. I saw it twice. The first time that I saw it I was nervous, I was gripping the chair going like, ‘Oh God, what’s going to happen? How’s the actor going to be? Is it going to be crazy?’ In my life, it’s been one disappointment after the other in terms of people portraying my father in various films or attempts to…bless their hearts…but let me just tell you something. At this point, I tell you this with all my heart and it’s the only reason that I’m here: It’s been done right.” Having been “very upset” her children were banned from Elvis’ 85th birthday celebrations amid a custody battle with her ex-husband Michael Lockwood, Lisa Marie is now attending the special event for his 88th tomorrow. Graceland, who are putting on a weekend of events to celebrate what would have been Elvis’ 88th birthday, said: "Fans are invited to the north lawn of Graceland Mansion on January 8, Elvis' Birthday, at 8:30 am CST, for Elvis' Birthday Proclamation Ceremony which will include a special appearance by Lisa Marie Presley, along with EPE officials, a birthday cake cutting, and an official proclamation of Elvis Presley Day. Can’t be in Memphis? Watch the ceremony online for free via Graceland's Livestream page." Fans in the UK can watch the event live on Sunday from 2:20pm GMT, here. Last year, The King’s ex-wife Priscilla Presley attended the proclamation and claimed his spirit was still living inside Graceland. READ MORE: Elvis Presley piled his books up and burned them in frantic ritual Priscilla, who was married to The King from 1967-1973 said: “Y’know it’s bittersweet for me to be here in front of Graceland. Y’know it’s 45 years since his passing and I still can’t believe it. I still think he’s here. I still feel him here. I go in Graceland, I feel his spirit. It’s honest God’s truth. I know he’s living there! Here’s there, trust me! Elvis, yes, he was an image. But for you to get to know him as the person, as the man who he really was. [He was] a lot of fun…his humanity was very touching and very true. I know I’ve never met anyone like him. He was unique, special and he was meant to be here for a purpose. And he is!”