On January 27, Jeremy Hunt called on those who retired over the course of the pandemic to return to work as “Britain needs them”. The Chancellor of the Exchequer has said employers also have their part to play, in ensuring they “step up to the plate” to help people get back to work. According to ONS data, there are almost 400,000 fewer people in employment since before the pandemic. But the experiences of those like 50-something Michael O’Reilly have revealed that getting those who are 50 and over back into the workplace might be easier said than done. Michael O'Reilly, of Bexhill, East Sussex, told how he is struggling to get a job because companies do not want to hire people his age. Speaking to the BBC on January 29, said: "It's horrible. You feel your usefulness has passed." After beginning his career as a programmer and later taking on management positions, Mr O’Reilly spent decades working in the banking sector. Despite this, he claims that he is now struggling to get a job due to being over the age of 50. In a bid to make himself more employable, Mr O’Reilly deliberately does not reveal his exact age to potential employers. He explained: "What tends to happen is, over the phone the initial conversation is fine, but when you do video calls or face-to-face interviews the dynamics change. You can tell by their manner and their body language, they're not really paying attention to you.”    A new study by the professional body Chartered Management Institute [CMI] found that Mr O’Reilly is not alone in his experience. It found that just 42 percent of more than 1,000 managers surveyed in businesses and public services in the UK were open to hiring people aged between 50 and 64 “to a large extent”. Conversely, the majority of 74 percent were open to a large extent to hiring those aged between 18 to 34, and 64 percent were open to hiring those aged between 34 and 49 years old. This percentage dropped significantly to just 18 percent when it came to hiring those aged 65 and over. CMI chief executive Ann Francke told the BBC that employers are complaining about labour shortages while simultaneously admitting that they are hesitant at employing older workers. She said: "[That] points to both cultural and leadership failings in businesses of all sizes, and that needs to change. But unless those doing the hiring revisit their attitudes, older workers will continue to be excluded, just when the labour market needs them the most.” READ MORE: Pension reforms for over 50s may have 'unintended consequences'    Between May and July last year, there were 386,096 more economically inactive adults aged between 50 and 64 than there were before the pandemic began to sweep across the UK in February 2020, according to ONS data. It also found that of those who had left work since the start of the pandemic had not returned, just three out of ten (36 percent) had left to retire. This was mainly the case in those aged over 60 with almost half, 48 percent, leaving to retire whereas, amongst those aged 55 to 59, this figure was just one-third and even less amongst those aged 50 to 54 at just one in ten. The younger group was more likely to leave work due to stress and lack of support, the ONS found. Additionally, those who had left were more likely to have had a physical or mental health condition or illness than those who had returned. In fact, figures in October revealed that 2.5 million people were not looking for a job because of long-term sickness. DON'T MISS: Woman, 56, is the first person cured of advanced breast cancer  [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak fights back saying he 'acted decisively' in sacking Zahawi [REPORT]Harry out for 'revenge' as he launches new 24-page report with Meghan [ANALYSIS]  The Government is now planning to get 500,000 jobseekers into jobs by the end of June in a bid to tackle the 1.2 million record high of vacancies currently plaguing the workplace. Mr Hunt has now told the more than 6.5 million people who are “economically inactive” to return to work as it is an “enormous and shocking waste of talent and potential”. He said on Friday: "So, to those who retired early after the pandemic, or haven't found the right role after furlough, I say: 'Britain needs you'.” In December, The Times reported that older people would be encouraged back to work by being offered a “midlife MoT” which would examine the person’s finances and opportunities. Additionally, pension reforms are now due to be examined by ministers in a bid to encourage the over 50s back into the workforce with the £1million lifetime allowance on tax-free pension savings potentially being raised.   