Almost two months after four University of Idaho students were stabbed to death in their beds, the police have made a major breakthrough in the case. The 28-year-old criminology student Bryan Kohberger has been arrested in connection with the killings of Kaylee Goncalves, Maddie Mogen, Xana Kernodle and Ethan Chapin. The brutal slaying of four students has shocked the world but it's how they were killed that's particularly chilling, said Robin Dreeke, retired FBI special agent and former head of the Counterintelligence Behavioral Analysis Program. The weapon used in the killings is believed to be a fixed-blade Ka-Bar-style knife. According to Mr Dreeke, it takes "a lot of energy" to kill someone with a knife. "And it's traumatic on the individual doing it. Both mentally - unless you are edging high on that lack of empathy side - and physically," the former FBI agent said. He continued: "To do it three more times. That's pretty horrendous but also more physically demanding. It's exhausting. That's a plan." READ MORE: Idaho murders suspect stayed 15-minutes away from crime scene before Pennsylvania escape As a result, investigators would probably rule out certain types of people who would not be physically capable of carrying out the murders. "I'd say you are going to rule out individuals that are slight of build. Physically smaller," the ex-FBI agent said. Mr Dreeke likened the sustained assault to the physical demands of a high-intensity exercise. He explained: "If anyone has ever done something like boxing or wrestling where you are physically exerting yourself against another human being, after three minutes you almost pass out from the cardiovascular effort it takes to do that." DON'T MISSBiden preparing for 2024 presidential run [LATEST]Four human skulls found wrapped in aluminium foil [INSIGHT]Idaho suspect kept a low profile, neighbours say [REPORT] Mr Dreeke continued: "And that's just one three-minute round that can reduce a human being to depletion. That's before you start factoring in one, two, three, four victims." The former FBI chief believed this may explain why the killer left the students on the first floor sleeping. The killer would probably be flagging after the repeated attack: "I am shocked they had the physical capability to do four." The nature of the killing also betrays a possible personal connection to the victims, Mr Dreeke suggested. READ MORE: Bryan Kohberger 'looked exhausted' on a 'knife's edge' in days before the Idaho killings "The way that these four children were murdered. It was very personal as opposed to firearms or poison," he said. Mr Dreeke continued: "You don't go from zero to a hundred in anything. This was an escalation in this person's life. There is no doubt in my mind." US criminology student Bryan Christopher Kohberger is in custody after being charged with first degree murder. He is accused of killing Kaylee Goncalves, Maddie Mogen, Xana Kernodle and Ethan Chapin, who were stabbed to death in Moscow, Idaho in the early hours of 13 November. Kohberger is 28 and a PhD student in the Department of Criminal Justice and Criminology at Washington State University, a short drive across the state line from the University of Idaho. He is also a teaching assistant for the university's criminal justice and criminology programme, according to WSU's online directory. University police assisted Idaho law enforcement in executing search warrants at Kohberger's home and office on campus. He was arrested early on Friday morning by Pennsylvania State Police at an address in the state's Chestnuthill Township and is being held for extradition to Idaho on a warrant for first-degree murder.