Kate Middleton, who celebrated her 41st birthday on Monday, has never looked better or more in shape. The Princess of Wales has birthed three children during her time as a working royal.   Despite this, Kate maintains such a slim figure, which was noticeable during her appearances towards the end of 2022 at the Together At Christmas carol concert and the Sandringham walkabout on Christmas Day. Michael Brigo, a personal trainer, spoke to Express.co.uk to explain what exercise routine the Princess does in order to achieve such perfect weight loss. He said: "The Princess of Wales, Kate Middleton, has a slender and athletic physique. "This is most likely shaped by doing resistance-based gym workouts primarily focusing on strength training using body weight and weights." READ MORE: Beatrice & Eugenie usually have a ski holiday - inside dad's chalet The personal trainer argues that Kate has more options to lose weight because she's an "outdoorsy person". Mr Brigo continued: "In addition, she’s an outdoorsy person and has been known to enjoy running, skiing and tennis. "It wouldn’t surprise me if on average her run was 10km or above." Behavioural expert Darren Stanton also spoke to Express.co.uk to describe the diet that the Princess reportedly follows.  Kate has been known to like porridge, curry (both takeaway and homemade), homemade family recipes, raw foods, matcha smoothies, and plant-based lunches with vegetables and pulses. Mr Stanton said: “Kate’s favourites are much more in line with what a lot of people would eat these days. "She’s partial to trying new food trends, such as a raw food diet, plant-based meals or matcha in her coffee or green smoothies." But Kate's diet contains a lot more variety, according to the behaviour expert. READ MORE: Princess Anne's engagement ring 'protects against negative energies'  Mr Stanton claimed: "However, her diet consists of a lot of the nation’s old favourites too, like curry and sticky toffee pudding - it’s hearty food and very relatable. "Kate’s food tastes could suggest why she is arguably one of the most popular Royal Family members - she is in touch with what the masses like, she can relate to them and them to her." Prince William's diet, on the other hand, is slightly different according to the expert. Mr Stanton added: “William, meanwhile, likes to barbecue.  "Running a family barbecue means you like to take charge and aren’t afraid to be the one who makes all the decisions. "These are traits he will no doubt need and rely on when it comes to being King. "A barbecue is often no frills, very homely and serves up hearty foods, what you see is what you get. "This is psychologically quite consistent with Kate, so this could be why she and William are a couple totally matched and in pretty much every way.” 