Owen Whitlock, Interiors Expert at Beanbags.co.uk, has shared his best natural hacks to dehumidify the home and reduce humidity throughout. This can be done with a simple 75p hack, as well as with houseplants or by taking cooler and shorter showers. Owen said: “You can use baking soda to naturally dehumidify a room that has high moisture levels. “Simply fill a small bowl with baking soda and place it on the window sill. Over time you will notice the baking soda will harden as it absorbs the moisture. When this happens you should replace it with fresh baking soda.” Baking soda can be found in all major supermarkets and costs only 75p. But there are other ways to prevent condensation and mould too. Owen continued: “Instead of baking soda, you can also use rock salt to naturally prevent condensation similarly. READ MORE: ‘Only’ solution to ‘fully’ remove condensation and damp from your home “By simply placing a bowl or container of salt on your window sill and replacing it every couple of days. “I would also always recommend making a habit of wiping away condensation from your windows every morning when it is at its worst. “Microfiber clothes are great for doing this. This will help you to prevent the excess dampness from turning into mould.” Owen recommended using vinegar once mould has appeared too. DON'T MISS:Lee Mack’s quiet life with his wife Tara in charming Surrey town [INSIGHT]‘Worst’ home improvement for adding property value - ‘don't do it’ [EXPERT]Banish ‘hard to remove’ tea cup stains with ‘no scrubbing’ [TIPS] He said: “White vinegar is a great solution to remove mould that has already developed in your home from condensation. “You can do this by transferring the white vinegar into a spray bottle diluting it with water and spraying it onto the mould. “Leave this for up to an hour before using a scrubbing brush to remove the mould and wipe clean with a cloth.” Owen also advised opening windows whenever possible, saying: “If your windows have trickle vents I would recommend opening these to allow ventilation in to help reduce the risk of condensation without losing excessive amounts of heat in your home.” As for dehumidifiers, they can work, but they might not be viable for all. Owen said: “Dehumidifiers are a good investment, however, it’s understandable that not everyone will be able to make such an investment at this moment in time. “These natural tips and tricks to get rid of condensation will help any households who aren’t in a position to invest in one right now, still able to prevent condensation in their homes.” Another natural method to reduce humidity in the home is to take cooler and shorter showers. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Owen explained: “One of the biggest causes of humidity in homes is taking a shower. “To reduce the humidity from showering you should consider using cooler water that’s warm rather than boiling hot and taking shorter showers. “After showering you should always leave the bathroom door and windows open for half an hour to increase airflow.” Houseplants can also absorb humidity. “These include peace lily, boston fern, and spider plants,” Owen said. “Not only will they reduce the humidity in your home they will look great too.”