Charles Leclerc has been tipped to miss out on securing the F1 crown in 2023 amid a tightly-packed F1 field. The Ferrari driver was unable to battle for the 2022 title after strategy errors and mechanical failures plagued his season. However, the task looks harder this season after Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes mounted a comeback in the dying stages of last year. Meanwhile, Max Verstappen will have his eyes on a third successive crown after dominating in 2022. In a new poll for Express Sport, less than 20 per cent of readers back Leclerc to win the Drivers’ Championship. Just shy of 30 per cent feel the Ferrari star could finish in the runner-up position, one position better than he managed last year. A massive 55 per cent think he will miss out on the top two and finish between third and sixth in the standings. Meanwhile, a further 1.4 per cent feel he could even be sitting seventh or lower by the end of the 23-race season. READ MORE: New Ferrari boss makes Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz promise Ferrari has had some key details leaked about its 2023 car by the Italian media ahead of launch. Reports claim the new machine will be one second faster than last year’s challenger with a supposed 30bhp upgrade. It comes after the team spent time getting on top of reliability concerns which plagued the marque at key races. Leclerc has also opened up on his positive mindset for the new season in a warning to his major rivals. Speaking on his YouTube channel, the 25-year-old admitted he was “planning” to win in 2023 and revealed he had matured as a driver on-track. He explained: “At the end, winning is what motivates me. In 2022, we didn’t make it, but I’m planning to do it this year. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen fired warning by new Ferrari boss [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton tipped to play role in Ferrari trying to sign Norris [COMMENT]Ex-F1 star disagrees with Charles Leclerc over Ferrari team orders [ANALYSIS]  “I think I mature… Every season that you do in F1, you learn new things, so you change as a driver. Whether there is a particular change where I was like, ‘Okay, this I need to change’, not really. It’s just small improvements. After every mistake you learn and you grow, so I’m more mature. But there’s not been a particular change.” According to our poll, Leclerc is still expected to outdo team-mate Carlos Sainz who struggled at stages last year. A total of 71.6 per cent of readers said Sainz would not finish ahead of Leclerc in 2023 with just 28.4 per cent backing the Spaniard to succeed. The former McLaren driver only finished ahead of Leclerc on nine occasions last season which ended his championship chances early on. However, Sainz did pick up his first career win at Silverstone in July while adding eight other top-three finishes to his roster.