Everton may need to prepare for the blow of losing two key players in Amadou Onana and Anthony Gordon as the duo continue to be linked with a move away. Both Gordon and Onana have missed training this week as interest from elsewhere in the Premier League hots up and the relegation-threatened side may be forced to cash in. Gordon has been away from training for three days and is set to force a move away from Goodison Park, with three teams linked with the 21-year-old. Newcastle have held discussions over a fee with Everton but are yet to reach an agreement, with Tottenham and Chelsea also known to be admirers. As for Onana, the Belgian has reportedly snubbed a move to Chelsea this month and was initially thought to be keen to see out the season with the Toffees in their battle against relegation. The £34m signing may have his head turned, however, with league leaders Arsenal weighing up a big-money bid before the January 31 deadline. Everton cannot afford to lose both players without having replacements ready to come in, and Express Sport looks at five who could be signed this month... READ MORE: Onana and Gordon 'miss training' amid Arsenal and Chelsea links Everton may need to look for a long-term option instead of signing Hakim Ziyech, who would resemble something of a stop-gap signing. Leeds winger Harrison would prove to be a popular signing, albeit a difficult one to get over the line as Jesse Marsch is reluctant to sell after warning Leicester off a bid. "I've heard that there's things about him," Marsch told reporters. "He's an important player for us. I've not discussed it with Jack because for me it's very clear." However, the winger has 18 months left to run on his contract and is reportedly valued at £35million by his club, which would be cheaper than £55m-rated Gordon. As a favourite of Everton's potential new boss Marcelo Bielsa, Harrison may prove to be the morale-boosting signing Everton fans have been crying out for. Interest in the Chelsea winger is high after he enjoyed a memorable World Cup with Morocco. Since then, his club form has improved too and he has been a regular under Graham Potter with all four of his league starts coming in 2023. But the 29-year-old looks set to leave after three years with the Blues, with Everton, Newcastle, and AC Milan all keen after the signings of Mykhaylo Mudryk and Noni Madueke. If Gordon does end up leaving Goodison Park, Ziyech would provide Everton with an excellent option to come straight in and ensure there is no drop in quality. Chelsea will be willing to sell in the current window too, and with the club willing to offer £20m, it is possible the former Ajax star could join before the transfer window shuts. Gordon is a quick, tricky dribbler who has contributed three goals this season, and signing a player of a similar profile in Rennes forward Sulemana could be the most logical way to replace the youngster. According to the Daily Mail, Everton have already lodged a bid for the Ghana international once in January before sacking Frank Lampard. Sulemana, who joined Rennes in the summer of 2021 from Nordsjaelland, is open to leaving the French side this month. The 22-year-old Sulemana has only scored once with two assists in 19 appearances for the Ligue 1 outfit, but his potential and successful spell in Denmark suggests the promising winger may be worth gambling on, although his £40m asking price is rather steep. Competition for Haidara's signature is rife, with Everton joining Brighton in the chase for the Mali international this month. The RB Leipzig star, previously linked with Manchester United, is rated as one of the most efficient box-to-box operators in Europe. But with only four Bundesliga starts this season, Haidara knows he would play a starring role if he joined the Merseyside outfit. If Onana does leave in the transfer window, the Belgian is likely to be sold for a fee higher than £35m, giving Everton the financial backing to submit a tempting offer to Leipzig. It was expected that Sheffield United would lose Berge when they were relegated in 2020-21, but the 24-year-old has stayed loyal to the Yorkshire outfit. Now, their resolve could be put to the test with several clubs vying for his signature - and Everton would surely joing them. Reports have suggested the Norway international is even on Chelsea's radar as Potter looks to sign a central midfielder. But the 24-year-old may feel there is more of a realistic chance of regular game time if he slots into Onana's role. The Blades are sure-fire favourites to secure promotion back to the Premier League, so the choice for Berge is whether to put that scenario at risk for a relegation battle with Everton.