Judge Jayne Torvill has revealed she was “surprised” when she set eyes on Love Island star Ekin-Su when she took to the ice for the first time. Hundreds complained over Ekin-Su’s sheer bodysuit in week one of Dancing On Ice and the realty star was “really upset” by the backlash she received. Speaking about the controversy surrounding her costume, Jayne told the Loose Women panel she understood why it was chosen. “I was a little bit surprised, I have to say, but it was in keeping with the song and the Love Island connection so I see how that was,” she explained. “But she's a really lovely girl and she's taken it all on board. “And in her skate off, she definitely deserved to go through." READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row Ekin-Su previously said she had to stop herself crying over the backlash she received over her sizzling outfit. “I'm not gonna lie, I was really upset over the past two days. I questioned myself and what I had done wrong,” the Love Island star stated. “[I said to myself] you know what, stop this crying Ekin. You are a strong woman, take on the notes from the judges, work hard and I really wanted to prove myself. “We’ve been working really hard and I am here today." Fellow Dancing On Ice judge Oti Mabuse has also defended Ekin-su and said she was “excited” to be part of a show which receives complaints. She continued: “If I had that body, I would wear less all the time. It is so exciting to be part of a show that gets complaints. “I thought the outfit was really, really sexy and risk-taking is what is important to me." It comes after it was revealed there will be a shake-up the Dancing On Ice format this weekend. DON'T MISS...Faye Brookes announces engagement after four-month romance [LATEST]Coronation Street's Mollie Gallagher addresses future as beloved Nina [INSIGHT]Dancing on Ice 'double standards' row over The Vivienne's outfit [REACTION] Usually, the two skaters who have received the lowest votes from the audience take part in the skate-off. However, from this weekend, the judges scores will be combined with the viewers’ votes. The celebrity with the lowest score will no longer be able to rely on being saved by the judges. In fact, the lowest scoring celebrity will be voted straight off the competition. Patsy Palmer is the current favourite to be given the boot this weekend, according to William Hill. The former Eastenders favourite, who scored 21 points from the judges for her first routine last week, is the 2/1 frontrunner to receive the boot in Sunday’s episode. That price puts her narrowly ahead of Michelle Heaton (11/4) to be eliminated next, with last week’s favourite for elimination Ekin-Su Culculoglu now a 3/1 shot to leave the show. Dancing On Ice continues Sunday at 6.25pm.