The first European royal has confirmed their attendance for King Charles III's Coronation next year. Prince Albert II of Monaco, who hasn't spoken personally to the King since the late Queen's death in September, confirmed he and his wife, Charlene, Princess of Monaco are looking forward to attending the service in London. Although the attendance list for the coronation remains unknown, he told People magazine: "I'm certain that it's going to be an incredible ceremony and a very moving one." Despite not talking to him "personally", he confirms that he has "maintained contact since His Majesty became King". Speaking about the historical event, Prince Albert added: "I'm certain His Majesty will add his own 'personal touches' to the ceremonies." White confirming that he and Princess Charlene will "definitely go" to the coronation, the attendance of their eight-year-old twins, Hereditary Prince Jacques and Princess Gabriella remains unknown. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William 'really missed a trick' to counter Harry's narrative Prince Albert tells People: "I don't know what arrangements they'll provide for other members of the family. "And the children, I think, [they] may be a little young for these types of ceremonies. But we'll see." He added: "You know, I don't know how many coronations of an English monarch I'll see in my lifetime. "So we'll try and take advantage of that." As members of a Royal Family, Prince Albert shares a long and unique friendship with the King, whom he describes as a "patient man" and "someone with a great sense of humour". READ MORE: Meghan’s best friend breaks silence after Spare with sweet throwback wedding snap The two royals share a mutual interest in environmental issues, which has generated several cooperative projects between their two charitable trusts. Speaking of the King, he tells People that Charles "remains very much engaged and still very keen to pursue those issues". He added: "For example, I know how he closely followed the progress of the COP conferences" at Sharm-el-Sheikh and Montreal last year. DON'T MISS Prince Harry has done more damage to Royal Family than Andrew - poll (POLL)POLL – Should UK cities hold a vote on rented e-scooter ban? (POLL)'Vindictive' Harry should 'stay put' in US as UK poll deals fresh blow (REVEAL) The "once-in-a-lifetime" spectacle will see 2,000 guests invited in attendance, although with thousands expected to line to parade route. This will be the first crowning ceremony in 70 years. Queen Elizabeth II's coronation ceremony took place in February 1953, when King Charles III, himself, was just five-years-old. The King's ceremony will take place at Westminster Abbey, the same location used for his mother's ceremony in 1953. The ceremony will reportedly still follow tradition by being conducted by the Archbishop of Canterbury. While there will be no absence of pageeantry, the ceremony is set to be on a much smaller-scale, compared to the late Queen's.