GDP figures published this week showed the economy inched upwards in November, making it possible that Britain will avoid recession. Wholesale gas and petrol pump prices are back to levels lower than at the time of the Ukraine invasion last February. The good news has certainly encouraged some. There is a growing clamour on the Tory backbenches for Jeremy Hunt to go back on November’s Scrooge-like Autumn Statement and instead deliver tax cuts. Former Conservative leader Iain Duncan Smith and ex-Welsh secretary Sir John Redwood have both publicly called for surprise tax cuts. They are calls that Jeremy Hunt will do well to ignore, however much allies of Boris Johnson and Liz Truss may try to strongarm him into it. If he gives in, he risks undo- ing much of the good work he put into reassuring markets in the wake of Kwasi Kwarteng’s mini-Budget debacle. I am all for low taxes, and ideally now is exactly the time when you would normally want to lower rates, when the country is still teetering on the edge of recession. Putting more money into people’s pockets would stimulate demand and put a little more oomph into the economy. Unfortunately, that is not all it would stimulate. It would also rekindle investors’ fears that Britain may one day be unable to afford to service its debts and have to default on its bonds – or else start a disastrous round of money-printing to stay afloat. That is what Weimar Germany tried 100 years ago, sparking mad inflation which stole the savings of millions and eventually ushered in the Nazis. If a government wants to be able to stimulate the economy during bad times, it first needs to sail a tight ship in the good. Had the Government run a surplus prior to Covid, it could be slashing taxes now. With Mr Kwarteng still in No11. But the sad truth is that no UK government of any colour has succeeded in balancing the books in two decades. The result is that we have piled on debt, year after year, meaning taxpayers will have to stump up over £100billion this year – two thirds of what we spend on the NHS – just to service the interest on borrowing. For years, investors forgave Britain its fiscal incontinence, and carried on buying up debt at derisory rates of interest. The Bank of England helped out by buying much of the debt through “quantitative easing” – ie using money effectively whistled out of thin air. Last September, everything changed. Suddenly, no one was prepared to lend Britain money at such low rates. Anything taxpayers might have gained through tax cuts was taken away in higher mortgage costs, or by a sliding stock market. The mini-Budget didn’t start the problem, but it tipped the economy over the edge. Now, the Government faces a long, hard task to rebuild confidence and convince investors it is serious about controlling debt. The argument of the tax cut lobby is that slashing taxes will generate growth, which will bring in more revenue than is lost through the cuts. It is a nice idea, but unfortunately it is an argument that was trashed by the nightmare that followed the mini-Budget. Perversely, tax cuts on that occasion threatened to shrink the economy as rates soared. There will come a time for tax cuts, when the Government is no longer spending more than it takes in revenue and accumulated debt is falling sharply as a proportion of GDP. Then there will be plenty of taxes which are good candidates to be cut. I would like the personal tax and national insurance thresholds raised again, along with the threshold at which the 40 per cent tax rate kicks in – something never intended to catch senior nurses and teachers. Cutting taxes at the lower end of the income spectrum is especially good at generating growth as it incentivises the unemployed to seek work, and because the relatively low-paid tend to spend a tax windfall rather than squirrel it away. It would be good, too, if corporation tax could be brought down to a level at which companies divert profits to Britain rather than away from it. Those are all measures Mr Hunt should consider as soon as the time is right for tax cuts. But his first challenge is to rebuild the public finances and boost confidence in Britain as a place to invest. As Ms Truss and Mr Kwarteng showed last September, the very worst thing you can do in trying to achieve that is to discomfort the debt markets through premature giveaways.