Arsenal are reportedly interested in signing Juventus midfielder Weston McKennie. The Gunners could beat three other Premier League clubs to the USA international's signature. Arsenal are yet to recruit in midfield in this transfer window. Mikel Arteta made his first signing last week, bringing in Leandro Trossard from Brighton for a fee of up to £27million. Poland defender Jakub Kiwior is set to follow Trossard through the door. He has agreed a £17.5m switch from Spezia and his arrival will be announced imminently. Arsenal have shown reported interest in signing Real Madrid's Eduardo Camavinga on loan, as Arteta looks to add to his options in the middle of the park. But now a new name can be thrown into the mix. Italian outlet La Gazzetta dello Sport claims McKennie is a player Arsenal are considering. Juve are willing to sell the 24-year-old in this window and have set an initial asking price of between £17.5m and £22m plus add-ons. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Bournemouth, Aston Villa and Fulham are all claimed to have shown an interest in McKennie. But the player has not warmed to the idea of joining any of those clubs. Gazzetta claims he would prefer to join a top side if he were to leave Turin and Arsenal could soon make their move. McKennie is regarded as an expendable member of Massimiliano Allegri's squad despite starting 13 Serie A matches this season. Borussia Dortmund are also named as a club interested in McKennie. He previously spent four years in Germany with Schalke before joining Juve, initially on loan in 2020. McKennie is a key member of the USA side and was part of their impressive midfield at the recent World Cup in Qatar. He has nine goals in his 41 caps to date for his country. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag has three players who need dropping after Arsenal lossLiverpool urged to pinch 'Chelsea's own Maldini' to form Van Dijk partnershipChelsea ditch hijacker tag with Boehly to do Spurs huge favour with Ziyech  He has made 96 appearances in all competitions for Juve, scoring 13 goals and registering five assists. But he could be one of the first players out of the door following the club's 15-point deduction, which they received last week. Juve have been punished for alleged financial irregularities and false accounting with regards to previous transfer business. Former sporting director Fabio Paratici, now at Tottenham, was handed a 30-month ban from Italian football for his involvement. Other former Juve chiefs Pavel Nedved and Maurizio Arrivabene have also received bans. The Old Lady now sit mid-table in Serie A following the deduction. McKennie would provide further depth to an Arsenal midfield that is short of back-up options. Mohamed Elneny has missed the last two matches due to a knee injury picked up in training.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here