Many of us will already have our first getaway of the year planned. In fact, last Saturday was known as Sunshine Saturday by the travel industry, as it is typically the most popular day for customers to book a foreign trip in a bid to escape the winter weather and the gloom of a new year. However, before you jet off on your trip, it's important to be aware of the latest airline baggage information. If you break the current weight allowances, size restrictions, and hand luggage rules you could face a hefty fine, reports the Liverpool Echo. If you're looking to avoid the excessive charges for checked-in luggage, then good news - here is the latest 2023 cabin bag information for Ryanair, EasyJet, TUI, BA and Jet2. EasyJet permits one small cabin bag per person on board for free. It can be a maximum size of 45 x 36 x 20 cm (including any handles or wheels) and needs to fit under the seat in front of you. Your bag can weigh up to 15kg, but easyJet does ask that you’re able to lift and carry it yourself. Bags larger than this or any additional bags will be placed in the hold and incur the airport bag fee of £39.99.   Jet2 allows passengers to carry on board one piece of hand luggage free of charge, as long as it weighs no more than 10kg and is no larger than 56cm x 45cm x 25cm, including any wheels and handles. If your hand luggage weighs more or is larger than this, it will need to be checked into the aircraft hold, and you may have to pay an additional charge. You can also bring a small, personal item on board (such as a handbag, laptop bag or airport purchase), as long as it is placed underneath the seat in front of you. On a TUI Airways flight, you can carry one piece of hand luggage of up to 10kg for free. The maximum dimensions of your hand luggage can be 55x40x20cm and you must be able to lift your hand luggage into the overhead storage compartments yourself. Things like laptops, handbags and items bought at the airport must fit within your one piece of hand luggage.   All British Airways customers are allowed to carry one piece of hand luggage and one small item on board. Hand luggage must not exceed 56x45x25cm and the small item must be no bigger than 40x30x15cm. 