Lee Mead, 41, best known for his role on Casualty has taken to social media to document his hair transplant journey, leaving many shocked at his unrecognisable appearance. Denise Van Outen's ex shared several videos of his hair transplant journey, even showing his brown luscious locks being shaved off. Lee took to Instagram over the weekend to surprise his fans with a video of himself at Gatwick airport, still with a full head of hair. He explained: "Off to Istanbul with my buddy @keithjackofficial." However, many concerned social media users took to the comments to share their worry over his need for a transplant, due to his apparent full head of hair. Ste81lo said: "Lee you don't need it. Your hair looks full to me the way it is." READ MORE: Robert Rinder 'unrecognisable' after break with Carol Vorderman While Jenls3 replied: "Think the length and the curl has been hiding a few issues if you really look where the true hairline is sitting and when you're partly known for your hair I guess there’s a bit of an attachment. Good Luck Lee. Hope it goes well." Lee then updated his fans from Turkey as he wore a barbers gown and smiled as he watched his locks disappear. The clinic, Hair of Istanbul offers the "micro surgery" to anyone "between the ages of 18 and 60 who have experienced hair loss for any cause". Prices for the procedure at the clinic are unknown, however, their website states it varies on the number of hair follicles grafted. The NHS states that hair transplants in the UK can cost anywhere between £1,000 and £30,000. Lee has since returned to the UK after undergoing the surgery and was pictured enjoying a family day out with his rarely-seen girlfriend Issy. Issy and Lee met on the school run six years ago and have been dating ever since. DON'T MISS... Lisa Marie Presley's Golden Globes interviewer on 'off' conversation [HOLLYWOOD] Alec Baldwin 'not be charged' with shooting of director Joel Souza [NEWS] Shakira waves from same balcony she put witch doll on amid divorce [PICS] The couple were joined by his 12-year-old daughter Betsy, who he shares with his 48-year-old ex Denise Van Outen, and Issy's son Alfie. He shared the heartwarming family snap to Instagram with the caption: "Family time #Puttshack #IndoorGolf." Many took to the comments to share their happiness over Lee's progress since the transplant. Deefisz said: "You look great hope you are healed and no longer in pain, I am following your journey."  Ali_purple_queen commented: "You look fabulous! Well done for sharing and breaking that taboo! Xxx." Lee was previously married to Denise van Outen from 2009 until their split in 2015, they share one daughter Betsy who was born in 2010. The star, who was discovered on the BBC talent show Any Dream Will Do, has spent the last five years playing Ben Chiltern in Casualty.