Christian Horner has suggested Red Bull have been forced into a difficult situation as a result of the FIA’s budget cap penalty. The team were slapped with a deduction in wind tunnel testing next season after they were found to have breached the cap in 2021. The reigning champions will receive 10 per cent less wind tunnel time and will also suffer from less CFD development. In a double blow, Red Bull were already set to lose wind tunnel time as a result of winning both championships last year. It means the team will only have 63 per cent of their allowance, 12 per cent less than Ferrari and 17 per cent less than Mercedes. Horner stressed the penalty would back the team into a corner as they will need to be careful what to spend their time on. Horner told Speedcafe’s KTM Summer Grill show: “Of course it’s painful. It forces us to be efficient and very choosy in the runs that we do. So yeah, it’s just something that we’ve got to manage. READ MORE: David Coulthard tells Christian Horner to expect more criticism “It certainly is a handicap rather than a benefit, so let’s see how it plays out. But we’ll be doing everything that we can to mitigate the damage that it could potentially cause.” The team were issued the penalty after the FIA found they had breached the cap by £1.8million ($2.2m). But, a harsher penalty was issued after the FIA accepted the true overspend would be just £432,000 ($0.5m) if the team had submitted their tax reports correctly. Red Bull chief Helmut Marko also stressed the team would have to work “very efficiently” as a team to deal with the effects of the sanction. Horner previously claimed the penalty was a “draconian” measure and could cost Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez half a second per lap next season. DON'T MISSRed Bull 2023 car details leaked after Horner comments [INSIGHT]Helmut Marko opens up on effects of Red Bull's budget cap penalty  [ANALYSIS]Christian Horner 'surprised' as Mercedes stay within budget cap [COMMENT] However, Horner did hint the team would be forced to bounce back quickly. He continued: “It just means we will have to think smarter and be more selective in what we test and run but we just need to adapt. “What we have lost in wind tunnel time, we have gained in motivation and I think that we have just got to get on with it, get our heads down and do the very best job that we can. “You can’t be greedy. Every single run counts and it has even more of a factor when you think we have potentially 20 per cent less than Mercedes, for example, in wind tunnel time. That is a significant amount but if any team can cope with it, we can.”