Fitur is an annual event for tourism professionals and the leading bosses of the tourism industry in Spain and Ibero-America. For the occasion, Queen Letizia of Spain opted for an all-black look but very chic look: a pair of flattering high-waisted trousers and a black jumper with a white scalloped collar. Queen Letizia wore a black jumper from Sandro, which currently retails for 141 euros (£124), with a white scalloped collar which definitely elevated her monochrome look. She combined the trendy ensemble with tailored trousers with a belt from Hugo Boss, one of her favourite brands. For shoes, the Spanish monarch chose a pair of brown boots from Unisa and for jewellery, she donned her favourite silver and diamond earrings from Gold and Roses. Royal fans were quick to share their thoughts on social media with @bethdocherty_x saying that the look was "great" and the jumper was "very different". READ MORE: 'World's oldest makeup' look mature women should avoid - pictures In fact, Queen Letizia normally opts for more daring and modern looks, and a top with a scalloped collar, although very chic, is an unusual choice for the royal. Kate, Princess of Wales, who is known to favour a more classic style, is a fan of this type of collar and often opts for these blouses or jumpers for casual engagements. Another royal fan and social media user, @letizia_de_princesa_a_reina, commented: "The best part for me is the makeup. She looks beautiful with the ponytail and radiant skin." Instagram user @flordecalabacin added: "She looks so pretty! First I thought: average, but the more I look at it, the more I love this look". Social media user @mteresaserranoyus said that Queen Letizia always looks "impeccable" and @calvo0303 commented: "She looks great, radiant!" Another one, @anaipc7, agreed: "I love the look. Simple for very stylish and she looks beautiful today." Royal watcher @sory_garcia7 opined that Letizia looked "perfect" and they "loved the look" and @ceciliabril replied saying: "I love this look too." The poplin collar sweater is described by Sandro as "a knit sweater with a V-neck and a detachable embroidered collar" and luckily, the piece is discounted from £259 to £129.50 in the UK.  Zara has a similar jumper for around £29: a white collar sweater made of "contrasting combined fabric" with long sleeves. The high street brand jumper also has a velvet front bow detail and a back zipper closure but similar jumpers can be found at fashion brands Mango or Shein. Earlier this week, Queen Letizia travelled to Greece with her husband King Felipe to attend King Constantine II's funeral. She looked polished and very elegant in a black coat dress very similar to the one Kate, Princess of Wales wore for Queen Elizabeth's funeral. Queen Letizia also donned a statement diamond brook and a petite black handbag complete with a tiny handle. For shoes, she opted for black pumps with pointed toes and paired these with sheer black tights. The royal finished her timeless and sophisticated look with small diamond drop earrings and styled her hair in an effortlessly chic updo.