For those who don't want to go down the route of cosmetic treatments or 'tweakments', updating your hair do can take years off your face. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Joana Neves, editorial director at haircare brand Alterna, about the ageing hair mistakes women tend to make, and what they can do instead to look younger. The expert began: "There are many ways mature women (over 50) can look younger via their hair." However, in the same vein, it's possible to age yourself unnecessarily with the wrong style, cut or colour. An unflattering hairstyle can age a woman's face drastically, according to expert Joana. She revealed a few styles that mature women should avoid at all costs or risk looking older. READ MORE: 73-year-old model shares 'age defying beauty routine'  Joana Express.co.uk: "In terms of styling, I always suggest older ladies to avoid the middle parting, which can make them appear older in age. "A side parting is a lot more flattering – it's a lot softer looking and also adds instant volume to your hair." Volume is great when administered properly, however it can also be totally ageing if there's too much of it. Joana suggested avoiding too much volume in the hair "in the form of backcombing and hairstyles like beehives and quiffs". Adding "height" to the hair in such a way is "very dated", according to the expert, and can "add years onto your appearance". Mature women don't have to forgo volume altogether though, in fact, as the hair thins with age adding a little bit of body can go a long way. The expert advised that "tousled waves and soft texture are the way to go". This look can be achieved easily "with the help of a heated styling iron or texturising sprays". READ MORE: 92yo shares her favourite beauty product that keeps her looking young  "My favourite is the Alterna Anti-Aging Caviar Professional Styling Texture Spray - which is also anti-ageing!." Joana also offered some advice to older women on which haircuts to stick to and which to steer clear of. She observed: "When it comes to the haircut, older ladies should stay away from longer hairstyles whereby their ends look thin and straggly. "Instead, opt for haircuts that allow their hair to look thick, luscious and healthy."