Universal Credit supports many Britons on low incomes with payments due to increase by 10.1 percent in April. How much a person or couple receives depends on their situation, so they have to update the DWP if their circumstances change so their payments are accurate. It is an offence if a person does not inform the DWP when their situation changes which could result in a criminal investigation. If a person is suspected of taking advantage of the Government’s benefit system, they may be visited by a Fraud Investigation Officer and be asked to attend an interview about their claim. These interviews are recorded and could be used as evidence in a later criminal investigation. The claimant will then be instructed to pay back any overpaid money and if they are suspected of committing or attempting fraud, they may be brought before court. This may result in a fine of up to £5,000. READ MORE: Santander, NatWest and HSBC among banks closing 193 branches this year - are you affected? These are the 18 things the DWP considers to be a change in circumstances, which must be reported to the department:  Those who do not report a change in circumstances also risk getting a sanction which could result in their Universal Credit or other benefit payments being reduced. People can also avoid sanctions by reading through their Claimant Commitment, and making sure they understand it in full. The commitment sets out what a claimant agrees to do in preparing for and looking for work, and how they will increase their earnings if they are already in work. A recent debate in Parliament revealed the number of sanctions had increased 250 percent in the three months before the pandemic. READ MORE: ‘Ridiculously overspending’: Couple slash energy bills by £400 with simple heating change    If a person forgets to report a change in circumstances, they may be able to make a case for why they did this. Citizens Advice says a person may be able to argue this if: In this case, a person can go through the mandatory reconsideration process, to see if the ruling can be overturned. The daily sanctions that will affect a claimant’s Universal Credit payment for however long the sanction lasts are as follows: