Alexander Zverev and older brother Mischa didn't hold back when building their tennis predictions for 2023, which the former believes will be Rafael Nadal's final season in the sport. Not only that, but the younger sibling forecasted Nadal will call time on his glottering career after winning a record-extending 15th French Open in June. Last year was a mixed one for Nadal as he won both the Australian Open and Roland Garros to move ahead as the most prolific men's major-winner with 22 Grand Slam titles. Alexander, 25, had a chance to stop that stampede but was forced to retire from his French Open semi-final against the Spaniard after tearing three ankle ligaments mid-match. Both Zverevs were full of confidence regarding this year's clay campaign as Mischa responded "my brother will do it" when asked who can beat Nadal on his preferred surface. "Because he missed out on his opportunity in 2022, so why not? Give it another go in 2023," he told Eurosport. The eldest active athlete in the Zverev family backed his brother to win his maiden major in Paris, but 'Sascha' went in a different direction when making his most audacious prediction for the year. "Rafael Nadal sadly retiring at the French Open," came the answer, which was greeted by gasps from production crew. "Which I don't want for him. And I think he'll have a great tournament—he might even win it, and then he'll say: 'Thank you very much.'" READ MORE Novak Djokovic makes concerning injury admission ahead of first Australian Open match  He's not the only member of the 'Big Three' who has a big season in store, however, as Mischa backed Novak Djokovic to surpass Nadal in the major title stakes. Alexander was more diplomatic in his response, highlighting the Serb "will be the favourite" for every Grand Slam outside Paris. However, considering he's entering a comeback campaign following last year's injury troubles, the 2020 U.S. Open finalist is hoping to have his own impact on the big stages. "There are some other guys [who] hopefully have something to say against them [Nadal and Djokovic]," said Zverev Jr. with a smile. The Hamburg-born talent had been touted for a huge career after breaking onto the elite tennis scene as a teenager, but Alexander's style is yet to bring him a major crown. Moreover, the progress of younger talents like world No. 1 Carlos Alcaraz (19), Casper Ruud (24), Stefanos Tsitsipas (24), Felix Auger-Aliassime (22) and Holger Rune (19) has created a wave of fresh competition. DON'T MISS Rafael Nadal doubted as Spaniard warned about 'huge handicap' before Draper Aus Open clash Novak Djokovic 'sacks coach in front of 15,000 people' during Nick Kyrgios charity clash Tim Henman offers Jack Draper advice on how to beat Rafael Nadal like Norrie - EXCLUSIVE    Alexander refused to name a New Year's resolution given he 'doesn't believe in them,' while the more seasoned Mischa vowed to 'fix his forehand' after 20 years of trying. The latter's best days are firmly behind him at the age of 35, however, having made his best Grand Slam run with a trip to the Australian Open quarter-finals in 2017. All jokes aside, Zverev may be one of the most credible threats to Nadal's throne at Roland Garros, having made semi-final appearances in Paris the last two seasons running. First, however, Sascha will look to regain some Grand Slam momentum in Melbourne, where the No. 12 seed will face Peru's Juan Pablo Varillas in the first round of the Australian Open.