Netflix’s international output has grown from strength to strength with each year, which has become especially apparent with their latest crop of South Korean and Japanese dramas. Following the whirlwind success of Squid Game last year, the return of another wildly popular survival series, Alice in Borderland, has sent subscribers into a frenzy after just a few days of being released. Alice in Borderland’s second season has set a new record as one of Netflix’s most-viewed non-English series within a week. The latest instalment has been viewed more than triple the number of hours as the first season upon its release in December. According to the official Golden Twitter account, which “celebrates the Asian diaspora on Netflix”, season two recorded 61,190,000 hours watched between December 19-25. Meanwhile, season one was also watched an impressive 18,660,000 hours within the same week. READ MORE: BBC could ‘warp Britain’ with ‘woke’ TV dramas, claims report The account tweeted: “Alice in Borderland season two has officially set a record for the most hours viewed in a week for a Japanese series.” Many viewers took to the comments to celebrate the show reaching such an impressive milestone. @FrancesKaku replied: “It deserves the spotlight to be honest. It should be the #1 Netflix show.” And @larahannings13 exclaimed: “Let’s gooooo this is so well deserved!” (sic) The series kicks off when video game-obsessed outcast Arisu (played by Kento Yamazaki) unwittingly finds himself a player in a series of deadly survival games. After beating the first round of games, Arisu and his allies must face off against the citizens of the Borderland, who have become masters of the challenges. Groups known as the Kings, Queens and Jacks have all lived within the hidden underworld for years, and prove fierce adversaries for Arisu, Usagi (Tao Tsuchiya) and their friends. Viewers are now eagerly anticipating a potential third season after an ambiguous ending teased a mysterious enemy based on the Joker card. DON'T MISS:Ozark’s Jason Bateman changed Power star’s character [INSIGHT]P-Valley’s Mercedes star admits cast broke filming rules [INTERVIEW]The Witcher fans demand cancellation after ‘worst reviews ever’ [BACKLASH] However, the fate of Arisu and his allies is unknown after they woke up having no memory of their time in the Borderland. Based on Haro Aso’s popular manga series of the same name, the iconic thriller has also been followed up by a direct sequel and a spin-off. The TV adaptation began in 2020 and Netflix immediately felt the demand for a second season. High viewership in several countries outside of Japan meant the streamer quickly confirmed a follow-up just two weeks after its premiere. However, it’s still unknown whether another announcement will be made in the coming days. Still, it’s obvious Alice in Borderland has struck a chord, both internationally and with Japanese viewers, so fans shouldn’t have to worry about the series ending just yet. It has now joined the likes of Squid Game, Money Heist and All of Us Are Dead as Netflix’s biggest non-English hits. Alice in Borderland seasons 1-2 are available to stream on Netflix.