The pro-Kremlin pundit delivered a bizarre news report on Russia state TV suggesting to viewers that British brothels had been hit hard as a result of striking rail workers. Skabeyeva declared strikes by railway unions had resulted in lost earnings for prostitutes in the UK amounting to tens of thousands of pounds. Skabeyeva told Russian state media: "In Britain, railway workers' strikes have resulted in, amongst other things, the first time that British prostitutes cannot wait for their clients, who simply cannot get to priestesses of love. "The electric trains do not run. So every English brother has already lost between £30,000 and £70,000 since January 3. Poor people." Skabeyeva rose to prominence in 2012-2013 due to her coverage of political events in Russia and Ukraine. She is known for her criticism of the Russian opposition, which earned her the nickname "Iron Doll of Putin TV". READ MORE: Putin to raise conscript age in desperate bid to bolster troop numbers Subsequently, the 37-year-old has also played a crucial role in the Kremlin's propaganda strategy amid the war in Ukraine. Meanwhile, the Russian and Belarusian air forces began a joint exercise Monday in Belarus, which borders Ukraine and served as a staging ground for Russia's February 24 invasion of Ukraine. The Institute for the Study of War, a Washington think tank, reported signs of the Kremlin taking steps to turn its Ukraine invasion into "a major conventional war” after months of embarrassing military reversals. What Moscow calls “a special military operation” aimed to capture the Ukrainian capital, Kyiv, within weeks and to install a Kremlin-friendly regime there, but Russian forces ultimately withdrew from around Kyiv, the think tank said. Then came a successful Ukrainian counteroffensive in recent months before the onset of winter slowed military advances. "The Kremlin is likely preparing to conduct a decisive strategic action in the next six months intended to regain the initiative and end Ukraine’s current string of operational successes," the Institute for the Study of War said in a report late Sunday.