Three people have died in an early morning fire at a hotel in Scotland. Emergency services were called to the New County Hotel in County Place, Perth, at around 5am today. Police Scotland said three people had been confirmed dead at the scene. Guests had been evacuated, along with two people staying in a neighbouring block of flats. A number of people were treated for minor injuries by crews from the Scottish Ambulance Service. Roads surrounding the hotel were closed off with members of the public asked to avoid the area. Police Scotland Chief Superintendent Phil Davison said: "Our thoughts are very much with the families and loved ones of those who have died at what is a very difficult time for everyone. "Our inquiries are ongoing to establish the full circumstances of what has happened and officers are conducting a joint investigation with the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service."  Jason Sharp, the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service’s Local Senior Officer for Perth, Kinross, Angus and Dundee, said: “We were alerted at 5.02am on Monday, January 2, to reports of a commercial building fire at County Place, Perth. “Operations Control mobilised nine fire appliances and specialist resources to the scene where over 60 firefighters were in attendance. “Firefighters worked hard to rescue a number of casualties from the building and transferred them into the care of the Scottish Ambulance Service. “Tragically, three people were pronounced dead at the scene. Our thoughts are very much with the family, friends and the wider community affected at this difficult time. “A joint investigation alongside Police Scotland colleagues is now ongoing.” A Police Scotland spokesperson said: "Shortly before 5.10am on Monday, 2 January, 2023, police were called to a report of a fire at the New County Hotel, County Place, Perth. Emergency services are at the scene. "A number of guests have been evacuated from the hotel. Members of the public are being asked to avoid the area.” A spokesperson for the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said: "We are currently in attendance alongside emergency service partners at a commercial building fire at County Place in Perth. "Operations Control mobilised nine fire appliances to the scene after the alarm was raised at 5.02am on Monday January 2."  A Scottish Ambulance Service spokesperson “We received a call from Scottish Fire and Rescue Service of a fire at the New County Hotel in Fife at 5.05am. "We responded with 21 resources including our Special Operation Resource Team, with our first resource on scene at 5.12am."  Perth and Kinross Council said a number of roads in the area had been closed. The local authority announced the road closures on Twitter, saying they were "due to an ongoing incident". It added: "Be aware that traffic in the surrounding area is also likely to be impacted as well as public transport routes. Please avoid the area if you can."  Pictures shared on social media show a heavy emergency service presence at the scene. Scottish Deputy First Minister John Swinney described the fatalities as "heartbreaking news". Mr Swinney, the MSP for Perthshire North, tweeted: "My sympathies with all affected by this tragedy." 