Arsenal are set to be boosted with the return of Emile Smith Rowe against Oxford United on Monday. It is reported that the England international will start the FA Cup third-round clash to ease the attacking issues at Mikel Arteta's disposal. Arsenal drew blank against Newcastle in Tuesday's goalless draw at the Emirates. It was the first Premier League game they had failed to score in all season. Newcastle have the meanest defence in the English top flight for a reason. But the Gunners' shortcomings in goalscoring options was clear to see. With Gabriel Jesus out injured, Eddie Nketiah is the only fit senior striker available to Arteta. Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli have both been in good form in front of goal, as has captain Martin Odegaard. But there was no real senior option Arteta could turn to off the bench. Marquinhos has flattered to deceive in his appearances in cup competitions since his arrival last summer. READ MORE: Man Utd owners the Glazers may make U-turn and allow bonus signing  Fabio Vieira was not deemed a strong enough candidate to replace one of the starters, despite costing £34million. While academy ace Nathan Butler-Oyedeji made the bench for the first time. So the return of Smith Rowe will be a major boost to Arteta. The Athletic report he will start at the Kassam Stadium, providing he doesn't suffer any further setbacks. The winger, who can also play in attacking midfield, has been absent since September due to a groin problem. The club decided it was best Smith Rowe went under the knife in an attempt to resolve a groin problem that had been hampering him for some time. He is the forgotten man in many ways. Arsenal have continued with serene progress in the Premier League in his absence. DON'T MISSLiverpool discover fee needed for Dortmund to sell Bellingham in JanuaryTottenham 'meddling' in Leicester transfer with bid 'to change everything'Man Utd have obvious mega deal to go after as Chelsea open the door  However, they need him back fit and firing now. Smith Rowe showcased his goalscoring ability in the first half of last season. The 22-year-old netted nine times by Boxing Day 2021. In context, that tally would make him the highest scorer in the Gunners squad this season, two clear of Saka, Odegaard and Martinelli, who each have seven. With Arsenal out of Europe completely last term, eight of those nine goals came in the Premier League. The second half of the season didn't go quite as well for Smith Rowe. Fitness issues restricted the amount of starts he could make and Gabriel Martinelli stood up in his absence. But a fully-fit and firing Smith Rowe could be exactly what Arsenal need this term as they push for their first title in 19 years.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here