Taylor Sheridan’s latest addition to the Yellowstone universe has been gripping fans. 1923 features a star-studded cast led by Hollywood heavyweights Harrison Ford and Dame Helen Mirren, telling a blood-soaked tale set in the Wild West. However, many viewers have now been left scratching their heads after it wad confirmed there wouldn’t be a new episode this week. 1923 is taking a midseason hiatus with the first four episodes now broadcast and available to stream. The limited series kicked off on December 18, filling the gap left by parent show Yellowstone which is on its own midseason break. The first four episodes of 1923 aired on consecutive weeks on Paramount+ with the midseason finale broadcast on January 8. Episode five of the drama premieres on Sunday, February 5 at 3am Eastern Standard Time on Paramount+. READ MORE: Here's a look at the Dutton family in Yellowstone The show finished on a tense note with an attack on the Duttons by Banner Creighton (played by Jerome Flynn) and his men in a turf war. John Dutton Sr (James Badge Dale) was killed in the skirmish, while Banner did his best to ensure Jacob Dutton (Ford) was no more by riddling him with bullets. The entire family was affected with Jack Dutton (Darren Mann) and Elizabeth Strafford (Michelle Randolph) all wounded in the deadly assault. With the Dutton ranch in chaos, matriarch Cara (Mirren) wrote to Spencer Dutton (Brandon Sklenar) to come and protect his family. Spencer and Alexandra (Julia Schlaepfer) were off in Zanzibar and completely unaware of the carnage and danger. Meanwhile, Cara tended to Jacob’s wounds and by the grace of god he managed to survive. The family also laid John to rest with most members pitching in to dig the grave and give him a proper burial. Following the assault, Banner need to regroup with only a handful of his men coming out alive from the Dutton ranch attack. He also met with wealthy businessman Donald Whitfield (Timothy Dalton), informing him of John and Jacob’s deaths, unaware the latter had survived. Banner said it would only be a matter of time before he took over the ranch and handed over the minerals to Whitfield with the pair still to settle the deal. Nonetheless, Whitfield gave Banner the necessary funds to get more men on board for his money to take the Yellowstone ranch. To makes matters worse, Banner then went on to steal cattle from the Duttons with the family in a weakened state and unable to retaliate. DON'T MISS...The Project’s Sarah Harris in takedown of Harry's 'cheap' memoir [INSIGHT]Prince Harry's claims of Camilla 'planting stories' shut down [ANALYSIS]GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash [VIEWER REACTION] The midseason finale closed with Spencer finally reading Cara’s letter and realising he needed go and fight in the war or face losing everyone he held dear to him. After receiving the tragic news of John’s death, Spencer knew it was time to return and save his family from their foes. 1923 is confirmed to be a two-season-only show with eight episodes in each outing. Season two is expected to have a similar mid-season hiatus to the first outing with viewers left on a tantalising cliff-hanger. 1923 will return to Paramount+ on February 5 at 3am EST