David Datro Fofana will have to make his Chelsea debut after completing a £9million transfer from Molde this month. Blues head coach Graham Potter has stressed he won't rush the 19-year-old striker into making his bow for the club as he adapts to his new high-profile surroundings. Fofana became Potter's first signing at the Stamford Bridge helm on January 1, joining his rebuild after Chelsea struck a pre-agreement with Molde. He has scored 24 goals in 65 appearances for the Norwegian outfit and lands at Chelsea with the dream of following in his idol Didier Drogba's footsteps. The two-capped Ivory Coast international was in the City Ground stands as Chelsea drew 1-1 at Nottingham Forest on Sunday. But he may have to watch his new club from the sidelines for a little longer, judging by Potter's reserved stance on moving him into his plans. The Chelsea boss said: "We still need to wait for the clearances and all those formalities. "He's been on a bit of a break, so we'll give him some time to train, to assess him, and then work out the best solution in terms of taking the next step in his career." JUST IN: Arsenal have clear view on Chelsea's Mudryk hijack as 'joke' emerges  Fofana is expected the be the first of a handful of January arrivals at Chelsea as Potter looks to mould his newly inherited squad. The Londoners are set to complete a £35m deal for AS Monaco centre-back Benoit Badiashile, and teenage Santos midfielder Andrey Santos will follow. Benfica midfielder Enzo Fernandez, named FIFA's Young Player of the Tournament at the 2022 World Cup, is also edging closer to a record switch to the club. Chelsea are reportedly ready to splash £112m in instalments to facilitate Fernandez's arrival, making it the biggest Premier League transfer in history. Despite the media storm swirling around Stamford Bridge, Potter refused to be drawn into transfer talk to prevent intensifying the rife speculation. READ MORE: Chelsea given Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer hope ahead of Man City game  "It's a good question, but the problem is if I answer it and I'm specific in that answer, every single player in that area will be linked with Chelsea," Potter explained. "So I have to dodge it – and I hope you can understand why I'm dodging it." In the foreground, Chelsea are preparing for a daunting double-header against Manchester City this week. The Blues host Pep Guardiola's side in the Premier League on Thursday before travelling for an FA Cup third-round encounter at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here