A mother from the US has explained how, despite describing herself as a stay-at-home mum, hiring a nanny helps prevent her from being "overwhelmed" as she already considers family and household work to be a "full-time job." Jen Miller, 35, from Austin, Texas, credits her decision to hire a full-time nanny as giving her the "energy and patience" she needs to be the best parent she can be to her two-year-old daughter, Liberty. The nanny comes in during the day to provide support to Mrs Miller while she works on other projects, household tasks, and other family needs. Married to Grant Miller, 39, who is the founder and CEO of a software firm, Mrs Miller recognises that they are fortunate to be able to run their family the way that they do, describing it as an "immense privilege." Speaking to The Mirror, Mrs Miller said: "I like to be able to give my full presence to my daughter as a mom, to play with her and give her the attention she deserves." "When the nanny isn't there, I do feel overwhelmed and like other things have to be pushed to the wayside or in the evenings." "In that case I find it difficult to give my full focus and attention to my daughter." "I recognise it's an immense privilege to manage the family in the way we do." "In my opinion, family and household management is already a full-time job." Recognising their situation's unique nature, Mrs Miller said: "Everyone has their own way of managing their family, whether it's family support, a nanny, or childcare share." READ MORE: 'Makes me a better mother' Zara Tindall explains 'mum guilt', juggling career and children Mrs Miller posts on TikTok about her parenting experiences and follows other mothers online. "I look at other mums on social media, managing the household and family and I think how difficult it is for everyone." "Most people don't show the full story - this is just me sharing my own situation." Mrs Miller went on to explain how having a full-time nanny also allows for her own self-care, like working out at the gym, while knowing that her daughter is being cared for responsibly. The mother explained: "Every family is different. This is how we make ours work." DON'T MISS:  "Having a full-time nanny gives me the energy and patience to be the best mum I can be while still taking care of all of our family's needs." Mrs Miller has also been pleased by the positive reception her story has received online and how the news has encouraged people to share their own parenting journey. The mother of the two-year-old said: "I have been so pleased and surprised to see people's support." While initially having some concerns and being "worried there might be some people who wouldn't understand", Mrs Miller was pleased to find that "lots of people have shared their own childcare stories." "Some people have said I'm not really a stay-at-home mother because I do work on projects," the mother said, "but I would describe myself as that for now." "People send really nice comments."