The cost-of-living crisis of the past year has substantially lowered living standards as inflation has eaten into family budgets, especially on basics such as food, petrol and domestic energy. No wonder it seems to have ushered in a new era of industrial strife as workers seek catch-up pay deals. There is a temptation at such times to surrender to a prevailing mood of pessimism and even cynicism about the very possibility of an upturn. So the notion we are turning a corner right now and putting the worst of matters into our rear-view mirror is bound to meet with resistance, even when it is aired by the Governor of the Bank of England. Andrew Bailey’s notably chirpy tone this week, after headline inflation fell fractionally to 10.5 per cent from 10.7 per cent, would be easy to dismiss. After all, the drop looks negligible compared with the Bank’s target of two per cent. But he is at least worth a hearing. “We think the most likely outcome is that inflation will fall quite rapidly this year, probably starting in the late spring and that has a lot to do with energy prices,” he said. “There was a sort of locked-in level of energy prices over the winter, but we expect it to fall quite rapidly after that.” “It does mean there is more optimism now that we are sort of going to get through the next year with an easier path.” The Bank still expects the economy to be in recession for the first half of the year, but now only a “shallow” one. And interest rates are expected to peak at 4.5 per cent rather than the 6 per cent previously feared. Better still, falling energy bills in the second half of the year should improve the outlook for the public finances. Quite soon we may even be able to test Rishi Sunak’s assertion that he is an instinctive Tory who truly wants to cut our taxes. If these better circumstances do come to pass – and in the absence of another major negative shock they should do – per- haps we will reach a different perspective about recent years. For what if the most notable thing is not how badly we have struggled, but how well we have held together in the face of extraordinary pressures? The past few years have seen Britain hit with three major economic shocks in quick succession. The first was an investment slowdown after the vote to leave the EU as business waited for clarity on the way forward. Attempts by establishment Remainers to thwart Brexit caused nearly four years of unnecessary uncertainty and deadlock. Then, the very moment we did leave, Covid swept in, blowing a £300billion hole in the national finances. It put public services like the NHS under huge pressure and ushered in massive societal strains over the withdrawal of normal civil liberties. To make matters worse, the day after the Government declared the pandemic over and announced plans for “learning to live with” Covid, Russia invaded Ukraine. And yet, unlike many other countries, we have seen no major riots and our social fabric has just about held together. Undoubtedly there has been widespread hardship but it would take a jaundiced observer not to acknowledge the impressive capacity Britain has shown for protecting the most vulnerable and helping everyone through. Boris Johnson was quite entitled to observe that the state had “wrapped its arms around” households during Covid, albeit at a very high monetary cost. And people pulled together on their own account too, show- ing their appreciation for front line workers who faced the very worst of the pandemic, and largely following highly intrusive rules and guidance. Of course, it could turn out that this political and economic climate of huge shocks crashing onto our shores in quick succession, one after another, is the “new normal”. Perhaps China will invade Taiwan soon. Perhaps there will be another financial crash. If this is the case, then at least the past few years have shown we can prevail. We are stronger than we knew – stronger together as well. But there is another possibility: that we are due a decent run of benign conditions under which we can reach new levels of prosperity and harness the potential of our fantastic country, which is well-placed to lead the world in many of the sunrise industries of the future. Let us dare to think that better days lie ahead.