So what about those ruthless business dealings? What about the tycoon’s admiration for Hitler and his claim last year that he would “take a bullet” for his friend Vladimir Putin? So many questions for the documentary to answer, which is why Pandey’s chosen anecdote – about how one of Britain’s richest men likes to eat fish – was surprising to say the least. “Sometimes he would go to a restaurant and he would have the trout and never let them bone it. This nonagenarian would lift this trout off the bone, eat it, flip it and eat the meat from the other side,” revealed the man whose 2010 BAFTA-winning film about the late F1 racing legend Ayrton Senna was his original entry point into Ecclestone’s high-powered world. To Pandey, a former orthopaedic surgeon, it showed how, if he had not been a businessman, Ecclestone has the temperament to have been a successful plastic surgeon and still has the determination “to enjoy his faculties to the nth degree”. To others perhaps, the image of a man worth an estimated £2.5billion skilfully picking clean the bones of his meal might conjure thoughts of the way he did business. If some of the deals he did on his way to becoming the ringmaster of Formula One did not make him enough enemies, then his deplorable recent comments about world dictators certainly did, more of which later. Five years after Ecclestone left F1, ousted as chief executive by incoming American corporation Liberty Media after he spent 35 years building the sport, as a manager, team owner, media player and kingpin, his tarnished reputation is sorely in need of some restoration. Pandey assures me the new series – Lucky! – is not an attempt to rewrite Ecclestone’s legacy, but is, instead, the billionaire’s way of passing on his story to his two-year-old son Ace, by his third wife Fabiana Flosi. Sports fans will make their own minds up. The documentary chronicles Ecclestone’s ascent through formula One over decades as it became a global phenomenon, making huge stars of the likes of Jackie Stewart, Niki Lauda, Michael Schumacher, Nigel Mansell and Lewis Hamilton, to name a few. It is accompanied by hours of stunning archive footage of handsome drivers speeding around race tracks, with scores of beautiful women at their sides when they are not behind the wheel. Shady boardroom deals are recreated in comic-style animation, and at every stage Ecclestone appears in the middle of things like the ringmaster, negotiating television rights here, or locked in battle with Jean-Marie Balestre, president of the sport’s controlling body there. Ecclestone refers to his exercise of power and influence over time as ‘lucky’, hence the title of the series, but Pandey believes Ecclestone made his own luck. “We could have called this series ‘Control’, he explains. “Because in a way that’s what it’s really about. It’s about gaining control over every single aspect [of Formula One]. And there are formidable enemies because this is about money and when there’s a lot of that it creates competing interests. Diminutive Ecclestone always cut an unlikely figure to be the arch controller of such a global sport, and lifelong F1 fan Pandey confirms: “He’s five foot three inches tall, working class, no formal education after the age of 15, with one working eye. There is nothing ostensibly going for him except he is insanely bright.” The producer explains how they sought to tackle his problematic image in the series. Indeed, Ecclestone talks about his deals, regrets and misfortunes, looking messiah-like in white against an all-white backdrop. Pandey says: “We made a very conscious decision: white for the background, goatee, hair, shirt and tanned face and blue eyes. It’s a bit like God talking to you saying devilish things and that’s the fun of Bernie. He is cryptic but it’s all there.” The two men first met in 2006 when Pandey sought to agree a deal for archive F1 footage for his Senna film. He was invited to the palatial F1 headquarters at Prince’s Gate in Knightsbridge, London, and tells how Ecclestone surprised him by attending the meeting. “He was in the room for 17 minutes, I looked at my watch. He didn’t say very much. He didn’t sit. He just leant on the back of a chair and listened to our thoughts on how we would make the film and the need for the archive. And I’ll never forget what he said as he left. ‘Give us all the money you’ve gotten, we’ll see what we can do’.” They shook hands and Pandey said: “A handshake with him is pretty inviolable. A lot of people who don’t know him say ‘X, Y and Z’ about him but he treats as he finds. If you’re straight, he’s absolutely straight back. You shake his hand, the deal is done – you’d better keep your side of the bargain. That’s very important but that’s it.” The two men formed a bond and stayed in touch and, when Pandey approached him to make a biographical film in 2019, he agreed. Then the pandemic hit. Travelling first to Brazil and then Switzerland to escape surging cases, Ecclestone became a father at 89 for the fourth time in 2020, to Ace. Filming took place over two months in the autumn of that year in the luxurious ski resort of Gstaad, a mecca for the fabulously wealthy, followed by a final scene at Ecclestone’s newly-bought home in Ibiza in July 2021. Pandey says Ecclestone spoke candidly on camera about drivers who died – including talking for the first time about Ayrton Senna, killed in an accident in Italy in May 1994 aged just 34 – and about the breakdown of his marriage to second wife Slavica Ecclestone, mother to his daughters Tamara and Petra, whose own lives of unimaginable – some would say crass – luxury attract significant media attention. He admits Ecclestone is not quizzed in a journalistic manner, but insists he was asked some probing questions nonetheless, though the documentary was never meant to be investigative. “It’s a cunning tale about postwar Britain,” he says. “I asked him, ‘Why are so many people scared of you?’ He said, ‘I don’t know why. I haven’t actually had anyone killed’.” Pandey adds: “He’s got what I’d describe as this wartime gallows humour. That’s what you realise about his generation. "Streets went missing in the war. Families vanished. In early motor racing they just accepted death because they were like Spitfire pilots. When people died, they had a different attitude. And that comes to bite him very hard.” Ecclestone faced extensive criticism in the aftermath of Senna’s fatal crash in the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix. He was blamed for safety concerns that Senna had raised beforehand and he accidentally told the driver’s brother the driver had already died after mistaking “his head” for “he’s dead” over a walkie talkie. Then in 2009, he claimed the publicity surrounding the Brazilian’s death had been “good for F1”. This had long troubled Pandey, who regards Senna as his hero. Today in defence of Ecclestone, he highlights differences in how people who have witnessed so much death grieve. “People can’t work out what his attitude is, but if you watch the first episode, you will see he doesn’t lose one but two friends.” But what does he have to say about the string of grotesque and inflammatory comments Ecclestone has made about dictators past and present. After calling Adolf Hitler a man who “was able to get things done” in 2009, he caused outrage last year for saying he would “take a bullet” for Russian President Vladimir Putin, a long-term friend, despite his country’s war in Ukraine. Then there is his fall-out with F1 superstar Lewis Hamilton over the Black Lives Matter movement, not to mention allegations of tax fraud – Ecclestone faces trial in October accused of failing to declare more than £400million worth of foreign assets. Pandey says that and many other things were discussed in the documentary, saying: “If I thought he was anti-Semitic or racist I would never have done this. “You could look at this as an incredibly sympathetic portrait. That’s very superficial. We asked him straight. We’ve got some very hard headlines.” In the series, Ecclestone is defended by former motorsport owner Eddie Jordan who tries to justify the Hitler quote thus: “He believes in a form of dictatorship because he always believed that no-one else will agree, he’ll have to pull them together and it’s his way or no way.” Pandey chips in: “He explains what Bernie’s trying to say is that dictators in a business like Formula One get things done. That’s what they do because of these disparate characters with their own teams and ideas. “Could he have phrased that better? Yes, he could.” Pandey uses the analogy of a gardener to describe Ecclestone’s behaviour in the sport which doesn’t necessarily make his subject any more sympathetic. “A gardener has to be ruthless at times, [employing] pest control and cutting down things that are beautiful because the balance has gone. I genuinely think he tries to do good by people but you don’t want to cross someone like that. They have so much power.” However much cynics might view the documentary as an opportunity to rehabilitate Ecclestone, Pandey insists the series shows the real Bernie. “When he talks about his divorce, that’s about as vulnerable as he will ever allow himself to be. And when he gets fired.” He said he witnessed the softer side of the billionaire when he was with wife Fabiana – 46 years his junior – and their son Ace, and said it was touching to see them holding hands during a screening of the first two episodes of Lucky! and to see Ecclestone play with his son. “They have just the most amazing relationship. He walks like Bernie. He does that Groucho Marx walk with his hands behind his back. And he’s very clever. He started putting together three-word sentences very early. You can see the eyes, very bright, he doesn’t miss much.” Ecclestone agreed to make the documentary series for his son, says Pandey. But does the tycoon also want to repair his legacy? “Of course,” Pandey adds. “I hope people will come to this thinking it’s an ordinary sports documentary and be captivated. And I hope they do fall for him. “They go on the journey but I hope they also engage their brains as well as their hearts on this journey. Because what you realise is, it wasn’t an easy journey. It’s a journey that’s just constantly full of conflict.” And one in his heyday Ecclestone usually won.