The FA have opened a spot-fixing investigation into suspicious betting patterns during Monday's game between Oxford United and Arsenal in the FA Cup third round, according to reports. The Gunners ran out comfortable winners at the Kassam Stadium to reach the fourth round of the tournament at a canter. Monday's game has since been placed under investigation by the FA after suspicious betting activity was detected, with a dossier of evidence regarding supposed corruption having already been compiled by the governing body, according to the Daily Mail. It is said that the FA have learned of alleged phone messages that were sent before kick-off in a betting scam that reportedly cost one bookmaker in excess of £1,600. One of the messages in question is purported to show a betting slip with around £200 on it. Eyewitnesses at the Kassam Stadium reportedly saw many people celebrating in the stands, with several fans bragging about having won hundreds of pounds. JUST IN: Arsenal told to ditch Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer for two reasons It is not immediately clear how many bets were placed, while the scale of the financial impact on bookmakers is yet to be fully uncovered. The FA are taking the matter very seriously, though, and it remains to be seen what their next course of action will be once the full facts have been established. An Oxford United statement reads: "Oxford United can confirm that they have been made aware of a specific allegation of irregular betting around our Emirates FA Cup game against Arsenal on Monday evening. The club will co-operate fully with any investigation and while this is ongoing, we are unable to make any further comment." Arsenal will have been happy with their collective performance against Oxford despite a slow start to proceedings which saw them go into the half-time break without having taken the lead. They eventually managed to turn on the style in the second half, with the Premier League leaders making their superiority count to set up a fourth-round meeting with City at the Etihad Stadium. Mikel Arteta reserved special praise for Nketiah after the final whistle, with the 23-year-old scoring twice to put Oxford to the sword, but insisted that he would like to sign another striker to provide some much-needed injury cover before the January transfer window slams shut. "He showed great composure," said Arteta. "He is a great finisher and the timing of his runs as well. The decision making to wait until the last moment shows his quality. It's not only that, his understanding, his work rate I think is getting better and better and I'm really happy with him. "The problem is we have only one [fit striker] and to go for that many months until [Gabriel] Jesus is back is not easy, but we have to get the most out of the players that we have at the moment and if we can have some reinforcements, great." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.