Manchester United have no plans to use Aaron Wan-Bissaka in a swap deal to sign Jack Butland, according to reports. The Red Devils are keen to land a new goalkeeper following Martin Dubravka’s sudden return to Newcastle. And it seems as though the Crystal Palace shot-stopper is their main target at the current moment in time, despite links to Sam Johnstone. According to The Athletic, United have entered talks with Palace as they look to sign Butland as cover until the end of the season. The 29-year-old has a house in Manchester from his time at Stoke and, now, could be poised for a move to the Premier League giants. It’s claimed the availability of Wan-Bissaka, who has impressed of late, will come up in discussions. The defender is usually behind Diogo Dalot in Erik ten Hag’s pecking order. But United don’t want to include the 25-year-old in any potential arrangement at the current moment in time. Wolves are also keen on Wan-Bissaka this winter, with Julen Lopetegui’s side ready to spend as they look to avoid relegation to the Championship. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Regarding Butland, Palace could extend his contract with the former England star’s current deal due to expire in the summer. That would then enable them to approve a loan, with Palace previously letting Wan-Bissaka and Wilfried Zaha move to Old Trafford over the past decade. United had, per the report, considered recalling Dean Henderson from his loan spell at Nottingham Forest. With the England star playing regularly in the Premier League, however, the Red Devils ultimately abandoned that potential plan. United have been linked with Yann Sommer, who will be a free agent come the summer unless he signs an extension for Borussia Monchengladbach. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Yet Bayern Munich are eyeing the Switzerland international, especially with Manuel Neuer sidelined through injury until the end of the season. It’s also stated that United are in talks with current No 1 David De Gea over a new contract, too. The Spain international currently earns £375,000 a week at Old Trafford, making him the club’s highest earner. But United are hoping De Gea will stay on reduced terms, with the former Atletico Madrid star managing four clean sheets in a row. The stalwart was asked about United’s performance after their emphatic 3-0 win over Bournemouth on Tuesday night. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And De Gea praised his team-mates, saying: "We played really well and scored from a free-kick and in the second-half, in the first 15 to 20 minutes we controlled the game well but after the second goal they had some counter attacks where there was space in the middle of the pitch and we cannot concede clear chances but I made some saves and we got the three points in the end. "Everyone is really focused. We changed both centre backs and they played really well. The feeling in the dressing room is that everyone wants to win and go the same way. "We go game by game. We have another big game against Everton on Friday in the FA Cup. “I think the team was a bit tired at the end but we go again and will try to win." And Luke Shaw, who scored United’s second goal of the game, added: “It was a really good result. “At times we got a bit sloppy and conceded chances but David [De Gea] was amazing and made a number of really good saves to keep that clean sheet and an important three points which we needed. “I’ll play wherever the team needs me or the manager wants me. Back to left-back tonight and delighted to get on the score sheet. I don’t get many. “The strides we are taking are going in the right direction that we want. “There is still a lot to improve on but things are looking really good and positive and we feel like the belief and confidence is back, and you can feel it around the place, not just with the players and the staff but you can feel it in the stadium and around the fans. "Hopefully they are enjoying it at the moment but I feel there is a lot more to come and hopefully we can keep putting smiles on people’s faces."