Meghan Markle has fuelled the divide between King Charles III and Prince Harry, according to a royal commentator. However, royal expert Angela Levin said that the King would always "have an open home" for the Duke of Sussex. Following the release of Prince Harry's memoir Spare, royal watchers were astounded by a series of bombshell claims by the Duke about the Royal Family. However, King Charles has "always loved" his son, but when Meghan Markle came along that all changed, Ms Levin claimed. "King Charles loves Harry, he's always loved Harry and always got on very well with him, until, I have to say, Meghan came along," Ms Levin said. Any reconciliation between the King and the Prince could be difficult, according to Ms Levin.  In Spare, Prince Harry detailed how he "begged" King Charles III not to marry Camilla and claims the Queen Consort "sacrificed me on her personal PR alter" by allegedly working with the British press. When asked if she thought the Sussexes had been given "good advice" about what to share in Spare, Ms Levin claimed that Prince Harry started down the road to his memoir by "following Meghan" and claimed the Prince had become "very meek". She added: "The trouble is, Meghan doesn't like being told about things. She has great confidence in herself, I'm putting that kindly. She tells Harry what to do, she's got no idea how it is. "She wants to be the winner, the top grader and the person that people look towards. Harry has followed her. He's very meek now and I think it's terrible to take that sort of attitude." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry accused of 'blackmailing' Royal Family  Tensions began to flare within the family, according to Prince Harry, ahead of his wedding to Meghan Markle in 2018. The Duke claimed in Spare that his brother, Prince William, urged him to take it slow with the former Suits actress and even eventually called her "rude", "abrasive" and "difficult". Prince Harry's memoir Spare hit shelves on January 10 amid a series of leaks in the press and interviews given by the Duke which made headlines across the world. Released at a pivotal moment for the Royal Family between the Queen's death and the King's Coronation, it became the fastest-selling non-fiction book ever when it sold 1.43 million copies in the US, UK and Canada on its first day. 