Lewis Hamilton's future in F1 remains a mystery with the seven-time world champion yet to officially sign a new contract with Mercedes. Express Sport brings all the latest updates from what has been said by both Hamilton and Toto Wolff on the contract and how long it could be. It was initially thought that when Hamilton signed his latest contract back in 2021 that it could potentially be his last in F1. The Mercedes driver had previously stated that he wouldn't follow in the footsteps of Kimi Raikkonen and Fernando Alonso by racing in F1 into his 40s. But his stance appeared to change last year with Hamilton admitting to Wolff that he still had "another five years" in him. The British racing superstar confirmed later in October that he is "planning to do a multiyear deal" - putting to bed any possibility that he plans to walk away from the sport at the end of this year. Both Hamilton and Wolff insisted that talks wouldn't happen until the 2022 season ended, but nothing has been signed as of yet. Speaking recently, Hamilton admitted there's simply been "no time" for negotiations to start. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE   He added that he does occasionally have thoughts about not wanting to drive in F1 anymore, but confirmed his plan is to stay beyond the 2023 season. "We haven't started yet. So far, there has been no time for this, we were on the road," Hamilton told Bild. “Sometimes you wake up and have this feeling: ‘I don't want to do this anymore’. And sometimes you wake up and think: ‘I can do other things all my life, there's definitely more I want to achieve’.  “It won't be a huge time now, but I will definitely stay.” Toto Wolff echoed Hamilton's comments, but refused to put a timeline on when discussions will likely take place. He said: “Well, the job list is pretty long in what is needed to be done. But certainly, Lewis’ contract is one of the topics that we will tackle over the winter. But there is no firm deadline. "Lewis is part of the team and the team is part of Lewis. There is no reason to not continue.”