A health alert has been issued for vulnerable patients as the temperatures across the UK are set to plunge to -3C. On Wednesday, the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) issued a level three cold weather alert for all of England until 9 am on Friday.  It means vulnerable patients’ health is at greater risk, and the delivery of services could be disrupted. Dr Agostinho Sousa, Head of Extreme Events and Health Protection at UKHSA, said: “Cold weather can have a serious impact on health, particularly older people and those with pre-existing health conditions, as it increases the risks of heart attacks, strokes and chest infections. “During this period, it is important to check in on family, friends and relatives who may be more vulnerable to the cold weather. “If you have a pre-existing medical condition or are over the age of 65, it is important to try and heat your home to at least 18C if you can.”   The warning came as the Met Office issued a yellow alert of ice for Thursday and Friday is in place across Cornwall, most of Wales, Stoke-on-Trent, Greater Manchester, the northeast, northern Scotland, and north Northern Ireland. And frequent heavy showers, wintry inland, were forecast to head south across much of Scotland. Jason Kelly, Chief Meteorologist at the Met Office, said: “Cold, icy and sometimes snowy conditions are in the forecast this week with the UK seeing more of a north-westerly regime, with temperatures well below average for the time of year. “Wintry showers are likely at points through the week in the north of England. READ MORE: Farmer unable to prevent criminals & joyriders on his land due to laws  “Warnings have been issued and ice is likely to be a hazard for much of the week with some tricky travel conditions possible. “Maximum temperatures will largely only reach the low single figures with temperatures below freezing through most nights this week.” Met Office forecasters predicted Thursday night would be very cold with a hard frost at night, temperatures of -3C in towns and cities in central Scotland and lower in rural areas, with isolated freezing fog patches. Alex Deakin said there would be snow showers in northwest England and north Wales, moving southwards and growing more scattered. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry’s ‘contradictions’ in tell-all memoir laid bare by sen... [INSIGHT]Harry issued plea over Lili and Archie after airing dirty royal linen [SPOTLIGHT]Two men bleed to death after being sliced by knife-wielding chicken [REVEAL] On Friday evening temperatures would plummet again, giving another frosty night, he said. UKHSA has supplemented the cold weather plan for England with useful resources and advice on the risks of cold weather and tips for staying warm and well this winter. 