The Masked Singer star Davina McCall and her boyfriend Michael Douglas have moved in together three years after going public about their relationship. Davina McCall, 55, and boyfriend Michael Douglas, 47, are doing better than ever and the proof is in their decision to move in together.  The Masked Singer judge and her beau took their relationship to the next level by choosing to live together after dating for a few years. Speaking on their podcast Making The Cut, Davina explained that they have already started creating their own “traditions” at home. She said: “I am quite enjoying as a new couple doing new things, because we are newly living together. “It's quite nice making new traditions because we did that before Christmas, we sat down together and talked about it: ‘Ok, blank space, what shall we make tradition from now on?'" Davina also revealed she comes from a family of fervent royalists, so she decided to make watching The King's Speech on Christmas Day with Michael a tradition. The TV star explained: “My granny and my dad were ardent royalists; my sister was an ardent royalist. “I have to admit I never really watched the Queen's Speech but I was really interested to watch the King's speech this year because it was the first one. “I loved it because Rebecca stood up and did a salute because my dad would have done that and I loved her for that. I really liked watching it. “Let's make it a new, living together tradition." The judge and her hairdressing partner previously made the decision to not speak openly about their relationship and only went public in 2019. Davina previously explained that they had come to an “agreement” about not discussing their private life with the media. Addressing the couple's decision last year, Davina commented: "We’ve got an agreement that I don’t talk about our relationship, because our exes and kids don’t have a right to reply, so it’s not fair. DON'T MISSJulia Bradbury shares emotional update on tough breast cancer battle [LATEST]Jeff Beck dies after meningitis battle 'Tremendous loss' [NEWS]Amanda Holden wows with braless display in skintight crop top [PICTURES] "We won’t ever talk about us in an interview because somehow words linger and we don’t want that." She added to OK! magazine: "The podcast is pretty public but our relationship isn’t, and that will never change because we don’t need it to." Davina tied the knot with her first husband Andrew Leggett in 1997, with the pair splitting shortly after. Davina’s marriage to Andrew Leggett ended after a few months in 1997 and she then met the man who would become her second husband, Matthew Robertson. She met him by chance while walking her dog on London’s Clapham Common. The on-screen star married Matthew in 2000 and the couple share three children together - daughters Holly and Tilly, and son Chester. The former couple were married for close to two decades before calling it quits in 2017. The Masked Singer returns tomorrow at 7pm on ITV.