Washing machines clean dirty laundry, but they also need to be cleaned themselves too. According to Currys, there are several “tips and tricks” to do which will help your household appliance last longer. Tips included leaving the machine door open as well as cleaning the machine. Experts from Currys recommend leaving the washing machine door open after every time you use it to allow it to dry out. If you close the door, mould and mildew will build up inside the drum, which can leave clothes smelling musty and is often tough to banish. Modern detergents are great at cleaning clothing on a low temperature, meaning most Britons opt for a low temperature because it is cheaper to run. However, this allows dirt to build up inside the machine which would have been washed away if a hotter wash had been used. READ MORE: Four bathroom decor choices to avoid - can look ‘cheap’ and ‘messy’ A hot wash means running the machine on a cycle of at least 40C, but ideally it should be set to the hottest temperature possible. Some machines go up to 90C which can help to get rid of any odours, germs and bacteria. A cup of white vinegar can also help to remove odours, although this isn’t necessary. Sometimes using an eco-friendly method of cleaning clothing can also help to get rid and prevent any limescale building up. This could be using white vinegar and baking soda, or even a specialist product which is formulated to reduce limescale. DON'T MISS:Beige bathrooms are ‘anything but boring’ - ‘truly chic' [COMMENT]5 ‘money-saving activities’ to ‘boost resilience’ in your garden [INSIGHT]‘Overly stimulating’ paint colours to avoid in your home at all costs [EXPLAINER] Cleaning the door seals regularly is crucial in reducing any mould which may have built up in the moist area of the machine. According to Currys, mould left to fester will end up sinking into the rubber, which will be almost impossible to remove. The experts said: “The large piece of rubber between the drum and door can be a great place for mould to hide. “Gently pull back the rubber flaps so you can clean your washing machine door seal.” Take some white vinegar, bleach or just a damp cloth and wipe around the entire seal. READ MORE: ‘Only’ method to remove moisture from homes without opening windows According to the experts, cleaning your appliance regularly can also help to make it last longer and help to produce cleaner clothing. There are several different ways you can keep your machine clean, whether using natural products or specialised products purchased from supermarkets or other retailers. Currys explained: “Lots of washing machines come with self-cleaning programmes so it’s best to always use these before trying anything else. “If you don’t have a self-cleaning cycle, you can do it yourself with the help of special cleaning products. For a homemade option, you can try cleaning your washing machine with vinegar. “Just pour two cups of distilled vinegar into your detergent drawer. You can also use soda crystals, or baking soda, to clean your washing machine. “Sprinkle half a cup into your drum and then let your washing machine run on a hot setting, simple.” Britons should also clean their detergent drawers regularly, especially if there is excess detergent or fabric softener building up. Another area to target is the filter which catches any loose bits which come out in the wash. Simply remove the filter, which is often located at the bottom of the machine, and run it under hot water.