Lionel Messi has reportedly changed his mind about his future and will not pen a new deal at Paris Saint-Germain. The forward was expected to pen a new deal at the Parc des Princes before the end of the season, though he will now become a free agent. Rather unsurprisingly, Messi has been one of the standout stars in the Ligue 1 so far this season. The 35-year-old has scored eight goals and assisted 10 in 15 appearances, helping the club to a three-point lead at the top of the table. The forward’s contract expires at the end of the season though PSG were vocal about how they were keen to retain his services, but had put negotiations on pause until the World Cup was over to allow Messi to focus on the tournament – and he duly obliged. Upon his return to the club, it was reported that the former Barcelona star had agreed on a new deal with the French side. However, he has had a change of mind and is now exploring other options, according to Gerard Romero. Messi has ‘no intention’ to remain with PSG, which is expected to capture the attention of numerous clubs in and outside of Europe. MLS side Inter Miami have previously been cited as a possible destination for the seven-time Ballon d’Or winner, having already had conversations with David Beckham about the move and having a property in the area. However, Messi’s electric form for Argentina and PSG has shown that he is capable of competing for the very best trophies in football despite his age, which could prompt approaches from other top clubs. Saudi Arabian sides could also ask to be kept up to date on the situation given that the General Secretary of the Saudi Football Federation, Ibrahim Alkassim, recently spoke about how he would like to welcome the player to the Saudi Pro League and have him facing off against Cristiano Ronaldo regularly. Speaking to Marca, he said: “At the moment we do not know anything about a possible Lionel Messi arrival. Although I do not hide that, as Saudi Federation, we would like to have him one day in the domestic league. The idea of the Federation is always to improve our football, and of course, we would like to see Cristiano and Messi in the same league again, but the truth is that we don’t know anything now.”