Kate is expected to announce a drive next week highlighting the importance of the first five years of a child’s life. Yesterday, she met an eight-member advisory board at Windsor Castle supporting her work on the early years – her mission for the rest of her royal career. It came as experts urged politicians to devote more resources to giving the nation’s children a better start. One said that by just looking at their first five years, it was now possible to predict with confidence the physical illnesses a child would suffer in later life. Kate, 41, has created the Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood to bolster her work and help influence new national policies for children. The eight advisers, who will meet twice a year, have expertise is in sectors including neuroscience, psychology, perinatal psychiatry, early years services and policy development. Kate told them: “I am really excited for next week,” and added, laughing: “Lot’s coming up.”  The Princess said the task was to focus on what helps shapes us and our relationships, the emotional experience of childhood and creating the “building blocks and the scaffolding” for how we first start to understand ourselves and others. She added: “These are really complicated, big issues to look at. “But I think from the centre’s point of view, one of the main key areas is how do we develop the social and emotional skills which are vital for later life? “How do we better manage and regulate our emotions? How do we build better relationships? “So big questions, big topics, complicated, but I feel really excited to start the journey.” Royal aides have said Kate hopes to influence both Government and opposition MPs. Advisory panel member Dr Trudi Seneviratne, of the Royal College of Psychiatrists, said politicians must not cut financial support to projects created by their predecessors.  She said more than 1,000 Sure Start centres for children created by the last Labour Government had shut since 2010, after funding was cut. Dr Seneviratne added: “We need all of Government to buy into this as a really ambitious long-term programme that actually continues. “We can’t have constant change, so policy needs to be embedded in education, healthcare, maternity care, postnatal care, in all of health and social care that supports families. “It needs to grow and expand – that’s absolutely critical.” Consultant perinatal psychiatrist Dr Alain Gregoire, of the Maternal Mental Health Alliance, said: “Everybody knows having a baby who weighs the right amount is kind of important, even if they don’t know why. But people don’t fully understand how critically important relationships that we have with babies from birth are to their future health, to their future wellbeing. “Just getting that across and understood, not just to parents – this is about the whole of society – nurturing families with young children, supporting families with young children. “You can do that through social structures, but you can also do that just through the relationships that we have with families and as other human beings in society. “We need to value children more.” 