  Mark Ruffalo, 55, has asked Marvel fans to keep his co-star Jeremy Renner, 51, in their prayers after he suffered a “weather-related accident”. The Hollywood star took to Instagram to send a message of support to his friend, with whom he has starred in multiple Avengers movies.      In light of the terrible ordeal, the Spotlight actor told his 20.8 million Instagram followers: “'Prayers up for our brother on a full and speedy recovery.” Beside a news article showing that Jeremy had been involved in an accident, he added: “Please send healing goodness his way.” The actors first appeared in the original Avengers film together back in 2012 and have since appeared alongside each other in megahits Avengers: Age of Ultron and Avengers: Endgame. Yesterday, it was announced Jeremy was in a "critical but stable condition" after being airlifted to hospital on Sunday. READ MORE: Cliff Richard's agony as friend who lived with him for 30 years dies     His spokesperson went on to tell the US media that the Marvel actor is now with his family and "receiving excellent care". "We can confirm Jeremy is in critical but stable condition with injuries suffered after experiencing a weather related accident while ploughing snow earlier today," the statement read. In a statement, Washoe County Sheriff’s Office public information officer Kristin Vietti added: “Upon arrival, deputies coordinated with Truckee Meadows Fire Protection District and REMSA Health to arrange for medical transport of Jeremy Renner via care flight to a local area hospital.” It has now been revealed that the actor was left with blunt chest trauma and severe skeletal injuries after he was reportedly run over by the snowcat plough he was using to clear his driveway.     The Marvel star is now undergoing a second round of surgery following his first operation yesterday, in a bid to begin what will be a long road to recovery. The actor reportedly owns property near the Mt Rose-Ski Tahoe resort near Lake Tahoe, which is approximately 25 miles from Reno. On New Year's Eve, the region was hit by a severe storm which left 35,000 homes without power. The two-time Oscar nominee had been attempting to clear heavy snow from the grounds of his five bedroom ranch at the time of his accident. READ MORE... Ant McPartlin’s ex-wife Lisa sparks concern with cryptic post [INSIGHT] Karren Brady blasts 'self-obsessed' Meghan as Kate honours Queen [NEWS] Ola Jordan slips back into Strictly catsuit amid 3.5 stone weight loss [NEWS]      It has been reported that the safety features of his PistenBully snow groomer machine failed, causing the vehicle to run over his leg. A neighbour, who was reportedly a doctor, then rushed to the scene to administer a tourniquet to his leg to stem blood loss. Nonetheless, it was said to have continued bleeding extensively when he was airlifted to hospital on Sunday morning. The snow groomer model that caused the injury is no longer available from the brand's website, but it is still being sold as a secondhand vintage model on sites such as eBay.      Jeremy's driveway reportedly often became blocked due to snowfall, and the sheer size of his land meant he was forced to use a snow-ploughing machine regularly to dislodge it. On December 12, Jeremy posted a picture to Twitter that showed his car completely covered in snow. “Lake Tahoe snowfall is no joke,” the actor wrote in the caption next to the photograph. The month before, the actor could be seen skidding around in the snow as he drove his car in circles in a secluded woodland area, captioning the clip: “Monday morning Pre winter preparation couldn’t be more fun !! #reno #tahoe.” (sic)   