 Claire Foy, 38, and Matt Smith, 40, nurtured a friendship on-set of the Netflix hit series while they played the royal couple, making it even harder for the actress to watch her co-stars’ latest venture. In House of The Dragon, Matt now plays a far different royal as Prince Daemon Targaryen, who engages in an incestuous relationship with his niece.   The Game of Thrones sequel has proved just as raunchy and immoral as its predecessor, which many fans expected. Being a self-described Game of Thrones fan herself, Claire surprisingly struggled to watch the prequel simply due to Matt’s graphic scenes. Speaking on the Happy Sad Confused podcast with Josh Horowitz, Claire revealed it took “a huge amount of commitment” for her to watch the show. Despite her struggles, she has now watched all of the episodes as the show ramps up for its second season. READ MORE: Ashley Roberts, 41, boasts flawless figure in see-through dress as she flashes underboob  She also noted her drive to watch the show “waned towards the end” but declared “I was there for it”. Speaking about Matt’s character specifically, the actress said: “I was a very committed friend but I disagreed with him in many scenes.” Her apparent disagreement grew as the series progressed, to the point where she actually confronted her former co-star about it. Claire said: “I had to then tell him I found (some scenes) quite disgusting to watch.”     In spite of these uncomfortable moments, the actress still “loved it” and applauded its success adding: “What a triumph.” Matt and Claire first met after being cast as the romantic leads on The Crown, playing the young Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip. The pair starred alongside each other for two seasons before being replaced by Olivia Colman and Tobias Menzies. It wasn’t just Claire who was shocked at Matt’s graphic scenes in House of The Dragon, as many fans know the actor from the sci-fi series Doctor Who.  However, in the very first episode of the Game of Thrones prequel, fans immediately realised the actor would be portraying a vastly different character. The premiere episode saw Matt enjoying a raunchy tryst with a prostitute in a brothel, in a scene where he was completely naked. Speaking on the same podcast as Claire, just a few months earlier, Matt declared that a “great” piece of stand-alone drama would be a single episode with the entire Targaryen family “in group therapy”. Matt also revealed he is personally a fan of the more physical scenes in the show and dreaded filming the council scenes the most, saying they were “a pain in the a**.”  He also joked his “best stuff” comes out in scenes where he doesn’t have to talk. The actor admitted he was slightly fearful of being involved in the Game of Thrones prequel at the start. He shared: “You’re following in the footsteps of something gargantuan. It’s never going to be as good and create the same sort of cultural footprint as Game of Thrones did because it can’t.” However, the actor also noted it’s not uncommon for him to “labour” over whether to accept roles as he joked: “I labour over what socks I’m going to wear in the morning.”