Just under a third (31 percent) also still believe in “feeding a cold and starving a fever”. And 29 percent think going outside without a coat on will mean you catch a cold, while 28 percent believe the same of going to bed with wet hair. Seven in ten Brits agreed that trying to proactively prevent an illness is better than curing the symptoms. And popular measures to stay healthy include trying to sleep seven to eight hours a night (50 percent), and taking vitamin D (33 percent). However, only 16 percent practiced good nasal hygiene – one of the simplest and most effective ways to support their immunity against cold and flu, according to experts. Seven in ten said they did not know “good nasal hygiene” would help. But almost two-thirds (64 percent) confessed they take their clear and breezy airways for granted – until they are blocked up with a cold. Over a fifth (21 percent) said they didn’t know what nasal hygiene means, with 33 percent believing it was blowing their nose – while exactly one in 10 said it was picking their nose. Dr Zoe Williams, who has partnered with Stérimar, said: “Prevention is better than cure, so people should be looking to support good functioning of their immune system and be reminded of other measures, such as hand hygiene, to avoid getting poorly. “Some well-known ways to help maintain a healthy immune system include getting enough sleep, being physically active, staying hydrated, and having a healthy diet, which should include vitamin D. “But, there’s one remedy that is proven to work, that many Brits do not know about – practicing good nasal hygiene. “This is the practice of keeping nasal passages clean and clear with help from a non-medicated nasal spray. “The nose acts as a natural barrier against viruses, and keeping sinuses clean will ensure the nose is working properly, helping keep cold and flu symptoms at bay.” It also emerged some try various home remedies when they are ill, with 11 percent turning to cups of soup to “sweat out” their illness, while 22 percent have steamy baths, 19 percent have a “hot toddy”, and 18 percent choose to sleep sitting up. Other unconventional and bizarre home remedies people turn to include eating raw onions (seven percent), rubbing goose grease on their chests (five percent), wearing cold and wet socks to bed (six percent), and consuming oysters (five percent). Just under half (48 percent) of those opting for home remedies use those passed down from their parents or grandparents, whilst nearly a third (31 percent) received wisdom from a friend or relative. Dr Zoe Williams added: “Brits also swear by their favoured home remedies when struck down with a cold or flu, especially those that have been passed down through the generations or recommended by friends. “However, most don’t have any scientific backing – and what works for one person may not work for someone else.”