A youthful 72-year-old has developed a "mini fan club" on TikTok after her daughter began sharing videos detailing some of her advice for youthful-looking skin. Dr Mamina Turegano is a dermatologist who shares skincare videos with her TikTok audience of 922.6K followers on her page @dr.mamina. Although her tips are popular among viewers, after her youthful-looking mum made an appearance on her page, fans went wild to find out more about her skincare regime. In a video, Dr Mamina said: "Since my Japanese Mum has a mini fan club on TikTok right now let's talk about her daily skincare regime." Fans of the 72-year-old commented on the video, describing her as "beautiful" and commenting on how young she looks. "She's beautiful," said a TikTok user named Daisy. Another user named Jessica added: "She doesn't look a day over 50 at least! She is my new hero!" Dr Mamima's mum, Michiko, explained that she has a morning and evening routine she practises every day, as well as a special tool she uses throughout the course of the day. READ MORE: 'World's oldest makeup' look mature women should avoid - pictures Cold water and ice play a crucial role in her routine. "In the morning I wash with cold water," she said. Throughout the day, Michiko continues to apply cold temperatures to her face, using a large ice roller tool on her skin. This tool works in a similar way to a jade roller, but on a much larger scale. As well as treating her skin with ice and cold water, Michiko also has an array of favourite products she uses morning and night. After cleaning with cold water in the morning, she uses an antioxidant serum by the brand Skin Better Science. The serum contains Vitamin C and E + 17 additional antioxidant ingredients, and is described as capable of providing "a new level of comprehensive and dynamic defence against free radicals". Free radicals are responsible for breaking down our skin's collagen, resulting in unflattering skin blemishes like wrinkling, dark spots, fine lines and loose, saggy skin. While the Skin Better Science serum is available from some dermatologists in the UK, most require a consultation before purchase. DON'T MISSThree essential skincare products for your 30s so you glow in your 40s [INSIGHT]Anti ageing serum that firms up saggy skin & ‘decrease lines’ in 4wks [EXPLAINER]Mum people mistake for 14 shares six techniques to look younger [VIDEO] Next, Michiko uses the antioxidant Tensage Stem Cell Eye Cream from Biopelle. The product retails for $130 US (£107), however, if you can't get your hands on this high-end option, Beauty Pie's Super Eye Energy Peptide-Infusion Cream is a good alternative antioxidant eye cream which is available in the UK for £65. The 72-year-old adds a day cream to her routine, opting for the HydroPeptide Nimni Day Cream which retails for £90.25 from Cosmetify. However, as well as dedicated skin products, Michiko also turns to a classic skin saviour. Evidence shows that wearing sunscreen every day can also help to slow down the process of ageing substantially. A 2013 study by Australian researchers, published in the Annals of Internal Medicine, found that the use of regular sunscreen on a daily basis protected against warning, spotting and loss of elasticity caused directly by the sun’s ultraviolet radiation. In line with this, Michiko wears sunscreen with an SPF of 30 most days, and ups this to an SPF of 50 when she is going to be in the sun. Once nighttime arrives, the 72-year-old uses Neutrogena's Ultra Gentle Hydrating Daily Facial Cleanser, available for £27 from Amazon. She also tops up her routine with a retinol-infused product and "massages" the skin with a rosehip facial oil. Retinol, which is a formulation of vitamin A, is frequently recommended as an anti-ageing skincare option as it helps to increase skin cell production and has been found to reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, giving skin a fresh, plump appearance. Rosehip oil is also rich in vitamins and antioxidants, which can rejuvenate the skin and have even been found to restore elasticity, help to correct dark spots, and reduce the appearance of scars, according to experts from Healthline.