Stacey Solomon, 33, stunned fans last month when she announced that she and husband Joe Swash, 41, are expecting their third child together in a sweet Instagram post. The Loose Women panellist has been updating her fans ever since on how her pregnancy is going, with Stacey sharing an insight into her surprise baby shower on Instagram, admitting the idea of having her fifth celebration during pregnancy had previously made her "feel silly". Stacey took to Instagram to share snippets of her baby shower to her 5.5 million followers. Sharing a video of the lovely white rose backdrop her sister Jemma had installed at the shower, Stacey wrote: "So late Friday night my sister turned up with some of our closest friends and set up a little baby shower celebration in my kitchen. "I didn't think - 1 - we'd get time for a shower and - 2- I felt a bit silly for having a baby shower. "I don't know why I just felt like I'd had too many already or something." READ MORE: Stacey Solomon left tearful as she finally announces baby's gender Despite her previous concerns, the mum-of-four then shared a separate message thanking her family and friends and "all of you who are always there" for their "little (ridiculously big) family". Stacey looked lovely in an off-the-shoulder baby pink mini dress, highlighting her ever-growing bump. The room was decorated with an adorable teddy bear sitting in a basket attached to a group of balloons. Stacey cradled her bump in one shot, while in another, she held her 14-month-old daughter Rose on her hip. One photo showed Jemma and Stacey together, while other guests at the intimate party included Sophie Hinchcliffe, known as Mrs Hinch. Captioning the gorgeous shots in the Instagram post she wrote: "Baby Shower. In the kitchen. My sister surprised me and got our family and best friends into the kitchen yesterday to celebrate our newest baby girl… (can’t leave close proximity to the house now until the main event). "I honestly feel so grateful. I didn’t organise anything because at first I didn’t think we’d have time. "But also I felt like I maybe shouldn’t have one because I’ve been so lucky to have showered so many blessings already. Silly I know but hormones will do that to ya I suppose. DON'T MISS... Monty Don and wife Sarah’s financial struggles made him ‘loony’ [INSIGHT] Jennifer Lopez' ex Marc Anthony remarries as their children stay in LA [HOLLYWOOD] Dame Esther Rantzen shares she is battling lung cancer as it 'spreads' [HEALTH]  Stacey is expecting another baby girl after having her first daughter Rose 14 months ago. Joe and Stacey are parents to Rose and Rex, three, while she also shares son Leighton, 10, with her ex-partner Aaron Barham. Her eldest Zachary, 14, is from her relationship with ex Dean Cox, while Joe is also a father to son Harry, 15, whom he shares with ex-fiancée Emma Sophocleous. Stacey went on Lorraine earlier this month and expressed how "grateful" she and Joe are to be able to extend their brood. She said: "Nearly there now, very soon. It was a surprise but we're so grateful that we get the chance to do it again." When asked how she keeps her busy home life balanced, Stacey added: "We do our best, nothing I do is perfect and sorted. "I'm grateful just to be alive so I'm always really happy."