NFL legend Tom Brady has been warned his former rival Jimmy Garoppolo could snatch a move to the Las Vegas Raiders from under the nose of the seven-time Super Bowl champion. Brady is preparing to enter free agency for just the second time in his illustrious career with his Tampa Bay Buccaneers contract set to expire after the season. On Sunday, the Buccaneers secured their second successive NFC South division title as they came from behind to defeat the Carolina Panthers 30-24 at Raymond James Stadium. Brady threw for 432 yards and three touchdowns - all deep balls to star receiver Mike Evans - without producing a turnover while he also pulled off a quarterback sneak to score and book his ticket to the playoffs. Against Carolina, Brady rolled back the years to produce a classic fourth-quarter comeback and secure his 14th straight playoff appearance, as well as the 19th divisional title of his illustrious career. The 45-year-old has missed the postseason just once in his 21-year career as a starting quarterback. His 8-8 Buccaneers are preparing for a postseason run, but questions linger over Brady’s foreseeable future. According to sports personality Colin Cowherd, the iconic quarterback will once again shun retirement to play for a new team - the Raiders. READ MORE: Damar Hamlin 'can communicate' with doctors in huge boost for NFL ace “Raiders want Brady,” Cowherd said on his FOX Sports show, ‘The Herd’. “From the Las Vegas Review-Journal, owner Mark Davis, the reason they sat and benched Derek Carr is they wanted to keep him healthy so they wouldn’t have to pay him, it was a health issue. “Nothing personal, but Mark Davis the owner wants a new quarterback. They have Maxx Crosby in his prime, Davante Adams, Darren Waller, Josh Jacobs - they want to get the most out of those star players. If the Raiders can’t trade Derek Carr, according to the Las Vegas Review-Journal, they are willing to cut him, move on, and incur a very small $5.5 million cap hit. “It does say Jimmy Garoppolo would also be someone they’d be interested in. They don’t have to make some deal for Brady, he’s a free agent, they don’t have to surrenders picks, and they’d probably get a pick for Derrek Carr. “It is not a ‘perfect’ fit if Tom Brady went there. He’s comfortable with Josh McDaniels and Brady likes comfort, but he’s never proven to be a successful head coach, and their secondary is a mess - their first pick should be a corner, and their second pick should be a safety. The o-line is fine, not great, but it’s top 12-13 in the league. The Raiders have holes, but they check the right boxes. Left tackle—Kolton Miller is a good starter, star receiver, star edge rusher, offensive head coach… So the boxes check. They have to go out and get a good corner.” DON'T MISSNFL star Damar Hamlin is 'awake' after cardiac arrest horrorDoctor explains Damar Hamlin health condition after cardiac arrestDamar Hamlin 'had to be resuscitated twice' but NFL star improving Cowherd added: “Raiders check all the key boxes but they’ve got some holes on the roster. I believe the Raiders will also get a second or third round pick for Derek Carr. You don’t think Derek Carr would net a second round pick to stabilise the Jets?” Derek Carr’s impending exit is set to spark a quarterback carousel around the NFL, and Brady will undoubtedly be a part of that one way or another. His links to the Raiders are not unfounded, either; his long-time offensive coordinator with the New England Patriots, Josh McDaniels, is the head coach in Las Vegas. The Raiders could be an attractive proposition for Brady, given the exciting market and potential talent on the roster. He will want to contend for more Super Bowl rings as his career draws to a close, and a stacked roster - if it keeps healthy - will be tough to turn down.