A sobbing brother of an industrial site worker described how he accidentally ran over his brother and murdered him, an inquest has heard. David Potter, 57, was showing his brother Mark Potter a lorry for sale at Harris Commercial Repairs Ltd in Basildon, Essex, that he was interested in purchasing. Mark, who was 55 at the time, recalled waiting in the lorry for 10 minutes after consenting to do a test drive. The tragic incident then happened within seconds of Mark trying out the car. After waiting, Mark decided to start the engine and drive away, not realising David was in front of the lorry on October 4, 2019. Mark, who is now 58 years old, described to the coroner how the heavy goods vehicle (HGV) lurched forward before he heard David "shouting". David was declared dead at the scene. He was a "much-loved" father and stepfather, according to his relatives. Mark, from Higham in Kent, said in a tearful statement: "I saw him in the mirror at the back of the vehicle." Mark continued: "I lost sight of him then, I couldn't see him in either of my mirrors. I sat there for some time, I don't know how long it was and I thought 'just go on your own'. "At that point, I moved the vehicle forward." As soon as he realised what he had done, he rushed to grab his phone and dialled 911. Shortly after 1pm, three ambulances arrived at the location with an air ambulance. David and Mark hadn't seen each other in a while, so Mark claimed he was "excited" to meet him when he arrived at the location. After exchanging a "hug and kisses," David started introducing Mark to the lorry in question. Having a 1 HGV licence, Mark told the jury that he checked every mirror and windscreen before driving away, which "looked fine" to him. READ MORE: Urgent safety warning issued to cyclists amid UK's pothole crisis When David last saw his brother, he was fitting trade licence plates at the back of the vehicle. He said he was barely moving the automatic vehicle at half a mile per hour when he heard shouting and turned off the engine. He added: "I couldn't see him, I didn't know what it was. The last place I saw him was at the back, I went around to the back and he wasn't there. I went all the way around to the front and I saw his glasses and phone at the front. "He was at the front of it." David's coworker then hurriedly exited one of the buildings as a female voice yelled, "Call an ambulance!" Another coworker, Graham Walsh, discovered David under the truck. He assisted in lifting the lorry off David using a forklift truck so the paramedics could treat him. Kelly Spratt, Mark's partner who had come with him for the visit was waiting in their car when she noticed Mark run past reception and hear him say: "My brother's under the lorry." DON'T MISS:Freddie Flintoff could quit Top Gear after filming accident [REPORT]Michael Schumacher's friend tried to sell pics of ill F1 icon [REPORT]Moment terrified 13-year-old girl plunges 20 feet from a zip wire [REPORT] The family released an emotional tribute to David. In a statement, they wrote: "David was loved by everyone he met. He had a big, loving heart and always put a smile on your face. "He was the kind of person who would always put others first. The most warm and loving person you would ever meet, who lived life to the fullest with the people who meant most to him. "The best dad, husband, brother, stepdad and grandad who loved his family more than anything." READ NEXT:Man drowns in Australia trying to save daughterZelensky rages fatal helicopter crash in Ukraine 'not an accident' Jeremy Renner’s face edited from Mayor of Kingstown ad after accidentBBC's This Farming Life star killed by cow in horror accidentFreddie Mercury – Bohemian Rhapsody's music video was a happy accident