  Eamonn Holmes resumed his position as GB News Breakfast host on Monday as he joined co-presenter Isabel Webster in dissecting the morning’s headlines. The presenters reflected on the day’s newspapers with Kriss Akabusi and columnist Dawn Neesom with Eamonn sharing an insight into his health battle during the discussion.      One topic up for debate was the rising cost of energy bills and how taking showers instead of baths can help reduce monthly expenditure. Introducing a report, Eamonn said: “Households will pay £10 a week extra on energy bills by taking a bath.” Dawn explained: “This is coming from Yorkshire Water, the total cost in 2023 for three dips every seven days will be £1,023 - double what we paid last year.” Eamonn revealed his health battle with chronic pain prevents him from taking baths. Read more: Eamonn Holmes admits 'back issues not solved' as he returns to GB News    He said: “My lack of mobility means I can’t climb in or get out of a bath so I really miss having a bath.” Kriss, who had revealed he wasn’t a fan of baths, asked: “So you’ve recently stopped having a bath because of your mobility issues?” Eamonn admitted it had been in fact “30 years” since he’d had a bath. Isabel interjected: “When I worked as a nurse in hospitals I used to bath people on the ward.”      “I’m surprised you weren’t bathed on the ward,” Isabel said to Eamonn. The presenter joked that Isabel was suggesting she could bath him. Eamonn continued: “When we moved house about eight years ago there was a bath there and I did try and get into it. “It’s a funny old thing I don’t know if you find this…you sit in some baths and you slip down.” DON'T MISSWilliam's 'stock has risen' for 'smacking' Harry fumes Eamonn Holmes [VIDEO]Eamonn Holmes admits 'I'm not better' in update ahead of TV return [INTERVIEW]Eamonn Holmes confirms return to GB News after 'hellish' operation [INSIGHT]      Eamonn had been missing from GB News for four months before his return on Monday. The presenter underwent a back operation to try and ease his chronic pain symptoms. On his return, Eamonn admitted he was “not better” but still in the middle of the recovery process. “I’ve had some issues with my back and legs [that are] not solved,” he explained.      “[I’m] better than I was but I’m not better but I think being back to work will help speed up that process.” “Speed up the recovery process,” Isabel suggested. On New Year’s Eve, Eamonn revealed he had visited the GB News studio to make sure it could “handle [his] mobility issues”. He confirmed his return on Sunday and will be presenting the breakfast show with Isabel for the foreseeable future.    