 The state pension is regularly described as "unaffordable", as the nation gets older and the cost-of-living crisis makes us all poorer. So far the government has responded by hiking the state pension age for everyone. Latest reports suggest it could be increased to 68 from as soon as 2033, and carry on climbing after that. Another option is also winning support. A growing number want the state pension to be means tested, so the better off get less and in some cases nothing at all. Benefits such as free bus passes could be axed too. In some cases, it's the wealthy who are calling for cuts. Yesterday, left-wing Guardian columnist Polly Toynbee broke cover by nobly declaring that she would gladly pay more tax and receive fewer elderly benefits, with the savings diverted to poorer pensioners. She wrote: “Past pension age myself, yet in well-paid work that enhances my life, I am astonished by the un-needed benefits lavished on me.” This included her Freedom Pass, which provides free travel to London residents from age 66, worth thousands a year in free transport. Toynbee added: “Why am I entitled to a pension before I need it, or free prescriptions and eye tests? Above all, why don’t I pay National Insurance?” Expect to hear more of this.   Five years ago, the OECD, an organisation of 35 wealthy nations including the UK, suggested scrapping the state pension for the richest to increase payouts for poor retirees. Last November, an influential Tory MP jumped on the bandwagon. Calls to means test the state pension will multiply as the nation ages and costs grow. Toynbee reckons it's only right for pensioners to pay more. “We own the most property, and we should pay taxes on it.” The money would help solve the “social care catastrophe”, she said, and would target the triple lock which has increased “the pensions of people such as me with a 10 percent raise denied to public servants”. It's heartening to see someone offering up their own income and wealth as a solution to the state pension and social care funding crisis. And why should, say, a judge, banker or senior civil servant on a £100,000 a year pension get a full state pension? Millionaires cannot claim income support, but they can get the full state pension. So is Toynbee right? READ MORE: State pension triple lock hike to smash inflation as prices fall   How much state pension you get is based on NI contributions over your working lifetime. Means testing would break that link, so that some who paid in for longer will get less, which may seem unfair. It would also punish people for working and saving hard in a pension and Isa. Workers who built modest sums might wish they hadn't bothered. They will be no better off if they lose state pension as a result. This would end up increasing the burden on the state, rather than reducing it. It would also undermine the auto-enrolment pension scheme, the only British pension success story of the past three decades. Means testing would also be insanely complicated, and expensive to administer. It would require an army of snoopers to check whether people were deliberately running down their savings. Pensioner incomes are already taxed, which means the better off pay more. Toynbee’s virtue proposal could prove too tricky in practice. It's been ruled out before. That doesn't mean it won't happen though.  