Manchester United have handed Erik ten Hag a pair of new arrivals to reinforce his squad ahead of the second half of the season. But with limited resources ahead of the most important transfer of them all, the Glazers' sale of the club, Ten Hag still has time to mould his squad to his liking in January. The United boss would undoubtedly like to bolster his ranks before the winter deadline, with most areas likely to be addressed in the coming years. But a potential takeover at Old Trafford in the first quarter of 2023 has made the club's Glazer owners reluctant to invest in the squad further. Ten Hag has had to settle for the arrivals of Crystal Palace goalkeeper Jack Butland and Burnley striker Wout Weghorst on a short loan until the end of the season. But he could welcome another new face to his squad before the clock strikes 11pm on Tuesday if reports are to be believed. There is expected to be more activity around outgoings, including a handful of loan moves from both the first team and youth level. Express Sport takes a look at what business United could complete in the next five days, with one incoming and two outgoings potentially on Ten Hag's agenda. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE United have sealed two loan deals this month, but there could be time for one more as Ten Hag hunts for more attacking firepower. The Mail report that despite signing Weghorst, United are hoping to recruit another forward on loan before the deadline. It's claimed the Red Devils maintain their stance of no more business but are privately eyeing a third deal if it's a loan with a small fee. Ten Hag could be looking to sign another striker to counter Anthony Martial's continued injury woes, with United still competing in all four competitions. Or he could aim to bring in another wing, potentially to compete with Antony on the right, to facilitate the exits of two of his current stars... DON'T MISS: Man Utd's Marcus Rashford 'fear' as Erik ten Hag sends Glazers message  If United can bring another short-term forward in, it would open the door for Anthony Elanga and Facundo Pellistri - valued at a combined £24m on Transfermarkt - to secure long-linked loan moves. Elanga is open to a move to Borussia Dortmund but is still awaiting the green light from Ten Hag. Likewise, Pellistri is the subject of serious interest from Valencia, but the Dutchman wants to keep him amid limited options with current injuries and absences. But Amad's success at Sunderland serves as proof that the right loan move can rocket launch a young career. So if United can get Jadon Sancho back into the frame and secure a third loan signing, it would open the door for Elanga and Pellistri to gain valuable experience playing regularly elsewhere. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here