For more than 40 years, Paul Gross has become a household name after appearing on screens in thousands of homes across Michigan. On Friday, it was announced the weather expert had officially retired. Paul first began his role at WDIV in 1983 as a student enrolled at the University of Michigan. As a youngster, he was thrilled to land his dream job at the same network he grew up watching. Paul quickly became a familiar face on screens and a favourite among Detroit residents as he informed viewers about the climate. His departure was announced by WDIV’s vice president and General Manager Bob Ellis, who admitted: “We hoped he’d stay forever.” READ MORE: BBC viewers slam Naga Munchetty for 'car crash' Ed Milliband grilling  Taking to ClickOnDetroit with a statement, Bob shared: “When Paul informed us he was retiring I tried to talk him out of it. “We hoped he’d stay forever. But it became clear quickly 40 years was a nice round number, and the time was right to relax more, spend more time up north and play more golf." He added: “I join every viewer of Local 4 News and reader of ClickOnDetroit in thanking him for his contributions to keeping people informed and safe in SE Michigan.”   Throughout his time as a meteorologist, Paul attained a number of achievements which included helping to change legislation. This took place in 1998 when legislation was introduced in the Michigan House requiring all public schools to conduct two safety drills per school year. Paul testified in front of the State House and Senate Education Committees. He was with Governor John Engler when he signed the Gross Weather Bill into law and as a result, every public school in Michigan is now legally required to conduct these tornado drills. DON'T MISS...Jack Deam has stepped down from Father Brown as Inspector Mallory [INSIGHT]Lighthouse in Michigan turned into giant ice sculpture by winter storm [INSIGHT]Alligator pack found by Detroit police who evicted tenant [INSIGHT]    His passion for the climate saw him undergo a three-year-long weather research for his documentary based on the weather’s impact on the historic Second World War D-Day. Paul was also cited as a leading source of factual communication on climate change by the American Meteorological Society. He received astounding praise for his work in 1996 when he was honoured for his television weather presentation at an international broadcast meteorology event in Paris. WDIV also honoured Paul’s contribution as he became the first-ever Meteorologist Emeritus in station history.   Bob shared: “This is the first time at WDIV anyone has been given this title. “It means he’ll be a part of our team forever, and it also recognizes his contributions over the years to warn viewers of potential severe weather and making sure they were always prepared to stay safe.” Although it's yet to be revealed how Paul will spend his retirement, his exit will undoubtedly be an emotional departure for viewers across Detriot.