The TV mainstay is perhaps best known for her long-running role as Alex Rousseau on the hit mystery series Lost from 2006-2010. Just before she joined the cast of one of the most iconic shows of all time, Tania Raymonde appeared in a 2005 episode of NCIS as Anna Real. Nearly two decades later, the actress is making her return to the CBS drama to cause trouble for the new team. Raymonde will be portraying a famous actress who follows the agents around during an upcoming investigation. While researching the NCIS for her next role, she could be more trouble than she’s worth as she tags along for a gruesome murder case. She’ll be appearing in just over a week’s time for an episode titled Evil Eye. An official synopsis reads: “In preparation for a role, a world-renowned actress shadows the NCIS team as they investigate a decapitation case.” READ MORE: Coronation Street legend confirms break from ITV soap The TV regular is expected to portray a completely different character to the one she portrayed on NCIS back in 2005. Moreover, the makeup of the current NCIS team is also wildly different compared to where the series originally started. A behind-the-scenes snap has revealed Ramonde’s character alongside both Nicolas Torres (played by Wilmer Valderrama) and Jessica Knight (Katrina Law). Neither agents were part of the team when NCIS first began, although Tim McGee (Sean Murray) could be a familiar face. The series was previously led by Leroy Gibbs (Mark Harmon), who departed after 19 seasons to be replaced by the FBI’s Alden Parker (Gary Cole). Raymonde’s guest character will certainly need to keep on her toes if she’s to keep up with the skilled and hot-headed new team. However, will she be able to handle being in the same room as some of the most gruesome cadavers the agents have come across? A brush with fame will also provide plenty of fun for the NCIS task force, so fans shouldn’t expect this instalment to be all dark. DON'T MISS:Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row [LATEST]The Blacklist’s Megan Boone returns to Instagram with ‘exciting news' [INSIGHT]Lockwood & Co almost used Kanye track for opening titles [EXCLUSIVE] Even so, the series isn’t averse to putting its guest stars in grave danger, and Raymonde may have just been confirmed to appear in one episode for a reason. Unfortunately, more details about the episode are few and far between, and the actress hasn’t given away any clues on her social media page. Most recently, Raymonde has been promoting her upcoming sci-fi thriller Futra Days, which co-stars Emmy-winning actress Rosanna Arquette and 1923 breakout Brandon Sklenar. She has also appeared across a range of popular US dramas, including Chicago Fire, CSI and Goliath. Raymonde also guest starred in the hit sitcom The Big Bang Theory, and has just appeared in SWAT this month for the season six episode Witness. Meanwhile, the NCIS franchise as a whole could be in jeopardy following the surprising cancellation of NCIS: Los Angeles after its 14th season. The mainline show and NCIS: Hawaii are still going strong, but their future is up in the air as neither series has been renewed or cancelled beyond their current seasons just yet. NCIS season 20 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA and Wednesdays on Disney+ in the UK.