Learning how to drive might be a stressful time for many. From developing a brand new skill to various theory questions and the practical test, it's a lot to take on board in a relatively short amount time. With that in mind, Express.co.uk exclusively spoke to Tom Hixon, head of instructor support at Bill Plant Driving School, who offered some advice. Mr Hixon said: "Starting driving lessons is an exciting time and getting off on the right foot can put you in good stead for passing your test. "Firstly, I would advise starting lessons with a professional driving instructor. "Yes, learning with a family member or friend can be a cheaper alternative, but driving instructors are qualified to help get you through your lessons and fully prepared for your test." READ MORE: Electric car drivers warned of possible range issues in cold weather Mr Hixon stressed that driving instructors will also be up-to-date on any law changes or changes to test structures. The expert added: "It is also important to keep practising manoeuvres and driving theory during the lead-up to your test. "It’s best to go into your driving test with complete confidence in your abilities. "It is also beneficial to practise test routes so you can know what to expect before taking your test." DON'T MISS Simple gear-changing technique may help drivers slash fuel consumption [INSIGHT] Drivers should 'park facing the sun' to save petrol and diesel [REVEAL] Common car feature destroys fuel economy and may lead to 'problems' [WARNING] Mr Hixon also urged learners to get a good night's sleep and eat well before their test to decrease stress levels and optimise focus. On top of that, Mr Hixon also advised drivers on whether it's better to learn on a manual or an automatic vehicle. He said: "Learning to drive a manual car can be a practical choice with many benefits. "Firstly, you have more control over a manual vehicle as you are able to choose which gear you are driving in. This can help in different weather conditions if you need more grip on the road. READ MORE: Caravan and motorhome drivers warned of daily Clean Air Zone charges   "However, it could be argued that this is more dangerous than driving an automatic as you have to take your hand off the wheel to change gears. "Manual cars can also get up to speed faster than automatic cars as the manual gearbox can help you accelerate at a faster pace." Mr Hixon added: "Despite the benefits of manual vehicles, it can be argued that learning to drive an automatic vehicle is easier - you don’t need to master the gear changes and it’s also a lot harder to stall an automatic vehicle, making manoeuvres such as hill starts a lot easier. "However, it should be noted that if you pass your test in an automatic vehicle, you are only licensed to drive automatic cars, whereas if you pass in a manual, you can drive either manual or automatic vehicles with your driving licence.  "Therefore you should consider the future implications of only being able to drive an automatic vehicle. "However, with the growing popularity of EVs, it could be assumed that the future of driving is moving towards automatic vehicles, with the move away from fuel-powered vehicles being encouraged by the UK Government. "The conflict we, unfortunately, see here is that the young driver used-car market is currently dominated by manual vehicles, especially with the high prices of EVs, therefore you have to consider the financial practicality of purchasing an EV or automatic car as a first car." 