Manchester City star Bernardo Silva insists Cristiano Ronaldo’s axing at the World Cup didn’t come as a surprise. The blockbuster forward started all three of his country’s group-stage matches in Qatar but then had to settle for a place on the bench for the rest of the tournament as Portugal crashed out in the quarter-finals after losing to Morocco. Ronaldo is the highest scorer in international football, having bagged an incredible 118 goals in 196 appearances for Portugal. And he became the first player to score in five World Cups when he found the back of the net in his country’s opening victory against Ghana. The former Manchester United striker helped Portugal secure a showdown with Switzerland in the last 16 after finishing top of their group. But he was surprisingly omitted from the starting line-up as his team ran out 6-1 winners. “We only found out about the team in the locker room when we arrived at the stadium two hours before the game,” Silva said. “There are 26 players, too many for the coach to choose for each specific game. It never shocks me that he decides to go with one or the other. Right or wrong in the opinion of each one, the coach has the right to make the decisions he make.” READ MORE: Enzo Fernandez to Chelsea 'really advanced' with Blues on cusp of deal    Fernando Santos, who oversaw Portugal at a fourth major tournament before bringing his eight-year reign to an end, selected Benfica striker Goncalo Ramos ahead of Ronaldo for the clash with Switzerland. And his decision was vindicated as the talented ace scored a hat-trick. Santos then kept faith with Ramos in the quarter-finals, with Portugal heavy favourites to set up a semi-final showdown with France. But Morocco stunned the European side with a 1-0 win. DON'T MISS...Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd plot Raphinha move, Chelsea medical todayBest XI of players Man Utd and co can sign on pre-contract agreementsFive players Chelsea could snap up for bargain fees in January   Ronaldo has enjoyed one of the most successful careers in football ever, having won five Champions Leagues, four Club World Cups, three Premier Leagues, two La Ligas and two Serie A titles. He also lifted the Euro 2016 trophy with Portugal and has been recognised for his endeavours by winning five Ballon d’Ors. The 37-year-old, who has made the joint highest international appearances of all-time, is now set to play his club football in Saudi Arabia after signing a two-and-a-half-year contract with Al-Nassr following his Red Devils exit. The deal is said to be worth a staggering £173million a year. But, according to reports, the ace has a clause in his contract that would allow him to play for Newcastle should they qualify for next season’s Champions League. 