Democrat Adam Schiff insisted the files found at Joe Biden's office in Washington and his home in Delaware be assessed for potential national security breaches. The US President has come under increasing pressure since White House lawyer Richard Sauber confirmed another five pages of classified documents were found in his private residence on Saturday. Schiff argued the files found in Biden's possessions should be subject to the same level of scrutiny as the bundle of more than 300 documents recovered from former President Donald Trump since January 2021. Political commentator Dinesh D'Souza suggested having such a prominent member of the party demand full transparency from the White House suggested that the "Democrats are turning on Biden". Schiff, who led Trump's first impeachment, had previously suggested classified docs found at the Mar-a-Lago resort could threaten US national security. Asked whether the Biden classified documents could jeopardise security, Schiff said: "I don't think we can exclude the possibility without knowing more of the facts. "We have asked for an assessment in the intelligence community of the Mar-a-Lago documents. "I think we ought to get that same assessment of the documents found in the Penn Biden Center as well as the home of President Biden." JUST IN: One dead and four injured after gunmen open fire outside US nightclub President Biden kept an office at the Washington DC center from 2017, when his term as Vice President came to an end, to shortly before he was sworn in to the White House in January 2021. The President's lawyers reported to the White House in November that files marked classified had been recovered from his office but the announcement of the discovery only came last week. Another batch of documents was then found in December at Biden's private home in Delaware. Most of the documents are believed to have originated during his tenure under Barack Obama. Schiff told ABC's This Week: "I’d like to know what these documents were. READ MORE: 'Concerted effort!' Ex-Trump aides hatch plan to stop 45th POTUS' White House return  "I’d like to know what the special counsel’s assessment is, whether there was any risk of exposure and what the harm would be and whether any mitigation needs to be done. "I think that would be appropriate and consistent with what we requested in the case of Mar-a-Lago." Democrats have grown frustrated with the White House's handling of the classified documents' discovery, with aides demanding Biden apologise and face up to the mistake. A Biden official told ABC News: "I think it was a misstep. If you’re going to be transparent, you have to be forthcoming with what you know and when you know it. DON'T MISS:Ron DeSantis Presidency would prioritise ‘EU over UK [SPOTLIGHT]Republicans ready for 'war' as Biden in ‘ugly’ situation [INSIGHT]Ron DeSantis unveils manifesto with all eyes on 2024 bid [REVEALED]  "When you start trickling out information that you knew already, it starts to raise more flags. People start wondering, ‘When is the next shoe going to drop?’” Lanny Davis, a lawyer in the Clinton Administration, said: "He’s got to say, ‘I messed up, I apologise'. "With the wisdom of hindsight, it’s not too late for President Biden to own up to mishandling this. Own it!” And former presenter Lou Dobbs suggested Schiff openly calling into question Biden's handling of the files could be seen as an attempt to oust him ahead of the presidential elections in 2024. Dobbs wrote on Twitter: "Prepare yourself: The Marxist Dems' Politburo has obviously decided to end the regime of the puppet Biden." 