Jessie J, 34, has taken to Instagram to announce that she is expecting a baby with a video of her growing baby bump that documented the different stages of her pregnancy. The Price Tag singer announced that she had suffered a miscarriage in November 2021, with the star keeping the previous pregnancy news private in its early stages. Jessie shared the heartwarming Instagram reel in view of her 12.3 million followers, announcing her surprise pregnancy. Captioning her post, Jessie penned: "I am so happy and terrified to finally share this… "Please be gentle with me. Honestly ya girl just wants to ugly cry in public in a catsuit eating a chocolate-covered pickle with no questions asked." (sic) The heartfelt clip was set to her own single Sunflower and featured her holding up her pregnancy test to start. READ MORE: Andrew Neil aims dig at 'nightmare' Prince Harry after Taliban claims The video documented Jessie at different stages of her pregnancy, with the excited mother-to-be tenderly cradling her growing bump. Many friends and fans alike rushed to the post's comments to share their excitement over the happy news. Stacey Solomon wrote: "Oh Jessie, I'm so happy for you, Love you." Loose Women's Brenda Edwards added: "So over the moon about this news can’t wait to meet little bubba love you." Kelly Rowland commented: "AHHHHHH SCREAMING! Congratulations to you!!" (sic) This comes over a year after Jessie announced the heartbreaking news that she had suffered a miscarriage in November 2021. It was the first time the public had heard of Jessie’s pregnancy as she had chosen to keep the news private in its early stages. In the lengthy Instagram post, Jessie bravely explained how she's been nervous about keeping her pregnancy secret during a Los Angeles concert. DON'T MISS... Jamie Lee Curtis in her bustiest display yet in black cut-out dress [HOLLYWOOD] Shania Twain looks ageless in bright pink wig in New York [PICS] Brendan Fraser to boycott Golden Globes despite nomination [INSIGHT] However, tragically just hours later the doctors were unable to find her baby's heartbeat. The singer wrote: "I decided to have a baby on my own. Because it’s all I’ve ever wanted and life is short. Getting pregnant was a miracle in itself and an experience I will never forget and I know I will have it again. "I'm still in shock, the sadness is overwhelming. But I know I am strong, and I know I will be ok. I also know millions of women all over the world have felt this pain and way worse. I feel connected to those of you I know and those of you I don’t. "It’s the loneliest feeling in the world. So I will see you tonight in LA. I may crack fewer jokes but my heart will be in the room." Jessie opened up about the traumatic experience to Steven Barlett on his podcast, The Diary of A CEO. She was previously told that she wouldn’t be able to conceive a baby before she fell pregnant, saying the "worst moment" of the experience was realising that "being a mother and having a child has been the biggest excitement of my life." She continued: "I felt like I’d been given everything I’d ever wanted and then someone had gone, 'But you can't have it'. "But it was still there, and I would sing to it every night, and when I got home and I lay there, I’ve never felt so lonely in my life." Jessie did not reveal the identity of the baby’s father but she has since found happiness with basketball player Chanan Colman, who she was named to be dating last year.