Also known as colon cancer, bowel cancer is the second most deadly form of the disease in the UK, accounting for more than 16,500 deaths each year. It is also the fourth most common cancer in the region, with more than 40,000 diagnoses annually. As with any medical issue, the sooner you spot the signs of bowel cancer the sooner you can seek help. The disease starts in the large bowel (colon) and the back passage (rectum). Well-known signs of early stage bowel cancer are often associated with going to the toilet, including bleeding from the rectum and finding blood in your poo, however, not everyone experiences this. For example, one 64-year-old patient suffered with more generalised cancer symptoms prior to her diagnosis in 2009. A case study, published by NHS Forth Valley, shared the story of Geraldine Howie from Thornhill in Scotland. READ MORE: Covid Kraken symptoms to watch out for as the variant becomes the 'most transmissible' yet  It detailed how she sought medical attention due to weeks of feeling tired and unwell. Initially it was believed she could have anaemia due to these symptoms but further tests showed she had bowel cancer. Speaking in the case study, Geraldine said: “You just don’t think these things will happen to you. I just thought I was a bit run down.” Geraldine was admitted to Stirling Royal Infirmary, and the next day she underwent surgery to remove around six inches of tissue from her bowel.  “My consultant surgeon Derek Scrimgeour was very good and gently explained what would happen during my procedure,” she said. “Luckily I didn’t need chemotherapy or radiotherapy, and my op went so well I didn’t need to have a stoma bag fitted either, which had been one of my concerns.” Less than a week later she was well enough to be discharged and went to stay with her son Gavin and his two children. She said: “I live alone and consider myself to be very independent, so relying on people was quite difficult.”  READ MORE: Joints that are 'hot' and 'tender to touch' are an early sign of arthritis - expert Two years later doctors confirmed she was well enough to not need regular check-ups anymore. “I feel very lucky I didn’t require any further treatment and I’m not on any medication whatsoever,” Geraldine said. “I feel like I’m a wee miracle and I’m very grateful to be here.” Now she is encouraging others to use bowel screening kits. Currently these are available through the NHS to everyone aged 60 to 74 years, but in 2021 a four-year roll out process began for kits to be offered to people in their 50s.  Geraldine added: “Do it. I always return the kit and would advise anyone to do the same – it could save your life. “All you do is swab a piece of card with a small stool sample and send it back – that’s how simple it is. “I know that being diagnosed with cancer isn’t necessarily a death sentence these days – the treatments are amazing – but they are only effective if you get diagnosed as early on as possible and screening increases those chances.” Other symptoms of bowel cancer include: If you think you have any of the symptoms of bowel cancer, contact your GP. 