Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has raised two complaints after his side's 2-1 FA Cup defeat to Brighton on Sunday afternoon. The Reds, the holders of the trophy, had gone into the game hoping to make the fifth round of the competition. But they were undone by a stoppage-time goal that denied them an Anfield replay. Liverpool entered the game hoping to avoid a repeat of what happened in their 3-0 defeat to Brighton 15 days ago. However, they suffered another disappointing loss to their season plunge to another low. Brighton went ahead in the 39th minute through Lewis Dunk, with the Seagulls skipper sparking wild celebrations around the Amex. Liverpool then levelled through Harvey Elliot, with the youngster one of the Reds’ best performers on the day. But Brighton consigned their opponents to yet another defeat with a late winner through Kaoru Mitoma, who struck in the 92nd minute of the game. Klopp spoke to ITV following the showdown to raise two problems with his team's loss. And he complained about his team conceding twice from set-pieces, while also bemoaning the lack of support Trent Alexander-Arnold received. "We came here after a game a few weeks ago when we weren't even close to ourselves,” he said. "Today we played a better game but we concede two goals from set-pieces and that is not allowed in any way. "On the left side Robbo was OK because we helped him but on the other side Trent didn't get the support. "Mitoma is really good so, of course, it was tough. We could have defended both goals better. The first is deflected but we can probably block the shot. "It doesn't feel great. In time we might see the positives but we wanted to get the next round. Congratulations to Brighton." Liverpool star Andy Robertson, meanwhile, had some harsh words for the rest of the squad following their poor showing at the Amex. "Bitterly disappointing. I thought it was a good cup tie, end to end and both had chances,” he said. "We were more competitive than two weeks ago but that didn't take much. We created chances and were more compact but at the end of the day we are out of the cup. "At a club like Liverpool, fans expect a lot and to lose with the last kick of the ball it's disappointing. We need to start winning games. It's easy to say but harder to fix. "This season has been nowhere near good enough. At the start of the year, we wanted a fresh start but that hasn't happened. We've been worse. "In the league, we haven't been good enough and now we're out of both cups now. You can't put your finger on one thing, it's more than that. You can tell we're not as confident in front of goal and in defence we are a wee bit open. We had two clean sheets coming into today but then go and concede two goals. "We need to get the confidence back, it's easier said than done, and that's how we will get results." And he was full of praise for Mitoma following his late heroics, saying: "It's nice to have him in our side, I'm glad I'm not chasing him. "He's a top player and he's come out of nowhere. We are lucky to have him in our team and hopefully we can keep him. We'll take it game by game." And on the contest overall, he added: "Sometimes you have to win a game like that. We weren't great today but managed to grind it out against a top side. "They are top players and top strikers, especially after the win 15 days ago when we were very good and beat them. We knew they wanted to come back but we dug in. "We feel like we can beat anyone on our best days and we showed here we can do it on our not so good days. We just need to keep pushing on."