The Royal Family aide who quit after a recent race row erupted will be invited to King Charles' coronation ceremony in May. It is understood Lady Susan Hussey will attend just weeks after she walked away from her role following her comments to charity boss Ngozi Fulani. During a reception last month, the 83-year-old and godmother to Prince William repeatedly asked Ms Fulani, founder of domestic abuse charity Sista Space, where she was "really from". The fall out from this saw Prince William’s spokesman issue a statement saying that racism "has no place in our society". But Lady Susan now set to be invited to see King Charles III crowned following a meeting with Ms Fulani at Buckingham Palace and offering "sincere apologies". A source told The Mirror: "Lady Susan received private support from friends during the aftermath of what happened. "Some politely canvassed the suggestion Lady Susan should be made welcome at the coronation. "It was pointed out the many years of service and duty she gave the Queen, to whom she was a loyal confidente. "With relations now smoothed over between Buckingham Palace and Ms Fulani, the King is now able to extend an invitation to Lady Susan." Ms Fulani described how Lady Susan moved her hair so she could see her name badge, before repeatedly asking her to explain where she was from. Lady Susan asked hat part of Africa Ms Fulani was from - despite the charity boss already explaining she had been born in the UK and worked in London. READ MORE: Prince Louis almost missed out royal title but late Queen stepped in But earlier this month, the pair met and a joint statement issued after that said it has been "filled with warmth and understanding." Lady Susan also "pledged to deepen her awareness of the sensitivities involved" and the Royal Households will "focus on inclusion and diversity." In October, Buckingham Palace announced King Charles' coronation ceremony will take place on May 6, 2023, which will see him crowned alongside the Queen Consort. Around 2,000 people are expected to attend the two-hour Westminster ceremony, and it will be one of the most watched TV events around the world of the year. DON'T MISSPrincess Anne's hairdresser honoured by King for her 'retro bouffant' [REPORT]King Charles 'under pressure' to make key decisions in 2023 [COMMENTS]Archie and Lilibet titles hang in balance as Charles delays decision [LATEST]  The palace said in a statement: "Buckingham Palace is pleased to announce that the Coronation of His Majesty The King will take place on Saturday 6th May, 2023. "The Coronation Ceremony will take place at Westminster Abbey, London, and will be conducted by the Archbishop of Canterbury. "The Ceremony will see His Majesty King Charles III crowned alongside The Queen Consort. "The Coronation will reflect the monarch’s role today and look towards the future, while being rooted in longstanding traditions and pageantry."  