Gerogia Bulldogs quarterback Stetson Bennett put the NFL on notice after Monday night's dominant National Championship performance when he lead the team to a comfortable 65-7 victory over Texas Christian University in the most one-sided result in the college's version of the Super Bowl. Bennett scored six touchdowns in the game, throwing for four and rushing for two whilst throwing no interceptions in a stunning performance. As well as winning back-to-back championships, Bennett has himself won both MVP awards in the games, and has solified himself as one of the great college quarterbacks to play the game, as he leaves college for the NFL this year. Although coming off the back of a college championship, heading into this season many were of the belief that Bennett would not have what it takes to play in the NFL. Standing at just 5'11 with a slight frame and already the same age as Lamar Jackson - who has been in the league for five years - the Georgia Bulldog was likely looking at being undrafted and attempting to make a practice squad at the next level. But after last night's incredible performance, he would have turned many heads of NFL scouts, and may now warrant a high selection in the draft in what is looking to be a strange time in the NFL for quarterbacks. It's not unreasonable to state that almost half the teams in the league will be looking for upgrades at quarterback, with many even looking for competant back-ups. In recent weeks, a number of teams have had to turn to late-round draft picks or even undrafted quarterbacks in attempts to save their season. There has been some poor quarterback play in the league in recent weeks, and it's fair to state that Bennett could give a team much more than certain starters right now. But Bennett will be entering the draft in one of the more loaded quarterbacks classes in recent years, with as many as four prospects potentially in consideration for the first overall selection. Former Heisman Trophy winner Bryce Young is coming off the back of another impressive season, and although being undersized himself, is the favourite to be drafted first overall. However, three other quarterbacks are also in consideration to be drafted with the top pick, in Will Levis (Kentucky), CJ Stroud (Ohio State) and Anthony Richardson (Florida) all showing elite potential over the course of the college season, with a number of teams battling to select them. Should they all be taken early on, Bennett might a man for a number of organisations to turn to, and after his heroics this season, who is to say he might not be the best of the lot.