Ex-POTUS Donald Trump has peddled yet another conspiracy by claiming Georgia's election workers are a part of a "mess" which ensured the 2020 election was all "fraud". The 45th President took to his social media platform Truth Social in a series of posts directed against an election worker in the Peach State. Trump fired off his first message at around midnight on January 2. He claimed there were "contradictions" in Georgia election worker Ruby Freeman’s testimony to the House Select Committee investigating the Capitol riot. Trump wrote: "Wow! Has anyone seen the Ruby Freeman ‘contradictions’ of her sworn testimony? "Now this is ‘BIG STUFF.’ Look what was captured by Cobb County police body cameras on January 4, 2021. … Now it gets really bad." JUST IN: US House adjourns without choosing Speaker after Republican revolt The ex-POTUS issued a second and third post in which he labelled the 2020 election as "all a fraud" and accused Ms Freeman of election crimes. He said: "What will the Great State of Georgia do with the Ruby Freeman MESS?" Trump added: "The evils and treachery of the Radical Left monsters who want to see America die." Ms Freeman and her daughter Shaye Moss became central figures in an election-denying conspiracy after 2020. The pair, who took on jobs counting ballots, were accused of personally adding fake votes for Biden. Trump-supporting conspiracy theorists have even alleged that a video of the women proved they were committing election crimes. However, the footage does not appear to indicate any offence being committed. Ms Freeman was advised by the FBI to flee her home, shutter her business and seek shelter at an undisclosed location. DON'T MISS:Scary video shows individuals being rescued from an amusement park  [REVEAL]Ukraine war: Demands for Russian commanders to be punished  [SPOTLIGHT]Xi Jinping calls for ‘unity’ as China enters ‘new phase’  [INSIGHT] The advice came amid concern that she could become a target for conspiratorial Trump loyalists. Ms Freeman told the House Select Committee that "there is nowhere I feel safe. Nowhere". MSNBC's Rachel Maddow even claimed Mr Trump's own Justice Department informed the former POTUS that the claims were false. Former Acting Deputy Attorney General Richard Donoghue reportedly told Mr Trump directly that the allegations had been reviewed and were found to have been baseless.