Liverpool great Phil Thompson claims Jurgen Klopp needs to sign a midfielder in this transfer window before pursuing Jude Bellingham in the summer. The Reds have already brought in Cody Gakpo from PSV Eindhoven for a fee of up to £44million. Gakpo is now officially a Liverpool player after a deal was finalised in the final few days of 2022. The Dutchman will bolster Klopp's attacking resources. But midfield is an area that has come under criticism at Anfield this season. Bellingham is the top target but Borussia Dortmund will block any departure for him this month. Thompson is a huge fan of the England international. But he believes his old club needs a new option in midfield earlier than the summer, especially following the disappointment of Arthur Melo's loan move so far. Thompson exclusively told Express Sport: "Bellingham would be ideal but I just feel, like most Liverpool fans, we just need a bit of reinforcement in there. I don’t think the signing of Arthur Melo helped us in any way. READ MORE: Man Utd set to seal bargain deal as £10.6m striker 'to snub two sides'  "It just didn’t seem to fit in, he lacked game time, so I don’t think that was helping us at all. But we certainly do need somebody. "Probably the recruitment team is scouring all of Europe looking for somebody but it needs somebody who fits the role, high energy, a bit of creativity, someone like that. We’ve got a good base there with Thiago and Jordan Henderson and the likes of Harvey Elliott. "We’ve got players there who can do different things. But Jordan and Thiago are obviously getting a bit older now, so you can’t keep pinning your hopes on them." Liverpool have returned to action having beaten Aston Villa and Leicester in the Premier League. But they still sit down in sixth place in the table, 15 points behind leaders Arsenal. DON'T MISSBeckham snubbed by King Charles as England icon left off New Year HonoursMan Utd 'lose Saudi Arabia deal at 11th hour' as plug pulled after meetingMan Utd boss Ten Hag takes on second job at Old Trafford after Murtough talks  Thompson says the injuries in the first part of the season played a major role in a disappointing start to the campaign. He added: "Thiago and Fabinho and Hendo, having the injuries means we have no fluency in there. "And all of a sudden then you’ve got the attack where Luiz Diaz, who was probably one of the star players, he gets injured. Diogo Jota comes back from his injury and gets injured again, you haven’t got many options then up front. "Bobby Firmino’s done ever so well scoring the goals, sort of doing alright in that department. But the injuries have told, everyone has them and you have to find a way back. "It seems like the midfield has taken on the mantle of the defenders when we had multiple injuries with them. But you find a way and I’m quite sure from this World Cup break that we will be better after it."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here