People who work with computers, those who spend a fair amount of time looking at their mobile phones, and those spending hours in front of the television are all at risk. Five of the warning signs of computer vision syndrome include: headaches, dry eyes, irritated eyes, blurred vision, and double vision. As screens have become a part of our everyday lives, Patel has a suggestion on how to ease troubling symptoms. "Eye yoga exercises can condition and strengthen the eye area," she said. "Eye yoga might be something worth considering if you spend your days staring at a computer screen for long periods of time and suffer from computer vision syndrome." Eye yoga exercises Before beginning eye yoga, make sure to remove your glasses or contact lenses. Eye rolling READ MORE: Dr Mosley shares 'gentle' movement to help your brain 'function better' - 'Easy to do' Blinking Sideways glance Palming Cross-eyed gaze An expert from Vision Direct, Carl Greatbanks, shares his expertise on improving eyesight. Greatbanks recommends "adding more fruits and leafy vegetables" to your diet, as this increases the consumption of helpful nutrients, such as vitamin A, C and lutein. Increasing nutritional intake "can even slow the progress of age-related sight loss", said Greatbanks. He added: "Certain vitamins can also help increase the supply of nutrients your eyes receive which will not only improve eye health but decrease the chances of eye problems, as well as eye diseases. READ MORE: Three drinks that can help you fall asleep and boost sleep quality "The most effective vitamins for eyes include lutein and zeaxanthin. Research also suggests vitamin A, vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acids aid in lubricating the eye and reducing dry eye symptoms." Eyes should also be protected against UV rays, as overexposure is linked to cataracts, macular degeneration and photokeratitis (sunburn of the cornea). "A pair of UV protective sunglasses are all you need to stay protected from the sun’s rays, especially on lighter days when you’re out of the shade," said Greatbanks. Another tip is to prioritise rest, as sleeping can "rest your eyes" and "keep them clean". Greatbanks elaborated: "While they are below your [closed] eyelids, your eyes are being continuously lubricated. "This washes away any dirt or dust that might have accumulated throughout the day and ensures they are fresh for the next morning." He is also a fan of eye yoga, agreeing with Patel that blinking consciously and palming can help to keep the eyes healthy. "Adding these exercises to your daily routine will help keep eyes hydrated, ensuring the longevity of your vision," said Greatbanks.