David Coulthard has disagreed with Max Verstappen’s views on Netflix “faking” scenes in their F1 series Drive to Survive. The former McLaren driver said the show “wouldn't be interesting” without an altered reality as he defended producers who had not done anything wrong The Channel 4 commentator stressed drivers were “bloody boring” and says Netflix had to alter scenes to hook the audience. His comments are a stark contrast to Verstappen who has criticised the show for a lack of reality. Coulthard explained: “I do see an ongoing interest in this type of slightly not scripted but edited version of the reality, which some of the drivers spoke about. They felt some of the conversations being placed in places they weren’t entirely happy about. “But the reality is, if it wasn’t done like that, it wouldn’t be anywhere near as interesting and as fun and it’s part of the show, and it’s part of the entertainment. READ MORE: Max Verstappen called out for 'fuelling toxicity' after meltdown “I don’t think anyone should be… unless you’re trying to rewrite history or you’re doing something which could be seen as illegal, I think that if it makes them seem more interesting than they are – because most of the drivers are bloody boring! To be honest – Netflix makes them seem quite interesting.” Verstappen didn’t take part in series four of the programme despite it being focussed on his maiden world title win. The reigning champion has since admitted that a major reason for boycotting the show was to be “in control” of what content he was releasing to fans. The Dutchman added: “They faked a few rivalries which they don’t really exist. So I decided to not be a part of it and did not give any more interviews after that because then there is nothing you can show. DON'T MISSVerstappen 'feigning polite view' on new Mercedes ahead of 2023 season [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton has already suggested how to end Max Verstappen debate [INSIGHT]Red Bull were forced to axe 154 staff members after budget cap rules [ANALYSIS] “I am not really a dramatic show kind of person, I just want facts and real things to happen.” The Red Bull star revealed he had sat down with show bosses to discuss the reasons behind his actions over the British Grand Prix weekend. The show is important for F1 bosses after generating a surge of interest in the sport across the world, particularly in the USA. Verstappen accepted the talks were “very good”, while he claimed he would try to improve his relationship with show bosses. No further details were given about Verstappen’s involvement in season five until a trailer was released last week. The clip showed the double world champion sitting down to be interviewed, teasing that he will make a return for the new season.