Jeremy Clarkson claimed he "hated" Meghan Markle on a "cellular level" in his The Sun column late last year. On Monday, he shared a post on his Instagram account, explaining he wrote a lengthy apology to Meghan and Prince Harry on Christmas Day and claimed Amazon and ITV "were incandescent". Good Morning Britain presenters Susanna Reid and Ed Balls were joined by journalists Kevin Maguire and Andrew Pierce to discuss the latest scandal on Tuesday. Susanna read: "I have emailed everyone saying how sorry I am and then on Christmas morning I emailed Harry and Meghan in California to apologise to them too.' "Really? Christmas? Was that appropriate on Christmas day?" Kevin teased: "That's what they wanted for Christmas," before Andrew asked: "Where did he get their email address from?" Susanna continued to read: "'I was profoundly sorry' he says, well they said it's not good enough!" READ MORE: Prince Harry’s threats to Royal Family are ‘tantamount to blackmail’ Andrew added: "It's like a form of buyers' remorse isn't it because I don't think his column has appeared in The Sun, has it?" "This column has been withdrawn from The Sun's website," Susanna confirmed. Kevin expressed: "Well look, what this is about, this is a self-serving grovel because Amazon are going to drop him in the future, he is worried ITV are going to dump him from Who Wants to be a Millionaire. "It's all about him. First of all, he writes about her in a grotesque way and then he sends it to her husband. "And as they quite rightly point out, that he has written nauseous, poisonous, toxic pieces about so many, were they all in a hurry too?" Susanna added: "Ok, so that is what they said in response, the one thing I would say to that is if you apologise for something, should that apology be excepted in good faith? "Or is it, as in this case, do you have to apologise for everything else that you have ever done in order for your apology for one thing to be accepted?" Kevin asked: "Why is he apologising now? He has apologised now because he is threatened financially, that's why. DON'T MISS...Here's where the original Keeping Up Appearances cast is now [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb's true identity in Nicky twist [WATCH]Holly and Phillip spark backlash as fans demand new DOI hosts [INSIGHT] "His regular punch is down and he can't fight back, he is now grovelling and shedding crocodile tears." Andrew agreed: "The timing of his apology was ridiculous, Christmas Day, but we didn't know he had apologised privately, that I think is something. "However, the wretched column should never have been put in there in the first place and it was a shameful piece of writing." Harry and Meghan responded to Jeremy Clarkson's apology and said in a statement on Monday evening: "While a new public apology has been issued today by Mr Clarkson. "What remains to be addressed is his longstanding pattern of writing articles that spread hate rhetoric, dangerous conspiracy theories and misogyny. "Unless each of his other pieces were also written ‘in a hurry’, as he states, it is clear that this is not an isolated incident shared in haste, but rather a series of articles shared in hate." Streaming giant Amazon is said to no longer be working with the TV presenter beyond the two seasons of The Grand Tour and Clarkson’s Farm that have already been commissioned, sources told Variety. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.