Benfica are demanding the full £106million release clause from Chelsea for star midfielder Enzo Fernandez because River Plate are due 25 per-cent of the fee, according to reports. The Blues have been strongly linked with a big-money move for the Argentina World Cup hero. Fernandez is in-demand following a sensational World Cup. The 21-year-old won the Player of the Tournament award after Argentina’s thrilling triumph over France. Chelsea are said to be leading the race for his signature, with Benfica set to rake in a whopping profit on a player they signed just six months ago. Fernandez was a summer arrival from Argentine outfit River Plate for a fee of just £10m. Upon joining Benfica, Fernandez signed a lengthy deal that included a £106m release clause. Interested clubs will be forced to pay the full fee. Transfer news LIVE - Man Utd's Fernandez deal, Mudryk announcement That is according to the Mirror, who report that River Plate will be owed 25 per-cent of any fee Benfica received. The Primeira Liga club are therefore keen to maximise Fernandez’s price tag to ensure they are properly remunerated. River Plate will receive around £26m when Fernandez eventually departs the Portuguese club. Chelsea are believed to be leading a race that reportedly includes Premier League rivals Manchester United and Liverpool. Benfica want Fernandez to stay until the summer, with the club releasing a statement last week insisting that quotes made by club president Rui Costa were taken out of context. Costa was quoted as telling broadcaster DAZN that bids of a sufficient nature would be considered in the winter window. “SL Benfica clarifies that at no time did the President of the Club, Rui Costa, utter the words that are being circulated in Italy by DAZN,” a club statement read on Friday. DON'T MISS...Man Utd could offer three players to Benfica to sign Enzo FernandezChelsea may be about to repeat Tomori mistake with Badiashile transferChelsea 'hope to hijack' Arsenal transfer deal for Mykhaylo Mudryk Contrary to those reports, Benfica want to keep their star player until the end of the season. Fernandez has been a key man in the Portuguese top-flight and in the Champions League. However, Chelsea will no doubt test Benfica’s resolve with discussions set to take place in January. The Blues are expected to be busy in the transfer market despite spending a record £260m in the summer. Graham Potter wants to put his own stamp on the team at Stamford Bridge. The pre-season business was conducted during Thomas Tuchel’s reign, with the likes of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang signed by the former Chelsea boss. But Potter replaced Tuchel just a week after the window was slammed shut and appears to be short of quality in a couple of positions. Midfield is believed to be of a pressing concern, with Fernandez the top target for the role.