Emmerdale's Jamie Tate (played by Alexander Lincoln) was last seen in the ITV soap when he faked his own death. There are plenty of people in the village who would hate to see him return, including his mum, Kim Tate (Claire King) and the mother of his son, Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham). However, the actress who plays Gabby recently addressed whether the villain will be making a comeback. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press, Rosie said: "Jamie returning would be chaos. "There's a lot of things unsolved from when he was here and a lot of hurt would come back for Gabby. "She thought they were getting married and he was playing her. "I think it would cause a lot of chaos for her [Kim] as well and it would certainly rock the boat at Home Farm. READ MORE: BBC viewers slam Naga Munchetty for 'car crash' Ed Milliband grilling The soap's executive producer, Jane Hudson also teased the return of a major character this year. She said: "I am busy working on summer storylines at the moment because I always like to have a bit of a spectacular. "So if I say that I've got to come up with something now." When asked about any cast returns, Jane laughed: "I can't tell you that." She went on to hint that she's waiting for the soap star to confirm their return. Fans are also convinced that Jamie could be returning to the ITV soap, with many claiming that he is working with newcomer Nicky (Lewis Cope). Georgia D theorised: "Emmerdale Nick is working for Jamie I’m convinced!" Elizabeth Edwards predicted: "#emmerdale I think new nanny Nicky is working for Jamie Tate and Nicky really is Zoe Tate daughter Jean Tate like Matty Barton and it can happen and wait and first." (sic) DON'T MISS...Jack Deam has stepped down from Father Brown as Inspector Mallory [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise fans 'work out' Neville Parker's death [REACTION]Coronation Street history to repeat itself as Summer Spellman dies  [SPOILERS] "Who is Nicky working for? Nobody? Joe? Jamie? Is he the secret lovechild of Chris Tate?" Jamie quizzed. While Ryan Glendenning penned: "This will definitely change Cain and Moira forever. "I can't see a way back from this. #Emmerdale. I'm also suspicious of Nicky and think he's got connections to Jamie Tate. Also could Caleb be Chloe's dad not Cain's brother? So many questions right now." (sic) Since newcomer Nicky arrived in the Dales, fans have become very suspicious of his motives, with many claiming he "is too good to be true". "Nicky's a great character. He's very relatable, likeable, and I'm just having fun with him," Lewis said when discussing his new role. When asked if Nicky has a dark past, the soap star continued: "At the moment he's a lovely person, and there's nothing to say [otherwise]... he kind of fits the bill. "He is almost too good to be true, but we'll have to wait and see." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.