With only a few days until Prince Harry's memoir hits the shelves, the Duchess of Sussex has now been warned against writing her own account. Speaking to Express.co.uk, US-based royal commentator Lee Cohen has stated that the continuous "aired grievances" from the couple are making them "less and less appealing". Mr Cohen said: "There are rumours circulating that Meghan Markle may release a memoir of her own. For the moment these rumours are unconfirmed. "But what is clear is that whether she goes ahead with this or not, Harry’s message of seeking reconciliation is extremely strange against the couple's actions." He added: "Who in their right mind goes on attacking publicly a party—demanding apologies when it is they who have committed all the offences-- with whom they are seeking to reconcile? "The aired grievances of the Sussexes make them less and less appealing except among those who embrace a victimhood narrative. "The Sussexes should realise that the more they—with their gilded Hollywood lifestyle-- wring their hands and denounce Harry’s family, the more pathetic and ridiculous they look." READ MORE: Prince Harry kills hopes for peace as royals 'worried' any talk 'will just be on Netflix' Speaking in a positive light towards the Royal Family, Mr Cohen stated that the couple should "should take a page" from the members of the Royal Family, who he says are "promoting positivity" and who showcase "achievements of others rather than themselves." After Harry's recent comments about himself and Meghan being categorised as "villains" by the Royal Family, he added: "[They] have no one but themselves, with their self-possessed grievances and petty attacks and betrayals, to thank for their falling popularity." Speaking of the current financial climate, Mr Cohen added: "Their whining from privileged luxury is all the more ludicrous and contemptible when many people wonder how they will make ends meet in challenging economic times." Describing the Royal Family as "admirable", he concluded by stating that they pose a "real and valuable purpose", the opposite of Meghan and Harry who "serve nothing but their own interests.”  Prince Harry's memoir is set to be released on January 10. Two days before the release, the Duke is set to appear in, not one, but two televised interviews. One interview is with ITV, with Tom Bradby as the interviewer. The second is with NBC's 60 Minutes and Anderson Cooper will be sitting down to talk with the 38-year-old. DON'T MISS Prince Andrew sells luxury Verbier ski chalet for £19million [INSIDE PROPERTY]Prince Harry and Meghan 'hurt' as new Netflix show flops [LATEST]'Most awkward moment' for the Royal Family caught on camera [EXCLUSIVE] His memoir was originally set to be released in late 2022, following the July 2021 announcement. According to Penguin Random House, the chosen publishing house, the 416-page read will be released in 16 languages. Harry will also read the book, himself, for the audiobook version, which will be released on the same day.