The Guardian obtained a copy of the highly awaited memoir and revealed some of its most shocking claims. In the book, Prince Harry provided his account of an argument between himself and his older brother Prince William in 2019. The confrontation about his marriage to American actress Meghan Markle occurred at Harry’s home in the grounds of Kensington Palace. Prince William allegedly went to Nottingham Cottage, known as “Nott Cott”, to talk to his brother about “the whole rolling catastrophe” of their crumbling relationship and problems with the press. Harry claimed that when his older brother arrived, he was already “piping hot”, which set the tone for the confrontation. During the argument, Harry alleged that William labelled Meghan “difficult”, “rude” and “abrasive”. William’s younger brother hit back, saying that the Duke of Cambridge was “parrot[ing] the press narrative” about Meghan and that he had hoped for better from his brother. He also accused William of not being rational, which saw the pair begin to row, and Harry supposedly told his brother that he was acting like the heir and unable to understand his struggles and dissatisfaction with being the spare. During the heated confrontation, the pair threw insults at each other, with William allegedly telling his younger brother that he was trying to help him. Harry supposedly replied: “Are you serious? Help me? Sorry – is that what you call this? Helping me?” READ MORE: Keir Starmer promises no more big spending in first big speech of 2023 This latter comment reportedly further angered William and shows the schism that has formed between the two brothers. Harry’s struggles of being the second-born run throughout the book as he discusses his childhood, education, career, and familial relationships. The Duke has taken part in two interviews which are set to air this weekend ahead of the release of ‘Spare’. A clip from his upcoming interview with ITV’s Tom Bradby shows Harry discussing the fractured relationship he has with his family. DON'T MISS:Ex-Tory MP Nicky Morgan compares US Congress chaos to 'Brexit madness' (INSIGHT)Farage blasts Sunak over plan to make students study maths until 18 (REACTION)Nadine Dorries fumes over call to reverse Channel 4 sell-off plans (REACTION) Despite the ongoing rift and constant bombshells from the Sussexes, the clip shows his desire to fix things. Harry said: “I would like to get my father back, I would like to have my brother back.” The 90-minute interview called ‘Harry: The Interview” will be aired on ITV1 at 9pm on January 8 and will be available to stream on ITVX. The Prince also gave an interview with CBS’s Anderson Cooper, which will also be aired this weekend.