Ginny and Georgia first made its debut on Netflix last year with the mother-daughter duo eager to put down roots and settle in a New England town. Of course, it wasn't that simple as Georgia Miller's (played by Brianne Howey) came back to haunt them both. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about watching Ginny and Georgia season two. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Ginny and Georgia. Ginny and Georgia hasn't been seen since February 2021 when the first season came out on the streaming service. The wait is almost done and dusted with the new series which premieres on Thursday, January 5, on Netflix. Exactly what time the comedy-drama will come out though does depend on your geographical location. While Ginny and Georgia season two is going to be dropped on the streamer at the same moment, the time differs due to the world being split into various time zones. READ MORE: Camilla Tominey shuts down This Morning host in probe over Harry As Netflix is based in Los Gatos, California, the show will be released in accordance with that part of the world's time zone. So some fans in the USA can expect to see Ginny and Georgia season two out just after midnight PT (Pacific Time) on January 5. If you live on the east coast, then the episodes are going to be dropped at a slightly later time of 3am ET (Eastern Time). UK fans, on the other hand, are going to have to wait longer than those living Stateside. Ginny and Georgia series two will be out in the UK at 8am GMT (Greenwich Mean Time). The rest of Europe runs roughly one hour behind the UK so they are going to get access to the same episodes at around 9am on January 5. Much like the first season, this second outing is going to consist of 10 episodes in total which will all be ready to watch from the initial release date. This latest series is expected to pick up from where the first season finale was left. DON'T MISS...Chicago PD boss rules out highly anticipated return for key star [EXPLAINER]Meghan missed huge Netflix open goal but 'still cash in' [ROYAL]Jenna Ortega refused to say key Wednesday Addams line [CAST] It is revealed in the final episodes of series one that Georgia killed her husband Kenny Drexel (Darryl Scheelar). When Ginny (Antonia Gentry) and Georgia were doing a home workout, the latter walked out of the room briefly to check on dinner and this is when Kenny got inappropriately handsy with her daughter. Georgia interrupts them to announce dinner is ready but after seeing what he was capable of, she gives her husband a protein shake with wolfsbane blended into it before he leaves the house. As he drives away and drinks some of it, the wolfsbane kicks in, causing him to have a heart attack and crash the car. When Ginny discovers the truth, she is stunned by her mother's actions and runs away. She steals Marcus' (Felix Mallard) motorbike and leaves town with her younger brother Austin Miller (Diesel La Torraca) in tow. So how will the family of three get back together and is Ginny going to be able to forgive her mum? Ginny and Georgia season 2 premieres on Thursday, January 5,  on Netflix.