Elaine White, 66, has erected threatening signs outside her home after dozens of men have turned up on her doorstep believing the house is a brothel. The Texas retiree believes the men are victims of an online scam which is using her address as a meeting place for sex. She revealed at least 25 men have come to her house looking for a prostitute with one having travelled from as far afield as Laredo, 450 miles from her Plano residence. She told NBC 5 News: "I'm frustrated. I'm irritated and I'm beyond done. "How can a grown man go to a house in a neighbourhood thinking they're gonna get sex? "As many hookers and prostitutes there are - go get one. Leave me alone. I'm not here for that." Ms White revealed the men started approaching the house a year ago asking for Nikki, Kelly and Rhonda. READ MORE: Trump slams 'disloyal' DeSantis as ex-POTUS kickstarts 2024 campaign She has since installed a Ring video doorbell camera to record the men and send footage to the police. Signs around her home include warnings that she is armed and that the home is protected after revealing she answers the door with a loaded gun. While another sign painted in red reads: "Kelly DOES NOT live here." In one video, a man is overheard asking for "Rhonda". Ms White asked: "For drugs or sex?" He replied: "Um second one." She continued: "Well, you know what? This is a bait house and you have 10 seconds to get away from it or the cops are gonna get you. You better hurry." DON'T MISS Trump warns US on 'brink' of WW3 as ex-POTUS hits campaign trail in SC [INSIGHT]Memphis cops filmed crying over pepper spray as Tyre Nichols lay dying [VIDEO]Remains confirmed to be missing four-year-old Athena Brownfield [ANALYSIS] She added: "Police told me that there are trafficking rings going around, and my address may have been used out of the sky,' said White. "That it's off of some sex website where nasty old men go and look for sex. "They pay Venmo for the services and then they get my address and they come here."