Wladimir Klitschko has reignited his rivalry with Tyson Fury by branding him a ‘clown’ after his latest call-out video directed at Oleksandr Usyk. Fury, who is currently in negotiations to box Usyk later this year, defeated his fellow countryman, Klitschko, in 2015 and has referenced the victory throughout the build-up to their undisputed clash. “I already done one Ukrainian in [Wladimir] Klitschko didn't I? And I'll do you as well, gappy teeth,” said Fury as he came face to face with Usyk after his win over Derek Chisora last month. Usyk has been bombarding Fury with a series of hwacky call-out videos and recently got a rise out of The Gypsy King after weeks of trying. “Usyk, calling out the Gypsy King with your pathetic little callouts, dosser,” Fury said in a video uploaded to his social media channels. “Rabbit, I’m coming for you, rabbit, you’re getting it, rabbit. And I’ll tell you what else, I’m gonna bust you up real bad you little middleweight. I’m going to slap you into a big pile of tattoos, sucker. Come on!” A day after the video was uploaded, Klitschko made his thoughts known about his old foe by slapping a clown emoji in the comment section of the post. The Ukrainian was the last man to face Fury before his three-year hiatus from the ring when he battled severe mental health issues and substance abuse. The Gypsy King ended Klitschko’s dominant nine-year reign as world champion with a career-best showing in Germany and was set to rematch Dr Steelhamer the following year. However, Fury went on to pull out of the second fight twice due to his spiralling mental health. MORE BOXING NEWS... Transgender boxing division to start with 'tester event' - EXCLUSIVE Fury vs Usyk given promising update with date and location teased Joshua called out by forgotten foe Miller with phone call made Having retired in 2017 following a defeat to Anthony Joshua, Klitschko never got another shot at Fury but will now be hoping Usyk can avenge his loss. According to Fury’s promoter, Frank Warren, negotiations for the four-belt shootout are drawing closer to completion for a date between the end of March and early April with discussions ongoing regarding the exact location. Saudi Arabia is the preferred host with an official offer expected to be submitted from the Middle Eastern nation this week. If the event cannot be staged overseas, then London’s Wembley Stadium has been pencilled in as a backup option with Cardiff’s Principality Stadium also believed to be in the running.