Jadeveon Clowney was sent home from practice by the Cleveland Browns on Friday after he indicated he won’t sign a new contact with the franchise. The first overall pick of the 2014 NFL Draft has played for the Houston Texans, Seattle Seahawks, Tennessee Titans and Browns across his career, which has yielded three Pro Bowls and one selection to the NFL’s All-Pro Second-team - but Clowney has been quiet in 2022. The 29-year-old, who signed for the Browns ahead of the 2021 season, has missed four matches this campaign due to an ankle injury and concussion. Clowney believes the organisation are not putting him in the best position to excel, which led to his outspoken comments with Cleveland.com. “Ninety-five percent sure I won’t be back,” Clowney told cleveland.com on Thursday. “But there’s still that 5 percent. You never know what can happen. I just feel like I need to be around somebody that believes in me and my ability. (It can’t) just be me believing in myself. I believe in myself more than anybody.” Following his comments, Clowney was sent home by the Browns from practice on Friday. The defensive end is set to be a free agent in March and his time in Cleveland appears to have come to an abrupt end. READ MORE: Damar Hamlin first words to NFL team after waking from cardiac arrest Clowney has 2.0 sacks this season - far less production than his 9.0 sacks last year. He has not ruled out a return to the Browns, although he would only re-sign following staff changes with defensive coordinator Joe Woods rumours to potentially be on the way out amid scrutiny after the poor season display from a talented unit. Ultimately, Clowney believes the Browns removed him from favourable matchups and replaced him with Myles Garrett in order to showcase their star defensive end’s talents. Garrett has 15 sacks in 2022 - 2.5 less than Nick Bosa’s NFL-best 17.5 - and is in the mix for Defensive Player of the Year. Last season, Garrett tallied 16.0 sacks while Clowney bagged 9.0 himself - the second-most in his career. Garrett then labelled the pair the ‘best pass-rush duo in the NFL’ and reportedly urged the Browns to bring Clowney back in the offseason. DON'T MISSDamar Hamlin 'can communicate' with doctors in huge boost for NFL aceLeeds United facing uncertain future as 49ers takeover faces rival bidNFL star Damar Hamlin is 'awake' after cardiac arrest horror Clowney understands, but believes the Browns ‘got their own guys, and I ain’t one of them, so it’s time for me to get my exit slip’. He claimed the situation became apparent during the 13-3 win over the Baltimore Ravens as he discovered the Browns were rotating him and Garrett. “We practiced all week, and we get in the game and they want to move me,” he said. “I’m not doing that (stuff). I’m old. I’ve done my job.” Clowney added he could’ve had 10 sacks this season if things were different, insisting: “I’ll be right back there next year. I feel better this year than I did last year at this point.” The 7-9 Browns will wrap up their 2022 season when they travel to Acrisure Stadium to face the 8-8 Pittsburgh Steelers on Sunday.