A fresh batch of celebrity contestants put their skills to the test as Dancing on Ice made a return on Sunday night. Judges Christopher Dean, Jayne Torvill, Oti Mabuse and Ashley Banjo were back on the panel to give feedback on the celebrities’ performances. However, as Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield introduced the show, some fans were left unimpressed. "It is good to be back," Holly began before adding: "We have got 11 brand new celebrities who have been trained, toned and spray-tanned to the inch of their lives." "They're over there looking rather fabulous." she continued as the crowds cheered. Phillip added: "There is no backing out now because we have locked all the doors. "At the end of the series, one of them will be crowned Dancing on Ice champion 2023. READ MORE: James Martin hugs Brian Turner as he makes 'stammer' confession "But to do it, they will need to impress you and four people who will be watching their every move, it's our ice panel." Holly and Phillip proceeded to welcome the four celebrity judges before introducing the first performer, Joey Essex. Taking to social media, some fans poked fun at the This Morning presenter's reported "queue jump" when visiting Queen Elizabeth II lying-in-state earlier this year. While others called for a new presenting duo to host Dancing on Ice.  Amy questioned: "Are they seriously keeping Phil & Holly as presenters." (sic) Mark Brearley asked: "Why Phillip and Holly? Get new hosts. #dancingonice."  @kean358 joked: "Phil and Holly just skated in past the queue. Not an ounce of Shame." Bev tweeted: "Look at all those people queuing behind Phil and Holly. #dancingonice." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb's true identity in Nicky twist [SPOILERS]Happy Valley writer explains dark meaning behind show's title [INSIGHT]Dancing On Ice's Patsy Palmer dealt blow hours before live show [ODDS] Sara said: "Ah Phil and Holly, now I remember why I don’t watch this..."  While Ian said: "About to put my mute button through its pages every time Holly and Phil are talking #dancingonice." "Just why!! Is Phil and holly on my TV again!! Aren’t we bored of them yet? I am!! Especially after queue gate! We won’t forgive or forget," Fi fumed. (sic) However, despite the criticism, most fans were thrilled to see the return of Dancing on Ice.  Catherine Jackson said: "One of the best things about January is BACK!!!" Elizabeth Scott beamed: "Great to have DOI and Vera back. Finally some decent Sun night telly." (sic) While Kim Carberry added: "Yay! #DancingOnIce is back on TV."  Dancing on Ice returns on Sunday at 6.30pm on ITV.