Netflix has decided to axe the mystery thriller series 1899 after just one season, despite its place in the streaming platform's top 10. The co-showrunners said they had "heavy hearts" when they made the announcement on Instagram. There is a chance the series could be saved, whether it be by a Netflix u-turn or another platform. Creators Jantje Friese and Baran bo Odar shared their disappointment on social media when it was revealed the series would not return. They said on Instagram: "We would have loved to finish this incredible journey with a 2nd and 3rd season as we did with Dark. But sometimes things don’t turn out the way you planned. "That's life. We know this will disappoint millions of fans out there. "But we want to thank you from the bottom of our hearts that you were part of this wonderful adventure." READ MORE: 1899 fans threaten to ‘cancel’ Netflix subscriptions after series axed They finished the statement off with a tribute to fans, saying: "We love you. Never forget." The first season followed passengers on board a migrant steamship heading west, and their journey took an unexpected turn. The season finale ended with Maura Franklin (played by Emily Beecham) making a discovery about what Project Prometheus was. When Maura finally woke up, she realised she was in space, on board a spaceship called Prometheus. The project had been taking place in the year 2099 and it was being led by Maura's brother. As for whether season two could ever come to light, it is not unusual for axed shows to be saved. The supernatural series Manifest was cancelled by NBC after three seasons, and it was picked up by Netflix following a fierce Twitter campaign. A similar campaign has now been launched on Twitter for 1899, with fans issuing pleas to other networks to #Save1899. The official Twitter account for the series shared a link explaining how fans can request future seasons of shows. The Netflix link says: "Have a TV show or movie you'd like to see on Netflix? Let us know about it below." DON'T MISS... 1899 viewers issue warning over English dub of Netflix series [DISCUSSION] 1899 boss on axed storyline from Netflix series he brands a 'bad idea' [INSIGHT] All there is to know about 1899 star Emily Beecham [EXPLAINER] Title suggestions were then added, including 1899 Season 2, 1899 Season 3 and simply 1899. After submitting their request, @MetalDad_666 responded: "Done! I haven't even seen the show. "It's been on my watch list for a couple of months, but I'm still busy finishing up other shows. Really disappointed by Netflix here." @drewexmachina shared: "This is an absolutely fantastic suggestion. Please, everyone do this! "If you're not going to leave and say in the cancellation reason because you cancelled 1899, this is the only direct way of telling them." A change.org petition has been launched for Netflix to reverse its decision. At the time of writing, the petition has more than 67,000 signatures. The petition's description reads: "1899 was clearly created with multiple seasons in mind. "After the first season, there are a lot of unanswered questions and a big cliffhanger at the end of the last episode. "We want a renewal of the show and a proper end to the story."  1899 season 1 is on Netflix now.