As part of its overall assessment of the UK’s economy, Goldman Sachs estimated a 1.2 percent contraction in U.K. real GDP over the course of this year. This is significantly under the rest of the G10 major economies and positions the country as only being slightly ahead of Russia. In light of this, experts are telling households to better prepare for the recession amid the rise in the cost of living. Last year, the Bank of England warned the country to prepare for a year-long recession as the ramifications of the cost of living crisis continue. In September, the central financial institution warned that this economic downturn will likely last for five quarters, which is 15 months. The UK’s recent increase in the cost of living is being partially caused by both a soaring inflation rate and skyrocketing energy bills. As it stands, the latest Consumer Price Index (CPI) figures came to 10.7 percent and energy costs jumped by 27 percent last October, even with Government support in place. READ MORE: Pension triple lock ‘needs reform’ for ‘means-tested’ payments Brean Horne, a personal finance expert at NerdWallet, noted why taking precautionary measures to protect money is important as a 12-month recession looks likely. She explained: “The economic picture for many UK households remains bleak as the cost of living crisis continues to escalate. "With the rate of inflation at a 40-year high and speculation of a potential recession, many households are facing unprecedented financial uncertainty and insecurity. “Understandably this difficult economic time may be extremely worrying. But having a clear picture of your finances will help you prepare for the future." A new study carried out by NerdWallet has highlighted that some 45 percent of Britons currently believe they are in debt. Those who fail to make outstanding payments on their credit cards are more likely to fall into a debt spiral. Experts from Nerdwallet are telling consumers to prioritise repaying high-cost debts, including credit cards or overdrafts, to inch closer to being debt free. Additionally, the finance experts are reminding people to repay personal loans on time and every month to prevent getting into further trouble. READ MORE: Waspi women wait for compensation verdict as 'cruel' rumours fly With the threat of recession all the more apparent, Nerdwallet believes that launching an emergency savings account will make a world of difference for those looking to acquire extra cash over the longer term. Furthermore, Ms Horne is telling savers to cut down on spending habits over the next couple of months as energy bills and inflation will likely remain high. The finance expert said: "With the uncertainty of the current climate, it’s useful to have a backup fund to be prepared for anything unexpected that may occur such as becoming unemployed, being unable to work, or being faced with more increased costs in the future. "Additionally, cutting back your spending habits can help put more money aside each month into an emergency savings account to help out whenever possible." To manage one's score better, Nerdwallet recommends payment of all debts promptly and ensuring the minimum repayment on credit cards each month. As well as this, consumers are encouraged to make sure utility bills are in their name and register to vote. On top of this, Britons are being told to avoid using payday loan companies and regularly using eligibility checkers before making applications. Ms Horne added: “It’s always a good idea to check your credit score and see if there’s room for improvement in order to help your chances of securing affordable credit in the future, should you need it."