Prince Harry has said "it never needed to be this way" with his family ahead of the release of his memoir. Speaking to Tom Bradby on ITV, the Duke vowed to to speak "the truth" which will "come from my lips rather than using other people, especially through the tabloid media", adding that "we're six years into it now". Harry told Bradby during their highly-anticipated interview tonight: "I have spent every single year of those six doing everything I can privately to get through to my family. "And the thing that is the saddest of all this is it never needed to be this way." He added: "It never needed to get to this point. With physicians, letters or emails. Everything is just no, this is not what's happening." Prince Harry, as revealed at the start of the interview, has known Bradby for 20 years. READ MORE: ‘Glad she isn’t here to see this’: Queen would be ‘heartbroken’ by Harry, says Widdecombe Aside from the ITV interview, Prince Harry also sat down for an interview for American network, NBC. Harry will speak to Anderson Cooper for 60 Minutes, airing at midnight January 9 UK time. It comes after copies of his memoir Spare were sold in Spain several days before its official global release. But despite the Duke making several accusations against his brother, Prince William has so far remained silent. A close friend of the Prince of Wales told The Sunday Times William will not retaliate because he is "dignified and incredibly loyal". READ MORE: Prince Harry labels Prince Andrew's involvement with Jeffrey Epstein a 'shameful scandal' The friend said: "It's cruel, cowardly and so sad for William to keep taking the punches. He's keeping quiet for the good of his family and the country." The same friend added that William is "burning" on the inside, while another friend told the same publication that William is thinking strategically by following the example of his grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II. He said: "We know how closely he followed his grandmother's example, and the institutional response may win the day over the personal. But he is staunchly protective of his own family, and he's not just going to roll over." Harry's memoir will be published in 16 languages and available worldwide. DON'T MISS Prince Harry puts Meghan Markle and his children in 'immediate' danger [REPORT]Harry's royal revelations baffle Montecito neighbours [OPINION]Prince William told Harry he had been brainwashed by therapy [REVEALED] An audiobook version will also be available and will be read by Harry, himself. It is also set to be release on January 10.