American fans will be forced to cough a staggering $49.99 to watch Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury on February 26. The pair are set to do battle in Diriyah, Saudi Arabia live on ESPN+ in the United States and BT Sport Box Office in the United Kingdom. The official UK pay-per-view price has yet to be announced at the time of writing but the US fee has caused quite a stir online. Many don’t believe it should be a PPV event altogether and are not best pleased by the premium price slapped on the crossover boxing bout. “I wasn't going to watch it and now I've seen that, I'm not going to watch it,” tweeted one fan (@autodidactical). “Is that a typo? Should it say $4.99?” Joked another (@of_a30). Meanwhile, an equally baffled punter (@Davidk1n9) added: “I wouldn’t pay $2 to watch that fight, it’s not a PPV.” Paul and Fury will be hoping that the third time is a charm next month after two previously failed attempts at making the fight happen. Ahead of their initial fight date in December 2021, Fury pulled out of the contest after suffering a broken rib in camp. Then, eight months later, the bout was once again cancelled due to TNT being denied entry to the United States – where the contest was set to take place. Given their messy history, few remain confident that the long-awaited grudge match will actually take place. However, both fighters have assured their supporters that it will happen this time. MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul vs Fury 'will get cancelled' as doubts raised as fight confirmed McGregor to reignite feud with Ferguson as rival teases TUF role Beterbiev 'terrifies the life out of' presenter at Yarde presser “Jake Paul’s boxing career ends on February 26th and I can finally move on with mine,” said Fury. “Every time I go out right now, everybody asks me about the Jake Paul fight. After this fight is done, everybody will be asking me how it felt to knock Jake Paul out. "The world is about to see what happens when a proper boxer faces a YouTuber. I am a professional boxer, I have had 8 undefeated bouts, soon to be 9! Jake Paul will regret ever thinking he could take me on. I will put him in his place, the canvas!” Meanwhile, Paul affirmed that Fury has ‘run out of excuses’ as they have cleared all the roadblocks that had faced the influencer super fight."After multiple failed attempts to get Tommy Fury in the ring, the moment of truth has finally arrived,” Paul tweeted. “Fumbles has no excuses now. Baby is born. Money is massive. Immigration is not an issue. Sunday February 26, Paul vs Fury is live on ESPN+ PPV in the US and BT Sport Box Office in the UK. "Tyson Fury has promised he and Papa John will make Tommy retire from boxing and change his last name forever if he can’t beat the YouTuber. Saturday (tomorrow) I’m coming to London to look at all three Fury’s in the eye and shake on that promise."