Tom Chambers heaped praise on his co-star Mark Williams ahead of the new series of Father Brown. The actor is returning to the fold after some cameo appearances in 2018 and 2019. He exclusively spoke to Express.co.uk about his joy working with the "godfather" of the period drama. Tom could not contain his excitement ahead of his comeback to the fictional village of Kembleford as Chief Inspector Sullivan. The former Holby City star told Express.co.uk: "Mark has become the godfather of Father Brown because whenever we are on set, Mark is an exceptionally well-read individual. "He knows everything about everything and on set he will say you can't use that word, it's too modern. "Just occasionally he will do that though - nothing against the scriptwriters." Read More: Alex Jones' appearance leaves The One Show fans distracted The intriguing, murder-solving priest has captivated audiences since 2013. Mark has embodied the Father for 10 years and has grown into the role too, according to his co-star Tom. The actor explained: "Mark is always thinking about the structure of everything five or seven steps backwards and forwards in all directions. "He just knows, Mark cares so much about the product. He doesn't just turn up, get it done and go. "I feel a bit bereft when he is off set because I keep wanting to check with Mark, 'Would you say that?' "He knows exactly what sections need to swap around or remove slightly. He really is the godfather of Father Brown." Tom also opened up on his eagerness to get involved in the hit which is shown in over 230 countries around the world. He said: "I have been begging to come back ever since I left. After 2014 I had another project that had to be full-time, so I was stuck between the rock and a hard place. DON'T MISS...Strictly Come Dancing star gives key advice to 2022 contestants [INTERVIEW]Father Brown star addresses major shake-up ahead of new series [INSIGHT]If it wasn’t for escapism TV, I’d never go anywhere says CAROLE MALONE [OPINION] "So I couldn't come back, I wrote them a letter and said, 'Please, please once this is done can I come back?' "They didn't tell me but I had a feeling it was one-in-one-out [with the new Chief Inspector]. You can't get someone in and just go, 'Oh thingy is coming back'. "Every year I was basically saying, 'Ah I would love to be there' regardless of any other work that is going on'." Chief Inspector Sullivan will be working again with his colleague Sergeant Goodfellow (played by John Burton). John tried to play a pivotal part in giving Tom information on a potential date for their reunion. Tom explained: "John Burton has been my ears to the ground guy, I would be texting him saying, 'What's it like is it any good?' "One day I just came for lunch and that [seeing the cast] was even worse, I was depressed." He added how, after a couple of false dawns, when John told him a regular role was about to be offered he stopped believing him until he received the call he'd been waiting for. Father Brown returns to BBC One and January 6