Arsenal have been urged to ditch their pursuit of Ukrainian starlet Mykhaylo Mudryk in favour of a shock move for Newcastle ace Allan Saint-Maximin. Gunners legend Emmanuel Petit has told his former club to not enter a bidding war with Premier League rivals Chelsea over Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mudryk. The north Londoners have long been linked with Mudryk, who is valued by his club at an astronomical £85million. For his part, the 21-year-old is understood to prefer a move to the Emirates Stadium and has even hinted at wanting that move on social media. But a transfer to Arsenal might not come if Chelsea continue their interest. Despite the Gunners’ Premier League title charge, they will still find it difficult to compete with Chelsea’s vast wealth. Ex-France star Petit believes Arsenal should ditch Mudryk if Chelsea are prepared to spend an eye-watering sum on the player. However, he revealed that Mudryk wants to sign for Mikel Arteta’s side. JUST IN: Man Utd and Chelsea on alert as Barcelona 'put trio in shop window' Petit told compare.bet that his advice to Arsenal would be: “Don’t be drawn into a bidding war with Chelsea. If Chelsea want to splash £100million on him, Arsenal should let him (Mudryk) go. “But I’m not sure that’s the desire of Mudryk. I’ve been told he wants to come to Arsenal, reuniting as a pair with [Oleksandr] Zinchenko.” Arsenal should instead target Newcastle attacker Saint-Maximin, who has struggled for game time this season, Petit has argued. The Frenchman has not started a Premier League game since August, with his campaign hampered by a hamstring injury. Petit believes Saint-Maximin would be a sensible alternative to Mudryk. The 52-year-old continued:  “We all know the qualities of Saint-Maximin, and he’s still on my mind all the time. DON'T MISS...Man Utd and Arsenal blow as director says £88m not enough for MuaniArsenal star Emile Smith Rowe makes injury admission after comebackArsenal 'plot Barcelona raid' for Arteta favourite amid Mudryk talks "If he’s in a good system with good players, he can still improve a lot. So for me, Saint-Maximin would be a good option if Arsenal can’t buy Mudryk.” Interested parties are apparently unsure about spending Shakhtar’s asking price for Mudryk. The Ukrainian giants are understood to be encouraging an auction for their prized asset and club officials were in London to meet with Chelsea last week. Arsenal will reportedly make a third bid as they look to structure a deal to get around Shakhtar's £85m demands up front. They have said the valuation is justified as it is only slightly less than the fee which saw Jack Grealish depart Aston Villa for Manchester City 18 months ago. Mudryk has enjoyed a positive season, scoring 10 goals across all competitions. The left-footed right winger has also provided eight assists.