Last Sunday evening, ITV fans were thrilled to see Brenda Blethyn reprise her role as  DCI Vera Stanhope. Not only will fans be getting the last instalments from the previous series, but they’ll also be getting four new episodes as the 12th series starts towards the end of January. Vera has been a staple of many people’s Sunday night routine since it first aired back in 2011.However, viewers were left confused and furious when the popular show mysteriously vanished after two episodes back in 2021.Returning a year later, history repeated itself with the show being pulled from the air and the 11th series was replaced by The Good Karma Hospital Vicky McLure’s thriller Trigger Point.Although there was no update for a while on when people could expect to see the conclusion for the previous season, Vera’s return was confirmed with people getting to see the final two episodes in January. READ MORE:Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz Not only will series 11 draw to a close but fans of the ITV crime drama will get four extra episodes when the 12th season starts on January 29.Speaking about what Vera fans can expect this year, actress Brenda Blethyn said: “There’s been a little wait but Vera fans can look forward to six new feature-length episodes, instead of the usual four.“To be followed by a seventh film - The Rising Tide - later in the year, which we only finished filming just before Christmas.“That’s based on the latest Ann Cleeves’ Vera novel of the same name which was published in September. We began making that in November and wrapped it in December. Sunday night's episode, titled Vital Signs, followed Vera and her team having to investigate the death of  Doctor Lucy Yo.The local GP’s charred remains were discovered in the back of a burnt-out car, which posed the question, who would want to hurt the doctor and why?Wanting to get to the bottom of the crime, the team spoke to her husband who revealed that she had been called out to see a patient that night.However, Doctor Yo’s colleagues at the practice confirmed that there wasn’t any record of a patient needing medical help. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street's Stephen Reid humiliated after his lie is exposed  [SOAP] The Traitors star ‘genuinely heartbroken’ following brutal twist [INSIGHT] Dancing On Ice backlash as Ekin-Su's performance hit with complaints [REACTION  Although many fans were left furious over the highly anticipated wait, it looked as though all was forgiven as many quickly took to social media to praise Brenda’s performance during Vera’s return.Gareth4Richards tweeted: “OMG That has been one of the best episodes of @VeraSeries and @BrendaBlethyn, @kennydoughty, @Riley_Jones_88 and everyone else it was such an awesome episode full of twists well done to you all can't wait for the next one #VeraGinaGeeJay added: “Another absolutely brilliant episode of #Vera, one of the best programmes on television. @BrendaBlethyn is simply superb.”Hugill_jamie commented: “Another absolutely brilliant episode of #vera” Lynn_sungirl36 said: “Catching up on last night’s #Vera! Absolutely brilliant @itv @AnnCleeves @BrendaBlethyn”Suzysasha praised: “#vera @ITV @WeAreSTV  @BrendaBlethyn @kennydoughty Great to have Vera and the team back!  Great Sun night telly and brilliant cast.”JULIEBRAKE8 said: “Thank goodness #Vera is back on tv. Just watched the first episode of this new series. @BrendaBlethyn we have missed you [sic] so looking forward to the rest of the series. Not forgetting the rest of the crew too [sic]Vera continues on ITV Sunday, January 22 at 8pm