While you might’ve enjoyed several years of bright red walls in your living room, it doesn’t mean potential buyers will share the same enthusiasm. When it comes to selling your home you want to make it as appealing as possible, tempting everyone who views it to see it as their next home. But, certain paint colours can put buyers off. Unless it’s for a small child’s bedroom, bright pink can be off-putting to buyers. Fushcia was crowned the most undesirable paint colour, according to The Paint Shed, with neon pink and hot pink taking the second and third spots. Marianne Shillingford Creative Director at Dulux recommends putting yourself in the shoes of the buyer and they might find it hard “to imagine themselves living there” if “you’ve really stamped your unique personality” on your home. She said many new homes are painted white or off-white to give the impression of a blank canvas that someone can “tell the story of their life” rather than the one “you inherit from someone else”. READ MORE: Reliable methods to determine which side of the fence is yours Bright yellow can seem really cheery, but lemon yellow in particular is not popular. Zoe Warren, an interior designer said “the brightest tone [of yellow] can be overwhelming in your home”. If you enjoy yellow walls, opt for ochre or mustard as “these shades will provide a toned-down version of the cheerful palette”, she added. Leading property expert Tayo Oguntonade said: ‘Royal red or hot orange can overpower a room,” and the colour of the walls can be the first thing potential buyers notice when stepping into the room. To add to this, the bolder the colour, the more materials it will take for the new buyer to cover it up - if they don’t like it. DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton in for ‘mega-month’ in 2023 according to her horoscope [EXPERT]M&S shoppers rush to buy new 60p item and ‘everyone will want one’ [NEWS]Wildlife expert top methods to stop squirrels visiting your garden [EXCLUSIVE] Soft soothing shades of sage green and dark British heritage green are popular colours in interior design at the moment, lime green is less so. Zoe said bright greens can “almost resemble neon” and while they stand out and give the wow factor, they can be “unappealing to others” and can “clash with furniture” in the room. Some homeowners opt for bright green to “give the illusion of a light and bright space”, but the impact of the colour can draw a room in. Instead, choose sage green for a feature wall - ideally the wall that you see when you first enter the room. READ MORE: Karen Brady’s quiet life in extremely wealthy and London district Dark grey and black are very trendy colours, but they are very divisive colours, so if selling is your priority an all-black living room is one to avoid. Tayo told Woman and Home how black is a colour that doesn’t “complement the home”, especially if the property is on the smaller side as it will make the home “look even smaller” which is the opposite of what many buyers are after. Dark colours can make a property look premium however if you do want to feature black somewhere in a home, choose the office over a family room. Whilst there are some paint colours that can devalue homes, there are others that can increase the chance of a sale. Painting the interior and exterior can add up to four percent to a house price, Simon Bath, CEO of iPlace Global the creators of property concierge platform Moveable said. Neutral tones are the most popular, and smaller accents of black can help achieve a dramatic effect.