Emmerdale’s Gabby Thomas (played by Rosie Bentham) has been unlucky in love after being rejected by Jamie Tate (Alexander Lincoln) and more recently, newcomer Nicky (Lewis Cope). In recent scenes, Gabby leaned in to kiss the nanny after popping a bottle of fizz to celebrate a successful day at work. However, much to the businesswoman's horror she was rejected and things were made even worse when Dawn (Olivia Bromley) witnessed the whole thing. It is unclear how Gabby and Nicky's storyline will play out, but viewers are yet to learn who he really is. Many think he is "too good to be true" and others believe he's not who he says he is. Since he arrived, fans have been coming up with their theories about what will happen. However, in a bizarre turn of events, one eagle-eyed fan thinks Nicky rejected Gabby because they're actually related. They claimed Nicky could be Gabby's long-lost brother after her dad Ashley (John Middleton) had an affair while still married to Laurel (Charlotte Bellamy). Taking to Facebook, one fan theorised: “Years ago, when Ashley first started showing signs of Alzheimer’s, there was a woman (the wife of another vicar) who was stalking him. “If I remember correctly, she got him into bed, then not long after disappeared. Could this be her and Ashley’s son, come to find his sister Gabby?” When the theory emerged, Colette O'Hagan said: "Ashley could have another child?" "Another long lost family member," Denise Roberts commented on the fan page. Viewers have also been sharing their thoughts on Twitter, with @TVnerd5645 tweeting: “Saw a post earlier this week that Gabby could be Nicky's long lost sister in Emmerdale. "If Ashley had a kid before he married Laurel I feel like it's a good theory…” There are other theories about the newcomer, including that he is working with Jamie Tate. DON'T MISS...GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan [REACTION]Naga Munchetty pleads 'move on' as she shuts down BBC co-star  [VIDEO]Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz [INSIGHT] Some fans think Nicky is digging for information about Gabby and Jamie's mum, Kim (Claire King) in preparation for the villain's return. In a recent interview with Express.co.uk and other press, the stars who play Gabby and Nicky discussed their latest storyline. Rosie teased Jamie could make a return to the village as "there are a lot of things unsolved." "Jamie returning would be chaos," the soap star admitted. "There's a lot of things unsolved from when he was here and a lot of hurt would come back for Gabby. "She thought they were getting married and he was playing her. "I think it would cause a lot of chaos for her [Kim] as well and it would certainly rock the boat at Home Farm." Emmerdale airs weekdays from 7pm on ITV.