Limescale occurs in hard water areas and can deposit a chalky white substance around taps or inside kettles. It can also build up in toilets, whether at the bottom or around the rim. It can be extremely hard to remove, and prevention is always easier than removal. To help those struggling with limescale, Mrs Hinch fans recently took to social media to share their recommendations. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Karen Bowes wrote: “I have an old downstairs toilet with bad limescale, what will get the stains out?” Sharing advice in the comments, more than 100 people had tips for Karen. Dawn Evened commented: “Use black Harpic bleach, it’s amazing.” Sammie Prescott wrote: “Black Hapric down your toilet overnight, you can also buy the tablets which are great too. “I used the bleach three nights in a row when I moved into my new place and my toilet came up great.” READ MORE: Free method to ‘instantly’ kill unsightly driveway and patio weeds Vicky Murden said: “Black Harpic is magical, it works instantly if the limescale isn’t too stubborn, can also be left overnight.” The Harpic Power Plus Toilet cleaner retails for around £1 in the majority of supermarkets and claims to remove limescale, tough stains, rust and dirt. What’s more, it helps to keep germs and bacteria at bay, which is extremely important when it comes to cleaning. It also claims to be 10 times better than bleach alone. The description on Tesco’s website reads: “Lift up the toilet seat and carefully direct the nozzle under the toilet rim. DON'T MISS:I cleaned my oven door with a 9p dishwasher tablet - results [COMMENT]Monty Don warns gardeners to ‘get on’ with planting tulips [INSIGHT]Six winter plants to guarantee a ‘big display’ of colour [EXPLAINER] “Squeeze the bottle and apply slowly all around the inside of the bowl, allowing enough liquid to cover the bowl completely. “For optimum cleaning results, leave for 10 minutes, flush and brush. To disinfect, leave for 60 minutes, flush and brush.” Stacey Jean commented: “I agree with all of these comments. Harpic in the black bottle is very good. Put lots in and leave it overnight and scrub, scrub. Scrub.” According to experts at Checkatrade, the toilet seat is one of the most overlooked areas when it comes to cleaning the home. However, it is one of the most important to keep clean since bacteria will thrive in this location. READ MORE: ‘Avoid’ tap water with ‘sensitive’ peace lilies - what to use instead The Checkatrade experts said: “The easy way to clean your toilet seat and lid is to simply wipe the toilet seat and lid down with disinfectant wipes. “Spray the hinge with a bathroom cleaner and use an old toothbrush to scrub the awkward areas.” Sometimes a toilet seat may need a thorough clean and Britons can use washing up liquid and black to do so. Mix one part bleach to 20 parts water, apply the solution to the seat and scrub light with a soft plastic brush. The experts recommended leaving the bleach and water mix to sit for a few minutes before rinsing with clean water and drying. After cleaning the toilet, it is very important to remember to clean a toilet brush to ensure there are no germs left on it. The experts recommended pouring bleach onto the brush and then rinsing it off. Cleaning enthusiasts can also fill a bucket with hot water and dish soap before soaking the brush for a few hours. Checkatrade experts added: “Whichever way you choose, make sure to clean the brush thoroughly because if you don’t clean it properly it can become a breeding ground for bacteria. “This can cause your toilet to become dirty again very quickly, and it can also be dangerous for your health.”