Emmerdale’s Gabby Thomas (played by Rosie Bentham) was left heartbroken when Jamie Tate (Alexander Lincoln) left her to raise their child alone after faking his own death. Gabby has concentrated on raising her son ever since, but in recent weeks, the young businesswoman was introduced to newcomer Nicky (Lewis Cope). Nicky was hired by Kim Tate (Claire King) to be the children’s new nanny, but it is clear, Gabby has shown a keen interest in the newcomer. In upcoming scenes, Gabby and Nicky share a kiss, but the businesswoman is knocked back by the nanny over fears he could lose his job. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk and other press, Rosie and Lewis opened up about their upcoming storyline. Rosie admitted when Gabby first met Nicky her “intentions were clear” after she called him “fit” to his face. The actress said: “Ever since Jamie, she's kind of not had any attention. READ MORE: BBC News' Joanna Gosling speaks out after quitting ahead of merger “I mean, she is a mum at the end of the day, but she's now trying to get a bit more in with Kim and Kim offers her this job. “And there’s this thing with Dawn and all this rivalry with being the most successful. “Gabby has always been obsessed with being driven, being successful and having lots of money for her. “And then a male walks in and all of that is thrown to the side.” Speaking about Gabby’s promotion and how the kiss happened, Rosie continued: “I get this promotion. “I'm really excited as Gabby's first job is to pitch some stuff to lots of school governors and teach them whatever at The Hyde about a new thing that's coming in. “And it kind of goes one way and then it goes another way, but Kim's impressed in the end, and she gets the job and the first person she goes to, to celebrate is Nicky. “I think Gabby is just really excited and she sees her life going one way, upwards.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Carla Connor killed by Stephen  [SPOILERS]ITV viewers 'switch off' minutes into John Bishop's show  [REACTION]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb's true identity in Nicky twist [INSIGHT] “So, I think we get carried away, don't we?” Lewis chipped in. “And then it almost happens. But then I think Nicky focuses on his job and says like, ‘You shouldn't be doing this’ and kind of backs away from it.” “I think it leaves Gabby very conflicted,” Rosie added. “Because she’s getting very clear signals from Nicky. “We’ve been flirting or whatever and then finally she goes, ‘Cool, this is what I am going to do’, leans in for a kiss and is rejected. “Gabby has been rejected many times before so she’s like, ‘Here we go again’.”  She went on to say: “It’s clear they both fancy each other and the audience are going to be egging them on, to be honest.” When asked whether it is just a physical attraction, the Nicky star said: “I think it is emotional.” It is clear that there is a connection between the pair, but Will Nicky be able to resist Gabby’s advances? Gabby is hellbent on getting what she wants, and could the youngster face another pregnancy scandal if they spend the night together? Or will Nicky do the same as Jamie Tate and run away? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.