Nasty smells in your washing machine can be caused by a combination of mould, mildew and bacteria. When you put dirty clothes in the machine, body oil, dirt, hair and other scum get caught in the gasket, seal and detergent dispenser. Luckily, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their simple solution for banishing unpleasant washing machine smells. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. Carol Baldry posted: “My washing machine has a terrible smell, have tried washing machine cleaner, vinegar and bicarbonate of soda, please help." Carol’s post was inundated with responses from Mrs Hinch fans but the most popular suggestion was to use sofa crystals. READ MORE: Alarm as sinkholes appearing metres from brand new housing estate Jackie Ewing said: “Hot wash with soda crystals. Manufacturers’ recommendation on mine.” Julie Mead commented: “Boil wash with two cups of soda crystals. It will clean the machine and pipes.” Jan Harrison replied: “Half a cup of soda crystals in every wash, smell’s gone.” Carlyne McHugh wrote: “Soda crystals. About a mug full in the drum, pack between seal and powder drawer as well. Run empty hottest wash the machine will do.” DON'T MISS6 safe and effective methods to stop rats visiting your garden [INSIGHT]‘Worst’ tip to avoid watering your peace lily- will cause ‘root rot’ [UPDATE]Couple's transformative makeover sees value of three-bed house triple [ANALYSIS] Maree Edwards said: “Every wash I add soda crystals which keep the machine clean. “Once the cycle is finished I put a peg on the door to stop it closing as it needs air.” Soda crystals are relatively affordable and can be found in most supermarkets or online. Dri Pak Fine Soda Crystals cost £1.70 from Sainsbury’s and Ocado. DP Soda Crystals cost £1.75 from Waitrose & Partners and £1.25 from Savers. READ MORE: ‘Best’ home remedy to remove grout stains ‘in five minutes’ Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using bleach and dishwasher tablets, and opening the washer’s drawer and door after washing a load. Laura Shephard said: “Boil wash at 90C with some bleach in the drum on a full cycle and if you use gel, tabs or liquid, swap to washing powder.” Pauline Wigmore replied: “When you have finished your washing, open the drawer and door so they are completely dry before closing. “Also, I swapped from pods to powder and never had any smell since.” Nicci Netting commented: “I clean mine once a month by putting bleach in the detergent ￼draw and putting it on a 40C/60C wash. “Just leave the door open afterwards. Seems to have worked for me.” Charlotte Howell replied: “Put bleach down the washing machine pipe at the back of the washer. It stopped smelling.” Glenda Burgess posted: “Dishwasher tablets on a boiling wash.”