Margot Robbie, 32, returned to her home country of Australia to attend the Sydney premiere of her new movie Babylon last night. The Wolf of Wall Street actress was joined by many of her family members as well as some friends as she took to the red carpet. In one hilarious encounter, Margot’s interview with entertainment reporter Justin Hill was crashed by her childhood pal, who first got her attention by shouting out, “Hey, maggot!” The unconventional nickname originated as a reference to the fact she was a fan of the band Slipknot, whose fans are known as “maggots”. The name, which was given to her while she was still in school, also appeared to be a play on her first name. Speaking to the reporter after enthusiastically waving at her old friends, Margot explained: “I saw my school friends. READ MORE: Piers Morgan fumes over Meghan’s rejection of Jeremy Clarkson apology “We have been friends since we were four years old.” Margot has had an incredibly successful year to date, even taking on a new challenge in the first live-action Barbie movie. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media last year, Margot admitted that she’s concerned the hype is coming too fast, too soon for the flick. Margot pleaded with the public just to hold on until it is actually released before trying to reveal any leaked details. The Hollywood star became one of the youngest subjects ever for BAFTA’s iconic Life In Pictures series back in November, where she delved into her entire film career. From appearing on Neighbours as a teen to her new films; Babylon, which was released in December, and Barbie. While filming the latter in Los Angeles, the actress was bombarded by crowds and paparazzi, which saw many photos of her and her co-stars in costume going viral. The snaps set the internet ablaze, but Margot worries that it all may die down when the film eventually arrives in cinemas. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast's Carol Kirkwood finally addresses Naga Munchetty 'feud' [LATEST]Amanda Owen shares ‘two simple facts’ on separation from husband Clive [INTERVIEW]Piers Morgan fumes over Meghan’s rejection of Jeremy Clarkson apology [TV] She shared: “I’d love the hype…but in a couple months, not now.” The actress is also an executive producer on a number of films through her production company LuckyChap Entertainment, with Barbie being her latest credit. She admitted during the BAFTA event that becoming a producer has given her a different insight into the film business, compared to being on camera. However, it has also added new concerns, so when the photos were leaked, the logistics of the film were at the forefront of her mind. The leaked photos went viral on social media, featuring both Margot and her co-star, Hollywood heartthrob Ryan Gosling, who plays Ken. The pair were pictured filming on location by paparazzi, dressed in neon spandex and brightly coloured roller skates. During the conversation, Margo admitted she had to plead to get the budget for the film in the first place. Margot jokingly recalled asking financers: “This is the most globally recognised word next to Coca-a-Cola - give us money!