 Meghan Trainor, 29, and actor Daryl Sabara, 30, announced they are expecting their second child as their son Riley is about to turn two. The singer also teased a gender reveal that she is “saving for TikTok”.   The All About That Bass singer made two bombshell announcements on Monday on the American morning show, Today. At the start of her segment on the show, the singer revealed she will be making her debut as an author with the book Dear Future Mama. Meghan encouraged the hosts to open their copy of the book and, after a gasp of shock, the singer exclaimed: “And it comes with a baby!” The hosts swivelled the book towards the camera, revealing Meghan’s sonogram as Daryl jumped into Meghan’s video frame. READ MORE: Piers Morgan finally uncovers reason for health woes after three years of symptoms  She went on to reveal the next “spy baby” is due to arrive during this summer while showing off her scan photos. The Your Lips Are Moving singer kept her lips shut when questioned about the gender of the baby, mysteriously saying: “We know but we’re saving it for TikTok.” The surprise announcement comes barely a week before Riley celebrates his second birthday. Meghan noted she has told the 24-month-old that he will be a big brother soon, but he hasn’t quite grasped the concept.    She said: “We try to say, 'Baby in mama's belly.' And he just points at his belly now and says, 'Baby’." This isn’t the first time the couple have surprised the Today hosts with a pregnancy announcement. In 2020, Meghan revealed she was expecting her son Riley on the show. She joked with the hosts: “I love announcing my pregnancies with you guys. "You're the best."  There may be one more “spy baby” on the way as in a 2019 interview with E! News, shortly after she had married Daryl, Meghan declared: “I want triplets!” Speaking about her book on Today, Meghan explained that experiencing her first pregnancy during Covid lockdown left her feeling very alone. She said: “I just remember thinking I don’t want anyone else to feel like that so now I can be your future bestie and help you and tell you all my TMI details of my pregnancy.” While the doting parents are both celebrities in their own right, the couple have managed to keep their home life largely out of the public eye, just offering their fans glimpses of their adorable son Riley and making fun of their unique relationship.  The couple has garnered a hefty online following due to this, with Meghan’s Instagram post sharing her sonogram getting over 500,000 likes within hours. The singer teased fans yesterday as she shared a clip on Instagram captioned: “Telling my family the secret I’ve been keeping for the past few months.” Many fans gathered in the comments to theorise what the secret could be, with some getting it right. One pointed out: “All of her pics in the last six weeks she’s been wearing hoodies,” and another added: “Anyone see the clip with the guy holding what looked like scan photos?”