Prince Harry has insisted only Meghan Markle can call him "Haz" - despite his wife never calling him by that nickname during the entire six-hours of the recent Netflix documentary series. The Duke of Sussex has embarked on a US charm offensive by appearing in a series of television interviews to promote the global sale of his bombshell book, Spare. On Tuesday night, his interview on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert was broadcast, which saw the host ask what he can call Harry during their largely informal chat. Colbert mentioned the prince's friends called him "Haz" before the duke retorted: "My wife calls me Haz, so you can't call me Haz." But during their bombshell six-part Netflix series documentary, which premiered last month, Meghan is regularly seen calling Harry simply as "H". This has led US-based freelance writer and royal commentator R.S. Locke to take to Twitter in an attempt to get to the bottom of the confusion. She wrote: "First Corden and now Colbert. Everyone wants to call Prince Harry by his nickname but…'My wife calls me Haz, so you can’t call me Haz.' "The real question is when does Meghan call him Haz because she spent a whole 6 hours on Netflix calling him H?" Replying to her own tweet, the royal commentator also posted a shrot video clip of when Harry joined UK host James Corden on his 'The Late Late Show in the US in February 2021. This saw the pair visit the mansion from hit TV show The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air while touring Los Angeles, with Corden speaking to Meghan on a video call as Harry listens and watches on. Meghan is heard saying: "Haz, how is your tour of LA going?" Corden jumps in with: "Haz? I didn't know we were calling you Haz now?" READ MORE: Royals harboured 'concerns' over 'brainwashed' Harry's use of therapy Harry, wearing a protective face mask as filming took place during the Covid pandemic, replies: "You're not my wife, so..." But during his interview on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, Harry insists that only Meghan calls him "Haz", despite her calling him "H" thoroughout the six-hour Netflix documentary. During the interview, Colbert later asked Harry: "What do I call you?" with the prince replying: "Call me whatever you want at this point." The chat show host responded: "In the book, I find you've got a lot of different names. DON'T MISSForget Harry, I fear for mental health of our King - comment [OPINION]William and Charles had 'earth-shattering rows' after Camilla marriage [REPORT]Harry embarrassed to welcome Meghan to Nott Cott as 'it was no palace' [COMMENTS] "Your birth name is Henry, your father and brother call you Harold, some people call you H, your friends call you Haz. What is Haz? Is that short for hazardous?" Harry retorted: "My wife calls me Haz, so you can't call me Haz. Harry, Haz, Baz, Hazza, Spike, Bazzarooney, it's all there." The Duke of Sussex arrived on stage to from the audience of "Harry, Harry, Harry" before he got the crowd going again by offering them all some tequila, after admitting himself: "I need a drink." The prince sipped on a glass of tequila throughout the interview, having been offered a 'cocktail' by the chat show host when he took his seat. Harry's book ,Spare, which sees him lambast the Royal Family on several occasions, went on sale on Tuesday and quickly became the fastest selling non-fiction book ever. The bombshell shot into the record books with 400,000 hardback, e-book and audio format copies being snapped up, its publisher said.