Prince Harry and Meghan Markle caused controversy last month after they released a six-part Netflix documentary which centred around the early days of their relationship and why they decided to step back from their royal duties. Now, Harry is set to release a tell-all memoir, titled Spare, in which Jennie Bond has asked what his intentions are. Royal commentator Jennie Bond joined GB News presenter Isabel Webster on Monday morning to discuss the upcoming memoir. Isabel began: "It strikes me this title Spare, obviously relating to his role as the second in line to the throne at one stage, or third I think it was. "I would just want to say, spare us! Spare us from more of this, really is there more to say?" Jennie commented: "Well you do wonder don't you and that is actually the only thing that we know about this book and that it is called Spare but I think even that is very revealing! READ MORE: Yellowstone plot hole: Fans expose questionable Jamie and Beth scene "Whereas you say some pretty good sources this morning are suggesting that it is the feud between William and Harry which is going to take centre place in this book. "Charles may come off a little more lightly, but I want to know what is it that Harry wanted, feuds between brothers go back as far as Cane and Able if you like. "There is nothing new about that so what did Harry want? Did he want the destiny into which William was born? Does he want to be King? I think not. "I think he doesn't like very much about the way that the institution and the monarchy works anyway from what he has said so far. "I don't think he would like the fact that his wings would be clipped even further as his fathers has now he is monarch. "I don't think he would like anything about it! So what is it that Harry wanted and wants?" A source recently claimed to The Sunday Times that Harry's forthcoming memoir is “tough on William in particular”. They also explained that while King Charles “comes out of it better than I had expected”, the same cannot be said for the Prince of Wales. DON'T MISS...King Charles is waiting for Meghan and Harry to 'destroy themselves' [INSIGHT]1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton unrecognisable after transformation [LATEST]Escape to the Chateau's Dick Strawbridge tells wife 'to go' [WATCH] “Generally, I think the book [will be] worse for them than the Royal Family is expecting. Everything is laid bare. "Charles comes out of it better than I had expected, but it’s tough on William, in particular, and even Kate gets a bit of a broadside. "There are these minute details and a description of the fight between the brothers. I personally can’t see how Harry and William will be able to reconcile after this." As well as the book, Harry is also set to make a 60-minute interview ahead of the release with Anderson Cooper on CBS News. According to The Sun, Harry is understood to have already recorded the TV interview about his biography with ITV News at Ten’s Tom Bradby. The memoir will not help his relationship with William, but it is understood that King Charles is still keen to keep a line of communication open with Harry. "Whether Prince William would be so receptive is another question," a source told Mail Online. "Things are hanging by a thread as it is after the past few months, and from the sounds of it Harry's memoir is unlikely to help." Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays from 6am on GB News.