Elena Rybakina hit back at “disturbing comments” made about her coach Stefano Vukov following her run to the Australian Open final. It comes after former pro-turned-coach Pam Shriver took to Twitter to call on the 23-year-old to find a new coach that “speaks and treats her with respect” but the Wimbledon champion has now blasted claims that he was disrespectful as “fake news”. Rybakina reached her second Grand Slam final in less than seven months at the Australian Open where she fell to Aryna Sabalenka 4-6 6-3 6-4. The Kazakh was still left feeling full of confidence after her run to the championship match and will finally enter the top 10 on Monday after winning Wimbledon last year when the WTA and ATP stripped the event of ranking points. But attention turned to something other than the match on Saturday as former world No 3 Pam Shriver criticised the Kazakh’s long-time coach Vukov in a tweet, prompting some to join in the calls for Rybakina to fire him. “As I watch Rybakina try to win her second major in 7 months, I hope she finds a coach who speaks and treats her with respect at ALL times and does not ever accept anything less,” she tweeted. And the current world No 25 has now fired back as she slammed what she thought were “disgusting” claims. “After a great AO, I have seen some disturbing comments on social media about the behaviour of my coach Stefano Vukov. I want to clarify any misinterpretations,” she wrote in a lengthy Instagram statement. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic hecklers should be 'kicked out' as Henman slams crowd   “Stefano has believed in me for many years, before anyone else did. We plotted a strategy together in how I could achieve great things and his method shows in my Grand Slam success so far. He is a passionate coach, with a lot of knowledge about tennis. “Unlike people that are making these comments, he has great knowledge about me as a person and as an athlete. Those who know me well, will know that I would never accept a coach that didn’t respect me and all our hard work. I may be quiet on court and in general, but inside me is a competitive athlete that wants to achieve great things and Stefano has helped me greatly in this way. So please disregard any fake news to the contrary.” DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic drops huge hint over injury in Australian Open finalAus Open final crowd to 'anger' Novak Djokovic with Tsitsipas gestureAustralian Open boss sends Wimbledon clear message over Russia ban Shriver is yet to respond to Rybakina’s statement but she hit back on Saturday when another WTA coach - Dmitry Tursunov, who previously worked with Emma Raducanu - slammed her comments. “You really think I would tweet if it was only about gestures? His words, his actions and his manner towards a young player, often are disrespectful and most people have noticed it,” she said of Vukov. And when one fan suggested that Vukov’s behaviour actually benefits Rybakina on the court by making her happy, Shriver replied: "Happy with not being treated respectfully… hmmm not a good pattern for life.” 