In Autumn last year, the complete line-up for the 2023 series of Dancing on Ice was confirmed, allowing plenty of time for the stars to rehearse. With the countdown for the upcoming season officially on, ITV has released the first look at images for this year's Dancing on Ice cast of celebrity contestants and professionals. Last year, the nation watched as Regan Gascoigne was crowned the series winner of 2022. After impressing the judges with his routines throughout the competition, the 26-year-old won the show with his professional skating partner Karina Manta. Now, it’s time to see who will be wowing the judges and audiences at home as a fresh batch of 11 celebrities get ready to start their Dancing on Ice journey. The first episode of the 15th series of the ITV show is set to air on Sunday, January 15 at 6.30pm on ITV1 and ITVX.  READ MORE:Ruth Langsford shares Eamonn Holmes bedroom confession One of the stars taking to the ice this year includes former EastEnders star and DJ Patsy Palmer, who was the first person in the line-up to be revealed. The actress was confirmed to be taking part on This Morning back in October and has since confessed that she’s previously turned away offers to appear on the show as she was terrified. However, she admitted that since turning 50, she’s decided to do things that challenge herself. Joining Patsy on the ice is football legend John Fashanu who has revealed that competing in the ITV show is one of the scariest things he’s signed up for.  Speaking about competing in the upcoming series, he said: “I'm so excited to be a part of Dancing on Ice! I don't think it'll come as a surprise to people that I'm very competitive - I am definitely in it to win it.” Other stars people can expect to see on the ice include Love Island winner Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu, Olympic gymnast Nile Wilson and Drag Queen and TV personality The Vivienne. Former TOWIE star Joey Essex, comedian Darren Harriott, West End star Carley Stenson, singer Michelle Heaton and The Wanted’s Siva Kaneswaran are also all competing. The fifth contestant who was revealed in the line-up was Coronation Street’s Mollie Gallagher, who is best known for playing Nina Lucas in the soap.  DON'T MISS... Loose Women fury over baby remark as show hit with Ofcom complaints [REACTION] EastEnders fans spot key scene ‘exposing’ father of Lily Slater’s baby [SOAP] James Jordan sparks uproar as he defends Ola weight loss comments [VIDEO] Touching on why she wanted to do the popular show, she commented: "I think I’ve not got the best coordination. Anyone who knows me well, knows that. "[Dancing on Ice] involved a lot of coordination. It’s another reason why I wanted to do it.” Joining the stars on the ice this year are the professional skaters with one new addition being thrown into the cast. World-class ice dancer Olivia Smart will be making her debut along with the return of three Dancing on Ice favourites Sylvain Longchambon, Vicky Ogden and Klabera Komini. Fan favourite Matt Evers, who has starred in the show since 2006, will also be making a comeback along with Alexandra Schauman and husband Łukasz Różycki, Mark Hanretty, Brendyn Hatfield, Vanessa Bauer, Tippy Packard and Colin Grafton.  Returning to the judging panel are Jayne Torvill and her long-time professional partner Christopher Dean. The Olympic skaters have been part of the panel since the show was rebooted in 2018 after a four-year break. Joining the duo is dancer Ashley Banjo and former Strictly Come Dancing star Oti Mabuse with hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield back to present the show. Dancing on Ice returns Sunday 15th January, 6:30pm on ITV1 and ITVX 