Everton's woes could continue on transfer deadline day as Sean Dyche faces disappointment at the dawn of his tenure as manager. The Toffees reportedly want to sign Chelsea midfielder Conor Gallagher before the January window shuts as they look to re-invest their recent profits and have made a £45million offer. Dyche would have likely preferred for Anthony Gordon to remain among his squad after replacing Frank Lampard in the Goodison Park dug-out. But the 21-year-old winger completed a switch to Newcastle United on Sunday in a deal worth £40million plus £5m in add-ons. It has given Dyche a chunk of transfer kitty to splash before the clock strikes 11pm on Tuesday, and he has zoned in on his primary target. Reports emerged this afternoon claiming Everton had submitted a £45m bid for Gallagher in the same structure as Gordon's move to Newcastle. But despite Chelsea being willing to cash in at that price after triggering Enzo Fernandez's £105m release clause, the player's stance differs. According to the Mail, Gallagher has no desire to leave west London for Everton, or any club outside of the Premier League's 'big six' for that matter. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE The 22-year-old's reputation burst into life on loan at Crystal Palace last season, thriving in Patrick Viera's midfield at Selhurst Park. He scored eight goals and three assists in the Premier League, and the Eagles have been among the clubs circling this month. The report adds that Everton join Palace, Nottingham Forest and Southampton in enquiring about Gallagher in recent weeks. However, he has no intention of giving up on his dream of making it at Chelsea while he is still in contention to play in Graham Potter's side. DON'T MISS: Jurgen Klopp's view on Liverpool future with surprise exit clause Fernandez's potential arrival from Benfica could spell bad news for his prospects of regular minutes, though, which could play in Everton's favour. But if he stands firm on his current plans, a summer exit is more likely, giving him one season to win over England manager Gareth Southgate ahead of Euro 2024 in Germany. Everton wanted to sign Gallagher under Frank Lampard, but the club's status in a relegation battle over the last two campaigns meant talks were a 'non-starter'. It's likely the same scenario now, with Fernandez possibly the Merseyside outfit's only saving grace in persuading Gallagher to take the plunge. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here