The mother-of-two has been described as “bubbly” and “the bread and butter of the family” in a tribute from her family. Maxine, 54, sent her youngest daughter Taniqa Browne, a loving and rather fitting message, which would be the last she sent. Taniqa, 28, was sent a simple heart emoji from her mum after they had exchanged text messages before her death. When the family had not heard from Maxine for three days, they contacted Staffordshire Police. The officers arrived at Maxine’s home and after hearing no response, they smashed their way in. Speaking to StokeonTrentLive, Taniqa said: “When I knew that the police were smashing the door down, I knew then that she’d gone. “She was peacefully asleep in bed. No struggle, no sign of her knowing, no sign of anything. “The last time she spoke she was absolutely fine. My sister was already on the way. “When she arrived, she could hear me in hysterics, it was confirmed before she’d gone upstairs.” Maxine leaves behind two daughters, Taniqa and Terri-Anne, 35, and her grandchildren Harvey, 10, and Nevaeh, two. Taniqa discussed the experience of going into the room with her older sister to see their mum. She said: “The smell was just the same as our mum’s mum when she passed away. The eerie feeling, the dread, was just confirmed. We were both with each other, we could console each other.” Maxine’s daughter discussed how her mother was about to return to work after being off with “little ailments”. Maxine cared for her mother, Beryl Browne, before beginning work with Changes, Hope Street Homeless Centre, Guardian Care, the Salvation Army, and Brighter Futures. READ MORE: Diabetics to get 'artificial pancreas' to end worry over old tests She worked to support those suffering from addictions, homelessness and mental health issues. Taniqa said: “We’ve got a lot to find out about how she was. She had ailments but she wasn’t ill enough to die. “They were just little ailments, and she was getting back on her feet. She’d prepared everything to go to work the next day. We can’t put anything to it.” Maxine grew up in Stoke with her five siblings and built solid relationships with the people of Stoke-on-Trent. Her youngest daughter said: “She was a character, she had an infectious laugh. The main thing that people will remember her by is that she called everybody ‘Pij’. “She was very straight up, she wouldn’t take no rubbish and you always knew where you stood with her. “Imagine dealing with people with a vulnerable background. You have to have a certain way about you to have people accept help. DON'T MISS:Harry says 'unconscious bias can move into racism' (REVEAL)Trump allies urge ex-POTUS to 'get the f**k out of Mar-a-Lago' (INSIGHT)Prince Harry breaks silence on Susan Hussey after Palace racism row (INSIGHT)