Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has opened up on his team selection for today's showdown with Manchester City, with likes of Harry Maguire, Antony and Lisandro Martinez all benched. The Red Devils go into the game on a run of 11 wins from their last 12 outings. And they'll also be out for revenge, having lost 6-3 to the same opponents at the Etihad Stadium earlier in the campaign. Manchester United have made several surprising calls for today’s match with City at Old Trafford. David De Gea starts in goal, with the Spain international looking to avoid shipping six goals against Pep Guardiola’s side for the third time in his career. Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Raphael Varane, Luke Shaw and Tyrell Malacia make up the club’s back four, with Martinez, Maguire and Victor Lindelof all on the bench. United have gone with four midfielders in Casemiro, Fred, Christian Eriksen and Bruno Fernandes. And, up top, Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial lead the line - with Antony also left among the substitutes. Ten Hag has been asked about his team selection prior to United’s game against their fierce rivals. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big And he’s honed in on his decision to play Fred, who comes into the team at the expense of Antony. “It’s an idea to bring him there,” he said. “So we have a plan with it. They have to make choices and it gives us space then, both in the midfield and in the defensive line.” Regarding Martinez, he said: "Lisandro Martínez didn't play that many games in the last four weeks. Charlton was the first time he played 90 minutes. This is a real, big game. We need him today but we'll see at what point. He can contribute to this back four." On whether he’d make specific plans for Rodri, he added: “Definitely. I think Rodri is the key player for building up. Also I think organising the team, so in our possession we have to attract him. “And in out defending we must be really tight on him and don’t give him the space to play because he will set the temp of the game and have ideas. Then you’re running behind fast.” DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see City boss Guardiola, meanwhile, has praised United and believes they’re on their way back to the top. “They are better. A good run of results, you can see it is an active team - not just reactive - winning,” he said prior to the showdown. “The transitions are something I’ve always liked, United have always been a transition team, but they are able to press high, do the good patterns, they have good build-ups, and Lisandro (Martinez), Luke shaw, Varane, they have incredible assist players, good runners, an overall complete team. “Since I arrived here in England I would say we’re always a little bit better than them but when I saw the squad and I saw the team I said they are good, I’ve always had that feeling, so the period when I arrived with Jose Mourinho the players have always looked good. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “But sometimes you need and you need something. I have the feeling now that United is back like they always have been.” And on whether he was nervous given how his City side lost to Southampton in midweek, Guardiola added: “During the season there are up and downs. “But listen, what I admire most about my team is the desire to win, they go out there and try to deserve it, so it’s not about the Carabao Cup being the problem. It’s about the way we did it. In Premier League we will win, we will win, next season, so you cannot win all the time, but it’s trying to do what you have to do as a team to deserve it. “This is what the people expect for us because in football you lose more than you win. The problem is you have to perform at this club, at Man City, like at United, you have to play every game at your very best.”