Manchester United are among a collection of Premier League sides to have held talks with Denzel Dumfries' representatives over the past few days, although reports suggest that they will have to pay a hefty transfer sum to get their hands on the Inter Milan star before next week's January deadline. Dumfries' stock has risen dramatically over the past few years, with his impressive output for PSV Eindhoven earning him a move to Inter and his red-hot recent form making him one of the star performers at the Qatar World Cup. The 6ft 2in Dutchman has the physical attributes to play as a centre-back but he thrives on the right when given license to bomb forward. This campaign he has three goal contributions in Serie A, to add to the three he notched for the Netherlands at the World Cup. According to Gazzetta dello Sport, Dumfries' agent, Rafaela Pimenta, has flown in from abroad to hold talks with United, Chelsea and Newcastle. READ MORE: Man Utd transfer news LIVE - Ten Hag eyes new bargain, exit imminent All three clubs are said to be interested in the 26-year-old, who could be deemed expendable by Inter either now or in the summer as part of their effort to balance the books. At the end of the season, it's claimed that a £35million bid could do the trick, but the price to snap him up this month is supposedly set at £44m. None of the trio have bitten at those demands with Chelsea already welcoming a host of new arrivals and pursuing another right-back in Lyon youngster Malo Gusto. United, meanwhile, are short of money to spend in the short term after going over budget during the summer. DON'T MISS...Four huge transfers that may happen before deadline dayErik ten Hag delivers on Man Utd promise as menacing trio sting ForestMan City boss Pep Guardiola faces Kylian Mbappe transfer headache Red Devils boss Erik ten Hag had years to assess Dumfries at close quarters due to his previous role with PSV and lengthy spell in charge of Eredivisie giants Ajax. Inter are yet to receive any formal offers for the full-back at this stage of the window, which suggests that all three interested parties favour waiting until the summer. United were thought to be dead set on signing a new right-back at the turn of the year with Aaron Wan-Bissaka firmly out of favour under Ten Hag. However, the former Crystal Palace youth prospect has performed superbly while filling in for the injured Diogo Dalot, which may have forced the club to shift their priorities around.  "[Wan-Bissaka] is picking up the coaching and he's making good progress from the start of the season to now," Ten Hag explained earlier this month. "He was in a bad situation because he was not fit. He had a lot of injuries, he had a couple of illnesses in the first half of the season before November, but things changed during the break. "He worked well in the training camp and he had some good performances in the games. I think he's making good progress and against Crystal Palace was one of our best players."