According to property experts, a garden including certain features such as a shed, could add as much as 10 percent to your home’s value. According to the latest ONS data, the average UK house price is £295,000, meaning a new summer house or shed could bring the value of your home up by an average of £29,500. There are also various different other ways to boost the value of your home through the garden including water features. Jack Sutcliffe, co-founder of Power Sheds, worked with Martin McCreath, regional director for Your Move Estate Agents, to share the top ways to increase the value of your home. A water feature can be the perfect way to add a relaxing ambience to your garden and give it the potential wow factor for those looking to buy your home. Water features can be added in various different ways, and you don’t always need a pond to include one. Jack said: “From elaborate fountains to a simple pond, the addition of water to a garden can be a big selling point and a simple way to add value to your garden space.” READ MORE: Kitchen pros share five ‘simple’ tips to save money on bills When looking to buy a home, a well-maintained garden with a nice finish is crucial and can help to sell the home. Adding some mature plants can make the garden look complete and also fill any sparse areas in the garden. The expert noted: “This will also add some colour to the space and make it a more attractive proposition rather than a blank canvas. “You can buy almost any plant as a mature one, from evergreen shrubs such as azalea and heather, through to larger statement trees and things like bamboo.” DON'T MISS:Four bathroom decor choices to avoid - can look ‘cheap’ and ‘messy’ [COMMENT]Dry laundry with ‘brilliant’ sheet method - dries in ‘half the time’ [INSIGHT]10 DIY tips when painting to achieve a ‘professional finish’ [EXPLAINER] For many people, a garden overlooked by several houses can turn them off and be a red flag. This means ensuring you have a good quality fence which is quite high can make the garden feel more private and secluded. It can also help the potential buyer imagine relaxing in the space without worry of exposure or people looking. Martin added: “A large, nicely landscaped and private garden will no doubt attract more interest in a property than one without, and having a good fence is a selling point.” READ MORE: Easy banana peel method to ‘provide an advantage’ to rose plants A shed can be a huge bonus for potential buyers as well as being an incredibly useful storage space. Summer houses have also proven to be extremely popular over the last couple of years with people working from home. Jack explained: “A nicely positioned summer house, a large, good quality shed (perhaps that can act as a workshop, mini gym or even a garden pub) can significantly impact prices. “Depending on local market conditions, it could lead the selling price to be up to 10 percent higher.” Creating a stunning garden can be daunting and seem expensive, but it is important it looks the part. This can be helpful when you’re selling your home but also be beneficial to you day-to-day. Sometimes even cleaning away rubbish and debris as well as cutting the lawn can have a huge impact on the way the garden looks. Martin noted: “Gardens are very high on a buyers’ list of priorities, with their presentation, size and position often considered very important when making the final decision to buy so it’s important you make it look as good as possible when looking to sell.”