The death of Lisa Marie Presley was announced overnight by her mother, Priscilla Presley. The star was 54-years-old and was survived by three children. She was not married at the time, but had previously tied the knot with Michael Jackson in 1994. They had not been in a relationship for very long - in fact, Lisa Marie’s marriage to her first husband, Danny Keough, only officially ended 20 days before they wed. While Lisa and MJ’s marriage was short, many said they would not last as long as they did, with Michael even saying this on stage. Paris Jackson, Michael’s daughter, opened up on whether Michael really loved Lisa during their time together.  Paris Jackson was born after Lisa Marie Presley and Michael Jackson broke up, however, has offered insight into her father's relationship. Paris was Michael’s second child with his second wife, Debbie Rowe. Debbie offered her womb to Michael "as a gift", and had two children with him via artificial insemination. They divorced not long after Paris was born, and Debbie gave full custody to Michael as part of their divorce agreement. READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley's heartbreaking final words to Elvis Presley  While Paris may not have been around when Michael was married to Lisa Marie, she had some interesting insights into whether her father really did love Elvis’ daughter. Speaking to Rolling Stone in 2017, she said she was "sure" he loved her, realising it after watching them together in a music video. She said: “In the music video ‘You Are Not Alone,’ I can see how he looked at her, and he was totally whipped.” Paris was not sure he felt the same about her own mother, suggesting it was Debbie who was ‘in love’ with Michael, and not necessarily the other way round. Lisa Marie has talked about how she and Michael got together, and it seems she also believed there was true love there, if only for a short time.  After Lisa Marie and Michael got married, they spent some time in the summer of 1994 at Trump Tower, where their relationship continued to grow. A source told the New York Post in 1994, speaking of Michael and Lisa Marie’s time at Trump Tower: “They hold hands, kiss and cuddle, stare into each other’s eyes and look out at the stars together.” President Donald Trump confirmed this, telling People magazine they had been “holding hands and talking until the wee hours” during their stay with him in 1993. After their wedding, Lisa Marie released a statement where she confirmed her feelings for Michael, saying: “I am very much in love with Michael, I dedicate my life to being his wife. I understand and support him. We both look forward to raising a family and living happy, healthy lives together. We hope friends and fans will understand and respect our privacy.” At the MTV Video Music Awards in 1994, Michael even took Lisa Marie on stage to show their love, kissing her in front of everyone. He said: “Welcome to the MTV Video Music Awards. I’m very happy to be here and just think, nobody thought this would last.” They then embraced and kissed on stage, and the crowd went wild before they walked off stage, with Lisa Marie’s arm around Michael’s waist.   The couple engaged in some joint interviews, like on ABC News's Primetime Live with Diane Sawyer in 1995 where they once again declared their love for each other. In the interview, Lisa Marie even defended Michael against the allegations of child abuse which were circulating at the time. The couple then, as Paris mentioned, appeared together in his video for You Are Not Alone, which came out in 1995. In the video, they were dressed in cloth, with Lisa Marie appearing nude for much of the video, laughing and smiling together. However, their relationship did not last much longer and ended in divorce in 1996 after they cited "irreconcilable differences".  