Prince Harry has been branded a "complete pariah" outside of "liberal elite circles" in the US following the "spiteful" attacks against the Royal Family in his bombshell book. The Duke of Sussex's hotly-anticipated memoir, Spare, will be officially released on Tuesday but several extracts from the book have leaked - and it contains several stunning claims against the Royal Family. This comes after Harry and Meghan Markle's bombshell Netflix documentary series last month and before the duke's interviews on Good Morning America (GMA) and ITV are broadcast over the next two days. In a teaser clip shared by GMA of their chat, the duke says: "I don't think that we can ever have peace with my family unless the truth is out there." Nile Gardiner, a Royal Family enthusiast and Washington-based foreign policy expert, has responded y launching a furious attack against Harry. He tweeted: "The truth is that Prince Harry hates his own family and has turned his back on the British people. "He has thrown the Royal Family under the bus for millions of dollars in royalties out of sheer selfishness and spite. Outside of liberal elite circles in the US, he is a complete pariah." In a separate furious outburst, Mr Gardiner also claimed Harry and Meghan must now be stripped of their Duke and Duchess of Sussex titles following their "vicious campaign against the Royal Family". He went onto accuse the couple of a "betrayal of the British people" and claimed they are now "the most unpopular and distrusted couple in the modern history of the British Monarchy". The Royal Family enthusiast raged on Twitter: "Prince Harry and Meghan Markle do not deserve to carry Royal titles. Their vicious campaign against the Royal Family is a betrayal of the British people. "They have become the most unpopular and distrusted couple in the modern history of the British monarchy." READ MORE: Charlotte 'burst into tears' over bridesmaid row with Kate and Meghan In a further blow for the Duke of Sussex, a new poll has suggested both his and Meghan's popularity among the British public has dramatically slumped over recent weeks. At the end of November, polling from Redfield and Wilton of 1,500 adults for The Spectator showed 45 percent had a "favourable" or "very favourable" view of Harry versus 29 percent who said it was "unfavourable" or "very unfavourable". But at the beginning of January, only 30 percent said they had a "very favourable" or "favourable" view of the prince compared to 45 percent who think the opposite. Meghan's popularity has also plunged. Less than two months ago, 36 per cent of the public had a positive view of her versus 38 percent who thought negatively of her. However since the Netflix documentary series, those figures have plummeted to 23 percent and 52 percent respectively. DON'T MISSPrince Harry recalls kissing Page 3 girl during 'best nine weeks' [COMMENTS]Prince Harry has 'crossed the line' as US loses support, expert claims [VIDEO]Harry and Meghan accused of using royal titles to 'maximise profits' [INTERVIEW] In his book, Harry claims Prince William physically attacked him, accusing his older brother of grabbing him by the collar, ripping his necklace and knocking him to the floor during a heated argument in 2019. The Duke of Sussex said he landed on a dog's bowl, which cracked under his back, cutting into him. He alleges William urged him to hit back, citing fights they had in their younger years, but Harry refused and his sibling left before returning and apologising. Harry claims William and his then-girlfriend Kate Middleton encouraged him to wear a Nazi uniform to a fancy dress party in 2005. The move sparked outrage after a photo appeared on the front page of a national newspaper. He claims that he and William told their father Charles they would welcome the now-Queen Consort into the family but only if he didn't marry her. Harry alleges his father did not respond to their pleas. The King also reportedly refused to allow Meghan to join him at Balmoral as The Queen was dying in September. Harry said to his father: "Don't ever speak about my wife that way," according to The Daily Telegraph. Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace have both declined to comment on any of the claims made by the Duke of Sussex in his book.