Arsenal have cooled their interest in Leicester star Youri Tielemans, according to reports. The Gunners are unlikely to pursue the Belgian in this window once the Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer saga comes to an end. Tielemans was linked with a move to Arsenal throughout 2022. He is out of contract at Leicester at the end of the season and therefore could soon be available on a free transfer. Leicester may have considered selling the 25-year-old for a reduced price this month in order to prevent him from leaving for nothing in the summer. However, it doesn't appear as though he will be moving to the Emirates. Football.london claims Arsenal are not set to make a move for him inside the next four weeks. The report adds that a deal was never close despite strong rumours last summer. Tielemans has widely been reported to be open to a move to north London and has rejected any offers of a renewal to his Leicester contract. Newcastle have also been linked with his signature. READ MORE: David Gold dead: West Ham joint owner dies at the age of 86  Arsenal are instead focusing their attention on signing Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mudryk. The Gunners are set to have their second bid rejected for the Ukraine star. Chelsea are also keen on Mudryk and will hold talks with Shakhtar this week. But it appears they won't pursue Tielemans, even once Mudryk's future is finalised. Tielemans has remained a regular for Leicester this season despite his contract situation. He has often skippered the Foxes and has featured in all 18 of their league matches, starting 16 of them. Manager Brendan Rodgers has always praised the player's attitude despite speculation over his future. And he did so again this week ahead of the 1-0 loss to Fulham on Tuesday. DON'T MISSNeville explains advantage Man Utd have over Arsenal in title race after winMan Utd owners the Glazers may make U-turn and allow bonus signingTottenham missed trick with £35m Newcastle signing after Arsenal showing  Rodgers said of Tielemans: "It has gone on for a while, but it's all based around the player, ultimately. His commitment is no less now to what it was when I first came in - if not even more. "He's loved his time here and is still loving his time here. I respect that he's in his last year, of course I want to tie him down. "He's been a brilliant player for this club and is still at a great age. It's something that has to be right for all parties. Until I'm told he's not here, we work very well together. "He's a coach's dream, with his professionalism and view of the game. Nothing changes for me in that aspect, we just continue to hopefully find a resolution to it and have him sign here. I think it's one where we want to do everything we can to convince him to stay."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here