Tommy Fury has been told he ‘won’t win a round’ against Jake Paul by UFC legend Chael Sonnen. The fighter-turned-pundit doesn’t think the bout will be close and believes Paul’s self-belief will be a decisive factor in the result. On Friday, it was officially announced that Paul vs Fury would be booked for a third time following two failed attempts at making it happen. Ahead of their initial fight date in December 2021, Fury pulled out of the contest after sustaining a broken rib in camp. Then, eight months later, the bout was once again cancelled due to TNT being denied entry to the United States – where the contest was set to take place. However, they are now set to meet each other on February 26 in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia live on BT Sport Box Office. Paul comes in as a strong favourite with most bookies and Sonnen would adamantly agree, giving the Brit little chance of victory over in the Middle East. “I know how this is going to go and so do you guys. They’re going to go back and forth, and Jake is going to kick his a**,” Sonnen said on his YouTube channel. “Fury is unlikely to win a single round and we’ll find a way to say Fury isn’t very good and Jake still doesn’t matter.” “I can tell you that Jake believes he’s going to win. Now, please don’t come back and say that all fighters think they’re going to win. No, they don’t. I can’t remember a fight I had where I knew I was going to win.” “Jake believes he’s going to beat Fury and believes it’s not going to be that hard of a fight, he believes that and he's demonstrating that by doing the fight in a month,” he added. Despite Sonnen’s insistence, Tyson Fury’s brother remains confident of upsetting the odds next month. “Jake Paul’s boxing career ends on February 26th and I can finally move on with mine,” said Tommy. “Every time I go out right now, everybody asks me about the Jake Paul fight. After this fight is done, everybody will be asking me how it felt to knock Jake Paul out. "The world is about to see what happens when a proper boxer faces a YouTuber. I am a professional boxer, I have had 8 undefeated bouts, soon to be 9! Jake Paul will regret ever thinking he could take me on. I will put him in his place, the canvas!”