Prince Harry has claimed he knew he was born as a "spare" in case his older brother William needed an organ donation. The brothers were reportedly often referred to as "the heir and the spare" amongst members of the Firm. Writing in his memoir, Harry alleged that it was made "abundantly clear" while he had been growing up that he had been born in case something happened to William and this idea was "regularly reinforced" throughout his life. Harry said: "I was brought into the world in case something happened to Willy." He described his life as a "mission to offer a source of distraction, entertainment and, in case of need, a spare part", such as an organ donation, blood transfusion or bone marrow. The 38-year-old also recounted an anecdote he heard when he was 20 about what his father has supposedly said to his mother after his birth.  King Charles III is alleged to have said to his wife: "Wonderful! You have already given me an heir and a spare; I have done my job." The Duke of Sussex has made a number of disclosures about life as a royal that the family would normally keep private, such as his father's chronic neck and back pain due to playing polo. The Prince of Wales also comes under fire as Harry recalls how the 40-year-old "recoiled" from Meghan Markle's hug when they first met.  READ MORE: Prince Harry spotted leaving The Late Show after downing tequila He admitted the first meeting between William and Meghan was a "collision of cultures". Harry added that he was more nervous for his new girlfriend to meet his big brother than anyone else. He said William answered the door to his and Kate's apartment looking "a bit dressed up" in smart trousers and a shirt.  DON'T MISS:Prince Harry confesses to watching and 'fact-checking' Crown [LATEST]Royal Family 'business as usual’ despite Prince Harry's book release  [SPOTLIGHT]Dan Wootton clashes with guest over Prince Harry memoir 'lies' [INSIGHT] He wrote: "I introduced Meg, who leaned in and gave him a hug, which completely freaked him out. He recoiled." Giving some context to the awkward encounter, Prince Harry said his brother would not normally hug someone he was so unfamiliar with. However, Harry claimed a hug was simply how his now-wife greeted people. Express.co.uk has approached the Duke of Sussex for comment. 