Lisa Marie suffered a cardiac arrest at home on January 12. Despite attempts to revive her by her ex-husband Danny Keough and then doctors, Elvis Presley's only child lost her life later that day. Tributes have flooded in from friends and colleagues, as well as close family. Her mother Priscilla Presley said, "She was the most passionate, strong and loving woman I have ever known." Ginger Alden was engaged to Elvis during his final months and was there the night he died. She posted a beautiful memory this week of their time together with young Lisa Marie. Ginger was the one who ushered nine-year-old Lisa Marie away and comforted her as the ambulance was called on August 16, 1977, when the little girl lost her father. Now that Lisa Marie has also lost her own life, Ginger chose to recall a lovely, tender moment between The King and his child. Ginger wrote on Facebook: "It's not always easy knowing all/what to say in moments sometimes but here goes. As many of us share with extreme saddened hearts today the passing of Elvis's daughter, I wanted to reflect. My time with Lisa Marie was unique for me and special. I grew to care deeply for her and felt the same from her." Ginger added: "We didn't have years together but it was quality time spent for sure when she visited Elvis and me at Graceland as a young child in 77 and was able to join us on some tours and visit with me at my family home. Ginger said: "I remember Lisa coming into Elvis's bedroom one evening, sitting on his bed and as she stared at the television, he tapped me silently behind her. 'She has the same look in her eyes as me,' he said. "That look is not far away from her father's now. I truly wish we could have spoken later in life as I am sure she had many questions. May you rest in peace Lisa. You were loved and will be deeply missed." Previously, Ginger recalled the night Elvis died in her autobiography. She was “paralysed” after finding him on the floor of his bathroom and discovering the star wasn’t breathing. She described Lisa Marie appearing in the doorway while attempts were made to revive him before the emergency services arrived, asking: "What’s wrong with my daddy?" Ginger wrote: "I didn’t want her to see her father like this. 'Nothing Lisa,' I said, turning her away." GINGER ALDEN FACEBOOK