A key element of that change is the fashionable obsession with mental health, where people are continually encouraged to talk about their feelings and seek help over any experiences that distress them. Driven by the assertion that openness is better than restraint, Britain is increasingly following the example of the US in the creation of a vast therapeutic and counselling industry, headed by professionals with a vested interest in whipping up fears about a mental health crisis, claiming the solution lies in their dialogue with clients. Across much of the Western world, belief in therapy has become a kind of quasi-religious faith. Trained psycho-logical experts are the new secular priesthood, able to wash away our troubles through a series of confessionals. But there is little hard evidence that this approach works. Far from building a more contented society, the relentless focus on mental health seems to worsen unhappiness. The World Health Organisation says 35 to 50 per cent of people in the West suffer from depression and anxiety. Tellingly, in institutions such as universities, which trumpet their devotion to this cause, the problem is worse. A National Union of Students survey found 78 per cent experienced “mental health issues” in the previous year. When practised at their worst, therapy and counselling can be counter-productive because they encourage users to wallow in victimhood, picking at the scabs of their own painful stories, gripped by introspection. That criticism does not stem from ignorance on my part. Several of my relatives have suffered profound mental health problems, while my wife has worked for decades as a highly successful therapist. But the key to her brilliance is in her capacity, through humane insight and creativity, to help her clients to escape the trauma of their pasts rather than be shaped by them. By contrast, Prince Harry is the least convincing possible advertisement for the supposed benefit of therapy, as seen in his wild and vindictive antics over recent days as he publishes his autobiography. Long an advocate of greater mental health awareness, Harry has been involved with the charity Heads Together and praised techniques such as Emotional Guided Meditation and Eye Movement Desensitisation and Reprocessing (EMDR), where the eyes are moved in a specific way as traumatic memories are recalled. But his descent into American psychobabble has patently only fed his jealousy, rage, egomania and sense of grievance. Rather than making him more balanced, therapy appears to have been a catalyst for his rampant narcissism. Author Joe Navarro wrote of the “wound collector”, driven by “animosity and vengeance”, who gathers “social slights, unfair treatment and wrongs, real and imagined”. It is the perfect description of the peevish, petulant prince. In a US magazine interview, Harry claims he has reached a “happy place” thanks to therapy. But that is just self-deceit. No one who is truly contented could trash his family like he has or betray secrets for cash. Therapy has not only reinforced his darkest traits – like self-entitlement and lack of empathy – but has provided a spurious justification for his actions, as when he argued that his notorious claim about killing 25 Taliban fighters was part of his “healing” journey. In his book, Harry records how his elder brother was concerned that, after falling for Meghan, he was “being brainwashed by therapy”. William was right to be worried. Through his time on the therapeutic couch, Harry has been transformed from a lovable rascal into a preachy, entitled bore, devoid of humour or insight, and unable to stand the slightest criticism, as shown in his flashes of anger on ITV, when Tom Bradby dared to challenge some aspects of his self-serving account. The same is happening on a bigger scale across our society. As the entire human condition is medicalised by the practitioners of talk, so our citizenry is becoming more infantilised and less resilient. Britain came through the Blitz defiant and unbroken, yet now some mental health campaigners seem to see feebleness as a badge of honour. Indeed, the phenomenal early sales of Harry’s book show how deeply this courage-sapping rot has penetrated our culture.