Bathrooms aren't the easiest place to renovate, with everything from plumbing to mould-prone surfaces to consider when looking to update a tired-looking space. Hiring professional help is one way to achieve a high-quality finish, but it's not always worth the cost, or the long wait when you can easily do it yourself. Property experts have shared exactly how to freshen up your bathroom with paint, including the most effective DIY hacks to make the job easier.  Painting a bedroom or hallway is a straightforward project for most DIYers, making it easy to get a good payoff with minimum effort. Bathrooms on the other hand are a bit different. Their typically small size and heavy use mean that for beautiful results, it is important to pay special attention to all aspects of the task, not just the final touches. According to Ollie Lyon, a self-trained DIY expert at Plumbworld, this largely comes down to good preparation. He said: "The first step in any painting job is to prepare the surfaces. It cannot be stressed enough how important this is, as a few hours getting the surfaces right will mean less chance of the paint peeling in the months to come." Though it can be tedious to work around various fittings already in the room, it is easily done in just four simple steps. READ MORE: Mum uses 2 methods to stop condensation and 'the results are amazing' As with most household painting tasks, covering nearby objects and surfaces is essential to avoid any mishaps - particularly on stainless steel which can be difficult to scrub clean without leaving scratches. Dust sheets or even plastic bags are all you need to protect bathroom fittings before getting stuck in scraping off any old paint from the walls. Once this is done, set some time aside to fill in any holes or cracks with a purpose-made filler tailored to bathrooms. DON'T MISS:‘Rule’ to achieve a ‘professional’ look when painting any room in home [REVEAL]‘Easy and effective’ DIY mouse traps using ‘household scraps’ [TIPS]Nine ‘cheap but clever’ improvements to add value to your home [INSIGHT] There are plenty of options when it comes to choosing the perfect paint for your bathroom, even more so if the room is well-ventilated and does not suffer from damp or mould. According to the DIY expert, flat or eggshell paints are "not suitable for bathrooms" as they are not washable, though if you're looking for a matt finish, there are more bathroom-specific formulas to choose from. READ MORE: Five commonly ‘botched’ DIY jobs to avoid at home He recommended semi-gloss finishes for most bathrooms as they have a high sheen and will "repel moisture", or satin paint for areas that are not prone to dampness or mould. Ollie noted that high gloss is considered to be "the best paint for bathrooms" because it is the "best repellent of water" and is well-suited to problematic spaces. Creating a professional finish is down to making clean lines as well as starting with a clean, smooth surface. To do this, use masking tape to separate the wall from the ceiling, trim, bath surround, backsplash, and other areas that will not be painted. Once this is done, use a two-inch sash brush to paint up against the tape strips in all areas. It is important to keep the brush fairly dry to avoid drips.  A larger paint roller is the quickest way to fill in the gaps after marking out the borders. Pour the paint into a tray and generously dip the roller cover into it. Roll thoroughly on the upper area of the paint tray before painting the wall. For an even finish, use angled strokes that roughly make a "W" shape and fill in the blanks. Leave the first coat for at least two hours and repeat the border painting followed by the roller application. When the second coat has dried completely, remove the tape, drop cloths and replace any accessories you removed beforehand.