Everton have reportedly made a £25million for Udinese striker Beto as they look to bolster new boss Sean Dyche’s squad on transfer deadline day. The Toffees have money to spend after selling Anthony Gordon to Newcastle for an initial £40m and are attempting to give Dyche the tools in order to avoid relegation this season. TuttoMercatoWeb have claimed that Everton have made a £25m proposal for the Brazilian striker, with £22m up front and a further £3m in add-ons in an attempt to sign him before the deadline closes on Tuesday at 11pm. Only Wolves have scored fewer Premier League goals than the Toffees so far this season and Dyche has been renowned for being able to stabilise defences, he will need help and more firepower to get Everton back up the table. Dominic Calvert-Lewin has managed just eight league starts this campaign after an injury-ravaged year and has just the one goal, while Neal Maupay was signed in the summer to help fill the gap left by Richarlison’s exit to Tottenham and has struggled to hit the ground running with also just the sole league goal under former boss Frank Lampard. Dyche has admitted he is hoping to bring in several players before the window closes. “Yeah, of course,” he told EvertonTV on Monday when asked if he was working with the club’s hierarchy on potential incomings. “When I got the great news from the chairman and owner about becoming manager, I was really pleased about that obviously, but straight away working with Kevin (Thelwell) about the lists, the players. We’ve already had a look at some and we will be meeting again today about what is there, what we can affect.” DON'T MISS...Transfer deadline day deal sheet - What is a deal sheetTottenham may have been given huge Porro favour by ex-Arsenal starTottenham target Porro 'distraught' as deal at risk over £2.6m dispute  While former Tottenham and England goalkeeper Paul Robinson has urged Everton to back Dyche with up to three signings with the money they received from Newcastle for Gordon. They had been linked with a move for Chelsea’s Conor Gallagher, who looks set to remain at Stamford Bridge and Robinson feels that he was not the right move for Everton. “Gallagher doesn’t strike me as a Sean Dyche player,” Robinson told Football Insider. “Dyche is going to be given money because they managed to sell Gordon for a decent fee. I think they got a very good price for him. Gordon has not yet hit the heights that are expected of him. He is not at the top-class level yet so I think that is very good business for Everton considering their Financial Fair Play position. “I do not think we will see Everton make one, big statement signing. Knowing Sean and having worked with Sean, I think he will sign two or three players he can rely on between now and the end of the season rather than one statement signing.”