With Thanos' defeat in Avengers: Endgame, so the MCU’s Infinity Saga came to an end. As the franchise continues, a new storyline has begun called the Multiverse Saga, which makes up Marvel Phases 4-6. Phase 5 is about to kick off next month with Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania, which is set to be as crucial going forwards into Avengers: The Kang Dynasty and Avengers: Secret Wars, as Captain America: Civil War was for Avengers: Infinity War and Avengers Endgame. This isn’t just Ant-Man 3, but the introduction of the MCU’s next big bad, Kang the Conqueror. Ant-Man 3 kicks off after the events of Avengers: Endgame, which Scott Lang proved to be vital in thanks to the Quantum Realm’s access to time travel. In the new MCU movie, he and his family will be sucked back into the Microverse where they come face to face with Kang the Conqueror. The villain clearly wants to make a Faustian bargain with Ant-Man, who missed out on five years of watching his daughter Cassie Lang grow up. However, Janet van Dyne warns him not to trust the man who will be showing up a lot in the franchise’s future in the guise of his various variants from across the multiverse. Paul Rudd stars once again as Scott Lang aka Ant-Man, opposite his partner Hope van Dyne aka The Wasp, played by Evangeline Lilly. They’re joined by the latter’s parents Hank Pym and Janet van Dyne, played by Michael Douglas and Michelle Pfeiffer. Joining the cast is Kathryn Newton as 18-year-old Cassie Lang, Scott’s daughter, who replaced Emma Fuhrmann in Avengers: Endgame and Abby Ryder Fortson in the first two Ant-Man movies. Jonathan Majors plays Kang the Conqueror, a time-travelling despot from 1000 years in the future. In Marvel Comics his real name is Nathaniel Richards, a descendant of Reed Richards aka Mr Fantastic of the Fantastic Four. The MCU’s new Thanos-level villain is bent on conquering different time periods across the multiverse and has multiple variants – some evil like him and some who are good and seek to help the Avengers foil his plans. The actor previously played one of the latter, known as He Who Remains, in the final episode of Disney+ show Loki. It turns out this variant had created the Time Variance Authority to police the MCU’s Sacred Timeline. However, as we fans witnessed in the closing shot, Kang himself had taken over. READ MORE: Marvel – Huge MCU leak details Robert Downey Jr, Hugh Jackman return Corey Stoll previously played the first Ant-Man movie’s villain Darren Cross aka Yellowjacket, who was thought dead. However, he’s reprising his role as his character has survived in the Quantum Realm for the past eight years as comics' baddie MODOK, a mutated cybernetically enhanced being with an oversized head. Meanwhile, Bill Murray joins the cast as Lord Krylar, the governor of the lavish Axia community within the Quantum Realm. He has a history with Janet, who spent decades stuck in the Microverse before being freed in Ant-Man and the Wasp. Additionally, supporting cast members of the first two Ant-Man movies are back. They include David Dastmalchian as Veb (he previously played Kurt), Randall Park as FBI agent Jimmy Woo and Gregg Turkington as Baskin-Robbins store manager Dale. DON'T MISSNext James Bond – The major Marvel star backed by Adele [NEXT BOND]Marvel DC crossover 'now more likely than ever' after amazing news [MARVEL/DC]Avengers Secret Wars – Wesley Snipes ‘reprising Blade’ in MCU epic [RUMOUR] Yes, there’s a teaser and full trailer for the movie which are included above in this article. Ant-Man and the Wasp Quantumania hits cinemas on February 17, 2023.