Allan Saint-Maximin is the type of player who could thrive at Arsenal or Tottenham, claims ex-Spurs striker Louis Saha. Saint-Maximin has been linked with a move away from Newcastle due to a lack of game time of late. Newcastle are flying high near the top of the Premier League. They are also one step away from reaching the Carabao Cup final. But Saint-Maximin has had nowhere near the impact he would have wished for this season. The Frenchman has made just four starts in the Premier League, with eight appearances off the bench. He has been hampered by injury problems throughout the campaign so far. But even when he has been fit, he has often been used as a substitute by Eddie Howe. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Newcastle boss Howe has insisted Saint-Maximin is not for sale. But Saha believes a late January move could have done the player good. Saha reckons Premier League leaders Arsenal and north London rivals Tottenham could have been good destinations for the 25-year-old. Arsenal have signed a winger, bringing in Leandro Trossard from Brighton, while Spurs signed Dutch forward Arnaut Danjuma last week. Saha told GGRecon: "All young players should see how quick football goes. It’s unbelievable because last season Saint-Maximin was unreal and nobody would have been thinking about the prospect of Newcastle selling him. "He’s been unlucky this season with injuries, but he’s a top player and he could potentially find a move to one of the ‘big six’ clubs. I could see Arsenal or Tottenham having a player of Saint-Maximin’s quality and style." DON'T MISS:Everton shift focus onto £18m move after being knocked back on two offersMan Utd 'on the verge' of signing Sabitzer in deadline day U-turn  Saint Maximin joined Newcastle from Nice in 2019. He became a fan favourite at St James' Park during the final years of Mike Ashley's reign as owner and played a key part in the renaissance under Howe in the second half of last season following the Saudi Arabian-backed takeover. He still has three-and-a-half years remaining on his contract in the north east. Howe stated this week that the winger would not be leaving before Tuesday's deadline. Howe said: "Absolutely not. He is here to stay, and is an integral part of my team." Saint-Maximin is set to be a part of the Newcastle squad to play Southampton in the second leg of the Carabao Cup semi-final on Tuesday. The Magpies lead 1-0 following the first leg at St Mary's a week ago.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here