Barcelona have held talks about signing Marco Asensio on a free transfer this summer, according to reports. And, should a move take place, it would certainly be controversial. Real Madrid players seldom move to the Nou Camp, and vice versa, so it’ll be fascinating to see how the saga plays out. Asensio’s time at Real Madrid is winding down, with the Spain international currently reluctant to sign a new contract at the Bernabeu. And, according to Sport, Barcelona have held talks about landing the 27-year-old on a free at the end of the season. Asensio is said to be unhappy with Real Madrid’s latest contract offer, with the La Liga and Champions League winners of last season aiming to tie him down on reduced terms. And with the player now represented by Jorge Mendes, the Portuguese has been involved in talks that would bring his client to Barcelona. The publication states that while the super-agent is also exploring the possibility of taking Ruben Neves to the Nou Camp, there’s a chance Asensio will follow too. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Barcelona are keen on the idea, especially given how the Real Madrid star wouldn’t cost a transfer fee. As for the player himself, he’s keeping his options open. Asensio has offers to join teams in the Premier League, though no names are mentioned. Arsenal, Manchester United and Liverpool have all been previously linked. The forward did come close to joining Barcelona before, back when he was strutting his stuff for Real Mallorca. That was in 2014 but, with Barca reluctant to cough up the cash, he then proceeded to join Real Madrid instead. There was once a time where Asensio was tipped to be the brightest talent in Spanish football and the future of Carlo Ancelotti’s side. Yet he’s never quite kicked on and it’ll be fascinating to see what happens in the coming weeks ahead. Bernd Schuster, Michael Lautre, Luis Enrique, Luis Figo and Javier Saviola have all played for both teams over the years. But Asensio joining Barcelona would be especially controversial given all he’s won during his time at the Bernabeu. Speaking recently, meanwhile, Asensio made it clear that he’d prefer to stay at Real. “Things are being discussed, we’ll see where it goes,” said the attacker, who has scored once and clocked up three assists from 12 La Liga games this term. “I’m focused on myself and the next game. I hope everything comes to fruition. “I want to renew and be at Madrid for a long time, but it’s not something that depends only on me. “For me the most important thing is the sporting side and being happy.” And, when quizzed directly on a potential move to Barcelona back in September, the forward said: "Honestly, I don't know. "I have not thought about it or weighed it up. I can't give an answer right now. "[The speculation] is normal. In seven months, well, from January, I am free to sign for another club. A lot more will come out. "I had 200 messages this morning [regarding the Barcelona speculation]. I am in a world where there are a lot of rumours, I can't control that."