I will rail against prandial imprisonment by my supermarket “favourites”. A delivery does not have to mean unpacking the same tired and predictable comestibles each week. A dollop of time duly deployed could unleash unexpected gastronomic excursions. Farewell to inevitable Cheddar and inescapable baked beans. Hello, hitherto untasted cheeses and vegetables beyond carrots and cabbage. I promise to exact maximum value from the matching, monogrammed, family Christmas pyjamas. There’ll be no stowing away the festive nightwear till next December. I intend to rock out the cosy and jolly yuletide garb until mid-spring at least and prevail upon my fiancé Ben to be Tweedledee to my Tweedledum and pleasingly matchy-matchy. No longer will the most charmingly disarming photos of my four picturesque grandchildren remain confined to the recesses of a remote internet “cloud”. I will do whatever it takes to print out the images, frame them flatteringly, and arrange them in ascending order of age upon the pianoforte. OK, the baby-grand went years ago. I’ll display the pictures on the mantelpiece to enchant all unsuspecting visitors. I intend to learn to love my solar panels. Having paid through the proverbial to have the things installed, I must now get the hang of boiling the kettle at dawn and running the washing machine at midnight to make best use of them. The whole painful procedure will be pointless if I fail to master the art of wringing “free” energy from rays provided gratis by the Almighty. If it means setting the alarm to have a bath at 4am, so be it. I must not succumb to pressure to turn on my comments on Instagram. I’ve acquired 235,000 followers in one year and adore every single one of them but a vocal few are aggrieved at being prevented from opining whenever they feel the urge. Social media veterans tell me once the floodgates open I will be Pandora and their venting will never again be bunged back in its box. You may think I’m awful but there’s no chance whatsoever I’m going to let you tell me so. I am determined to buy a middle-sized birdhouse and turn it into one of those sweet little free libraries and nail it to my front wall. I’ve long passed the phase of wanting to keep every book I read forever and stick it on a custom-crafted shelf so guests can marvel at my breadth of literary exploration. Now I’m fixated on saving my children from decades of car boot sales after my demise and would rather pass on books to saga-starved strangers than hang on to them. So passionate is my addiction to watching people I have never met reviving defunct chests of drawers with tender sanding, filling, filing, and repainting, that it’s high time I stopped being a voyeur and roared into upcycling, staple gun at the ready. In 2022 I rescued a suite of chaise longues from a skip and saved a table from the dump. In 2023 I am poised to transform sows’ ears into silk purses. I’ve had it with haters. I think this one’s simple really. Spend time with folk and ask yourself how you feel on the way home. If you’re buoyed up, entertained, fizzing with quality gossip and looking forward to munching the shepherd’s pie they gave you in Tupperware, they are fab friends, lifelong keepers and should make the final cut. If on the other hand, you feel miserable, older, fatter and with your perkiness pulverised, consider excision. Life is too short to waste on downers. Never dismantle the Christmas lights. Everything is prettier with a little sparkle. My twinkly banisters are a daily dose of joy. I’m not bundling them in a box in the attic. Fiat lux – let there be light! Don’t bow to convention and troop back to the nail salon. One of the most beguiling benefits of Covid for me was being banned from the boredom and cost of sitting, fingers splayed for an hour-and-a-half every three weeks, having pretend nails affixed to my own, then painted blood red. My real nails are fine, not spectacular, not Hollywood talons but perfectly adequate. Even for best, even for TV, even for my own birthday party, they can be lightly rounded by me with an emery board and stay that way. Sleepovers with the grandchildren are to be engraved upon the calendar, commandment-style. The older two are seven and nine. They are proficient sleepers. This is the moment for midnight feasts and breakfasts in bed chez Feltz Towers. Games of “I Spy” might kick off somewhat promptly at 7am but frankly there’s nothing else I’d rather be doing. Spend even more time in beloved East Cork. I’ve found my earthly slice of paradise. Let others channel their inner Vasco da Gama and circumnavigate the globe if they fancy. I relish the whirling Atlantic, friendly faces and toothsome fare in the lovely larder of Ireland. Flirting with the “other half” is more worthwhile than lecturing him. We all have shortcomings. Talking about them is profitless. Rev up the sauciness instead. Think of something I have always wanted to do and do it. My mother died at 57 yearning to see Monet’s garden at Giverny. It’s only a few hours from London but she never made it. I felt that way about the Bosphorus. So I went. When I find something I’m aching to do, I’ll damn well do it. I hope you will too. Good luck with your own resolutions, whether trivial, transformative or tremendous. Anything that cheers you up is worth having a bash at, and doing something badly is always better than not bothering at all. Wishing you and yours a very happy and healthy 2023. Lots of love, Vanessa