Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg will face new opposition on the Extreme E grid with legendary DJ Carl Cox joining the series. The new Carl Cox Motorsport team will make its debut at the first event of season three in Saudi Arabia this March. Hamilton and Rosberg have fielded teams in the off-road rally series since it launched back in 2021. The pair's teams are title favourites on the grid with both ex-Mercedes stars winning one world championship each. Rosberg X Racing won the 2020 crown despite finishing level on points with drivers from Hamilton’s Team X44. However, Hamilton’s drivers, featuring rally star Sebastian Loeb and Cristina Gutierrez, topped the 2021 standings despite winning only one race. Announcing his entry, Cox said: “I’m here to make a difference. To have the opportunity to be part of something so dynamic on four wheels is a dream come true. Racing, like music, is in my blood and I’m going to bring my passion and energy into this series and build something special. READ MORE: Mercedes tease 'F1 drama kicking off' after Lewis Hamilton post lewis hamilton “Participating in electric racing is new to me but I’m a fast learner and will bring my hard-earned know-how and experience into the mix at Extreme E. Carl Cox Motorsport is here to take on all comers and we are going to jump straight in. We are in it to win it.” The series puts drivers against each other in identical off-road machinery over a series of heats and races. The Odyssey 21 machine is manufactured by Spark Racing Technology and has previously featured on BBC’s Top Gear. The 2023 series will consist of five rounds including a trip to Scotland in the middle of May. The championship was put together by Alejandro Agag, the brainchild behind the popular Formula E single-seater series. DON'T MISSHelmut Marko warns of Lewis Hamilton and George Russell 'fear' [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton takes swipe at F1 managers and throws weight behind dad [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton highlights major F1 problem ahead of new season [ANALYSIS] Agag admitted he was thrilled to get Cox on board as part of the championship’s expansion in its third year. He commented: “We are incredibly excited to welcome Carl and his Carl Cox Motorsport Extreme E team to the championship. “We all know Carl for the superstar he is, but beyond his talents in music it is clear his passion for motorsport runs deep. We can’t wait to work with him and his team as we help them on their journey into sustainable racing."