In an exclusive interview with ITV, Prince Harry confessed to using drugs as a teenager as he tried to come to terms with the death of his mother, Princess Diana. He recalled a tabloid editor approaching him saying they would publish a photo of him taking cocaine.  As a black and white image of Harry as a teenager was shown, Tom narrated: “Feeling different, he writes, was the goal. “He was a deeply unhappy 17 year-old boy willing to try almost anything to alter the status quo.” Sitting opposite Harry, Tom remarked: “I think it was an example of the scale of honesty, you don’t seem to hold anything back. “You tell the story of cocaine through this tabloid editor, you said, came to you and said, ‘We’ve got this picture of you taking cocaine.” READ MORE: Charles shrugs off Harry's bombshell interview at Sunday service Harry jumped in to state: “He didn’t come to me, he went to somebody else.” “Okay, but ‘We’re going to release it unless you give us a tell all interview or whatever it was,” Tom continued. “They wanted, and you say you called their bluff, but are you really saying that third in the line to the throne or whatever you were, that you taking a Class A drug is not a matter of public interest? “I think that’s a question people will have. Do you accept that is a matter of public interest for the press?” “I think what’s a matter of public interest is the relationship between the institution with the tabloid media. “That to me, is more public interest than anything else. But myself itself has been put through a blender as such. “So, I think the lines have been blurred so much that public interest is more about the wellbeing of society.” Also in the interview, Harry explained he wanted to reconcile with his family, however he wouldn’t confirm if he would attend his father’s Coronation. “If you are invited to the coronation will you come?” Tom asked. Harry replied: “There’s a lot that can happen between now and then. But, the door is always open. DON'T MISS...Tom Bradby needed ‘long lie down’ after reading Harry’s memoir [LATEST]Prince William and Kate did not get on with ‘successful’ Meghan [INSIGHT]Prince Harry says 'certain members of family are complicit' in leaks [VIDEO] “The ball is in their court. There’s a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they’re willing to sit down and talk about it.” “Do you still believe in the monarchy?” Tom pressed, with Harry confirming: “Yes.” “Do you believe you will play a part in its future?” with the Duke stating: “I don’t know.” Harry also recalled how his brother Prince William and Kate Middleton didn’t get one with his wife from the get-go. When asked what the reason was, he said: "Lots of different reasons ... I had put a lot of hope in the idea that it'd be William and Kate and me and whoever. "I thought the four of us would bring me and William closer together, we could go out and do work together, which I did a lot as the third wheel to them, which was fun at times but also, I guess, slightly awkward at times as well. "I don't think they were ever expecting me to get ... into a relationship with someone like Meghan who had a very successful career." He acknowledged being branded the “Fab Four,” created competition with William and Kate. “The idea of the four of us being together was always a hope for me. Before it was Meghan, whoever it was going to be, I always hoped that the four of us would get on,” he explained. "But very quickly it became Meghan versus Kate. And that, when it plays out so publicly, you can't hide from that, right? “Especially when within my family you have the newspapers laid out pretty much in every single palace and house that is around." Harry: The Interview is available to watch on ITVX now.