Netflix’s popular sequel is set 100 years after the events of the original Vikings drama and has recently returned for its highly anticipated second instalment. Vikings: Valhalla has been confirmed for at least three seasons so far, but how long will it take Harald Sigurdsson (played by Leo Suter) to become the famed king of Norway? The English TV star has opened up on Harald’s evolution and how it could progress in future seasons of the hit medieval drama. Season two dropped on Netflix in its entirety earlier this month and continued the epic quest of Harald, Leif Erikson (Sam Corlett) and Freydis Eiríksdóttir (Frida Gustavsson). This time, Harald and Leif embarked together to Novgorod, whilst Freydis set sail on her own journey to Jomsburg. Although the main trio have split up for season two, Harald remains determined as ever to become the new king of Norway. READ MORE: My 600lb Life's Erica Wall looks unrecognisable in swimsuit snap In fact, the character is based on the historical figure Harald Hardrada, who did indeed reign over Norway for roughly 20 years in the 11th Century. “That's what he wants,” Suter explained. “It's so clear, and it's such a driving force of his.” Unfortunately, his greatest wish doesn’t quite come to fruition by the end of Valhalla’s second season. Although Harald still has a long way to go before he’s king, he does now have the favour of the Byzantine Emperor Romanos (Nikolai Kinski) after reaching Constantinople. Suter told Looper: “The blinkers are on, and he has to get there. “Over the course of the season, he assembles this ragtag crew to help get him to Constantinople, where he can become a rich man. “His dreams will come true, and he can come back and claim what's his.” The actor certainly seems assured of Harald’s goal, so fans could expect to see him ascending the throne by the end of next season. DON'T MISS:The Last of Us fans 'work out' source of infection outbreak [THEORY]The Handmaid’s Tale star returns to Law and Order SVU [NEWS]The Blacklist’s Amir Arison lands new Apple role [LATEST]  Vikings: Valhalla has yet to be renewed beyond season three, so becoming the king of Norway could be a natural way to end the sequel series. Alternatively, the next season could culminate with a new king of Norway before future seasons cover his trials as the early European monarch. Despite the challenges ahead, Suter is confident Harald will eventually reap the rewards of his arduous quest for the throne. “He's so single-minded and so headstrong, and that's great in some respects,” he added.    “But on the course of this journey, we're seeing the transformation of Harald Sigurdsson [into] Harald Hardrada, which is the nickname for when he was king.” However, the future king still has much to learn on his journey before he has the respect and experience he needs to rule over an entire country. “One of the things he's got to learn is he's got to get the best out of people, and the team has to work together,” Suter added. “Leif reminds him of that when things are going wrong on the river and they're trying to figure out how to cross this waterfall and avoid ice floes. “Every member of that folk crew has to pull their weight, and he has to get that out of them.” Vikings: Valhalla seasons 1-2 are available to stream on Netflix.