Arsenal have reportedly seen a second bid for Moises Caicedo rejected by Brighton. And with the Gunners struggling to land the Ecuador international, it could be time to walk away. Mikel Arteta is determined for the club to make a signing in midfield before the transfer window shuts on Tuesday but, with the clock ticking down, that’s easier said than done. Arsenal have been hoping to land Caicedo over the past few days. And with Thomas Partey suffering a rib injury against Manchester City on Friday, Arteta remains hopeful a reinforcement will be brought in. Right now, however, Caicedo looks a tricky deal to broker. Arsenal have seen two bids for the midfielder rejected and Brighton remain adamant he won’t be going anywhere, despite his desire to leave the Amex Stadium for the Emirates So, with the Arsenal hierarchy now having a choice to make, Express Sport takes a look at four players who would potentially be good alternatives for the club to pursue. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Renato Sanches is a curious case. Dreadful at Swansea when he previously played in the Premier League, he’s since responded by rediscovering his mojo at Lille and Paris Saint-Germain. The Portugal international isn’t a regular over in France, however, and the chance to return to England with Arsenal could hold some appeal. Sanches, on his day, can be one of the best midfielders on the planet - even if he’s prone to injuries and inconsistency. But he’s a player Arsenal should consider, especially given his situation at PSG. Whether the Ligue 1 giants would sell at this late stage of the transfer window, however, remains to be seen. At the start of the month, many were expecting Franck Kessie to leave Barcelona. The La Liga giants had high hopes for the Ivory Coast international when they recruited him from AC Milan on a free transfer back in the summer. Yet Kessie has struggled to shine at the Nou Camp and is behind the likes of Pedri, Gavi, Frenkie de Jong and Sergio Busquets in Xavi’s pecking order. Chelsea and Tottenham have been linked with Kessie over the past month. But Arsenal’s need is arguably greater and the Gunners have a good relationship with Barcelona, having negotiated some big deals with the Catalan giants in previous years. Youri Tielemans has long been a player linked with Arsenal. And with his Leicester contract due to expire at the end of the season, a low bid could be accepted at this late stage. Leicester won’t want to lose Tielemans for nothing, with a new contract at the King Power Stadium currently looking unlikely. Tielemans was keen on moving to Arsenal in the summer, only for Arteta to have other priorities. And he’s a name many Arsenal fans would certainly like to see rock up at their club in the next 24 hours or so. Arsenal previously saw Dani Ceballos impress during his two-year loan spell at the Emirates Stadium. Arteta actually wanted to recruit the midfielder permanently, only for the Spain international to choose to battle it out at Real Madrid for a starting spot instead. But Ceballos has failed to become a regular at the Bernabeu, despite his obvious talent. Right now, there’s nothing to suggest Arsenal would actually go back in for their former midfielder. But given Ceballos’ Premier League experience and the fact he’s played under Arteta before, the Gunners would be wise to put the feelers out.