Firefighters have issued a safety warning to the general public following two incidents in which people encouraged fires while attempting to help. Chiefs shared pictures after two blazes in Newcastle grew fiercer after occupants poured water on the flames. In a public service announcement, they warned the incidents "could have ended in tragedy" after the residents caused an "explosive" reaction. Newcastle Chronicle Live reported that firefighters attended a blaze around 5.04pm on Thursday, January 5, when cooking oil ignited in a hot pan. Occupants at the flat attempted to tackle the fire by pouring water on the flames, but this caused them to spread and damage the home. Tyne and Wear Fire and Rescue Service (TWFS) arrived on the scene approximately four minutes later, but the strengthened blaze had already caused severe damage to the kitchen. A second incident at 8.11pm saw a suspected burst pipe ignite a fuse box at another address, which residents again attempted to remedy themselves with water. READ MORE: Glasgow fishmonger declared ‘hero’ after he caught baby from building And again, the water only caused the flames to spread into a nearby floor cavity. TWFS arrived minutes later and used specialised gear to access the cavity and extinguish the fire. No residents were harmed in either case, but the service is eager to prevent further similar incidents. Officials said that both fires could have had tragic consequences. Representatives explained that some fires are only encouraged with the addition of water, which can cause an "explosive reaction". Steve Burdis, TWFS service delivery group manager, said that in the event of a fire, people should get to safety and call emergency crews. He said crews took "decisive action" and made quick work of the fires at both Newcastle addresses, preventing further damage. He added that the service does not expect the public to "understand how to tackle different kinds of fires", and urged people to leave tackling them with the professionals. Mr Burdis explained that, depending on the type of fire, the way people handle them can have "disastrous" consequences. He said that water added to oil-based flames causes an "explosive reaction" that can place people nearby at "immediate risk of harm". He added that electric fires react similarly to water, causing them to spread "even further". Ultimately, the firefighter said either situation “could have happened to anybody" and that TWFS is "relieved nobody was injured".