Manchester United are reportedly moving fast to seal a big-money deal for Brazilian wonderkid Vitor Roque this summer. The Red Devils have joined Paris Saint-Germain in the hunt for Roque and could trigger the teenage sensation's lofty release clause. Erik ten Hag is keen to strengthen his squad's present and future as he enters the second year of his long-term rebuild at Old Trafford. And United have emerged at the forefront of suitors hoping to secure Roque's signature after bursting onto the scene for Athletico Paranaense. According to Gazzetta dello Sport, United plan to act quickly to fend off rival competition to sign the 17-year-old forward. Ten Hag wants to bolster his attacking depth beyond recruiting a new marquee striker at the end of the season. But United may have to splash £52.5million to lure Roque from his homeland, given that's the value of his Athletico release clause. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE They aren't alone in their interest, though, with PSG also showing concrete interest in the exciting starlet's services. So any pursuit may have to be wrapped up quickly to ensure he doesn't opt for a move to the French capital to play with fellow compatriot Neymar, Kylian Mbappe and Lionel Messi. Ten Hag will be attracted by Roque's versatility, capable of operating as a winger and striker with electrifying pace, surprising strength, and impressive technical ability. He has already made 52 senior appearances for Athletico, registering 13 goals and four assists. Any approach from United could depend on the Brazilian outfit asking for less than his release clause, with that fee representing a monumental risk. DON'T MISS: Conte will 'leave Tottenham' in the summer reports in Italy claim  Over the last decade, the Red Devils have been no strangers to taking a chance on young players in big-money deals. But many haven't worked out, leading to poor results on the pitch and an unwanted financial loss off it, and the priority will likely be on splashing such funds on players ready to make an impact. United are expected to direct most of their budget towards a striker and central midfielder this summer, with Ten Hag also eyeing a goalkeeper, right-back, and left-sided centre-back. But the situation regarding Roque is one to watch as he continues to make waves in South America. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here