Jack Draper showed class as he explained why he didn’t consider retiring to Rafael Nadal during their Australian Open first-round clash despite suffering from severe cramping in the fourth set and struggling to move. The British No 3 explained how he had learned to allow his opponents to earn a win instead of giving up as he also admitted he came to Australia “undercooked” following a viral illness over the off-season. Draper made his Australian Open debut on Monday with one of the toughest draws possible as he faced top seed and reigning champion Nadal. The 21-year-old managed to stay with the Spaniard for most of the match but went away in the fourth and final set and he suffered from cramps that left him barely able to serve, ultimately losing 7-5 2-6 6-4 6-1 after three hours and 41 minutes. Following the match, the world No 38 was asked why he didn’t opt to retire mid-way through the fourth set when he knew he couldn’t move and wouldn’t be able to win another game, and Draper gave a mature response as he explained his ethos against retiring from matches. “No, I feel like if you're maybe 3-1 down or 2-1 down in a fourth set after three and a half hours, the other guy's had to work hard to get in that position,” he started. The Sutton native explained that his opponents deserved to win the match instead of having the score go down to a retirement, adding: “I've learnt over time just don't retire in that situation, like, let them win the match as they probably are going to. Even if I'm in a lot of pain, just get through the match and let him have the win like he should do. Otherwise retirement, you retired, whatever... Just finish the match.” JUST IN: Australian Open star blew off her finger after microwave incident   Draper also admitted that he came into the first part of the season “undercooked” after being left unable to train for five weeks of his seven-week off-season and would now return home to try to get to the bottom of his cramping issues. “Going to this trip in Australia, I was very undercooked, to be honest,” he said. “After last year, I was really excited about doing a good pre-season. It's a good chance to get five weeks of really good training, especially with my new fitness trainer, who is amazing. I had two viral infections so had to be on antibiotics on two occasions. Lost five of those seven weeks.” The 21-year-old still managed to reach his second career tour-level semi-final in Adelaide last week and earned a career-high ranking of No 38 in the world as a result, and added: “Got to be proud of the way I competed in Adelaide and the effort I put in there. Not playing against not great players. These guys are all amazing. If you're not quite on it, you lose at this level, so… I think I surprised myself with where I've been at.” DON'T MISSKyrgios' camp admit he could've played Aus Open as details emergeAustralian Open star causes stir among fans with audacious Nike outfitDjokovic cancels practice session as Australian Open worries grow But Draper was ready to resolve his physical issues - having previously struggled with issues like cramping before his breakthrough 2022 season - and continue rising to the top. “Obviously this physical thing is going to take time. It's going to take patience. But I'm fully aware of that and I'm willing to do everything I can to put myself in a great place moving forward” he added. He also confirmed that the issue was cramping and nothing more, having initially been concerned about an injury strain. “At this point, when I came off, I just wanted to make sure, because I started -- I realise now it's not, but I started having really bad cramp in my rib area, which I thought I maybe strained on court,” he explained. “But I think it's just cramp because it's calmed down pretty quickly. So pretty happy about that. But yeah, I mean, a little bit sore, but I feel okay now.” 