Over the course of a few months, the 27-year-old from Wolverhampton lost a huge five stone thanks to a few changes to her diet and routine. Tarn shared her story with Express.co.uk. Recalling why she decided she wanted to lose weight, Tarn said: "I felt sluggish, depressed and realised that I didn’t feel in control of my entire life, not just in relation to my weight. "I felt self-conscious, all I wore was baggy clothes and shied away from trying anything outside of my comfort zone. When the pandemic hit, I started working from home and I realised that if I don’t try and get my health on track now, I never will." Weighing 14 stone 11 lbs at the time, Tarn kick started her weight loss journey "by taking small steps". "I had tried every method and every diet on the market, but the problem I had was I tried to overhaul my entire lifestyle all at once, and always ended up gaining more than I had lost," she said. "Walking was the first exercise I had ever done and I went from completing no steps to sometimes 30,000 a day. "Working out was always something that I absolutely hated and I didn’t find it fun. I started designing my own workouts with what I really enjoyed and it made it such a fun experience and I ended up looking forward to working out. "I also took a look hard look at my diet and the reasons I was eating. I was eating out of emotion – when I was bored, happy, sad or even angry. "Once I started taking the emotion out of the food I was eating, I started seeing it as fuel for my body. I stopped eating takeaways every day and started craving richer foods like packed salads and protein filled foods." After just three months of her new lifestyle, Tarn lost an impressive three stone. Fast forward another three months and she had lost two stone. Over just six months, she lost a total of five stone. With her new weight came a new outlook on life. Before, Tarn felt "anxious all the time and I had no routine". "I had no structure in my life and that led to me constantly feeling anxiety in all aspects of life, even work," she explained. "I felt like there was nothing I could do to change my weight. I was at such a low point and I realised that if I didn’t address this, it would seriously impact my life and my future. "I constantly had family members telling me that I would never lose weight and people that I knew from school saw me and would ask what happened? It felt horrible." Now, she has a completely different mentality. "I feel amazing. Confident, happy and focused," she said. "I feel really proud as I started an Instagram account to keep me accountable and on my journey to weight loss and it started growing to the point where I started my own business from it. "I now coach other women and in total I have had over 1,200 clients. It is really satisfying to see others hit their goals and see them grow and accomplish so much in their journey." As for maintaining her ideal weight, Tarn explained that she "keeps an eye on my portion sizes and ensures that I get exercise in at least two to three times a week". "This has gone a long way in helping me feel confident and not always focus on what the scales say," she added. "It is so inspiring to see other women on their journey and it always keeps me going when I can see so many amazing people accomplish extraordinary things." Her advice to anyone wanting to lose weight? "The key is to build a new lifestyle, it isn’t just a fad diet – it is your new life. Start small and don’t try to change everything at once as it can be very overwhelming. "It is important to build habits which will last you a lifetime as opposed to just focusing on the now. I would also say, don’t give up – the journey won’t always be linear and easy but once you realise that the number on the scales isn’t the most important thing, it changes everything."