After a disjointed 2022, Novak Djokovic is set for more schedule problems this campaign due his Covid vaccination status. 12 months ago, the former world No.1 was left stranded in an isolation hotel in Melbourne after the Serbian travelled down under to defend his Australian Open title. Despite strict Covid 19 rules, the former world No.1 travelled to Australia in an attempt to compete before eventually being deported in one of the most dramatic weeks in recent tennis history. His problems did not stop in Melbourne though. Throughout the year, the Serbian’s playing schedule was tipped on its head due to him refusing to get vaccinated against the virus, which more often than not was needed to enter tournament-hosting nations. Most notably Djokovic was also unable to travel into the United States. This saw the 35-year-old miss another Grand Slam in the US Open, as well as two of the Tour’s biggest events in the Miami Open and Indian Wells Masters. And with the latter two events approaching in 2023, Djokovic is set to face the same fate. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal's injury diagnosis confirmed as Spaniard learns comeback timeframe This comes after after US authorities opted to extend the requirement for overseas visitors to be fully vaccinated against Covid, leaving the Serbian out once more. Following the decision, it seems the majority of Express Sport readers are in agreement with the decision to extend the Covid rules. In a poll 55.4% of readers revealed they were in agreement with the US extending their restrictions, which would thus deny Djokovic the chance to play in Miami and Indian Wells. The other 44.6% disagreed with the statement. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu sets new injury goal after Australian Open exitNovak Djokovic drops ominous injury update to Australian Open rivalsAustralian Open star accused of 'drawing a penis' on camera lens Despite his banning Stateside, Djokovic is back in action down under, 12 months on from his Australian Open saga. Heading into the tournament as a firm favourite, the Serbian blew away his first round opponent Roberto Carballes Baena, winning 6-3, 6-4 6-0. This set up a second round clash with Enzo Couacaud of France as the former world No.1 continues his search for a 10th Australian Open crown, and a remarkable 22nd Grand Slam title. 