A foreign royal princess who is related to Prince Harry has made a discreet swipe at him as Buckingham Palace continues to remain silent on his attacks against the institution. Princess Marie-Chantal of Greece, married to the Greek Crown Prince Pavlos shared a photograph online which can be interpreted as criticism of Harry’s back-stabbing behaviour. Princess Chantal, whose father-in-law King Constantine died this week, shared a photograph on social media of a bookshop displaying the Prince’s memoir, Spare. The memoir sat next to a novel called How To Kill Your Family by Bella Mackie at a shop in Wiltshire. The Greek Princess, whose family is closely connected to the British Royal Family, left the photo on her social media without a comment and let the photo do the work. King Constantine was Prince William’s godfather and nephew of Prince Philip. READ MORE: Meghan's bridesmaid dress tailor breaks silence on row with Kate  Bert’s Books in Swindon first shared the cheeky photograph, which quickly went viral, on Twitter on Tuesday. "Anyway, we do have some spare copies of Spare if you want one," they wrote in the tweet. In an interview with Newsweek, one of the staff at the shop said: "It wasn’t an accident. "The How to Kill Your Family book was in our window anyway because it was our best-selling book of 2022. DON'T MISS:William and Charles had 'earth-shattering rows' after Camilla marriage [COMMENTS]Harry's TK Maxx claim dismantled as major UK retailer speaks out [REACTION]Harry played rank and file soldier, how they must hate him now [OPINION] "When we were putting Spare out this morning we thought, ‘Oh, let’s put them together, it will be funny.’ "We sold a couple but we weren’t expecting to sell a huge amount anyway because we’re an independent bookshop and we cannot afford to do the discounts everybody else is doing." Prince Harry’s memoir has reportedly sold more than 1.43 million copies so far, which makes the book a record-breaking seller for Penguin Random House. The sales have exceeded the popularity of best-selling books including material written by Barack and Michelle Obama.  The British Royal Family has not responded to any of the many claims in the memoir, although insiders have reportedly said senior royals are furious. Prince William is said to be especially furious that Harry has leaked private conversations as well as the damage he is causing The Firm. One insider told The Mirror that The King and William are "exasperated" and there is "no trust left at all" between the Royal Family and the Duke of Sussex after his recent interviews and memoir release. In Spare, Harry describes the Prince of Wales as his "beloved brother and arch-nemesis".  He details childhood fights with William and more sinister grown-up encounters such as at Kensington Palace in 2019 as well as at Prince Phillip’s funeral. Writing of the Kensington row, Harry wrote: "He [William] set down the water, called me another name, then came at me. It all happened so fast. So very fast. "He grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor." The fight allegedly occurred after William allegedly called Meghan "difficulty", "rude" and "abrasive".