Novak Djokovic and Nick Kyrgios have been booked in for a special exhibition match on the eve of the Australian Open, with the 27-year-old requesting Djokovic's help to "give the fans a show". The charismatic duo went toe-to-toe in last year's Wimbledon final with Djokovic coming out on top. The pair struck up an unlikely friendship in the build-up to the final with Djokovic revealing a fondness for his rival due to his support of the Serbian during his deportation fiasco 12 months ago. Kyrgios and Djokovic had previously not seen eye-to-eye with the Aussie brandishing the 21-time Grand Slam champion a "tool" for beginning his own tour during the Covid-19 pandemic and partying with fellow players. But it seems they've both put that behind them and will now face off in what has been described as an exhibition match “extravaganza". Proceeds from tickets sold for the match at the Rod Laver Arena this Friday will go to charity. Australian Open's Twitter account called the pair "tennis' most famous frenemies" in their announcement of the exhibition. And Kyrgios posted on his Instagram with a message for Djokovic ahead of the match. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  He wrote: "Mhmm let's give them a show my friend." There had been some doubts about Kyrgios' participation in the Australian Open after he pulled out of the United Cup with an ankle injury. But Tennis Australia boss Tiley has been given assurances that Kyrgios will be ready to compete in the first major of the year. And the confirmation that he will play Djokovic in an exhibition just days before the tournament gets underway indicates Kyrgios is ready to go. For Djokovic, the match on Friday will be his first Melbourne Park since his controversial deportation before last year's Australian Open. The 35-year-old's saga ended up being worldwide news with many criticising him for trying to bypass the Covid restrictions.  But Tiley feels Djokovic won't have to worry about any backlash from fans when he makes his return to the Australian Open. “He really enjoyed the experience in South Australia and he was welcomed … he loved it there,” Tiley said. “I love that our fans are sporting fans and are among the most educated and appreciate greatness. They appreciate players like Novak that have won this event nine times. Novak is back and I’m pretty confident that the Melbourne fans – similar to the experience he had in Adelaide – will be just as good.” There will be no men's world No 1 in this year's Australian Open after Carlos Alcaraz withdrew from the tournament. It means Rafael Nadal will take the No 1 seed in the draw with Djokovic set to be the fourth seed. Kyrgios will also be seeded in the men's singles draw, meaning he will avoid any potential clash with Nadal or Djokovic until the third round at the earliest.