Based on the original anthology series on the BBC, Fox’s version of Accused follows a cast of ordinary people facing up to their crimes in court and the events leading up to their sentence. The Blacklist star Megan Boone took the lead in this week’s episode in one of her first TV role since her departure from the NBC drama in 2021. Boone has started afresh on her Instagram page with an exciting update for Fox’s new crime drama. She revealed last week’s season premiere generated one of the network's best ratings ever, and there’s still more to come over the next few weeks. On Tuesday, The Blacklist star shared a poster of her character, Jenny, for the second episode of the season, Ava’s Story. In the caption, she wrote: “I’m back from an ongoing social media sabbatical to share some exciting news. READ MORE: Prince Andrew is 'using 'Harry's attacks' to 'clear his name' “Our @accusedfox premier set a three-year ratings record for network TV last Tuesday, and a new episode airs tonight, my friends. “It’s the one I was so delighted to work on with @themarleematlin in the directors seat for the first time in her boundary-smashing career as a storyteller. Tune in and enjoy!” In her second post, she added a snap of herself with director Marlee Matlin, who made her directorial debut for the episode. After winning the Academy Award for Best Actress for the film Children of a Lesser God, Matlin struggled to find more work in Hollywood due to a lack of roles for deaf performers. More recently she has been a regular presence on hit TV dramas like The West Wing and The L Word and made her big screen comeback in last year’s Best Picture winner, CODA. “@accusedfox is just a few hours away East Coast!” Boone wrote. “Tune in for @themarleematlin directorial debut! Working for her was dreamy!! Big love xx.” The actress also revealed a clip of Matlin directing from behind the scenes of Fox’s latest hit drama. DON'T MISS:The Blacklist casts Grey’s Anatomy star for season 10 [LATEST]1923’s Spencer won’t return to Duttons in harrowing theory [INSIGHT]Michael Douglas shares reaction to wife's Wednesday role [INTERVIEW] Although Boone’s followers are unable to comment on her Instagram posts, her fans were nevertheless thrilled to see her return to screens after the death of her character Liz Keen on The Blacklist. On Twitter, @LoveReality9 said: “Watching the second episode of Accused and WOW I love that Megan Boone is there! I loved her on #TheBlacklist.” And @Music__Mentor wrote: “Good to see Megan Boone back on TV - #AccusedOnFOX. “She was great on @NBCBlacklist. 'Accused' has heavy themes and great stars. See it.” They also paid tribute to the episode’s director, adding: “Dir. @MarleeMatlin - Great ep. tonight. Well done.” Although Boone has made her long-awaited return to screens, there’s sadly a very slim chance of Liz making a comeback on The Blacklist. Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (played by James Spader) also said goodbye to two of his best agents, Aram Mojtabai (Amir Arison) and Alina Park (Laura Sohn) last season, so it’s a whole new world when the drama returns next month. The Blacklist season 10 premieres Sunday, February 26 on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.