After an antagonizing wait, fans will be pleased to see Yellowstone’s spin-off, 1923 will return to Paramount Network in February. Ahead of its comeback, Hollywood legend Harrison Ford reflected on production and opened up about the tortuous weather.  1923 made its highly anticipated premiere last month with millions tuning in to find out more about John Dutton’s (played by Kevin Costner) lineage. As well as the Dutton family backstory, many were eager to see Harrison Ford make his first TV series debut as Jacob Dutton. The Hollywood legend starred alongside acting royalty Helen Mirren who played Jacob’s wife, Cara Dutton. Unlike most modern productions, 1923 was stripped back, filmed on location in Montana with no CGI and provided no relief from the rough wilderness of the Great Plains.  READ MORE: Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive  This included the tortuous winds which Harrison highlighted as a major filming challenge. He remarked: “That wind blowing up our skirts is a real wind." The actor recalled: “We were standing out there doing a scene and the wind was howling. “With the wind chill factor, it was below 21 below zero, it was real,” Harrison added to CBS News.    During the interview, Harrison also reflected on his career and spoke on how he chooses his roles, including that of Jacob Dutton. The 80-year-old shared: “I’ve always gravitated towards those roles in which I play an ordinary person in extraordinary circumstances. “Who finds themselves perhaps behaving in a way they hadn’t anticipated and I think that’s part of the romance in movies. “You can find your place on screen, you can find a character that feels like you and that’s what I’m looking for.” DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly baffled by odd background in Ghislaine Maxwell's cell [INSIGHT]Yellowstone star exposes inspiration behind Sarah and Jamie [INSIGHT]1923 family tree shows how Spencer Dutton is related to John Dutton [INSIGHT]  Harrison continued: “I’m looking for an emotional connection to the audience, I don’t want to put b******t in the way.” Fans were definitely left emotional during episode three after Jacob’s fate was uncertain after he fell victim to Banner Creighton's (Jerome Flynn) evil revenge ploy. While John Sr (James Badge Dale) died from his wounds, Jacob was barely breathing and seemingly used his last words to tell Cara: “Spencer must come home now, get him home.” Thankfully for fans, Jacob survived the ordeal after Cara went into surgical mode while Jacob lay on the kitchen table.   While he barely made it through the nights, Jacob mustered enough energy to tell Cara what to do seeing as he wasn’t able to run the Yellowstone ranch. As they couldn’t let the word of the attack spread, Cara marched into the Cattleman’s Association meeting and announced Jacob has gone to Wyoming to pursue cattle thieves and that the thieves killed Bob Strafford, Elizabeth’s (Michelle Randolph) father. She also requested a “forceful, lawful response” that involves the creation of a police force to keep people in line. However, Banner was waiting outside as he called her a liar and stated: “Your little charade can only last so long." To which Cara responded: “When my charade is over, so are you.”  1923 returns to Paramount Plus and The Paramount Network on Sunday, February 5. 