In a new interview, the broadcaster admitted he'd like to confront Prince Harry and Megan Markle face-to-face for a final showdown. He explained they could all get things "off their chests" but labelling Harry "deluded". The Uncensored presenter has made his feelings about the royal couple clear on numerous occasions. Since the duo began making claims about the Royal Family, Piers fiercely began to oppose them to the point where he left Good Morning Britain. Now, speaking on Spencer Matthews' Big Fish podcast, the broadcaster said it was time to sit down with the pair. "I do think the Duke and Duchess of Sussex would be great for them and for me," he suggested. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes brands Andrew’s silence over Eugenie baby news 'cruel' "I think that would be one of those meetings of minds where we could get it off our chest and move on." Asked if he thinks Prince Harry realises the "damage" he has caused his family, Piers hit back: "No. "I think he's completely deluded, completely deluded, very manipulated. "I mean, they’re as bad as each other, to be honest with you. I think that he genuinely believes he can do all this." The journalist went on: "And then the royal family response will be like any family. "Obviously, 'They've called us these terrible things in a six-part Netflix series and books and podcasts and endless interviews. They've been trashing us for years.' "And of course, the correct response is, 'We're so sorry for what we did to you to make you do this,' when actually I think it's chicken and the egg, isn't it? "I mean, they are the ones doing all the trashing. They're the ones that should be apologising, but I think it's gone too far. DON'T MISS... EastEnders' Jay Brown star pays tribute to 'fantastic' Lola actress [LATEST]Bradley Walsh issues apology as son Barney skips The One Show [VIDEO]The Apprentice's star on 'tough' firing after being 'sidelined' [EXCLUSIVE] "I mean, if it was my family and my family was doing this constantly, we are way past the point of no return, as far as I'm concerned." The 57-year-old continued: "So I don't know what the royal family thinks. "I've got an idea what some of them think, because they've told me, but I think that you’ve probably got a very good idea. "Probably better than me. You could probably call a few people now. "But I just put myself in their shoes. And how would I feel if that was one of my brothers doing this? "I mean, I'd be absolutely incandescent, just the sheer treachery." Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have previously spoken to Oprah Winfrey - would they sit for an interview with Piers? Big Fish with Spencer Matthews is available to listen to now.