 Sue Cleaver, 59, gave her fans a peek behind-the-scenes shortly before she appeared on This Morning last week. Fans flooded the comments section with compliments, as some claimed she had become “unrecognisable” in her transformation.   The Coronation Street star donned a chic ensemble for her appearance on the iconic ITV breakfast show. Still in her dressing room, Sue snapped a quick photo of her outfit, revealing a stylish leather jacket, black shirt and chic black heels, paired with a statement golden locket around her neck. Sue dazzled in a pair of bright green Reiss trousers, which featured a wide-leg cut and elasticated waistband, showing off her new slimmer figure while keeping the actress comfortable. She simply titled the post “getting my glam on” before thanking her stylists for putting together the number. READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' as star admits he 'can't get over' wife's heartbreaking loss  The actress also sported a new hairstyle as her usually curly golden locks were completely straightened out. Sue’s fans were endlessly smitten with the snap, calling her “fabulous”, “stunning”, “sensational” and “gorgeous” among a plethora of other compliments. One even asked: “Is this lady getting younger?” and another reiterated how unrecognisable she was saying: “Who is this woman?” Midway through her transformation process, Sue posted a clip on Instagram introducing her makeup artist for the day, “the lovely Mishel”.     The actress proudly boasted that Mishel was using her own range of makeup and shamelessly punted it. Speaking about Mishel’s concealer, Sue shared: “As a woman of a certain age, it doesn’t sit in your creases! I don’t normally do this sort of stuff but check it out!” Whether it was the makeup or Sue’s extravagant weight loss, fans didn’t notice the “creases” she spoke of and some even questioned if she had undergone some procedures. A fan wrote: “Have you had a facelift?” while another questioned: “What your secret to losing the weight did you have a gastric band and do you now have fillers and Botox?”  Across both posts, fans begged for some insight on how Sue had managed to lose weight, while some kept in mind the star’s most recent ventures. In November, Sue joined the 22nd series of I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here!. She became the third celebrity to exit the jungle, having survived off rice and beans for 16 days and shedding a considerable amount of weight as a result. However, it hasn’t just been her jungle experience prompting the actress to enjoy a healthier lifestyle.  According to The Mirror, Sue’s weight loss journey actually started over a decade ago, after she collapsed on the set of Coronation Street due to complications with her diabetes. By 2019, Sue had dropped three stone and two dress size as she reportedly used a Mediterranean diet to fuel her weight loss. This diet usually consists of a high amount of vegetables, fruits, nuts, cereals, fish and unsaturated fats. Largely the regime focuses on limiting the intake of meat and dairy products and is often recommended for people with type 2 diabetes like Sue.