Prince William and King Charles are "extremely angry" with Prince Harry making any possible reconciliation problematic, the Sussexes' friend Gayle King has revealed. Should William and Meghan accept the invitation to Charles's coronation in May, Oprah Winfrey's best friend reckons the pair will face a "chilly reception" in London. Ms King opened up on Harry's emotions and the aftermath of the release of his memoir and media promotion. The US TV host, who attended Meghan's baby shower in New York, supports the departed royal's decision to speak about his family issues for a reported £28million payday. But Ms King is not blind to the fissures that have opened up following the release of Harry's tell-all memoir. The Sussexes' friend confirmed there was a "major rift", which she hoped would be healed as she claimed love remained between the divided family members. The TV host spoke about the Sussexes on her SiriusXM show Gayle King In The House. READ MORE: Harry's local bookshop has only sold 30 copies of Spare as seller brands it a 'soap opera' The 68-year-old said: "He [Harry] said he still loves his brother and father and is hoping there will be some kind of reconciliation. "But right now, they are extremely angry with him. "They are carrying on with their public events, but I do hope too, there is a kind of reconciliation. "I would love to see reconciliation with the family on both sides because I think they really care about each other. The TV host added: "My heart goes out to Harry and Meghan and I really do applaud them in speaking their truth and telling their story." DON'T MISSAuthorities 'allowed' to Epstein to die, says Ghislaine Maxwell [LATEST]Kamala Harris says 'senseless gun violence has to end' [INSIGHT]Harry's local bookshop has only sold 30 copies of Spare [REPORT] Not everyone in the US shares Ms King's view. Harry's memoir, Spare, contains a number of controversial remarks about the Royal Family that appear to have stirred up resentment for the Sussexes. A recent survey of 2,000 eligible voters in the US found the Duchess of Sussex to be less popular than Queen Consort Camilla following the release of Spare. This finding is telling because Harry's portrayal of his stepmother is highly critical at points. The Duke accuses her of leaking stories about him to fuel her public rehabilitation as she went from "the other woman" in Charles' first marriage to his wife and the Queen Consort. Do you think Prince Harry's memoir, Spare, has changed his relationship with the Royal Family? Share your thoughts in the comments section below The polling gave Meghan a net approval rating of -13 and Camilla -8. Harry also did not fare much better than his wife in the polling.   Harry and Meghan fared worse than King Charles III, Prince William and Kate Middleton too. Not only have the couple's ratings slumped in relation to Camilla's, but their approval rating is at a new low among 18- to 24-year-olds. All told, forty-four percent of Americans said they felt Harry should not have revealed private family conversations in Spare, compared with 26 percent who backed the prince's decision.