If anything, King Charles had so much more pressure on him than Harry, yet his is a story of how to overcome challenges rather than wallow in them. Harry’s sense of being public property from a young age is a recurring theme. His hatred of the constant public attention he attracted whilst growing up will not have been unrecognisable to his father. Unlike Queen Elizabeth, who had 10 relatively carefree years before her father unexpectedly became King in 1936 on the abdication of his older brother King Edward VIII, Charles too was public property from the start. Both Charles and Harry, therefore, felt the early pressure of having to conform to expectations.Princess Diana’s death meant Harry lacked a mother figure from a young age. He writes of his experience being bathed by the matrons at his prep school, and also of his nanny Tiggy, all of who were surrogate mothers.The young Queen Elizabeth’s role as monarch unavoidably separated her from Charles at times. To help in his upbringing, he had a Glaswegian governess named Catherine Peebles and was largely brought up by nannies and his grandmother. Like Harry, King Charles was also sent to boarding school very young, with the hope that he might fit in with the other children instead of growing up with such a strong focus on his royal lineage. Harry also writes of the “shock” of being sent to Eton. He explains that “a heaven for brilliant boys, it could thus only be purgatory for one very unbrilliant boy.” Likewise, Charles felt out of place at his senior school, Gordonstoun, describing his time there as a “prison sentence”.Sent there by his parents to help toughen him up, the school’s Spartan regime was not a good fit for his more sensitive soul – it was a rough and physical place. While Harry found Eton too intellectual and Charles found Gordonstoun too physical, both struggled with a similar sense that they did not fit in.Harry’s book repeatedly describes a tension in his relationship with his father. One senses that he grew up feeling he was a disappointment to Charles, never quite measuring up to expectations. Similarly, Prince Philip was assumed by many to have been disappointed with Charles as a child, perhaps even preferring the personality of his sister, Anne. Charles was helped by Lord Louis Mountbatten, who took him under his wing and provided a shoulder to cry on as well as frequent wise council.Much of Harry’s book explores the grief he experienced as a result of the sudden and violent death of his mother. Though it was different in many ways, Charles’ grief when Lord Mountbatten was suddenly and brutally killed in an IRA terrorist attack deeply psychologically scarred him, too. In some ways, it must have been like losing a parent.The awkward, restrained love Harry describes between him and his father is in stark contrast to the warmth and love he evokes whenever he mentions Diana. It suggests a sense of paternal absence or distance. King Charles may have felt something similar growing up: his own father barely knew him during the first two years of his life. As an officer in the Royal Navy, Prince Philip was posted to Malta in October 1949.Both Charles and Harry seemed to feel their emotional, sensitive side did not fit in easily with the stiff upper lip of their family. And both made efforts to prove their tough, masculine credentials first through sports – polo, rugby, hunting – and then through military service.In the Royal Navy, Charles commanded his own ship at 27, two years younger than his father Prince Philip had. Harry writes of his own proud service in the forces, taking particular glee in outranking his brother at Sandhurst. A large chunk of his memoir is dedicated to his war stories. Harry expresses love and warmth for his grandmother, the late Queen. Though he bristled at having to ask her permission to propose to Meghan, she was clearly a positive figure for him.Charles’ grandmother, too, had a big influence on his personality. A strong character, she acted in some ways as a substitute mother while the Queen spent long periods away on duties. She introduced him to music and art. He once remarked: “my grandmother was the person who taught me to look at things.”The comparisons are endless: Charles and Harry have both dabbled in unexpected religions and philosophies, with Harry consulting an Ayurvedic doctor before Archie was born and Charles praising Islamic theology as well as advocating for alternative medicine. In their younger years, both had a reputation as playboy princes, amid plentiful speculation over when and with whom they would finally settle down.It seems the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree. Despite one of them waiting most of his life to ascend to the throne and the other knowing he never will, these two complex royal figures have far more in common than either might like to admit, and maybe somehow their similarities might help them overcome their differences.