Tyson Fury’s promoter Frank Warren has confirmed that the undisputed fight with Oleksandr Usyk is nearly over the line. The Queensbury Promotions chief says the bout will take place between the end of March and early April with discussions ongoing regarding the exact location. “We’re very far down the road, but there are a couple of things we’ve got to work on. We’re trying to get to a point where we can announce it fairly soon and we all think it’s going to happen,” Warren told talkSPORT. It is understood that organisers are in talks with three Middle Eastern countries about the possibility of hosting the event but with time of the essence, Wembley Stadium has been pencilled in as a backup option. “We’re expecting a couple of offers this week, but none of them have come through and then Tyson has to make his decision,” Warren said. “I hope it’s going to happen at the end of March, early April, that’s where we’re looking at the moment. So, fingers crossed we get it over the line for that date, but it will definitely, definitely happen.” Both parties have been in talks since Fury comfortably turned over Derek Chisora in his voluntary WBC heavyweight title defence last month. The Gypsy King puts up his green strap against Usyk’s WBO, WBA (super), IBF belts in the first undisputed heavyweight unification clash of the four-belt era. According to Fury’s US promoter Bob Arum, Saudi Arabia are the most likely nation to lay host and are set to submit a proposal this week. If the offer matches the fight's valuation, then negotiations will be moved on significantly. “The fighters have agreed to fight,” Arum told Boxing Scene. “I spoke to Frank Warren. We’re giving them until [this] week to come with their offer, which I believe we’ll get. If we don’t, then we’re gonna do the fight at Wembley. And then we’d have to talk about the percentages because Usyk wants 50-50. That’s not right if the fight’s at Wembley because there will be 95,000 Brits at the fight and big Brit pay-per-view money, so Tyson deserves the lion’s share. “But we don’t get to that point if the [investors in Saudi Arabia] come through, because the way they operate is they make deals with each of the fighters. We’ve been led to believe that they’re going to come with a proposal [this] week. I’ll believe it when I see it, but it’s not like they haven’t come through in the past.” 