NCIS Hawaii returned for a second outing in September 2022 with the main cast back for more investigations on the stunning island state. Agent Lucy Tara (played by Yasmine Al-Bustami) wasn't in the series for long though before leaving Hawaii temporarily to take on a new job as a Special Agent Afloat. Naturally, with Tara missing, fans of the CBS drama are curious to know more about the star who plays her. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Hawaii. NCIS Hawaii actress Yasmine Al-Bustamie was born in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates in 1993. Her father is Palestinian-Jordanian, while her mum is Filipina and the family then made the move to Texas when the actress was three years old. So Al-Bustami comes from a multicultural background which greatly shaped her upbringing and how she saw the world. What she didn't realise though was the impact her starring in NCIS Hawaii would have on those who have a similar heritage. READ MORE: Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show She told Arab News: “I'm always taken aback whenever I find out that I've reached people. “I didn’t really think about the capacity for something like this show to reach people all over the world. "Now, I'm seeing these responses all the time, I’m getting messages constantly. "When I finally sit down, take some time to read them and take them in, it can be overwhelming. "I see that people are taking notice, feel represented and feel seen, and suddenly I know for sure that I can contribute to that in some way. And I’m so grateful for the people who like it." She went on to explain how she couldn't be "prouder" to be Arab and understands the importance of representation on the big and small screens. Al-Bustami added: “It’s made me want to learn more about my heritage and my culture and just be more openly proud. “I feel like I'm not doing it alone. I feel like there's so many people who are also helping me do it. And it's all Arabs, and Arab-Americans. All of that truly inspires me.” Al-Bustami's character Tara appeals to an even wider community as her relationship with FBI Agent Kate Whistler (Tori Anderson) is the main romance of NCIS Hawaii. DON'T MISS...Meet Vera star Brenda Blethyn's eight siblings [CAST]Renee Felice Smith is among the shortest NCIS LA stars [HEIGHT]NCIS team ‘shadowed’ as Lost star returns to CBS drama [EXPLAINER] Agents Tara and Whistler did previously have a fling before the drama started but were able to rekindle their spark early on in series one. There were a number of rocky moments in the first outing with the couple actually breaking up when Tara found out Whistler hadn't technically broken up with her ex-girlfriend. Thankfully, they got back together in the series finale and have been going strong ever since. And even though Tara is currently missing from the drama, she will be back later in season two. While talking to TV Line, executive producer Christopher Silber answered a fan's question who was asking if Tara was going to make a comeback any time soon. He teased: "Yes. WHEN Lucy is back there will be a good deal of action for her. We can't wait." So hopefully, the wait won't be too much longer before she is reunited with Whistler. NCIS Hawaii season 2 continues every Monday on CBS in the USA.