Moneyfacts.co.uk has awarded an “excellent rating” to two ISA accounts in particular, in comparison to other savings products on the market. The two financial institutions offering these accounts are Trust Bank and Loughborough Building Society. This comes amid a wave of interest rate hikes being offered following the Bank of England’s decision to hike the base rate nine consecutive times in the past year. Trust Bank’s Two Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA pays an interest rate of 4.10 percent to savers with the financial institution. It has a notice period of two years with a minimum opening amount of £1,000 and maximum investment amount set at the ISA allowance. Customers with the bank can choose to open up the account either online or through its mobile banking app. It should be noted that the minimum applicant age to get this account is 18 and if a minimum investment is not made within 14 days of account opening, no interest is paid and the balance is refunded. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come Eleanor Williams, the finance Expert at Moneyfacts.co.uk, outlined some additional details regarding the savings account. She explained: “This week Castle Trust Bank has launched a new Two Year Fixed Rate e-Cash ISA. "Paying a rate of 4.10 percent on maturity, this ISA takes a prominent position in the top 10 when compared to other similar fixed ISAs currently on offer. “Investors looking to utilise their tax-free savings allowance may well be attracted to the competitive rate of return plus the fact that there is some flexibility on offer as this ISA allows earlier access, but this is subject to account closure and a loss of interest penalty. “There is also the option to make further additions and transfers for 14 days from account opening, which could boost the appeal of this ISA further for some. On assessment, the account earns an Excellent Moneyfacts product rating.” The other “excellent” savings account comes from Loughborough Building Society which pays savers an interest rate of 3.05 percent on its 120 Day Notice Cash ISA. This product has a minimum opening amount of £3,000 and a maximum investment amount set at the ISA allowance. To open the account, applicants can either visit one of the building society’s branches or complete an application form online. The minimum operating age for the 120 Day Notice Cash ISA from the building society is 16 years of age. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing According to Ms Williams, this latest savings offering from the building society is “market-leading”. Ms Williams added: “Savers still looking to use their tax-free ISA allowance and who wish to balance earning a competitive rate of return with maintaining some access to their savings pot may be tempted by the newly launched 120 Day Notice Cash ISA from Loughborough Building Society. “This ISA pays a rate of 3.05 percent, which sees it take the market-leading position in our top tables compared to other variable rate ISAs currently on offer. “Withdrawals are allowed, subject to 120 days’ notice or, alternatively, earlier access is permitted but subject to a 120-day loss of interest penalty. Overall, this ISA earns an Excellent Moneyfacts product rating.” Multiple high street banks and building societies have raised their interest rates in recent months in a bid to combat inflation being at a 40-year high. Thanks to the Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) increasing the nation’s base rate to 3.5 percent, this rate has been passed down to savers. Later this week (February 2), the central bank’s MPC is due to meet again to discuss further changes to the base rate. Many experts believe a 0.50 percent increase is likely with interest rates potentially peaking at 4.50 percent later in the year.