Since 2016, Channel 4 viewers have watched Dick Strawbridge and Angel Adoree restore their chateau back to its former glory. However, the duo revealed the ninth series of Escape to the Chateau would be the last with the final episode featuring one last epic party.  In a Christmas special that aired in December 2022, viewers tuned in one last time to see Angel and Dick set about hosting a huge wedding and throwing the ultimate festive bash. To mark their series coming to an end, the couple invited all of their family and friends to celebrate all they’ve achieved over six years. Appearing on the Lorraine show one week after they had wrapped the series, Angel and Dick revealed that emotions were extremely high. As a clip from the episode played while they spoke, Angel confessed the night was full of sentiment. READ MORE:Happy Valley fans claim 'brutal' Ann Gallagher star went 'too far'   She said: “It was really emotional, the week beforehand everyone was saying, ‘We can’t wait.’ “My mum kept crying all the time, I think it was a really happy emotion, Arthur was sobbing. “It was really beautiful, there's not many times where you get all your family and friends together. When it's a happy moment like that, boy it was a party as well.” Commenting that his mother wasn’t able to attend due to her being ill at the time, Dick described the whole night as joyful.   The couple told Lorraine that although it’s the end of a chapter for them, it’s not the end of their book as there is still a lot of renovation work to do. Although viewers will still get their Angel and Dick fix as the pair will be bringing a spin-off show to screens later this year/ Escape to the Chateau: Secret France will follow the duo around the country they now call home as they go on adventures and unlock the secrets of France. Channel 4 is yet to announce a release date for the series but fans are anticipating for it to air later on in the year to fill the usual Escape to the Chateau slot. DON'T MISS... Antiques Roadshow's Fiona Bruce gobsmacked by £20k Star Wars figure [VIDEO] Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show [STRICTLY] Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ Tommy Lee’s deadly end in revenge twist [REACTION] The decision to end the original long-running show is down to their children as they explained their reasoning on the Radio Times View From My Sofa podcast. Dick said: "[They're] turning nine and 10 – they’ve had an innocence and joy in what we’ve done. "We’ve got lots of things we still intend to do, but we want to protect the family part of it." Agreeing with her husband, Angel added: “Absolutely. Finish on a high!"  Announcing the news at the time of the Channel 4 show coming to an end, the couple wrote a joint statement where they called their experience an adventure of a lifetime. They wrote: "Our decision to buy a Chateau with no water, electricity, heating or sewage has taken us on the adventure of a lifetime and we could never have imagined what would unfold. "The good, the bad and the ugly… We have cherished every second and love that we have a visual record to show Arthur and Dorothy when they’re older." Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All4. 