Monday's explosive instalment followed Jeremy Kyle's TalkTV show in which he interviewed Ghislaine Maxwell from prison. She made several claims during the conversation, including the assertion that the infamous photograph of Prince Andrew and Jeffrey Epstein victim Virginia Giuffre was "a fake". As socialite and Prince Andrew's ex, Lady Victoria Hervey, appeared on Uncensored to debate the resurfaced story, she swore in an angry rant, causing Piers Morgan to apologise to viewers of the pre-watershed show. Ghislaine questioned the authenticity of the well-known photograph, and Piers and guests Lady Victoria, historian Tessa Dunlop and former royal editor Duncan Larcombe discussed the claims. As Piers questioned Virginia's account of what took place, Tessa jumped to the defence of the alleged sexual assault victim. "I have a view that the moment Andrew paid that cheque, it was over this case he can't revisit this," Piers commented. "He said, 'I'm going to take it all the way, I'm going to clear my name,' and he just caved. READ MORE: My 600lb Life's Erica Wall looks unrecognisable in swimsuit snap "You can read between £3million and £10million, but it was millions and millions of dollars - to a woman he claims he never met, which never had any credibility as far I'm concerned. "Why would you pay somebody you've never met millions of dollars in a sex abuse case? "But, and it's an important one - if his main accuser has now got serious credibility issues, why shouldn't Andrew re-enter the legal frame?" "It's an entirely separate case," Tessa announced. "This is absolutely classic, people going out of their way to discredit the victim of sex abuse crimes-"  As Piers questioned her argument, Tessa continued. "I think it's really important to remember that these girls come from chaotic backgrounds," she replied. "Which is one of the reasons why it's so hard to make a case stick - we all have to remember when we've been listening to what Ghislaine Maxwell has been saying... this is a woman who was called out by the judge-" DON'T MISS... Antiques Road Trip teases new host as clue points towards BBC star [LATEST]A Place in the Sun's Jasmine emotional as buyer breaks down [VIDEO]Death in Paradise’s Don Warrington refused to give advice to co-star [INTERVIEW] "You don't know anything about Virginia, Tessa," Lady Victoria fumed, cutting in. "You've got notes because you don't know anything about the case!" Tessa responded: "I do know quite a lot, actually..." "You don't," Lady Victoria went on. "You don't know about Virginia Giuffre - have you read her book?" As Tessa began to reply, Lady Victoria yelled: "Have you read her book?" The two continued to row over each other before Lady Victoria swore during the heated exchange. As Tessa labelled Virginia as "brave," Lady Victoria presented her opinion on the topic: "She's not brave, she's a f***ing liar!" "Okay, let's not use language like that," Piers quickly cut in. As the two continued, Piers interrupted to add: "Hang on! I just want to say sorry for the bad language that was used, no need for that." Uncensored airs weekdays from 8pm on TalkTV.