Reports suggest Erik ten Hag 'isn't keen' on a deal for Yannick Carrasco after Manchester United were offered the chance to sign the Belgian from Atletico Madrid on transfer deadline day. The Red Devils are now frantically scanning the market for opportunities after being told by club doctors that Christian Eriksen will be out of action until April or May due to injury. United have only made two loan signings this month in the form of Jack Butland and Wout Weghorst but it seems as though their business might not be done. According to The Telegraph, United have been handed the chance to land Carrasco but a deal seems unlikely at this stage. That's because United boss Ten Hag is not overly keen on signing the player, who is not the midfielder that the Dutchman requires this late in the window. Carrasco is a wide forward and can also play at wing-back but the former Monaco man does not play in central or attacking midfield. READ MORE: Chelsea make decision on letting Conor Gallagher seal Man Utd or Newcastle loan deal United are seeking some extra cover for Eriksen to see them through until the end of the window and other alternatives are believed to be under consideration. The hottest track comes in the form of Bayern Munich's Marcel Sabitzer, who could be free to leave the Bundesliga giants this move. Sabitzer has failed to make a huge impression since arriving in Munich from RB Leipzig and despite making 15 top-flight appearances this season - a move looks to be on the cards. Chelsea have also shown interest in the versatile Austrian but United are now in the box seat to sign the experienced 28-year-old. FOLLOW TRANSFER DEADLINE DAY LIVE WITH EXPRESS SPORT United have previously shown interest in Sabitzer in years gone by but he has ended up remaining in Germany where he first arrived in 2014 from Rapid Wien. Meanwhile, Carrasco looks poised to remain with Atletico Madrid despite their desire to move the winger on. He has been offered to English clubs a number of times in recent years including during his time with Dalian in China when he was strongly linked with Arsenal. Carrasco was also rumoured to be joining Barcelona this month in a swap deal involving Memphis Depay. But having scored just one goal in 17 La Liga appearances this season, it seems he is destined to remain at the Wanda Metropolitano barring a dramatic swing of the pendulum. United are now expected to sanction any departures on deadline day despite strong interest in some of their players. Both Facundo Pellistri and Anthony Elanga have attracted loan interest from around Europe and South American - in the case of young Uruguayan winger Pellistri. Everton, Borussia Dortmund and PSV were all keen on taking Elanga until the end of the season but he could yet stay put.