Earlier this month, 1000lb Best Friends made a comeback to TLC with the premiere of season two. However, things could soon be coming to an end for 43-year-old Megan Crumpler who was left discouraged after a weight loss meeting.  1000lb Best Friends follows the lives of four friends as they embark on a major health kick in the hopes of transforming their lives with weight loss. With the help of Dr Proctor, the friends help to motivate each other in their battle with morbid obesity. However, despite shedding more than 100lbs, Meghan revealed she no longer had an interest in tracking her weight loss. Her decision came after an emotional meeting, where Dr Proctor told her: “You are one of the less successful people that I’ve seen to this point.” READ MORE: ITV viewers 'shaking with rage' and 'switch off' Harry interview  Speaking to her co-stars Vannessa Cross, Tina Arnold and Ashely Sutton, Meghan shared: “I’ve decided I’m never going to see [Dr] Proctor." After her friends probed for a reason, she responded: “The way he spoke to me that last time really hurt my heart. “If I’m where I’m supposed to be, why bother going in there just to hear a lecture?” Meghan shrugged: “I’ll go when I get there.”    During the weigh-in, she was brought to tears as she stated she “disappointed herself,” throughout her time on the show. Dr Proctor responded: “This is about you taking control of your life," as she wiped away tears from her face before claiming she “hates this battle”. Her friend Ashley revealed she had gotten journals to document their daily food intake and emotions. As Vanessa left the table, Meghan insisted: “I'm not getting on a scale, if that's what you're thinking. No scales for me, I’d like to do that in secret.” DON'T MISS...1000lb Best Friends' Tina issues stern defence of Meghan [INSIGHT]1000-lb Best Friends star’s heartbreaking reason for weight loss [INSIGHT]My 600lb Life fans outraged at 'jealous' Vianey for jeopardising Allen [INSIGHT]   When Vanessa returned with the scale in hand an enraged Meghan said: “I don't want to do it, I'll do it in my own time!" However, Vanessa fumed: "I don't believe you unless you weigh it in front of us.” Ashley added that she was “bigger” than everyone as she urged Meghan to step on the scales. An angered Meghan spouted: “F**k you and your determination," before adding: “I don't want to do it take no as a f*****g answer."      Ashley hit back: “I understand that Dr Proctor said some very triggering things, but the reason that you don’t want to go to Dr Proctor is because you haven't lost any weight. “That’s the f*****g reason,” she added but Meghan became overwhelmed and stormed off from the table, shouting: “I'm done, you’re not taking no for an answer, I’m done, goodbye." Vanessa shouted: "I love you but you have to lose weight or you're going to die, you told me the same thing!" while Meghan threw her journal across the table.  1000lb Best Friends season 2 continues Wednesdays on TLC.