Chelsea head coach Graham Potter has confirmed Joao Felix could make his debut against Fulham just over 24 hours after completing his loan move from Atletico Madrid. However, he has been dealt a blow elsewhere in his attack, with Christian Pulisic set for a lengthy spell on the sidelines. Chelsea travel to Fulham for a London derby in the Premier League tomorrow night, looking to improve their run of just one win in the last seven games. Felix arriving today made it natural to presume that the 23-year-old forward would have to watch from the Craven Cottage stands and wait to make his Blues bow against Crystal Palace on Sunday. However, Potter has confirmed there is hope that he can feature after training with his new team-mates for the first time this morning. The Chelsea boss told reporters that they are waiting for the Premier League to inform them whether he is registered for the Fulham clash. He added: "He's a quality player, can make a difference in the final third of the pitch, young but has had good experience. He's a quality player that gives everyone a lift." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Felix's availability would come as a major boost for Potter, who confirmed that Pulisic was set to miss 'months' of action through injury. The USMNT winger was forced off during last week's defeat against Manchester City at Stamford Bridge. And he is now at risk of missing most of the second half of the season, potentially prompting Chelsea into further attacking transfer activity this month. "Pierre [Aubameyang] is fine, and he will be in the squad. Christian [Pulisic] is a couple of months [out] we think. Raheem [Sterling] is, hopefully, less than that," Potter said when delivering team news. DON'T MISS: Liverpool warned of extra £32m premium on Nunes in Klopp headache "Ruben [Loftus-Cheek] and Ben Chilwell are getting closer. Reece was out on the grass today, not training with the team but on his own. N'Golo [Kante] is training on his own but has a long way to go." Pulisic's injury could accelerate Chelsea's reported interest in Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk. The Blues are understood to be willing to better any Arsenal offer for the Ukrainian's signature this month. But in the short term, Felix's debut will be even more eagerly anticipated. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here