  BBC Radio 2 presenter Zoe Ball, 52, has been inundated with support after revealing she will be absent from the Zoe Ball Breakfast Show for the next few days. The star went on to share an update about her health, as she thanked fellow presenter Vernon Kay, 48, for stepping in to cover her slot.      Taking to Twitter today, Zoe told her 405,700 followers: “So I’ve got covid… “But good news is ya man @vernonkay is looking after y’all @BBCRadio2,” she added with a Face with Medical Mask emoji. “Back soon.” (sic) Vernon, who has hosted the show before when Zoe has been unwell, also informed his followers of the schedule change. “Couple of mornings on @BBCRadio2 coming up!!” Vernon revealed. READ MORE: Jennifer Lopez' ex Marc Anthony remarries as their children stay in LA     “Get well quickly @ZoeTheBall 5am wake up’s play havoc with the eye bags!! See you tomorrow from 6.30AM.” (sic) Vernon, who is married to Strictly Come Dancing presenter Tess Daly, hosted his own BBC Radio 1 show between 2004 and 2012. He also presented his own show on Radio X between 2015 and 2017 and now presents live coverage of Formula E for English speaking platforms around the world. He also placed third in the 2020 series of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! behind fellow radio DJ Jordan North and castle queen Giovanna Fletcher.     Meanwhile, Zoe’s fans and friends took to the comments section of her tweet to send their well wishes. “Noooooooooo,” commented fellow presenter Rylan Clark, while musician Tom Bertram wrote: “Feel better soon.” (sic) “Hope you’re ok lovely,” Louise Redknapp added with a heart emoji. A fan named Kirk penned: “Really will miss you get well soon. Love Vernon though as well… Proper northern legend.” (sic) READ MORE... Pamela Anderson admits Hugh Hefner was only man to give her respect [NEWS] Jeremy Clarkson fears Charles' Coronation will be the last for England [UPDATE] Priscilla Presley challenges Riley on amendment to Lisa Marie's trust [INSIGHT]      While Russ wrote: “Oh Zoe sending you TLC  get better soon, think of all the catch up tv you can watch. “Big fan of Vernon's for years top bloke. Will be listening every morning.” (sic) “Awww no,” added Wendy. “Hope you’re feeling better soon. Will miss your cheery happy vibes you give us all.” (sic) “Get well soon Zoe, and take care of yourself in the meanwhile by not trying too much too quickly; Vern will look after things for you,” typed Neil.       Zoe took over as the new host of the Radio 2 Breakfast Show in 2018, following the departure of Chris Evans in 2019. She was the first female host of both Radio 1 Breakfast and The Radio 2 Breakfast Show for the BBC. Zoe was also a contestant in the third series of Strictly Come Dancing and went on to host its spin-off show Strictly Come Dancing: It Takes Two between 2011 and 2021. The Zoe Ball Breakfast Show with Vernon Kay airs tomorrow at 6.30am on BBC Radio 2.   