Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher has laid out a transfer plan for England’s World Cup star Jude Bellingham that ends with the teenager playing at Real Madrid. Jurgen Klopp’s outfit are one of the clubs in the race to sign the Borussia Dortmund midfielder, though they will face significant competition to land him even with a potential £120million bid this summer. Liverpool, Real Madrid and Manchester City have been named as the three favourites in the race for Bellingham, though Manchester United will also attempt to bring him to Old Trafford in the next transfer window. The Reds have been pushing to land Bellingham and Carragher has claimed that he could first move to Liverpool and then down the line make the move to Real Madrid, giving him the same warning he previously sent to Steven Gerrard. "Real Madrid are the biggest club in the world,” Carragher told Sky Sports. “I always used to say this to Steven Gerrard if he was ever going to go, because Real Madrid used to come knocking for him every year. I always used to say to him, 'If you were ever going to go, you've almost got to go at your peak'. It's very ruthless over there in terms of the competition to play and the superstars they buy. "If I was Jude Bellingham, if you go to Real Madrid now, where do you go from Real Madrid? It almost feels like if you were leaving Real Madrid, you were taking a step down in some ways. For me, I think he should sign for an English club on a five or six-year year deal and then go to Real Madrid." Carragher believes Bellingham is one of a select few that can map out his career, alongside Manchester City star Erling Haaland. "I actually think Erling Haaland has already got this mapped out in his own head in terms of him going to Manchester City; I think he already knows how long he is going to be there,” Carragher added. DON'T MISSNewcastle 'put Saint-Maximin up for sale' as swap proposal comes to lightMan Utd chiefs think Erik ten Hag has signed his very own Jack GrealishArsenal boss Arteta explains plan for third signing after Trossard and Kiwior “I think there will be a deal done where he eventually ends up at Real Madrid. There are certain players who are that good they can actually map their own career out of where they're going to go and when they're going to move. "Very few players can do that. Haaland is one and I think Jude Bellingham is another. If he said we're going to do four years at Liverpool or Manchester City. "Then, when my contract has two years to go, I am going to go to Real Madrid at 24 and will do four or five years there. When I get to 30, we will see where we are then."