Furious parents have slammed their children’s school’s new “behavioural curriculum” saying it is now like a “detention centre or concentration camp”. But the school has denied all the accusations saying that they were “rumours” and “untrue”.    Parents claim that their children at Harnham Junior School in Salisbury, Wiltshire, now have to follow strict rules including walking with their hands behind their backs, having to sing a song before lunch, and are given a topic to discuss while eating.  And they claim hat Year 6 pupils are made to act as “waiters and waitresses” for the younger children.  A meeting is set to be held today between the headteacher Luke Coles and parents to discuss the issue.  Tim Bevington, 41, who has three children at the school, told The Sun: "My children are not waiters and waitresses, the kids should be responsible for their own mess.  "And giving them a topic and forcing them to talk about it, in my opinion that's another lesson. Lunchtime should be time for them to relax and get ready for afternoon lessons.  "It's all completely ridiculous. I will not have my kids being forced to walk in the halls with their hands behind their backs like they are in a detention centre or concentration camp.  "I don't know what the school is playing at but I'm fuming and have written to them complaining."    Nick Snook, 35, whose daughters attend the school, said: "I don't understand what they think the benefits of these rules will be. They seem to be punishing everyone because of a few children misbehaving.  "It's madness. I can't see how this will be good for the majority of kids, it sounds more like a military school or prison camp than a primary teaching children as young as seven."  On social media, others jokingly questioned if the headteacher was North Korea’s leader Kim Jong-Un.  But, in a letter to parents, the headteacher Mr Coles said there had been “inaccurate rumours on social media”.  He maintained that the school had the children’s best interests at the heart of everything they did and said it was not true that misbehaving children were brought into lunch late so others can see they have been naughty.  And he said children were not “forced to sing”.  In the letter he said: “No one is forced to sing; the singing at the start of lunch is not only meant to be enjoyable and social (we use fun songs that the children know) but also allows everyone to arrive in the hall, so that all the children are able to sit down and eat together at the same time.”  READ MORE: We won't be able to keep you all safe from violent crime, police say  And he rejected the idea that children were given topics to discuss at lunchtime.  He said: “It is untrue that the children must discuss this point and also untrue that any child is forced to stand up and speak about it.  “The topic is intended to start conversation – for example – ‘Which is your favourite pet?’  “Children volunteer to share their thoughts and only speak if they would like to do so.”  The school also rejected the rumour that Year 6 children were being seen as “servants”, by having to serve food for the younger children.  It also said that children were not forced to walk with their hands behind their backs but did say it encouraged “smart walking”.  The letter went on to say: “At the start of this term children were encouraged (not forced) to have hands just behind their backs/just at sides as a way to highlight the need to think about how we walk around school.”  DON'T MISSDevoted couple that were 'never apart' die within day of each other [REPORT]Prince Harry writes of secret sexcapade with Meghan in Soho House [REVEALED]Dan Wootton clashes with guest over Prince Harry memoir 'lies' [OPINION]  At the end of the letter the school apologised for “any anxiety that has been caused” by “not communicating the changes before they were implemented”.  A statement from Harnham Junior School said: "We have made some changes to our lunchtime routines after feedback from some of our pupils. While we did mention to parents we would be looking at changes, we should have explained more how these would be rolled out.  "There has been misinformation on social media around some changes and we have contacted parents to clarify these misconceptions.  "The changes, with feedback from our pupils and wider school, are already having a positive impact and creating a calm atmosphere around the school and for pupils starting lessons.  "We look forward to continuing to work together with parents as we ensure lunchtimes are enjoyable for all our pupils." Express.co.uk has contacted Harnham Junior School for comment. 