After splashing out on a potential £50million deal to gazump Manchester United and sign Cody Gakpo from PSV, Liverpool may need to keep an eye over their finances for the remainder of the January transfer window. Jurgen Klopp’s side still need to address several issues plaguing their squad, however, and will likely remain active this month in an attempt to bolster the German’s options without breaking the bank. Here, Express Sport looks at four players the Reds could sign for bargain fees in the January window. Liverpool’s midfield issues have been well-documented, as they are looking at both Jude Bellingham and Enzo Fernandez as big-money summer options. They will face significant competition for both, however, as Chelsea are attempting to wrap up a deal for the Argentine this month and the England star has interest from every top European club. Youri Tielemans could provide a budget option, with his Leicester contract expiring at the end of the season. The Belgian can already speak to foreign clubs regarding a pre-contractual agreement, but Liverpool could move for him this month. A fee of £25m was reported in the summer for his services, and the Foxes’ asking price could be lower again in January. Liverpool have already added Gakpo to their glut of talented forwards, but would find it hard to resist a move for World Cup finalist Marcus Thuram, who could be available for just £10m, as his contract at Borussia Monchengladbach is up at the end of the season. The versatile forward played a big role in Qatar for France, often coming on for Olivier Giroud to provide more energy up front, and his work ethic could appeal to Klopp. Despite Gakpo’s arrival, Roberto Firmino could leave the club at the end of the season and Klopp will be mindful of the injuries suffered by Luis Diaz and Diogo Jota. Should the Reds move for the 25-year-old, they are set to face competition from Manchester United and Newcastle. Borussia Dortmund’s newest starlet Youssoufa Moukoko could be set to leave the Bundesliga club as an 18-year-old, having failed to agree a new contract with his current deal expiring at the end of the season. Having scored six goals and recorded three assists in eight league starts, he earned a call-up to the Germany World Cup squad. Liverpool have been linked with Moukoko as his contract situation rumbles on, and they could sign the highly-rated teenager for a cut-price fee should they opt to move for him in January and give Dortmund their last chance to secure a transfer figure for the striker, if he fails to pen a new contract. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'lose Saudi Arabia deal at 11th hour' as plug pulled after meetingMan Utd boss Ten Hag takes on second job at Old Trafford after Murtough talksCarragher urges Liverpool to sign 'next Wijnaldum' alongside Bellingham Another of the France World Cup squad is out of contract at the end of the season, and Adrien Rabiot’s Juventus deal expires in six months. His performances in Qatar may have shown Klopp and co that he can compete in the Premier League, though he was unable to secure a move to Manchester United in the summer. Juventus are reportedly attempting to tie the 27-year-old down with a new contract, though issues at senior level have seen many top officials at the Serie A club resign amid uncertainty surrounding their finances. Liverpool could take advantage of their perils and offer a bargain deal for Rabiot to take him to Anfield, and boost their midfield options at the same time.