Chelsea have already 'tested the water' over a potential move for Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo before the end of this month, according to reports. The Blues and Liverpool are both said to be keen admirers of the 21-year-old, who has turned plenty of heads with his impressive performances in the engine room for the Seagulls since the beginning of the campaign. Caicedo remains tied down until the summer of 2025 and Brighton are under no financial pressure to sell him as things stand, although this has not stopped Chelsea and Liverpool from developing a keen interest in securing his signature at some point in the not-too-distant future. The Blues have already edged ahead of their Merseyside counterparts in the queue by testing the water with a proposal of around £65million, according to Ben Jacobs.It is said that Chelsea have an excellent relationship with those in power at Brighton after conducting plenty of business with them over the last few months, including the signing of Marc Cucurella and the capture of Graham Potter as their new manager back in September. The Seagulls will be understanding if Caicedo relays a desire to move elsewhere but are determined to avoid being forced into selling for less than their asking price, which is believed to be at least £75m with add-ons.The possibility of a January exit for Caicedo appears to be slim, with any deal likely to involve the payment of a transfer fee by Chelsea that greatly exceeds Brighton's valuation in order to bring the Ecuador international to Stamford Bridge. His current employers are anticipating plenty of external interest in his services at the end of the season, at which point they will be more receptive to a sale in order to make a significant profit on the £5m they paid for him back in 2021. JUST IN: Man Utd have a better Jones ready to replace Casemiro for Arsenal game Potter is reportedly determined to reunite with Caicedo at Stamford Bridge in the near future, although it seems likely that Chelsea will simply need to be patient in their efforts to snap him up between now and the start of next season. A January move is still a slight possibility but Brighton's exorbitant demands, coupled with the fact that Caicedo has just changed his agent, suggest that he is more likely to leave the Amex Stadium at the end of the current campaign.Liverpool, meanwhile, are huge fans of Caicedo but are reportedly unwilling to consider making a bid that matches Brighton's price tag, which could see Chelsea emerge as the standout contenders for his signature over the coming months. Brighton chief executive Paul Barber recently denied that any offers had been submitted for Caicedo before joking that his previously reported valuation of £42m would not even be enough to buy the midfielder's shoelaces. "I'm pleased to say we haven't had any," Barber said. "Maybe Liverpool have not got my email because I haven't seen any. I'm not sure £42m will even include the boots now, maybe just the laces. But joking aside, every player's value is ultimately determined by the market."Graham's comments were part in jest but part serious because Moises has been an exceptional player for us. Since he came to the Premier League, he has developed all the time."He's a young man with a great attitude, fantastic work ethic and a very nice human being off the pitch. So all those things contribute to the value of a footballer should it come to that moment to sell." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.