Andy Murray suffered defeat in his opening match of the season as he crashed out in the first round of the Adelaide International. The Brit suffered his second career defeat to Sebastian Korda as the 22-year-old came through 7-6(3) 6-3 in an hour and 56 minutes. Murray was facing Korda for the second time, having lost to the world No 33 in three sets at last year’s Gijon Open. With long-time on-and-off coach Ivan Lendl watching on in his box, the Brit made a strong start as he held with ease and was the first man to create two break point chances while leading 3-2. It was the American who was able to break the Murray serve first, but the world No 49 immediately broke back to stay level with the 22-year-old at 4-4 and saved two break points later in the set before it went to a tiebreak. Korda earned the first mini-break to take a 3-1 lead after the longest rally of the match and quickly started to run away with it as he led 5-1 while Murray continued to show his frustration, chuntering towards his team. The world No 33 finally closed it out 7-6(3) after an hour and 15 minutes while the three-time Major champion continued to complain in the direction of his box after coming out on the losing end of a closely-fought set. The second set followed a similar pattern to the first as both men continued to hold with ease before Korda suddenly pounced, taking a 4-2 lead. JUST IN: Federer declines Aus Open invitation as tennis bosses hatch 2024 plan But unlike the opener, Murray was unable to break straight back despite winning three points in a row to set up break-back point, and the 22-year-old held to find himself within a game of the second round. The Brit got one more game on the board before Korda served out his second career victory over the 46-time title winner, coming through 7-6(3) 6-3 in just under two hours. Korda will now play Roberto Bautista Agut in the second round after the Spaniard came from a set down to upset fourth seed Andrey Rublev 4-6 6-3 6-4 earlier on Tuesday. DON'T MISSNadal hits out at United Cup and calls for rule change after upsetBoris Becker ‘lands new job’ after prison release with Aus Open roleDjokovic has same view on Aus Open boos after first taste of crowd  It will be a disappointing result for Murray, who was vocal about his desire to improve over the off-season. The 35-year-old revealed he trained in the gym just twice between the US Open and the end of the season before vowing to right his wrongs and undergoing an intense training block in Florida. Despite rising from No 134 in the world to No 49 from the start of 2022 to the end, Murray admitted that he wasn’t happy with his results last season and wanted to make a big leap in 2023. But he will now have to wait until the Australian Open to get his first win of the season after suffering an early exit in Adelaide.