A rookie cop and two other officers have been hospitalised after being attacked by a machete wielding suspect as New York's Times Square celebrated New Year's Eve. The new policeman was struck in the head with an 18-inch machete - it was his first day on the job.   Witnesses reported hearing at least one gunshot while dozens of officers rushed to the scene now being investigated as a possible terror attack. The suspect allegedly attacked a group of NYPD officers outside of a security screening zone for the famous ball drop celebration in central New York City just before 10pm EST Saturday. The young officer suffered a "skull fracture and large laceration", while his partner - an eight-year veteran - also sustained a "laceration to the head", NYC Police Commissioner Keechant Sewell told a press conference this morning. She added: "This is another reminder of what our officers face. There were a lot of people out tonight we are asking anyone who has any information to please call CrimeStoppers at 1-800-577-TIPS." Officials added that they believed there was no ongoing threat in relation to the incident at this time. Both injured officers were taken to Bellevue Hospital where they were visited by Mayor Eric Adams at around 12.30am. The suspect was also being treated for his injuries at the hospital. At least one officer then shot the 19-year-old suspect, striking him in the shoulder. Police have said the alleged attacker's injuries are not life-threatening.   The rookie officer who was slashed graduated from the police academy on Friday and is assigned to Staten Island. He was pulled to Manhattan due to the New Year's Eve celebrations, according to reporting in The New York Post. The FBI was working with local law enforcement to determine a motive for the attack. The agency stressed that it believed there was no ongoing threat. "No backpacks or umbrellas in Times Square. They forgot to mention machetes," a police source told The Post. The blade - measured at 18 inches - was shared by the NYPD in a press release. Video from the scene shows crowds being rushed away from the incident by police as they attempt to secure the scene at West 52nd Street and 8th Avenue. Officers can be seen telling pedestrians to clear the area.  READ MORE: Democrats release thousands of pages of 'fishy' Trump tax returns   Another cop was reportedly struck by a police car during the chaos at the scene. He was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital and is expected to recover. Witness Kim Novack said: "They moved the barricades really fast. He was a police officer in front of the barricade area and he moved it for police cars to move fast - and that’s when the barricade fell and got hit by the car. He got double whammied." Thousands of revellers from around the world braved the pouring rain and packed into Times Square to watch the annual NYE ball drop. The event is heavily policed and the NYPD said it had thousands of officers on patrol both in uniform and plain clothes. 