This Morning viewers have mocked Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby over a queue gaff Phillip made on Thursday's instalment of the ITV talk show. The quip comes months after the pair skipped the queue to see the late Queen's coffin in Westminster Hall. A petition to have the hosts axed from the show following the scandal reached almost 80,000 signatures. During the episode, Harry Potter star Rupert Grint and Ben Aldridge opened up to Holly and Phillip about their new film. The horror film is called Knock at the Cabin and will be released next month. As Phillip wrapped up the interview, he added: "It comes out on Friday, February 3, and Holly will be straight at the front of the queue." Holly, who is not a fan of scary movies, said: "I will be right there, right under a pillow." READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star Following Phillip's remark, viewers flocked to Twitter, with Carole stating: "Breaking news! Just announced! Right out of Phil's mouth 'Holly's going to be at the front of the queue' #ThisMorning." @Mostlystupid penned: "You just know 1,000,000 per cent Holly will be tearing a strip off Phil during the break for that queue comment #ThisMorning." Garry added: "Brave of Phillip to say, 'Holly will be right at the front of the queue' #thismorning." @MissLionHeart shared: "Of course, Phil and Holly will be straight at the front of the queue #ThisMorning."  Boris said: "Holly will be straight at the front of the queue Phil? Of course! Dropped a right clanger there pippy #thismorning." Dave shared a clip of Jack Nicholson from The Shining throwing objects around in anger, adding: "Holly as soon as the #ThisMorning credits roll, absolutely fuming with Phil about the queue comment." At the time of the queue saga, ITV claimed the pair were in Westminster Hall to film a segment for an upcoming episode of This Morning. After being criticised for jumping the queue, Holly read a statement on This Morning on September 20. DON'T MISS...Holly Willoughby 'drops F-bomb' and 'walks off' This Morning [LATEST]Holly and Phil should've lost jobs over queue row, blasts Kim Woodburn [UPDATE]Phillip Schofield is 'genuine' as expert speaks out on Holly 'feud' [INSIGHT] She explained: "Like hundreds of accredited broadcasters and journalists, we were given official permission to access the hall. "It was strictly for the purposes of reporting on the event for millions of people in the UK who haven’t been able to visit Westminster in person. "The rules were we would be quickly escorted around the edges to a platform at the back.” Holly added: "We, of course, respected those rules, however, we realise it may have looked like something else."  Other celebrities, such as Susanna Reid and David Beckham, patiently waited for hours with the public to pay their respects to the late monarch. Phillip said he had nothing to apologise for during a frosty exchange with GB News in November about the scandal. "Why would I apologise?" Phillip told GB News producers. "You’ve already seen that 700 other journalists did exactly the same thing." This Morning airs on weekdays at 10am on ITV and ITVX. 