The card has been produced by Moonpig to add a little humour to Valentine's Day. The design reads: "Roses are red/Violets are blue/I'd leave the royal family for you!/Happy Valentines Day." Said design follows in the aftermath of Prince Harry's recent interviews that follow on from the release of 'Spare'The memoir contains a range of accusations and stories levelled at both members of the media and the Royal Family. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'abandoned' by royals despite 'olive branch' invite Despite the velocity and ferociousness of some the accusations, the book has proved a hit in terms of sales. Figures from Nielsen BookData show that 'Spare' has become the fastest-selling non-fiction book since records began 25 years ago. The book sold 467,183 copies in its first week despite leakages coming after it was released early in Spain. However, this figure pails in comparison to one report suggesting 1.4 million had been sold worldwide, with this figure including pre-orders. It marks the first time a non-fiction book has entered the top 10 and currently sits 6th behind The Lost Symbol and four of the seven Harry Potter books.  However, aside from creating a greater swirl of controversy, there has been a side effect to Harry's new book, ghost-written by JR Moehringer, his popularity has plummeted. Harry's favourability currently stands at 23 percent, a third of what it was in 2018. Furthermore, his unfavourability has more than quintupled from 10 to 53 percent over the same period. But Harry isn't the only royal brother to be hit by a fall in popularity. Prince William and Princess Kate are facing drops as well. DON'T MISS:William should make a statement in a 'regal manner' [EXPERT] William takes back control on trip close to heart after Harry's book [PICS]Harry issued plea over Lili and Archie after airing dirty royal linen [LIVEBLOG]  Prince William's falls, however, haven't been as precipitous as Harry's. On the fall in popularity, chief executive at Ipsos Kelly Beaver told the Telegraph: "Both Prince Harry and his brother Prince William seem to have suffered in British public opinion following the release of the Duke of Sussex’s memoir and the claims within it – and there is some evidence other members of the Royal Family are feeling the fall-out too. “This data also re-emphasises the need for the monarchy to show it can speak to and be relevant for younger generations. The comparison with the USA is interesting – as we might expect, Americans are less likely to have strong views about the monarchy than Britons and are less convinced about its benefits. "But they do feel more positive towards Prince Harry and Meghan than the British – although the Prince and Princess of Wales get relatively favourable views there too." Beaver added: “But the immediate impact on public opinion should not be exaggerated – and it should be noted is partly a return from the uplift in public sympathy after the sad passing of the Queen. “Britons are still much more positive than negative towards the King, the Prince and Princess of Wales and the Princess Royal, and towards the Royal Family as a whole, and views towards the institution as a whole are so far little changed. "While the stories may have challenged the public’s views towards the individuals involved, the monarchy itself endures for now.” The question is, say some, for how much longer?