Bryan Kohberger was often "exhausted" but became "chattier" following the Idaho case, according to his classmate. Kohberger was a PhD candidate in Criminology at Washington State University in Pullman - a 15-minute drive from Moscow, Idaho where the murders took place. "I did notice he was showing up to class a little late sometimes, he always had a coffee in hand, he always seemed to be just perpetually exhausted," said WSU classmate Benjamin Roberts. He added: "Bryan seemed like he was on the knife’s edge between exhaustion and worn out and at the time it was extremely difficult to tell which was which." However, Roberts told News Nation that this was fairly typical of a graduate student due to stress and Kohberger seemed fine in other ways. Following the news of the murders, Kohberger appeared to get chattier, according to Roberts.  "He did seem to get a little chattier going into the later parts of the term," Roberts said. He doesn't remember Kohberger ever specifically mentioning the Idaho case to him and Roberts pulled back from Kohberger as his own workload grew. Previously, Roberts told the media that Kohberger was "super awkward" and said: "He had to make absolutely sure you knew he was smart, he had this intellectual capacity." Roberts added it was chilling to have such a gruesome crime committed so close to his university and then have a classmate accused of it, he said: "There’s something heavy about that."  READ MORE: Horror photos show car impaled on 20ft of motorway guardrail Kohberger will be extradited back to Idaho and has reportedly decided to waive his extradition hearing in order to expedite the process. Monroe County Chief Public Defender Jason LaBar said: "Mr Kohberger is eager to be exonerated of these charges and looks forward to resolving these matters as promptly as possible." Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Madison Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and Ethan Chapin, 20, were brutally stabbed to death while they slept on November 13. Police spent six weeks searching for a suspect, authorities conducted around 300 interviews and received more than 20,000 tips.  DON'T MISS:Prince George's snap confirmed Harry and Meghan not needed [INSIGHT]Neighbours of Idaho murder suspect say he kept a low profile: 'I'd ... [ANALYSIS]Kate to come under fire in Prince Harry's bombshell memoir [REPORT] However, police sources say that they zeroed in on Kohberger after linking him to DNA evidence found at the crime scene. He has since been charged with four counts of first-degree murder and one count of felony burglary. Jason LaBar previously said Kohberger was under 24/7 surveillance in his cell to "ensure his safety". Police have said they will release more information about their case against Kohberger when he makes his first court appearance in Idaho. Police have said they have not yet found the murder weapon used to commit the killings. 