Tottenham are reportedly considering a bid for Bristol City starlet Alex Scott, as the Championship club have slapped a questionable £25million price tag on their teenage midfielder. Spurs have been hoping to spend in January to appease boss Antonio Conte, who has lamented his side's lack of ambition and raised doubts over whether he would leave north London at the end of the season. One player that could come into the squad is England under-20 international Scott, who has enjoyed another stellar campaign after breaking into the Bristol team last season and has recorded four assists, as his displays have attracted plenty of Premier League interest. Tottenham are said to have cast an eye over Scott, according to talkSPORT, while a host of top-flight clubs are reportedly considering a move for the 19-year-old amid his club stating their valuation of over £20m. CBS Sport have claimed that Leeds, Brighton, Leicester, Wolves and Bournemouth are all looking at Scott with a realistic chance of the midfielder moving this month. Amid reports claiming that a fee of £12m would entice Bristol into a sale, boss Nigel Pearson rejected those claims. “I wouldn’t accept £12m, but I don’t know what figure the club are thinking of,” Pearson said. “At this point I can’t really add to the speculation but most of it will be driven by agents and representatives, it’s just how it is. “There are a lot of stories out there and a lot of speculation and without adding fuel to speculation we are aware there is at the moment quite a bit of interest in some of our younger players. As it stands at the minute we have not received anything for them.” READ MOREArsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWMan City boss Pep Guardiola issues worrying Man Utd prediction after Southampton humbling Tottenham may be in the market for a creative midfielder this transfer window, as their current crop of players in the middle of the pitch - Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Rodrigo Bentancur, Yves Bissouma, Oliver Skipp - lack a certain guile in the final third of the pitch that a player in the ilk of Scott could provide. Conte has worried fans on several occasions that he may leave as his contract is up at the end of the season, and he has criticised his side’s lack of spending. "At the start of the season, I was very, very clear with the club,” he said at the beginning of January. “I said: 'Okay, we can be competitive to win, but try to continue to improve in a way we can do it.' "Because, also, you have to know there are clubs who can invest £200m, £300m and then other clubs who have different [policies]. You have to respect other [policies]. But that has to be very clear to the people, because otherwise we create an expectation and it's not positive for the environment to create expectations that, in this moment, are not realistic."