Aries (Mar21/Apr20) You could find yourself in two minds about a proposed journey, group outing or business trip. One reason you are having second thoughts is because of the expense involved. Even so, if this is something you really want to do, go ahead with it anyway. Taurus (Apr21/May21) There’s no excuse for those in positions of authority to tinker around the edges rather than getting straight to the point. An issue that is causing contention in the workplace needs to be addressed immediately. Concerns being raised are valid. Gemini (May22/June21) You could easily drop a job you are working on in order to join in with a team effort. It doesn’t matter how long this has been going on, you will be made to feel welcome and as if your contribution does count. Cancer (June22/July23) If you’re uncertain about a decision, spend some quiet time alone and listen to your inner voice. You could turn up something new in the way of a money making or work opportunity but you will need to take the initiative and follow this idea through. Leo (July24/Aug23) Getting more mileage out of personal efforts than you have been doing of late will be a test of your ingenuity. Making furniture, clothing or jewellery will put your practical skills to excellent use. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) Sudden changes to your routines could cause you some anxiety. A job offer could be beneficial in the long-term but there will be strings attached. Remember that you have a right to say no.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) Stop telling yourself you don’t deserve to be happy when there are other people who are suffering. You’re about to receive a wonderful offer. It will be surprising how many of your friends on social media already know about something special that is happening in your life now. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) Whether you are thinking about moving to a new place or making some extensive home improvements, discuss your plans with others who are likely to be involved. A housemate could come up with some creative ideas. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) Changes occurring in your workplace may bring about a new set of conditions. You will be required to pass a test or add to your skills and knowledge. Don’t worry too much about what is going on. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) You’re in line for a job advancement. At last you will be offered the better work assignments. A bigger salary or profitable bonus deal will be too good an opportunity to turn down even if this will mean making a few changes in your family routines. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) If you’re feeling low, look to areas of your life that could do with a fresh start. It would be better to be happy than to just keep going in a direction that is offering little in the way of real fulfilment. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) Controversy in your community is causing a few ripples. You might be in a position to help some people through this. What’s needed is targeted measures to ensure those who need it most, get support.