NBC could have finally given in to Law and Order SVU fans who have spent years longing for Oliva Benson (played by Mariska Hargitay) and Elliott Stabler (Christoper Meloni) to take their friendship to romance heights. The promo trailer for the upcoming episode teases the two locking lips.  When Law and Order SVU returned from hiatus, Benson became the target of a violent gang attack. Things took a dangerous turn for the beloved captain after she walked her son Noah Benson (Ryan Buggle) home. There she saw gang symbols had been painted outside her building and a group of masked teenage boys waiting for her menacingly with machetes. Once she sent Noah home, she confronted them but Benson was knocked to the ground and brutally beaten by the assailants. READ MORE: Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire It soon became clear, the attack was in retaliation for her work on the Oscar Papa (Goya Robles) case earlier in the season, which saw the Tremont gang member arrested for rape. After recounting the events to paramedics and another detective on the scene, Benson was visibly shaken. Following a short stint in the hospital, Benson returned to work where she learned she was ambushed because the two gang members they put in jail were stabbed to death. Although she’s at work and eager to solve the case, the trailer for the upcoming episode hints at Benson being able to let her guard down in the loving embrace of Stabler.  During the clip, the two reunite as Stabler asks: “Why did you call me?” In the next scene, they embrace each other with a deep and intimate hug. Elsewhere, Benson tenderly holds his face as their forehead and nose touch, almost as though they’ve just kissed. This episode will undoubtedly have fans on the edge of their seats as thousands have eagerly waited for the two of them to pursue their romantic feeling for each other. DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun buyer breaks down as she details heartbreak [INSIGHT] Law and Order SVU's Dixon star on challenge of Olivia reunion [INSIGHT]Here's a look at the guest cast of the Law & Order midseason premiere [INSIGHT] As longtime friends, Benson could find solace in Stabler’s company, especially after the attack. She could also use his help with the case, as his division Organised Crime, brings down the leaders of gangs and mobs. While their reunion could bring an end to the gang responsible for Benson’s attack, fans will stay tuned to see what it will mean for their friendship. Despite being a victim of ruthless violence, she cared for the young teenager she shot at and discovered he too was a victim of Oscar Papa. She learned the gang BX9 targeted teenagers who had escaped Central America and recruited them to do their crimes. If they weren't grateful enough for their family to join up, the gang used sexual assault to force the issue. This was the case for Benson’s attacker, Albert as he was forced to kill her to stop the gang from assaulting his mother.  Law and Order: SVU season 24 continues Thursdays on NBC in the US. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 