Liverpool went wild after it was nominated to host Eurovision 2023 on behalf of Ukraine after they won the 2022 title. The BBC hosted the handover ceremony with Rylan Clark and AJ Odudu as hosts during the glitzy event. Viewers were treated to Liverpool's official promotional video and they could not help but feel emotional. AJ and Rylan gave some special guests the opportunity to reveal which countries would vote in which semi-final during Eurovision 2023. They also used the ceremony as an opportunity to showcase Liverpool and its best assets as the city prepares to host this year's contest in May. Viewers heard from Ukrainian refugees who had settled in Liverpool, who said they were thrilled to see their country claim victory last year. The Big Five countries, including France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom, will take to the stage from May 9 to May 13. READ MORE: Eurovision 2023 trailer and logo unveiled ahead of handover ceremon... The show also showcased Liverpool's official promotional video and viewers took to Twitter to share their thoughts. Zeph said: "I'm actually getting goosebumps from this Liverpool trailer #Eurovision2023." Tasha added: "The UK organized such an amazing ceremony, I'm sobbing #Eurovision2023." Fleur said of the video: "AMAZING SOBBING #Eurovision2023." Kay Carson shared: "I am so proud of #Liverpool right now" with a series of heart emojis. Jay shared: "That Liverpool video has legit just made me cry. I’m so proud of this city and I still can’t actually believe the contest is here. #Eurovision2023." Rob concluded: "The BBC is doing us proud already #Eurovision2023." Ahead of the video, Rylan said: "The anticipation is really building for the big event and some of the people and communities in Liverpool tell us what it means to them to have their city as the host city." DON'T MISS... Naga Muchetty apologises after Charlie Stayt ‘disrespects’ Sam Ryder Eurovision star and activist dies after battling illness 'Insane' - Airbnb cancel bookings in Liverpool to relist for £8,000 Viewers then saw various landmarks in Liverpool as the celebrity narrators said: "Go out and look across the water, where the ferry crosses the Mersey and the skyline rolls like a wave. "Before anything else came the people, working in unison from Penny Lane to Hope Street. "Walking in triumph, in sorrow and in joy. On the streets of this city, the people prepare. "Holding their breath, waiting and watching, ready to welcome the music, the dancing, the twisting and shouting. "The laughter, the unity, the sheer phenomenal all together now of Eurovision. "Come with us on this epic journey, where we are once again united by music. "And as Liverpool, we'll forever promise you'll never walk alone." After the victory of Kalush Orchestra in Turin, Ukraine should traditionally host the Eurovision Song Contest 2023. But due to Russia's invasion of the country, the contest could not be held in Ukraine. Instead, the Liverpool Arena next to River Mersey will host the contest. 