From April, the Energy Price Guarantee is increasing, with average annual bills to go up to £3,000 a year. Many energy suppliers offer help to those who are struggling to pay their bills or who have ended up in energy debt. Below are details about some of the schemes that have been put in place to help struggling Britons cover their energy bills. The British Gas Support Fund was created to help British Gas customers with an energy debt of between £250 and £1,500. The scheme is open to British Gas customers living in England, Scotland, or Wales, and they must be in or facing fuel poverty. Fuel poverty in England is measured using the Low Income Low Energy Efficiency (LILEE) indicator. READ MORE: Santander scam warning as 'convincing' letter threatens woman with missed payment fees  Depending on a person’s circumstances, Bulb may be able to provide a £150 grant, write off energy debts up to £2,000, or kit them out with energy efficient device, to help reduce their bills. A person may be eligible for the grant if they don’t have access to the gas grid, if they or someone they live with has a disability or health problem, or if they pay for their energy by topping up their meter. The £2,000 debt write-off scheme may be available to people who meet all of these criteria: READ MORE: Three key ways people can structure their budget in 2023 to 'avoid financial stress' Shell Energy is giving an extra £150 to customers who receive the Warm Home Discount. There is no need to apply for the scheme. The money will appear on the eligible person’s energy bill as an additional £150 payment shortly after they receive the Warm Home Discount. To be eligible for the Warm Home Discount, people must either receive the Guaranteed Credit element of Pension Credit or be on a low income, while also meeting their energy supplier’s criteria for the scheme. People can find out if they qualify for the support by contacting their energy supplier. Those eligible as they receive Guaranteed Credit can contact the Warm Home Discount helpline on 0800 731 0214 if they haven’t received a letter about the support. Several other suppliers are providing help for Britons who are struggling to pay their bills. These include: