Marcus Rashford has encouraged Everton to swerve sacking Frank Lampard as he believes the Toffees showed fight and determination in their 3-1 FA Cup defeat to Manchester United. The Red Devils were largely dominant throughout the spectacle but there was one hairy moment in the second half when Dominic Calvert-Lewin looked to have levelled things up after entering the field from the bench. Fortunately for United, they were saved by the linesman's flag as the host's blushes were spared before they eventually added a third goal from the spot courtesy of Rashford. He believes Everton are still battling for their under-pressure boss as Lampard continues to fight to keep his job at Goodison Park. Rashford issued rare praise for the opposition during his post-match interview, telling ITV: "Yeah, they're under a bit of pressure but I thought they did well. "They didn't panic after they conceded so early on. They got back in the game twice, one was offside. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag casts doubt over Jadon Sancho return following Holland exile "They're still fighting for each other, they're still a team so hopefully things get better for them." Lampard was facing calls from the sack earlier this week as Brighton were thumped 4-1 at home to Brighton in the Premier League. The dismal display also came just days after Everton delivered one of their best performances of the season to earn a shock 1-1 draw at Manchester City. And if Lampard is to continue working on Merseyside, he has more problems to navigate after Alex Iwobi picked up a serious-looking ankle injury. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE The Nigerian international was chopped down by Tyrell Malacia in the second half and twisted his ankle in the turf. He was visibly upset as he left the field on a stretcher as he struggled to hold back the tears. Iwobi was consoled by his Everton team-mates on the pitch as he received treatment but it seems he could be set for an unfortunate spell on the sidelines. Everton are yet to show any signs of activity in the January transfer market, sparking concern they could be gearing up for another relegation dog-fight. Young striker Ellis Simms was recently recalled by the Toffees after shining on loan at Sunderland. The Black Cats were angered by the way his stint on Wearside was cut short so abruptly in the midst of a hectic Championship schedule. Simms came off the bench in the midweek defeat to Brighton but he is yet to feature from the outset for the Toffees since returning to Goodison Park. Everton return to action next Saturday when they host Southampton in a must-win clash in the Premier League.