A former American defence intelligence analyst, who became a Cold War-era double agent and spied for Cuba, has been freed from jail five years before her sentence was due to end. The Federal Bureau of Prisons website shows 65-year-old Ana Montes was released on Friday after serving 20 years of a 25-year prison sentence at a federal prison in Fort Worth, Texas. During her time as an analyst, she admitted revealing the identities of four American undercover agents to Cuban authorities - and disclosed some secrets so sensitive they could not be described publicly. Court records also said she provided documents that revealed details about US surveillance of Cuban weapons. The now 65-year-old spent almost two decades spying for Cuba. She was arrested in September 2001 and pleaded guilty a year later to conspiring to commit espionage. Former DIA investigator Chris Simmons who helped investigate Montes said she was prolific and effective at giving the Cubans damaging intelligence, who are suspected of selling that information on to other enemies of the US. READ MORE: Man sentenced for 'brutal' rape and killing of mother of four after more than 40 years  "A lot of spies historically have given up information, but she repeatedly tried to get Americans killed in combat," Mr Simmons was quoted by NBC as saying. "A very deadly woman, a very dangerous woman." Officials at the time suspected that Cuba recruited Montes for spying in the 1980s and she was employed by the Pentagon’s Defense Intelligence Agency as an analyst from 1985-2001. She was eventually promoted to be the DIA’s top Cuba analyst. Prosecutors said during this time, Montes received regular coded messages from Havana over a short-wave radio as strings of numbers, which she would type onto a decryption-equipped laptop to translate to text. DON'T MISSHarry and Meghan 'hurt' as Netflix show backfires in US [REPORT]Richard Branson says he found Elon Musk in his kitchen [INSIGHT]Police officer sentenced after wife put his semen in cupcakes [LATEST] The FBI and DIA began investigating her in the fall of 2000 but, in response to the September 11, 2001 terror attacks, she had access to plans for US attacks against Afghanistan and the Taliban. This added a sense of urgency to her arrest. On September 21, 2001, Montes was arrested in Washington, DC, and charged with conspiracy to deliver defence information to Cuba. At her sentencing, Montes argued she had obeyed her conscience and that US policy to Cuba was cruel and unfair. "I felt morally obligated to help the island defend itself from our efforts to impose our values and our political system on it," she said. READ MORE: Cuban Missile Crisis: Thirteen days in which the world held its breath In early 2002, she was sentenced to 25 years in prison after pleading guilty to espionage. Following Montes’ release, Florida Sen. Marco Rubio strongly condemned the former spy for betraying the US and assisting Cuba’s communist regime. “Americans should remember Ana Belén Montes for who she really is, despite the fact that she has served her time in prison. If we forget this spy’s story, it will surely repeat itself,” Rubio said in a statement released on Saturday. Ana Montes was born to Alberto Montes, a Puerto Rican who joined the US Army and later became a Freudian psychotherapist, and his wife, Emilia. Montes grew up with her sister and two brothers in Kansas and Maryland, a bright high achiever who graduated from the University of Virginia and then earned a masters at Johns Hopkins’ prestigious School of Advanced International Studies. There she met Marta Velazquez, a Cuban operative who zeroed in on Montes’ sympathies for left-leaning movements in Central America, particularly the Sandinistas in Nicaragua. Montes then switched over her allegiances to Cuba and worked her way up through the ranks of espionage.