The Woman’s Hour presenter announced to fans on Instagram she had “welcomed a daughter to the world” with her husband after previously giving birth to a son in 2018. Yesterday on Instagram she typed: “She’s here. Last week we welcomed a daughter into the world. “The embryo that took. The one that stayed. The shell that finally opened.” Emma shared a photo of her bump painted by pregnancy artist Emma Allen. The artwork on her pregnant belly showed an underwater scene featuring an oyster shell opened to reveal a pearl inside. READ MORE: BBC's Woman's Hour presenter Emma Barnett welcomes baby after IVF She has previously opened up about having endometriosis and how it affects her fertility. The Radio 4 host, who also presents Emma Barnett Meets for Bloomberg, revealed she was expecting a baby via iNews in September, after suffering a miscarriage at the beginning of 2022. A host of celebrities congratulated the journalist on the birth, including Woman's Hour co-host Anita Rani, Cressida Bonas and MP Stella Creasy. The journalist said in the article that she and her husband had decided their sixth attempt would be their last - describing it as "eerily ironic" that it had then been successful. Meanwhile, her fans rejoiced in the comment section. luciennecoaching commented: “Congratulations! We were just talking about you and you popped up in my feed. Spooky!” sophieeden12 added: “Mazel tov! Sending you loads of love and hope you’re all doing well xxx.” london_roo typed: “The start of a whole new journey. Well done for getting this far. Know how hard it is. Wishing you and your family well.” Last year Emma opened up about her struggle to conceive after struggling with secondary infertility. She told The Times: “'I have had five rounds of IVF, one miscarriage and more internal examinations than I care to recall. There is still no second baby.” The former BBC Newsnight presenter said she last spoke about her fertility problems after her son was born, saying that stories of unsuccessful IVF treatment were rarely shared. She added: “My womb is definitely empty, and I am reporting to you live from the front lines of failure in the hope that it may be helpful and, to be honest. “I am not looking for sympathy or pity – I am sharing my story in the hope it will help more people understand and explore what motivates us to keep trying.” Recent research shows that fertility issues affect up to one in seven people of working age. The study, conducted by Fertility Matters at Work, revealed 69.5 per cent took sick leave during fertility treatment rather than ask for time off to avoid alerting work colleagues, and 36 per cent of those undergoing assisted conception considered leaving their jobs. Emma said that at the start of her IVF treatment four years ago she was diagnosed with endometriosis, a painful condition that causes tissue similar to the lining of the womb to grow in other places, such as the ovaries.