Three years ago the UK began its transition out of the European Union, after voting to leave in the Brexit referendum 52 percent to 48 percent in 2016. Since then, much debate has surrounded whether Britain should rejoin the EU, especially in light of logistical issues and fresh forecasts that suggest the country could be financially worse off outside Brussels. Despite this, a new poll of Express.co.uk readers has found just 25 percent think there should be a second ballot on the UK’s membership of the bloc. In contrast, a Savanta survey for The Independent found 65 percent of Britons support a second referendum, with the majority polled also believing the UK’s global influence and ability to control its borders have worsened since leaving the EU. The results show an increase of 10 percent, compared to the 55 percent in favour of a second vote at the same time last year, after just two years out of the bloc. In response to the results, Chris Hopkins, from Savanta, said many may have overestimated the potential benefits of Brexit at the 2016 ballot. He explained: “It’s hard to imagine being in the EU would solve any of the country’s current economic issues, but perceptions matter.” Liberal Democrat foreign affairs spokesperson Layla Moran said: “It’s no wonder that the British public feels this way, when the Conservatives have gone out of their way to make it harder for smaller businesses to trade with our neighbours, for farmers to sell their produce overseas, and for scientists to cooperate with their counterparts.” READ MORE: Sunak accused of 'reversing Brexit' as Brexit bonfire facing delay In response, Express.co.uk ran a poll from 9.30am on Tuesday, January 3, to 11.30am on Wednesday, January 4, asking readers: “Do you agree UK should hold a second Brexit referendum?” In total, 15,572 people cast their votes, with the vast majority, 75 percent (11.599 people) answering “no” against a second referendum. Whereas 25 percent (3,923 people) were in favour of a second ballot on the UK’s European Union membership, and a further 50 people said they did not know either way. Thousands of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers debated whether the UK should vote again on Brexit. Many readers argued that a second referendum was not necessary, with username DoggyPaws writing: “We either respect democracy or we don't!” Username ginniepinky said: “It was a once-in-a-lifetime vote, and we voted, there will be no going back.” Username JL77 said: “Accept democracy and get Brexit completed not another expensive referendum that we cannot afford!” And username UKForever added: “Definitely no! We are only just beginning to see the Brexit benefits!” DON'T MISS: While you were celebrating the eurozone quietly got a new member [REPORT]Lords 'will delay' Sunak's plans to scrap 4,000 EU laws by end of 2023 [LATEST]‘Mistakes were made on Brexit’ Protocol ‘too strict’ says Irish PM [UPDATE] Another, username Captain Napper II said: “There is no way back to the EU. That boat has sailed.” While username Tashman66 wrote: “The trouble is that, although we voted for Brexit, we never actually got it. We need to complete Brexit before we think about any new votes.” However, other readers commented that the UK should be given another chance to vote, with username Strong like bull writing: “Brexit has failed and people have obviously changed their minds. A fresh vote is the democratic thing to do.” While username Stillhere said: “Perhaps in another 20 years' time if there is a real demand for it.”  A Government spokesperson said: “We are taking full advantage of the many benefits of Brexit, and are restoring the UK’s status as a sovereign, independent country that determines its own future. "We have taken back control of our borders, restored domestic control over our law-making and axed numerous pieces of bureaucratic red tape, saving businesses and consumers money across the country.” Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer has previously spoken out against a second referendum, emphasising that Britain should accept the result. He told the BBC last year: “We have exited the EU and we are not going back - let me be very clear... about that. There is no case for rejoining. “What I want to see now is not just Brexit done in the sense that we’re technically out of the EU, I want to make it work.  want to make sure we take advantage of the opportunities and we have a clear plan for Brexit.”