Arsenal are facing a final 'complex' hurdle in the pursuit of Mykhaylo Mudryk, according to reports. The Gunners are hopeful of completing a deal for the Ukraine star soon. Arsenal's interest in Mudryk has been the saga of the January transfer window so far. The Premier League leaders saw their first two bids rejected before submitting a third proposal this week. A total fee of between £75million and £80m is set to be agreed with Shakhtar Donetsk. However, the structure of the deal is still to be finalised. The Athletic claims the negotiations for Mudryk are 'complex'. Shakhtar are yet to decide if they are happy with the terms Arsenal have put on the table. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Arsenal are determined to do all they can to secure the 22-year-old's signature. The structure of the add-on payments is now one of the final pieces to be agreed upon. Mudryk has already agreed personal terms with Arsenal and the Gunners are hopeful a deal will be completed soon. Mudryk could make his debut against Manchester United if he signs before midday next Friday. He has not hidden his desire to join Arsenal on social media. He has repeatedly liked memes regarding a potential move to the Emirates and has posted stories on his Instagram hinting that a deal could be close. Signing a winger has been the priority for Mikel Arteta since the end of the summer transfer window. However, the Spaniard was giving nothing away when asked about Mudryk at his press conference on Friday. DON'T MISSMudryk 'insisting on Arsenal transfer today' as Shakhtar tease fansTottenham boss Conte tipped to resign if they lose Arsenal clashArsenal sent Mudryk warning after making breakthrough in transfer talks  He said: "You know we can’t talk about any other player. There is some interest on things we would like to do to improve the team obviously, because we are a bit short in certain areas and with the injuries that we've got. "We are trying, as a club, we are determined to try and improve the team in every window and that is what we are trying to do." Mudryk has made just 44 senior appearances for Shakhtar, scoring 12 goals and registering 17 assists. Shakhtar were initially requesting a fee of up to £88m, to bring his fee more in line with the likes of Antony and Jack Grealish. However, Arsenal look set to agree a total amount lower than the original demand. It will still surpass the club-record signing of Nicolas Pepe, who cost £72m in 2019.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here