Arsenal have reportedly hired YouTube and social media sensation Hussein Isa, aka Tekkers Guru, as their new attacking phase coach with the 34-year-old enjoying a varied career that has also seen him fill in as a body double for Lionel Messi. He is set to work with the likes of Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Jesus as Mikel Arteta wants to see more efficiency from his attacking talents. Arsenal have been vastly improved going forward this season with the addition of Jesus from Manchester City in the summer crucial to helping link up the side’s attack. Only the Sky Blues have scored more goals than the Gunners in the Premier League this season with the club’s offensive player a crucial reason why they currently sit five points clear at the top of the table. However, Arteta is still looking for more efficiency in front of goal from his team and as a result, the club have hired Isa to assist their attacking talents according to the Athletic. He will be responsible for working alongside first-team and leading academy stars as an attacking phase coach and will begin work during the summer. Isa was an attacking midfielder in his playing days representing some non-League clubs while he has also played for England in futsal. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE He amassed a large social media following after posting multiple videos showcasing his skills and free-kick ability online while he also played for huge YouTube side Hashtag United between 2016 and 2018, gaining the opportunity to play at Wembley with the team. He has also acted as a body double for Messi in the past as a result of his technical ability. However, his day job revolves around coaching and he initially spent time as a trainee at the Gunners' fierce rivals Tottenham before working one-to-one at QPR and Crystal Palace. He currently operates on his own but was able to showcase his coaching talents to his masses during the Coronavirus crisis when he broadcast training sessions via his Instagram story in a similar style to the PE lessons pushed by the body coach Joe Wicks. The sessions were titled “#YouAndTheBall” and took place at 1pm every weekday and centred around the art of ball mastery and movement. DON'T MISSDecisive Wout Weghorst meeting scheduled to unlock Man Utd loan transfer for Erik ten HagMan Utd 'submit loan bid for Vincent Aboubakar' with striker to pick between two proposalsWout Weghort 'waves goodbye' to Besiktas supporters with Man Utd transfer 'advanced' Speaking to the Daily Star at the time Isa said: Although we all can’t physically be on the training pitch, we can provide positive effective technical training to help players continue to develop.” “All they need is a voice of guidance to demonstrate and articulate interactively. “The tools and capacity we have to affect has never been greater, so I’m doing this to give back to players all over the world during difficult time. “You just need a space and the ball and willingness to listen and try.” It remains to be seen what kind of impact Isa will have at Arsenal but long-term fans of the YouTube sensational will be happy to see the heights he has been able to hit in his career.