After years of rumours and speculation, Goldeneye 007 is finally back on modern platforms. Goldeneye 007 has a January 27 release date on Xbox One, Xbox Series X/S and Nintendo Switch (via Nintendo Switch Online + Expansion Pack). The Xbox version is available on Game Pass, and as part of the Rare Replay collection - it's free if you already own a copy. Goldeneye is expected to launch at midnight local time, while the Switch version is likely to go live at 2pm GMT UK time (based on previous Switch Online updates). After PlayStation-exclusive action game Forspoken received less than favourable reviews earlier this week, it looks like Goldeneye 007 could be this year's first essential release. Both versions feature the same classic Goldeneye gameplay, albeit with one or two modern upgrades. The Nintendo Switch edition more closely resembles the N64 release, although fans can now enjoy online multiplayer and a widescreen display. The Xbox version comes with even more improvements, such as 4K Ultra HD visuals, achievements and alternative control options. And don't worry if you're a fan of the original Goldeneye, because the upcoming release includes split-screen multiplayer for four people. Check out the trailer below for a look at the improvements available with the Xbox version of Goldeneye 007. As a reminder, one month of Xbox Game Pass is available for just £1 for new customers. After your £1 trial, Game Pass is £7.99 a month for access to the game library, or £10.99 for Game Pass Ultimate. Xbox Game Pass Ultimate combines Game Pass with Xbox Gold, meaning you can play your favourite multiplayer games online. You can also access console and PC games over the cloud. Nintendo Switch Online + Expansion Pass, on the other hand, adds Sega Mega Drive and N64 titles to the games library. That's on top of additional bonuses like free Mario Kart 8 Deluxe DLC, Animal Crossing New Horizons content, and Splatoon rewards. A f ter years of rumours and speculation, Goldeneye 007 is finally back on modern platforms. Goldeneye 007 has a January 27 release date on Xbox One, Xbox Series X/S and Nintendo Switch (via Nintendo Switch Online + Expansion Pack). The Xbox version is available on Game Pass, and as part of the Rare Replay collection - it's free if you already own a copy. Goldeneye is expected to launch at midnight local time, while the Switch version is likely to go live at 2pm GMT UK time (based on previous Switch Online updates).