Unbeknown to Ricky Jr Mitchell (played by Frankie Day) he has been thrown into a major plot in EastEnders, thanks to Lily Slater (Lillia Turner). So now fans are curious to know more about the young actor who portrays the teenager in the BBC One soap. Here's all there is to know about actor Frankie Day and the youngster he portrays. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from EastEnders. The character of Ricky Jr has been played by three different actors with Frankie Day joining EastEnders in 2018. The actor's exact age isn't known but according to his agent's website, his suggested playing age is nine to 11. His co-star Turner, who is behind Lily Slater in the soap, is believed to be 13, and plays a 12 year old. So both she and Day are of roughly the same age but it is known the characters are both 12 in the show. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly shut down by rail boss over strike 'celebrity' probe' Ricky Jr was born on September 2, 2010, while Sam Mitchell (Kim Medcalf) was having an affair with Jack Branning (Scott Maslen). She was married to Ricky Butcher (Sid Owen) but pretended the newborn baby was his and so called him Ricky Jr. The youngster is going to turn 13 in September with Turner a little older as her birthday is in June. Soon, fans are bound to see Ricky suddenly tied up in the first major storyline of 2023. The Slater family were taken to hospital after their New Year party as some were experiencing bad headaches while others collapsed. It was revealed they had been victims of carbon monoxide poisoning and while they were all alright, something else showed up when tests were done on Lily. Mum Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) was shocked to be told that her daughter was pregnant. Since she is only 12 years old, social services and the police had to get involved. DON'T MISS...GB News uproar over claims Meghan and Harry ‘milking Diana’s legacy’ [REACTION]EastEnders fans 'work out' Freddie Slater lie after Lily pregnancy [EXPLAINER]Billy Mitchell could be sent to prison for murder in EastEnders [SPOILER] When Stacey broke the news to Lily, she burst into tears, clearly confused. However, she refused to tell her mum what happened and who the father of the baby was. When she was able to return home, Stacey saw Lily waving out the window to Ricky Jr and she admitted he was the dad. But there is speculation that Lily is lying as she said Ricky could never find out so is she just trying to protect the identity of the real dad? Prior to her reveal, fans had theorised a number of other Walford residents as the dad. Some of the predictions included Nugget Gulati (Juhaim Rasul Choudhury), Freddie Slater (Bobby Brazier) and even Ricky Snr. Hopefully, if Ricky Jr isn't the dad, Lily will come clean with the truth soon. EastEnders is available to watch on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.