Joe Biden's handling of classified documents will be "hanging over" the Democrat Party for a while, according to a White House reporter. Journalist Eli Stokols said the Biden Administration had tried to paint itself as completely different from its predecessor but the discovery of the files and the White House's subsequent management of the issue "takes the paint off" the presidency. Speaking on CNN, Stokols said: "They might be confident that in the end, this won't really go anywhere, it'll be fine, but it's going to hang over them for a while. "And I think the damaging thing that people are worried about is to that perception. This takes some paint off the Biden presidency. "And it's because they're supposed to be the ones who know what they're doing, they're supposed to be the grown-ups, the competent ones. "And this does not look like an example of great competence here." JUST IN: One dead and four injured after gunmen open fire outside US nightclub  Host Abby Phillip noted the President's past comments about Donald Trump keeping classified documents at his Mar-a-Lago property "muddies the water". Biden labelled his predecessor "irresponsible" last year after a new batch of documents was discovered at Trump's Florida resort in August. He said: "How that could possibly happen, how anyone could be that irresponsible? "And I thought what data was in there that may compromise sources and methods. By that, I mean, names of people helped or et cetera." READ MORE: 'Concerted effort!' Ex-Trump aides hatch plan to stop 45th POTUS' White House return Phillip argued the President was now "compounded" by his earlier commentary on the ongoing DoJ investigation into Trump's alleged mishandling of classified documents. House Republicans on Sunday demanded the White House turn over all information related to searches that have uncovered classified documents at the President's Delaware home and former office in Washington DC. James Comer, the chairman of the House Oversight and Accountability Committee, insisted he and his colleagues “have a lot of questions" about the unearthed files. Comer demanded to see all documents and communications related to the searches by the Biden team, as well as visitor logs of his home in Wilmington from his inauguration in January 2021 up until now. DON'T MISS: Ron DeSantis Presidency would prioritise ‘EU over UK [SPOTLIGHT]Republicans ready for 'war' as Biden in ‘ugly’ situation [INSIGHT]Ron DeSantis unveils manifesto with all eyes on 2024 bid [REVEALED]  The US Secret Service regularly provides security at the President's private residence, but agency spokesman Anthony Guglielmi said the service does not maintain visitor logs. Guglielmi said: “We don’t independently maintain our own visitor logs because it’s a private residence." He added that the agency does screen visitors to the President’s properties but doesn’t maintain records of those checks. Comer said the aim of the demand is to determine who might have had access to classified material and how the records got there. Speaking to the CNN, he said: “My concern is that the special counsel was called for, but yet hours after that we still had the President’s personal attorneys, who have no security clearance, still rummaging around the President’s residence, looking for things — I mean that would essentially be a crime scene, so to speak."