Although their Channel 4 show has now come to an end, fans can still enjoy reflecting on Dick Strawbridge and Angel Adoree's adventures by rewatching the series. One of the latest episodes showed the jokey side of the hard-working couple's relationship, with Dick savagely mocking his wife in the series nine premiere. As the chateau reopened for business after being closed for two years, Angel was panicking about getting things up and running again. Dick and Angel began making preparations to host the 12 weddings they had lined up at the picturesque chateau. However, at one point Angel realised Dick was planning to do some work in an outside area typically enjoyed by wedding guests. As she tracked him down to find out what he was doing, Dick explained: "It's going to look different when I scrape it, it's going to look muddier." READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes brands Andrew’s silence over Eugenie baby news 'cruel' "Oh, right..." a concerned Angel replied, while Dick walked through the grass and explained what he was hoping to do. "This here, this whole area here - that is all wildflowers," he told his wife. "Yes," Angel replied. "When do you think it will at least be green? Because we've got five weeks." Taking out his phone and placing it to his ear, Dick commented: "Hello, God? Hello?" As Angel began chuckling, Dick mocked: "My wife's asking me a question here, and I have no idea." "You are such a pee-pee taker," Angel hit back, smiling at her husband. Handing Angel the phone, Dick stated: "It's for you." "Actually, could you let my husband know that it can't be mud for five weeks' time, when our first wedding is?" Angel spoke into the phone. "You didn't tell me that before we started," Dick remarked. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale fans spot major problem with David Metcalfe storyline [REACTION]Piers Morgan wants final showdown with Meghan and Harry [LATEST]EastEnders' Jay Brown star pays tribute to 'fantastic' Lola actress [VIDEO] "I didn't know you would scrape it," Angel pointed out. "But no, seriously now. I know you don't give... about this, I know that - but I do. "I know it's never been a wild meadow at this time but what it can't be is mud. So if you didn't scrape it, would grass and stuff still grow back?" "I was thinking of pollarding the trees as well, by the way," Dick quipped. Rolling her eyes, Angel responded: "Yeah, you can just... You know what you can do." "Darling, right, to be honest, to be honest, it will not look like this," Dick assured her. "It won't look like mud?" she asked, still concerned. Dick answered: "And it's not going to look like the ploughed field it did the first time." "Okay, I'm going to let you get on because you're doing a brilliant job," Angel grinned. Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on More4.