Jill Biden stopped attempts from the press to ask Joe Biden questions at the end of the Chinese Lunar New Year reception at the White House. The President has refused to address the discovery of classified files at an office in DC and his home in Delaware, sparking accusations of a lack of transparency. Footage from the reception shows Biden surrounded by attendees as members of the press pack attempt to ask him questions about his handling of files. As the President turns around to face reporters, Mrs Biden is seen approaching him and raising her hands towards the journalists in what appears to be an attempt to placate their questions. She then turns towards Biden, 80, and starts guiding him out of the room despite reporters still trying to press the President on their queries. The First Lady, 71, had previously dragged her husband on stage to greet their guests, saying: "Come on up, Joe." The President appeared to ask Mrs Biden whether he would be asked to dance, to which a laughing FLOTUS said: "No, you're not going to dance, believe me. "We don't want to ruin the evening." JUST IN: Manhunt underway for depraved man who allegedly tortured woman he held captive President Biden has refused to answer whether he was aware of the contents of the classified files and whether his beach home in Rehoboth would also be searched for more documents. After the White House announced earlier this month that Biden's lawyers had recovered some documents at his DC office in November, the President said he was "surprised" by the discovery. He said he had been advised not to ask about the content of the files, refusing to answer questions on the matter since. The White House has also refused to address the issue, with Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre continuously deflecting attempts to grill her. READ MORE: Suspects filmed 'callously laughing' at 19-year-old rape victim shortly before her death At her daily press briefings, Jean-Pierre said: "I would refer you to the White House Counsel's Office who had been regularly in touch with all of you answering these questions about the law. "I'm not going to comment from here on that. I will refer you to the White House Counsel, and anything related to classified documents from here." The National Archives has asked former US presidents and vice presidents to recheck their personal records for any classified documents following the news that President Biden and former Vice President Mike Pence had such documents in their possession. The Archives sent a letter Thursday to representatives of former presidents and vice presidents extending back to Ronald Reagan to ensure compliance with the Presidential Records Act. DON'T MISS: Snow showers to lash parts of UK this weekend amid blizzard fears [FORECAST]Samantha Markle exposes another Meghan 'lie' [INSIGHT]Royal Family still has to deal with racism, despite Harry's new claim [COMMENT] The act states that any records created or received by the president are the property of the US Government and will be managed by the Archives at the end of an administration. Freddy Ford, chief of staff to former President George W. Bush, suggested in his response to the Archives that Bush's office did not believe a search was necessary, saying: “Thank you for your note. "We understand its purpose and remain confident that no such materials are in our possession.” Biden’s lawyers came across classified documents from his time as vice president in a locked cabinet as they were packing up an office he no longer uses in November. Since then, subsequent searches by the FBI and Biden’s lawyers have turned up more documents. Former Vice President Pence this week discovered documents and turned them in after saying previously he did not believe he had any.