Liverpool chief Julian Ward’s work at Anfield is not yet complete with any deal made this year to be credited to the outgoing sporting director, according to reports. Ward is set to depart the Reds at the end of the season. The Liverpool-born director only recently replaced Michael Edwards and there has been consternation among fans over the loss of two sporting directors in a brief period. Officials were shocked to learn of Ward’s resignation when it was made public in November. Given that Liverpool are not expected to complete any more business in the January transfer window, many might expect Ward’s work to be complete. However, he will instead be busy behind the scenes and will be credited for any arrivals signed for the remainder of the year. Ward will continue to operate for the remainder of the season and will not have a successor appointed before his exit. The wider recruitment department is trying to bring in the right profile of player. Transfer deadline day LIVE - Arsenal agree Jorginho deal That is according to the Liverpool Echo, who hint that Ward could still have a major role to play in one of the biggest Liverpool deals in recent years. The Reds are understood to be leading the race among Premier League clubs to sign England starlet Jude Bellingham. Liverpool will battle with Real Madrid for the signing of the Borussia Dortmund midfielder, who could cost north of £100m. Plenty of groundwork has already been completed, and should Bellingham sign ahead of 2023-24 he will be considered a ‘Ward signing’. Klopp has ruled out any business on transfer deadline day. He said after Liverpool’s dismal FA Cup defeat by Brighton: “No, nothing will happen in this transfer window.” Cody Gakpo is the club’s only signing of the winter window. Liverpool went under the radar over the Christmas period to complete a £35m move for the former PSV winger, who was previously linked with Manchester United. DON'T MISS...Liverpool transfer news: Sander Berge interest, £10m deal, BellinghamBellingham verbal deal, Neuhaus plan - how Liverpool can save JanuaryJurgen Klopp's view on Liverpool future with surprise exit clause Klopp is known to want to strengthen in midfield. The position has been a major issue for Liverpool this season and is partly why they sit a lowly ninth in the Premier League. But the right deals have not presented themselves during the January window. Moises Caicedo has remained at Brighton and Liverpool are unlikely to pay the sums of money Arsenal and Chelsea have unsuccessfully offered to the Seagulls for the Ecuador international. A pursuit of Bellingham will wait until the summer. The 19-year-old is known to be open to leaving Dortmund, despite the Bundesliga club wanting to tie him down to a blockbuster contract.