Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta insists he cares about the club’s reputation after receiving two FA charges in as many weeks - and has responded to his critics like Richard Keys. The Gunners have been criticised for surrounding referees when decisions have not gone their way, and now face a strong punishment from the governing body. Arteta’s players were incensed not to win penalties in their recent games against Newcastle and Oxford United. They were denied a spot-kick in the final minute of their goalless draw with the Magpies, before a similar incident occurred in the 3-0 FA Cup win at Oxford. Arsenal’s stars surrounded the referee in both games and have since been charged twice by the FA. They have also received widespread criticism, particularly from former Sky Sports anchor Keys. Keys, a frequent critic of Arteta, said on BeIN Sports: “When there’s no discipline nor example of how to behave coming from the coach, what do people expect? This is The Arsenal – a classy outfit – like the coach – out of control. It’s sad to witness." JUST IN: Arsenal fans slam FA and worry about Tottenham after Zinchenko warning The Arsenal boss is not concerned by how he comes across. However, Arteta has insisted he cares about the club’s reputation. The Spaniard said on Friday: “I care a lot about the reputation of the club especially. Mine I can’t control. I am who I am. “I try to do my best to defend the players, to defend the club and that comes down with certain people who will not like it then, for sure, if everybody would like it, it wouldn’t be very good, I don’t think.” Arsenal travel to Tottenham for the North London derby on Sunday. The Gunners were beaten 3-0 at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium and once again lost their cool over a couple of refereeing decisions, not least a harsh red card for defender Rob Holding. DON'T MISS...Tottenham boss Antonio Conte takes swipe at Arsenal's FA chargeArsenal star Zinchenko 'received warning from FA' for over-celebratingChelsea in crisis - Boehly's Potter sack chats, trio under fire, more Arteta’s side never recovered from the defeat and lost to Newcastle four days later - ultimately failing to qualify for the Champions League. The Arsenal manager reflected: “It was a very difficult day, especially the way the game developed and what actually happened in the game but obviously you learn a lot from difficult moments. We certainly did. “Whether it is actually directly linked to a change of behaviour or the team performing better, there are many factors to that. But hopefully we have learned some lessons from that day and we still have something for Sunday. “I think the players and the staff and everybody at the club deserve a lot of credit for the way they have behaved in difficult moments. In good moments, everyone wants to be on board. In difficult moments, you see people looking at each other and blaming each other. That’s not been the case.”