Prince Harry has said he wants his father and brother “back” during an ITV preview of an interview which will be broadcasted on Sunday, two days before his memoir will be released. ITV has said the interview will go into “unprecedented depth and detail” about the Duke of Sussex’s life within and outside the Royal Family. In the short preview clip for ITV, Prince Harry said: “I would like to get my father back, I would like to have my brother back." In a series of clips edited together in a short 20-second video, Prince Harry spoke about the “leaking and the planting” of stories, and also added: “I want a family, not an institution.” Prince Harry claimed “they feel as though it is better to keep us somehow as the villains” and alleged that “they have shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile” While it is not explicitly stated that the Duke of Sussex is talking about the Royal Family, Prince Harry claimed in his recent documentary that members of his family were leaking stories about him and his wife, Meghan Markle, to the media   Judi James, a leading body language and communications expert, said Prince Harry’s movements showed signs of “suppressed anger” despite calling for reconciliation. In an interview with the Mirror, she claimed: "In a powerful moment, Harry tells Tom two things: ‘I would like to get my father back’ and ‘I would like to have my brother back.’ "But he makes these statements despite behaving in a way that could ensure that never happens. The message sounds like a plea but it is not presented like that. The body language expert then described his behaviour and explained: "When Harry says ‘I would like my father back’ he uses a stare and a lip clamp that make him look defiant. “When he references William, he looks away with a head tilt that forms a shrug. Both seem to suggest he is waiting for them to make the moves. "We are also shown a staccato blink, a one-shoulder shrug and a head shake when he talks about ‘no willingness to reconcile’, which all suggest suppressed anger.” READ MORE: Kate has been 'huge support to William' after fallout with Harry The expert added: "It’s hard to understand Harry’s goals from this clip. He makes the family dynamics look far more ‘Game of Thrones’ than anything empathetic or conciliatory." Ms James also studied another interview preview of Prince Harry for another show airing on Sunday, 60 Minutes with Anderson Cooper, and said the royal looks “less assured’ and “uncomfortable”. The ITV and 60 Minutes interviews with Prince Harry and set to be released this Sunday. Judi said: "His eye expression looks more wary and defensive and we can see four gestures that would seem to confirm this wariness and discomfort: “He licks his lip, he raises one hand to rub his knuckles against his nose, he employs some heavy swallowing and he sniffs loudly. "The hand-to-the-face gesture looks like a cut-off or partial face-covering ritual that people tend to use when they are uncomfortable with the things they are saying.” DON'T MISS: POLL – Is it time for Royal Family to speak out on Prince Harry? [VOTE]Harry has royals 'worried' details of peace talks will be on Netflix [REVEAL]Harry and Meghan fail to understand UK is no longer in awe of royals [INSIGHT] In the 60 Minutes Trailer, Prince Harry claimed the Royal Family leaked stories about him: "The family motto is 'never complain, never explain', but it's just a motto. "They will feed or have a conversation with a correspondent, and that correspondent will literally be spoon-fed information and write the story, and at the bottom of it, they will say they have reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment. "But the whole story is Buckingham Palace commenting. "So when we're being told for the last six years, 'we can't put a statement out to protect you', but you do it for other members of the family, there becomes a point when silence is betrayal." In the same short clip, Prince Harry stated he could not see himself returning to the Royal Family to work as a full-time royal.   