Liverpool have until 11pm on Tuesday to rectify previous errors in the transfer market and give boss Jurgen Klopp the tools he needs to turn around the Reds’ season. Liverpool are languishing in mid-table after pre-season predictions that they would once again challenge Manchester City for the Premier League title, while they have also been knocked out of both domestic cups. Cody Gakpo moved to Anfield as their only January signing so far in an initial £34million deal from PSV, though fans and pundits have clamoured for Liverpool to bolster their midfield options. Jamie Carragher has been one of many that believe that the Reds have failed to replace Georginio Wijnaldum who left the club in 2021 and as many as three midfielders still need to come into the club. Several midfield additions would be a dramatic U-turn from the club, as Klopp admitted he is not expecting any more reinforcements before the window closes. “Nothing will happen in this transfer window, not at all,” Klopp said after the 2-1 FA Cup defeat to Brighton on Sunday. “It's all good with this squad.” However, a change of approach from the Liverpool chiefs and targeting several midfielders could save their window and potentially their season. Jude Bellingham is their top target and can fix a lot of their woes in the middle of the pitch, though the Reds face competition from the likes of Real Madrid and Manchester City for his signature. Borussia Dortmund want to keep their star until the end of the season and expect to fetch over £100million for the England World Cup star. Liverpool is reportedly Bellingham’s favoured option and while it would be unlikely to reach an agreement for him to join in January, a verbal deal that would confirm that Bellingham moves to Anfield in the summer would ease a lot of the anxiety surrounding the club. However, Liverpool still need midfield signings to join this month and could revisit a forgotten target in the form of Florian Neuhaus. Following an impressive season at Borussia Monchengladbach, Liverpool scouts began tracking his progress over a year ago as the German international had a £34.7m release clause, which has since expired. DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart Neuhaus had a difficult 2021/22 season, however, which has been followed up by a knee injury in September that the 25-year-old has only recently returned from. With the midfielder back up and running, Liverpool could reignite interest in the forward-thinking midfielder who would be available for a significantly reduced fee than during their previous pursuit and would help fix some of the issues currently presenting in the Liverpool midfield. Sofyan Amrabat and N’Golo Kante have recently been linked with moves to the Reds and would help on the defensive end, though Klopp has praised the performances of youngster Stefan Bajcetic who has deputised for Fabinho as of late and the Chelsea man especially would likely be a summer move. Neuhaus in addition to another midfielder, or another midfield option joining in January would certainly brighten the mood at Anfield and could save their window in addition to agreeing a Bellingham deal for the summer.