None of us think too much about our health until it’s gone - or we notice differences as we get older. Many of you will be aware I’ve had a fair few health issues of my own lately and the people who will be required to help put me right work in both the public and private health system. I have had three hospital stays over four months and however much respect I have for the people who fixed me up, no offence, I don’t want to see many of them again for a very long time. Today’s health headlines are dominated by NHS pay and whether the Prime Minister uses private healthcare or not. Regarding the pay issue, it’s about time we nurtured and valued NHS staff - and not just with money. Make everyone from a porter to a professor feel proud to be part of that NHS system and stop pretending there is no staffing or funding crisis within our hospital, ambulance, healthcare and social care system. Personally, I would pay medics what they need because whether it’s me, the Prime Minister, the Chancellor or you we would all cough up just to get better. Assuming we can cough up that is. Which leads me to the question of whether Rishi Sunak uses private healthcare or not? I assume he does, but to be honest I couldn’t care less. Nor should you. Good luck to him if he relieves strain on a totally overburdened system as long as that system maintains the capability of looking after everyone else who needs it. As for me, well it’s nearly four months since I last wrote this column, and I know many of you are wondering how I’m doing. Thanks to all of you who sent me lovely messages. Even though I’m not ready to go back to work physically, today I did. My job presenting Breakfast on GB News is not the hardest in the world, but getting from my home to the TV studio is tough work for a man who can’t balance without crutches, a frame or a wheelchair. But I believe working will help me mentally, and make those day-to-day little physical issues more achievable.  My big lesson is “prevention is better than cure”. So if your back is strong do all you can to keep it that way. I’m not going to lie, the last few months have not been easy. At one point my back wasn't working, my leg wasn't working, my shoulder wasn't working and of course, I wasn’t working! I wasn’t able to move my body and just when I thought my life couldn’t get much worse in November my amazing mum, Josie, died just two weeks short of her 94th birthday. As if that pain wasn’t enough I was bedbound and had to deal with the unthinkable – not being able to travel from England to Belfast to attend my own Mother’s funeral. However, a small consolation was that technology meant that instead, I was able to pay tribute during her Requiem Mass via a web link. So how am I now? Well, I am not better, but I am better than I was. And today I made what I hope will be the first step back in what I know will be a long road to recovery. I needed a bit of help and assistance from my amazing team at GB News to make sure I could be in place, alongside my co-presenter and friend Isabel Webster when we went live at 6am. Truthfully, I was drained when the cameras stopped rolling at 9.30am. Right now, I’m trying to look forward to the future. I remain on this journey as a sufferer of chronic pain.  But the fact I’m not alone on my journey is actually helping me to remain positive. I’ve literally had thousands of messages from people over the past few months and many of those poor folk are in far worse positions than I am. I’ve tried to respond to as many messages as I can. To those I haven’t, thank you for your kind words and encouragement. To those of you who live with pain and restrictions worse than mine, my heart goes out to you. A few grumbles if you may allow... To the people who design furniture – chairs, sofas and beds – why make them so low? One day you too will despise anything which places your bottom lower than your knees! And to anyone who’s responsible for buildings, try negotiating them in a wheelchair or with crutches. The amount of them that would fail an accessibility or mobility test is frightening. I don’t intend to need walking aids for much longer, but we should all have respect for people who find themselves in that position long or short-term. I know it’s a long road ahead - but every day I intend to make it a shorter one. See you in the morning hopefully! 