Aryna Sabalenka will play Elena Rybakina for the Daphne Akhurst Memorial Cup at the Australian Open on Sunday - with many tennis fans still unaware of the history behind the trophy. Sabalenka took the title two years ago in Melbourne, before home favourite Ashleigh Barty prevailed in 2022, shortly before announcing her retirement. But the inspiration behind the name of the silverware comes from a woman who was prolific in the tournament long before the present day stars had taken to a court. Sydney-born Daphne Akhurst won five Australian Open singles' titles and nine doubles' titles in a stellar period between 1924 and 1931. In the 92 years since, only Margaret Court (11), Serena Williams (7), and Nancye Wynne Bolton have prevailed more times in the individual event, but Akhurst's haul is made all the more remarkable given her life was tragically cut short, aged just 29. The star suffered an ectopic pregnancy in 1933, and died during the ordeal. A tribute on the official Australian Open website described how Akhurst debuted in her home Grand Slam 1924, losing in the second round to Esna Boyd. The pair met in the final the following year though, and Akhurst gained revenge by winning 1-6 8-6 6-4, with tie-breaks yet to be introduced into the sport. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic sets up Aus Open final clash with Stefanos Tsitsipas in bid for history Another final win came over Boyd in 1926, with a clinical 6-1 6-3 victory, but it was the latter who took the title when they met again at the last hurdle in 1927. A famous showdown in their epic rivalry came at the same stage a year later, with Ackhurst putting on a masterclass to win 7-5 6-2. Two more final victories followed over Louie Bickerton in 1929 and Sylvia Harper in 1930. But Akhurst was unable to repeat that success outside of her native Australia, a semi final appearance at Wimbledon in 1928 her best Slam effort overseas. DON'T MISS:Ukrainian tennis star fears 'aggressive Novak Djokovic fans' after speaking out on protestNovak Djokovic's dad breaks silence after being caught in pro-Russia video at Aus OpenRafael Nadal provides injury update as he reveals 'new tests' to take place in three weeks The men's trophy also bears the name of an Australian icon from a bygone era. The Norman Brooks Trophy is named after the player who won the title back in 1911, in between two wins at Wimbledon. He also won two doubles' titles, albeit when the event was named the Australasian Championships. Brooks died in 1968, aged 90.