A 25-year-old suspected of chewing off an elderly's man ear and part of his face on a train platform has told cops he believed the 78-year-old victim was a killer "robot". Multnomah County District Attorney Mike Schmidt announced Wednesday that Koryn Kraemer has been arraigned on a second-degree assault charge stemming from the grisly incident that took place the day before at a train station in Oregon, Portland. The victim was standing on the platform at around 2 am Tuesday when Kraemer, who was allegedly drunk and high on fentanyl and marijuana, approached the elderly man and proceeded to eat his face. Police responded to the scene and pulled Kraemer off the victim. By then, the 25-year-old had chewed off the man’s ear and bitten the skin off his face to the point of exposing his skull. The victim was taken to a local hospital, where he was listed in stable condition Wednesday. “In a subsequent interview with law enforcement, Kraemer stated that he believed the victim was a ‘robot’ trying to kill him based on how the victim smelled,” DA Schmidt said in a statement. READ MORE: 'Blood-stained' mattress hauled out of Idaho murder house as chilling new details emerge Kraemer also said that he spit out the victim’s flesh that he had bitten off, and claimed that police “had saved his life by separating him from ‘the robot'”. Mr Schmidt added that the suspect admitted to consuming alcohol, cannabis and fentanyl pills prior to the grisly assault. Kraemer initially gave cops a fake name, “El Baker”, but Multnomah County Jail personnel were able to determine his true identity through fingerprint comparison. DON'T MISSBiden clamps down on border crossings as pressure mounts [REPORT]California storm set to bring misery to state in coming days [LATEST]New details emerge about suspected Idaho killer [INSIGHT] An unkempt-looking Kraemer sporting a bushy beard appeared in court Wednesday and pleaded not guilty to the assault charge. Prosecutors asked that the defendant be held without bail until trial. The station KGW8 reported that Kraemer had been evicted from his rental home in November after allegedly trashing the property. The owner of the house told the station that Kraemer, who had recently relocated to Oregon from Georgia, was pleasant when he was not drinking or smoking marijuana, but then something changed in his behaviour and he started mumbling to himself. READ MORE: Mum faked kidnapping before murdering and dismembering toddler because 'he wouldn't eat' Kraemer grew up in Westfield, New Jersey, and previously attended Oberlin College in Ohio, where he was a goalie on the men’s soccer team in 2015 and 2016. He will remain behind bars pending a detention hearing that has not yet been scheduled. The vicious attack comes as the fentanyl crisis deepens across the US. The synthetic opioids, which have flooded the country over the last few years, are responsible for scores of deaths. Deaths involving synthetic opioids such as fentanyl increased by 22 percent in 2021, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) data, and in 2022, there were about 181,806 nonfatal opioid overdoses recorded in the US. Authorities in New York seized record-breaking amounts of fentanyl powder and fake prescription pills laced with the potent opioid in 2022, according to two drug enforcement agencies. The Drug Enforcement Administration’s (DEA) New York Division seized 1.9 million fentanyl-laced pills and 1,958 pounds of fentanyl across the state last year, marking a 152 percent increase from 2021, the agency said in a joint release with New York City’s Office of the Special Narcotics Prosecutor. “To put that into perspective, throughout 2022, we seized enough deadly doses of fentanyl in New York for more than three times the population of New York State,” DEA Special Agent in Charge Frank Tarentino said in the release.