Actress Anita Dobson has spoken about missing out on music due to her impoverished background. The actress, 73, who is married to Queen guitarist and astrophysicist Sir Brian May, recently became known as Lady May after the rock star was knighted. Dobson is best known for her portrayal of Angie Watts in EastEnders and went on to sing Anyone Can Fall In Love, which is based on the BBC soap’s theme tune with song charting number four in the UK. However, during an appearance on today’s (January 29) edition of Love Your Weekend on ITV, she spoke about how she missed out on music during her childhood. Love Your Week’s host Alan Titchmarsh asked: “Do you feel that because your other half Brian is such a well-known musician, do you play anything, Anita?” She replied: “No, that’s the thing because when I was young, we had to pay to get music lessons to playing piano or anything. “We had no money. I grew up desperate. I would dream one day I could step up to a piano and magically be able to play.” READ MORE: Lea Michele branded ‘disrespectful’ after ‘pushing’ Sadie Sink She added: “Never happened, of course. Still waiting. No, not today.” Titchmarsh then said: “I’ve had dreams like that, thinking, ‘I’m just going to try and see if it works.’ I sang but I never played the piano.” Dobson grew up in Stepney Green in London’s East End and went on to train at the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art. She married May in 2000 with the couple being together since 1968 before eventually tying the knot. She also did a song with her husband on Top of the Pops, marking her second appearance on the BBC music show. Along with EastEnders, Dobson went on to find fame in the West End in productions of Wicked and Fiddler on the Roof. Dobson helped to launch EastEnders and in turn the series propelled her into the spotlight after she’d spent years as a jobbing actress. She hailed her co-star Leslie Grantham, who played Angie’s husband Den Watts, saying: “He was amazing to work with.” Adding: “We knew each other how to cover each other’s back.” Reflecting on knowing EastEnders was going to be a hit, Dobson said: “As soon as I picked up the script I knew her. There was a bit of my mother in there.” She said: “It was where I came from. I knew it in my gut.” On how EastEnders changed her life, Dobson said: “Completely and utterly. I went from nought to a 100.” She went on to say: “I was a jobbing actress and suddenly this gift of a role came into my lap. I couldn’t go into pubs without being asked to serve.” Dobson said: “I couldn’t believe this little girl from Stepney was me.” Adding: “This doesn’t happen to me. It was extraordinary.” She said the reason she remained grounded was because EastEnders came to her when she was further along her career. Dobson said: “It happened to me late in my late.” She continued: “I come from the East End and I have a very solid family life. I was formed. Nothing was going to change. “I’m proud of where I come from and I’m not going to turn my back on where I come from.” She said was was “still little Anita Dobson from Stepney”. Dobson was on the show to talk about her incredible career and moving to the country after previously swearing she would live her life out in London. Love Your Weekend airs on ITV on Sundays at 9.30am