Manchester United face having to spend a massive overall package of nearly £300million if they’re to sign Harry Kane, according to reports. The Tottenham striker is a target for Erik ten Hag as the Dutchman eyes a new No 9 at the end of the season. However, the finances involved could deter the Red Devils from making a swoop. Manchester United know they need a new No 9 come the end of the season, despite bringing in Wout Weghorst on loan and also having Anthony Martial on their books. And with Tottenham enduring yet another inconsistent campaign, Kane has emerged as a possible target. Now, however, the Daily Star have claimed United face having to spend nearly £300m if they’re to secure Kane’s signature. It’s claimed the Red Devils have ‘done their homework’ and know they’ll have to pay the player nearly £400,000-a-week. On top of that, United would also have to include huge bonuses over a potential five-year contract. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big And they’ll also have to fork out a massive £120m transfer fee, too, an amount that would make Kane the costliest player in Premier League history. There could even be a signing on fee involved, at a time where Kane is considering his options behind the scenes in north London. Last week, it emerged the 29-year-old could even end up signing a bumper new deal with Tottenham if they finish the season on a positive note. Right now, United aren’t interested in signing Kane for those sort of numbers - with Napoli hitman Victor Osimhen a potential Plan B. The report does say, however, that the fallen giants won’t be introducing a ‘Cristiano Ronaldo rule’ at Old Trafford. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Earlier in the month, it was claimed United were looking to introduce a salary crap as they look to bring the glory days back. It was said United would restrict individuals from earning more than £200,000-a-week at the club, having paid Ronaldo double that during his second stint in Manchester. But this isn’t the case, with the Red Devils aware they’ll need to make financial investments to bring the world’s best players to the club. That includes Kane, while United are also hoping to tie Marcus Rashford down to a new contract as well. Regarding Kane, meanwhile, former Tottenham and United striker Teddy Sheringham recently had his say on the saga. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And he expressed a belief the England international should cross the divide, saying: “Harry Kane would be an unbelievable acquisition for Manchester United. I think he would be the perfect solution. “He’s got to make that decision. I made a big decision when I decided to leave Tottenham because I didn’t like the ambition at the time. “Harry has to assess that situation himself.” And he added: “I thought a year ago they were on an even keel. “I would say out of the two at the moment, Manchester United look like they are more likely to win a trophy than Tottenham are.” Another factor that could impact United’s chances of signing Kane is their poor relationship with Spurs. Tottenham were livid when the Red Devils landed Dimitar Berbatov back in 2008, having previously planned to offload the Bulgaria international to Manchester City instead. And, in the years since, they’ve flatly refused to sell to United. Luka Modric, Gareth Bale, Eric Dier and Toby Alderweireld have all been targets for the Red Devils.