Manchester United star Jadon Sancho has been spotted at Old Trafford ahead of today’s Premier League clash with Manchester City. The England international hasn’t featured for the club since a draw with Chelsea back in October. But he’s nearing a return and will be cheering on his team-mates on Saturday afternoon. Manchester United go up against Manchester City today, having impressed with 11 wins from their last 12 matches across all competitions. And @mufcMPB has uploaded a picture of Sancho posing for photographs with fans ahead of the game at Old Trafford. The 22-year-old hasn’t featured for the club since October, having experienced an alarming dip in form. But, speaking recently, Ten Hag confirmed Sancho would soon resume training with the rest on the group having sent him away so he could work on his physical and mental health. Big things were expected of the forward when he touched down from Borussia Dortmund back in the summer of 2021. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big United had been pursuing him for four years previously, with interest dating back to Jose Mourinho’s time in the dugout. Sancho failed to shine under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term as they endured a chastening campaign. And though he started the current season well, netting against Liverpool and Leicester, he’s regressed in the time since. With Sancho absent, United have gone with a strong side for their match with City as they look to claim bragging rights in the derby. David De Gea starts in goal, with the Spain international looking to avoid shipping six goals against Pep Guardiola’s side for the third time in his career. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Raphael Varane, Luke Shaw and Tyrell Malacia make up the club’s back four, with Martinez, Maguire and Victor Lindelof all on the bench. United have gone with four midfielders in Casemiro, Fred, Christian Eriksen and Bruno Fernandes. And, up top, Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial lead the line - with Antony also left among the substitutes. Meanwhile, speaking recently, medical expert Ben Dinnery had claimed he’d heard ‘whispers’ of Sancho being late for training at United. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “You’re never privy to the conversations that go on behind closed doors,” he told Football Insider. “But if whispers are to be believed, Jadon Sancho isn’t without these off-field disciplinary problems in terms of turning up late for training and so on and so forth. “Erik ten Hag, who is a disciplinarian, is using this as an opportunity to sort of flex his muscles. “He sent Jadon Sancho away to train out in Holland, and he wasn’t invited with the squad to a training camp. “Maybe he’s looking for a response from the player – this is an opportunity for Sancho, too, because he hasn’t been pulling up any trees since his arrival at Manchester United and had a fairly disappointing first half of the campaign. “He’s certainly nothing like the player that we saw in the Bundesliga, and so it’s frustrating from that aspect. It is a strange one. “If Sancho’s off-field issues also need to be addressed, then Erik Teg Hag is well within his rights to really put the emphasis on Sancho and see how he responds to the challenge of trying to get himself back in contention and getting himself back in favour.”