Kate Middleton, 41, and Prince William, 40, attended a joint engagement in Windsor on Thursday, making an appearance to meet with volunteers running Windsor Foodshare. The Princess of Wales recycled her stunning fuchsia Hobbs "Tilda" coat and cashmere polo-neck in crimson from the same brand. While picking up groceries at Marks and Spencer, shoppers could also grab Kate's coat.  The royal teamed her coat with puddle trousers from Jigsaw, a slender and sleek garment that is typically fitted at the waist before cascading into a loose pool, or "puddle" at the ankle. Kate's brunette hair was styled in her signature vampy curls, framing her delicate features. As for makeup, the Princess opted for a soft glam look consisting of neutral eyeshadow and some mascara, and also some blush. If royal fans recognise the Princess' scarlet ensemble, it is because she has worn all the garments before. READ MORE: Queen Camilla's friendship with key royal might be 'tested' - claims  Kate cut an elegant figure in the crimson number back in November 2021 to visit a school in Harrow. However, fans do not need to head to Hobbs London to purchase the coat, because luckily, the coat has just landed in the Marks and Spencer's seasonal sale. It's selling out fast at Marks and Spencer but fans can also shop the same look at John Lewis. The coat costs a whopping £179 in the Marks and Spencer sales, after originally costing £299. The description says: "Choose timeless style for your seasonal outerwear with this pure wool coat from Hobbs. "Cut to a flattering regular fit, the feminine silhouette is styled with all the traditional tailoring details, including a back vent and notched lapels. "It's lined for comfort, and finished with two welt pockets at the waist. Made with recycled polyester."  Kate wore a matching turtleneck jumper underneath the coat, which is also by Hobbs London.  READ MORE: Two very different royal homes show 2023's biggest interior trends  The description for the jumper says: "A foundation piece. In a fine gauge knit with a timeless rib design, the Lara roll neck features gold button detailing to the sleeves. "It's perfect for layering under dresses or with jeans. Crafted from the finest merino wool for the softest finish. Made using wool certified by the Responsible Wool Standard." Originally costing £75, it is now worth just £59 due to the January sales, making it a bargain for royal fans.  The Princess also wore her Orelia London’s Gold-Plated Chain Huggie Hoop Earrings.   Kate first debuted the new hoop earrings in February 2021 during a video call with nursing students. The Huggie Hoop gold chain earrings are made from brass and plated with gold. This makes them an affordable piece of jewellery—they retail for just £15.  In fact, this is Orelia’s unique selling point. They make all of their pieces from gold or silver plated brass to ensure their jewellery is affordable for all.  