UK house prices dropped for the fourth month in a row in December with the average price of a home dropping to £262,068, according to Nationwide. Annual house price growth also slowed down to the lowest rate since mid-2020. According to Nationwide, all regions and areas of the country have been affected by the slowdown in growth. Rightmove, the UK’s largest property portal, also reported a surge in homes being put on the market on Boxing Day 2022. The number of sellers putting homes on the market was up by a whopping 46 percent compared with the same day in 2021. The site said the number of sellers putting their homes on the market on Boxing Day (December 26, 2022) was the highest it had ever recorded. With there being clear signs Britons may be preparing to move in early 2023, sellers are likely looking for ways to increase the value of their property in order to get the best sales price. READ MORE: ‘Two key’ tips to save on heating - makes the ‘biggest difference’ With this in mind, Victor Mäki owner and CEO of Coin Real Estate has shared several tips to “increase the value” of your home. Victor is a real estate investor with properties in several countries and a real estate agency owner. The real estate expert said sellers need to imagine being in the shoes of a potential buyer as they prepare to put their homes on the property market. He said: “What would make your property stand out and feel like the perfect place to call home? DON'T MISSSix ‘exceptional’ houseplants for removing mould and condensation [INSIGHT]Household staple to kill moss on paving with ‘no scrubbing’ [UPDATE]'Common sign' your bath mat needs washing to banish 'harmful mould' [ANALYSIS] “Start by giving the exterior of your property a fresh, clean look. This might involve painting the exterior, maintaining the landscaping, and fixing any issues with the roof or windows. “Inside, update the paint, fixtures, and finishes to create a modern and inviting space. "To make your property truly irresistible to buyers, make sure it is free of clutter and well-organised. “You might even want to consider staging your property to help buyers visualise themselves living there. READ MORE: ‘Game-changing’ five minute method to clean dirty toilet brush Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Finally, work with an estate agent who has experience and expertise in your local market to get valuable advice on how to increase the value of your property and make it even more appealing to buyers.” Victor’s tips: Ensure the exterior of the property is well-maintained and clean. This includes aspects such as landscaping, adding a lick of paint to worn fences, and fixing any loose roof tiles. With energy bill price hikes at the forefront of Britons’ minds, buyers are on the lookout for energy-efficient features more than ever. These can “add value to your property and make it more appealing to buyers”. If you have outdoor space, make sure it is well-maintained and landscaped. Adding plants and flowers can make your property more attractive and increase its curb appeal. Make sure your property is free of any odours. This is particularly important when showing a property to potential buyers. Use neutral colours when painting the walls and choose furnishings that are classic and timeless. This will help create a neutral canvas that buyers can easily envision themselves living in. Consider adding a few personal touches, such as artwork or decorative accessories, to give your property a unique and inviting feel.