The expert, who works at Beanbags.co.uk, shared natural tips to dehumidify a room that has high-moisture levels. Dehumidifying prevents condensation and mould from appearing, which can make one's room damp and cold. Using baking soda is one foolproof way of preventing condensation from developing around the window frame. Baking soda is available to buy from all good supermarkets and is extremely cheap. Owen explained: "Simply fill a small bowl with baking soda and place it on the window sill. Over time you will notice the baking soda will harden as it absorbs the moisture. When this happens you should replace it with fresh baking soda." Other natural methods include using salt and vinegar. Owen continued: "Instead of baking soda, you can also use rock salt to naturally prevent condensation similarly. "By simply placing a bowl or container of salt on your window sill and replacing it every couple of days. READ MORE: ‘Biggest’ garden mistakes to avoid ‘devaluing’ houses - ‘damages’ home  "I would also always recommend making a habit of wiping away condensation from your windows every morning when it is at its worst," he added. "Microfiber clothes are great for doing this. This will help you to prevent the excess dampness from turning into mould." Condensation and mould can easily develop in the bathroom, especially after one has taken a hot shower. The solution? Take cooler and shorter showers, Owen recommended. He explained: "One of the biggest causes of humidity in homes is taking a shower. To reduce the humidity from showering you should consider using cooler water that’s warm rather than boiling hot and taking shorter showers. DON'T MISS:‘Easy remedy’ to remove radiator sludge to save on 25% on heating bill [EXPERT]5 ‘essential’ garden plants that need to be pruned in winter - and how [INSIGHT]‘Most effective’ method to use tin foil to boost radiator efficiency [TIPS] "After showering you should always leave the bathroom door and windows open for half an hour to increase airflow." Another idea is to decorate your home with humidity-absorbing houseplants - placing plants in the bathroom is not only a good way to prevent condensation, they make the room look good too. "There are some humidity-absorbing indoor houseplants you can get to naturally remove moisture from your home," Owen said. "These include peace lily, boston fern, and spider plants." If mould develops, the expert suggested using white vinegar to get rid of it, saying: "White vinegar is a great solution to remove mould that has already developed in your home from condensation. READ MORE: Kate perfects her famous 'athletic physique' despite having 3 children "You can do this by transferring the white vinegar into a spray bottle diluting it with water and spraying it onto the mould. "Leave this for up to an hour before using a scrubbing brush to remove the mould and wipe clean with a cloth." Although cold outside, Owen went on to suggest that it's worth opening windows in the home from time to time to let the fresh air in. He said: "If your windows have trickle vents I would recommend opening these to allow ventilation in to help reduce the risk of condensation without losing excessive amounts of heat in your home." Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Finally, if all fails, it could be a good idea to invest in a dehumidifier to get rid of excess moisture in the home. There are affordable ones available at Argos and Amazon, starting at £50 for a small version. But, Owen said: "Dehumidifiers are a good investment, however, it’s understandable that not everyone will be able to make such an investment at this moment in time. "These natural tips and tricks to get rid of condensation will help any households who aren’t in a position to invest in one right now, still able to prevent condensation in their homes."