Prince Harry recalled the precious moments when Meghan Markle gave birth to their daughter Lilibet in his new memoir Spare and said that he was the one who delivered the newborn. Lilibet, who is now one, is Harry and wife Meghan Markle's second child and she was born at a hospital in California after they quit life in the UK.  In his memoir which will be officially released on January 10, but has been leaked, the Duke of Sussex has spoken about intimate details about his daughter's birth. It is reportedly claimed that this was because he wanted to be the first face that the infant saw when she entered the world. According to an extract shared by MailOnline, Harry wrote: “When the doctor said it was a question of minutes, I told Meg the first thing I wanted was for the little baby to see my face. “We knew it would be a girl.   “She agreed and pressed my hand.” The news report further claimed that with the doctor overseeing the whole thing, Harry explained how he helped to deliver his daughter into the world. He then handed her over to Meghan - who later told him that she had “never been as in love with him as she was in that moment” - so she could hold her daughter. Details from Harry's book emerged after a bookstore in Spain started selling the memoir five days early. READ MORE: William devastated by 'utter distortion of reality'  Publisher Penguin Random House has called it "a landmark publication full of insight, revelation, self-examination, and hard-won wisdom about the eternal power of love over grief". The book follows the release of Netflix documentary Harry and Meghan, in which Prince Harry said it was "terrifying" to have his brother "scream and shout" at him during a summit to discuss the couple's future in the Royal Family. Buckingham Palace declined to comment on the claims made in the programme. The Sussexes also talked about why they decided to give up royal duties and move to the US, criticising the British press and the inner workings of the royal institution. DON'T MISS:Putin humiliated as over 20 Russian diplomats and spies defected  [INSIGHT]Princess Anne in high spirits as she wear brooch to symbolise 'unity' [SPOTLIGHT]Nurses willing to ‘meet halfway’ and could accept 10 percent pay rise [REVEAL]  Prince Harry is set to appear in three new interviews on CBS, ITV and Good Morning America this weekend. Teaser clips for the interviews have seen Harry describing how he wants his father and brother back while also insisting the "truth" needs to be made public. CBS has described its full interview as "revealing" and Harry's book as "explosive". 