Jeremy Clarkson's Amazon Prime Video series, named Clarkson's Farm, was a huge success with viewers when it landed on screens in 2021. The series follows the former Top Gear host working on his 1,000-acre farm in the Cotswolds with the help of locals. The 62-year-old earned just £144 in profit last year - so he's purchased cows, more chickens and his own restaurant in a bid to bring in more business. When asked what viewers can do if they want to help farmers, Jeremy said: "I’d try to buy stuff with a red tractor on it, because that means it was grown and produced here to a good standard. "You can go and buy Australian beef which, I’m sure, stops you from dying of hunger. "But you’re not really supporting the British beef industry if you do that." He added: "I mean, avocados. Everyone should stop buying those – they’re so terrible for the environment. READ MORE: Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ reason Poppy's always in a coat "And don’t buy palm oil, which comes from Borneo and is killing orangutans, when you could buy vegetable oil made with oil seed rape." He advised people to ask themselves where their food comes from when they do their shopping. "Did this come from down the road?" Jeremy asked. "In which case, the food miles are less plus the chances are it was grown to a pretty high standard because the standards in this country are very good and you’re supporting British farming people like [dairy farmer] Emma who have no wage at all." He revealed local farmer Emma told him if it was not for Diddly Squat Farm Shop, she "would have gone under ages ago".  "This is because so many people are buying her milkshakes, which are delicious, and her milk, which is so nice," Jeremy stressed. "If you taste her milk, and then go to a supermarket and buy their milk, it’s like two completely separate products." While Emma has personally thanked Jeremy for running a farm, he admitted the rest of the village is "divided" over his presence. He said: "In a way, the village is divided. It’s difficult to say how many people support us in the village and how many don’t. DON'T MISS...Jeremy Clarkson swipes at Brian May as he opens up on farm 'heartache' [UPDATE]Jeremy Clarkson shouted at by girlfriend as he 'takes time off' [LATEST]James May slams Jeremy Clarkson's 'creepy' Meghan Markle comments [INSIGHT] "Some of it, I’m sure, comes from my past, and driving quickly around corners while shouting, and they didn’t find that appealing." He continued: "As far as the farm is concerned, it’s split pretty neatly between those who have a house number – you know, 22 Oak Avenue or 3 Grove or whatever – who tend to support us because we bring business to the area and jobs for their kids. "Some of them are more than happy to go have a nice pint with a lovely view just up the road. So that works."  Clarkson's Farm returns to Amazon Prime Video on February 10. 