Chelsea have reportedly been rejected by Everton midfielder Amadou Onana, who has allegedly decided he wants to remain at Goodison Park until the end of the season. The surprise developments could prove to be music to the ears of transfer competitors Arsenal with the Gunners also keen admirers of the Belgian maestro as they target cover for Thomas Partey and Granit Xhaka in the middle of the park.  Chelsea had begun to lay the groundwork for a potential winter swoop for the 21-year-old but now the Blues have seemingly seen their advances rejected. According to multiple reports in both Belgium and France, Onana has now decided against a January switch in a major boost for Everton's survival hopes. The Blues were said to be preparing an opening bid for his services meaning Everton could have found themselves under real pressure to sell in the midst of their relegation battle. But having only signed for £33.5million from Lille in early August, Onana doesn't fancy another change so quickly after settling on Merseyside. REPORT: Chelsea 'see separate £50m Brighton proposal rejected' for Moises Caicedo partner in crime  That could prove to be an advantage for Arsenal if they want to explore a deal further down the line - potentially at the end of the season. Should Everton fail to survive, they could find themselves having to sell Onana on the cheap at the end of the campaign. Chelsea's excessive spending under Todd Boehly is showing no signs of slowing down and they are continuing to invest in players for the future. That's why 21-year-old Onana is of keen interest as he is seen as a prospect with world-class potential having been one of few shining lights for Everton this season. DON'T MISS Arsenal have Gabriel Jesus problem after Man Utd win as Mikel Arteta ignores Prem meeting Man Utd legend looks unrecognisable with huge white beard in pub photograph with fan Chelsea receive Brighton boss Roberto De Zerbi's blessing on Moises Caicedo transfer Onana has scored one goal in 18 appearances for Everton in the Premier League and has picked up five yellow cards for his troubles. The Belgium international loves to get about the pitch and put out fires for his side which is why he has already served his one-match ban for accumulating five cautions. Frank Lampard played an integral role in convincing Onana to choose the Toffees amid competition from West Ham. Now Everton could be set to overturn big profit for Onana, who is currently valued at close to £50million. There was plenty of speculation over his future in midweek when he was absent from an Everton training session. However, it has since emerged that he was given leave by the club to attend a wedding. Chelsea could now turn attention back to Moises Caicedo having already failed with a £55m bid for Brighton's Ecuador international starlet. The Blues are currently set for a major overhaul in midfield with both Jorginho and N'Golo Kante due to depart at the end of the season when their contracts expire.