Bread is bought by 99.8 percent of British households, and the equivalent of nearly 11 million loaves are sold each day. If you’re looking for ways to keep a loaf longer than a week before mould starts to appear, check out these food storage hacks. Consumer Expert Tom Church said: “If you’ve ever opened your loaf of bread to make a sandwich, only to discover that it’s gone mouldy, consider placing a stick of celery into the bread bag. “It may sound odd, but the bread will absorb the moisture provided by the celery and, in turn, remain fresh. “Your loaf won’t become dry and mouldy at the same rate, so your chances of getting a sandwich together will increase!” Store-bought bread can last up to 14 days in the fridge. Add in a stick of celery and you can increase this shelf life up to a week. READ MORE: Best method to cook a jacket potatoes in 15 minutes - no oven Frakking Creations on YouTube shared a food storage hack to keep bread fresh and mould-free for three weeks. It works by storing the bread in the original bag it’s bought in, but adding small holes to allow moisture to escape, otherwise, it can condensate, and cause mould to grow faster. Simply use a pair of scissors and make small cuts around the top of the bag where it ruches before it’s sealed. Add a few holes to the back and underneath the loaf too. It’s best to add fewer holes now, then adjust based on how cold and full your fridge is. The YouTuber explained: “When you make small cuts into the bag, the bread will slowly dry out, so you can adjust how many holes you cut to prevent the bread from drying out too much, not enough to mould and by doing this, the bread lasts longer than what you would normally expect.” As for how well this hack worked, the loaf could last up to three weeks before mould appears. DON'T MISS...Woman loses 3 stone after doctor's told her it would be 'impossible' [INTERVIEW]Astrologer shares what’s in store for each star sign in 2023 [EXCLUSIVE]3 ‘outdated’ hairstyles women 40+ should avoid as 'they age you' [BEAUTY] TikTok content creator, Cary, also known as @pairswellwithwhine, uses a simple plastic container to keep bread fresh. The container has a flip lid, with a silicone seal to ensure no moisture enters. Simply place the bread, in its original bag inside and fold the sides of the bag over the sides of the container. Place the lid on top. Instead of inserting your hand into the container, simply pull down on the sides of the bag and the bread rises. READ MORE: Cheapest method to cook without using an oven - ‘save 64%’ on energy Express.co.uk previously spoke to Jill Charlton, Head of Nutrition at Warburtons about the best ways to store bread. She recommended freezing part or all the loaf to reduce food waste. If you do choose to freeze bread, “you must first ensure that your freezer is running at the correct temperature minus 18 Celsius,” Jill said. “This ensures the bread freezes quickly without affecting the quality. “Avoid the bread touching the sides of the freezer as this could cause freezer burn on the sides of the bread. “Most bread can be frozen up to three months. Sliced bread defrosts quite quickly so it’s great to always have fresh bread to hand. Bread can be toasted directly from frozen.”  For any bread you’re planning on freezing, it’s best to double wrap it so it tastes fresh when it defrosts. Wrap the loaf tightly in plastic wrap, then again in foil or freezer paper. Before popping the bread in the freezer, it is important to write the date on the wrapping somewhere, as it's best to use it within six months to avoid any risk of freezer burn.