Leeds are reportedly considering a change of manager with Jesse Marsch under increasing pressure at Elland Road. The American coach appeared to be on the brink prior to the World Cup but steadied the ship via a famous win at Anfield. Now Leeds are back on the slide and plummeting dangerously towards the drop zone. With that in mind, Express Sport assesses four potential replacements that could fall under consideration at Elland Road. Ange Postecoglou This would be an appointment that surely fans could get behind following the exciting work carried out by Postecoglou north of the border with Celtic. After a turbulent period in Glasgow, the no-nonsense tactician has brought the feel-good factor back to Celtic Park and the Hoops have now re-established their superiority. His brand of football is also attractive an there is a lot to like about the identity has has implemented on the team. Celtic are now scoring goals for fun again and doing it in style - something that is surely of huge attraction to Leeds. It seems only a matter of time before Postecoglou gets the chance to manage in England as he continues to catch the eye in Scotland. Marcelo Bielsa Stranger things have happened. It may seem unlikely but Bielsa is idolised at Leeds and the team has changed since his departure, when his position became untenable. There are loads of new faces within the squad and Bielsa could now work some of his magic to drive Leeds up the table. Last season when he was sacked, the team was stagnant and he became short of ideas. Any manager would have failed in those circumstances and Leeds were a sinking ship. After plenty of new summer signings, Bielsa would have plenty of new players to work with in order to devise a winning formula. The appointment would also reconnect a disgruntled fanbase with their team ahead of a big second half of the season. Sean Dyche This may not be the most popular appointment but Sean Dyche knows how to organise a team and demand maximum effort. That is what is required now in order to ensure Leeds remain outside of the relegation zone. There is a perception that Dyche is a boring, negative manager but what he achieved with Burnley was nothing short of exceptional. Under his tutelage he took the Clarets to the Europa League from the Championship on the smallest budget in the Premier League. Any of the current struggling Premier League sides including West Ham and Everton could do far worse than appointing the Englishman, who knows what it takes to survive despite Burnley's struggles last season. Rafael Benitez Again, an appointment unlikely to prove popular but Benitez has the know-how to keep Leeds afloat - even if it was on an interim basis. Although Marsch kept Leeds up last season, he doesn't have too much experience in the Premier League, whereas Benitez does despite the hatred he received from Evertonians. Frank Lampard's current struggles are evidence that Benitez did not do as badly as perceived at Everton prior to his dismissal. He was set up to fail at Everton and Leeds could give him a chance to wipe the slate clean. The only negative is his tactical, defensive-minded football does not fit the criteria Leeds fans desire. They want to see their team attacking in numbers, playing with intensity and pushing opponents all the way - just like under Bielsa. Benitez's style is a much more pragmatic approach that is centered around clean sheets and winning games comfortably, as opposed to outscoring the opposition. Still, he is an option well worth considering.