Simon Jordan has slammed ‘idiot’ Tottenham fans who demanded chairman Daniel Levy should leave the Premier League club on Monday night. Spurs supporters spent large portions of their 1-0 victory over Fulham chanting for Levy to depart as tensions boiled over. Fans have grown frustrated over a lack of communication, trophies and perceived under-spending during Levy’s reign. There have also been some questionable decisions, such as the sacking of Mauricio Pochettino in late 2019, just months after the club reached the Champions League final. But former Crystal Palace owner Jordan believes the blame for a lack of success must lie with manager Antonio Conte and the Italian’s players. He called dissenting fans ‘idiots’ who ‘need to have a word with themselves’. “I don’t look at Levy and go, ‘well he’s in the boardroom so I have to defend him'. Daniel and I have had many a dust-up over the years. And I do think that Daniel could do things far better sometimes than he does,” Jordan told talkSPORT. READ MORE: Conte sends direct message to board over Spurs future after Fulham win “On the other side of it, I do not think he is the reason why Tottenham Hotspur are not achieving on the pitch, and aren’t achieving a [particular] style of play. That’s the manager and that’s the players.” Presenter Jim White interjected: “It’s not Levy’s fault that they’re not more fun to watch, as you say. So why did they chant ‘get out of our club’ last night?” Jordan bluntly responded: "Because they’re idiots.” He continued: “Listen, football fans are the lifeblood of a football club. I loved the fans at Palace and I love the emotivity. But some of them really do need to have a word with themselves. DON'T MISS...Man Utd transfer news LIVE - Chelsea target schmoozed, Griezmann talksFour transfers Man Utd can hijack including Arsenal and Chelsea targetSpurs let down by three flops as Conte gets respite with Fulham win “They probably wouldn’t understand [the issue] themselves because they’re not that bright in the first place.” Levy is believed to be holding talks with potential buyers over a takeover, but a deal is not close. Qatar Sports Investments are understood to be keen on investing in English football and its chairman, Nasser Al-Khelaifi, met with Levy at the end of last year. QSI already own Paris Saint-Germain, though, and would need to sell the Ligue 1 champions to get their hands on Spurs due to European football rules. The investment group - a subsidiary of the Qatari sovereign wealth fund - have also been linked with Spurs’ Premier League rivals Manchester United and Liverpool.