Turkish club Besiktas have released a statement hitting out at "fictitious" reports over a potential deal for Manchester United to sign their on-loan striker Wout Weghorst. The Netherlands' World Cup hero has been linked with a move to Old Trafford as a possible replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo this month, though the move could be in jeopardy following a statement released on Monday. There had been reports that United were close to agreeing a move that would see Weghorst's loan deal with Besiktas be terminated for a fee and then he could join the Red Devils from Championship side Burnley, but Besiktas have hit out at those rumours. The club's statement read: "After the match of our Football A Team against Kasimpasa in the Super League, there was a need to make a statement due to speculative news in the media about our football player Wout Weghorst. "The claim that there is an exit clause in our football player's contract, stating that his contract can be terminated with a compensation of 2.5 million Euros in case of an offer from the Premier League, is fictitious. "However, the news that the player in question will leave the team on Tuesday is completely untrue. The initiative regarding Wout Weghorst belongs entirely to Besiktas Gymnastics Club. We also state that if there is a development on this issue, our esteemed community and the public will be informed." United have been looking to bolster Erik ten Hag's forward options after Ronaldo had his contract terminated at Old Trafford before the World Cup, and low-cost solutions such as a potential temporary deal for Weghorst had been mentioned, alongside a rumoured move for Al Nassr striker Vincent Aboubakar.   For United to complete a deal for Weghorst, who waved goodbye to the Besiktas fans after scoring against Kasimpasa, a compensation package needs to be agreed with the Turkish club, who also need a replacement for their Dutch forward. There had been claims that Cameroon's Aboubakar could return to the Turkish club for a third stint, as he looks set to leave Al Nassr following the arrival of Ronaldo, as the Saudi Arabian club look to bring another foreign player into their squad. The striker merry-go-round could end up with Ten Hag getting his man, and another Dutchman at Old Trafford who can compete with Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford for the centre-forward position at the club on a bargain short-term basis. 