Adama Niane played the role of assassin Leonard Kone in the Netflix show Lupin and the films Get In and Baise-Moi. Tributes have poured in for the actor following the news of his death. Actor Omar Sy who co-starred with Niane in Lupin shared a message on Twitter following the news of his death. He wrote: "I extend my deep condolences to the loved ones of Adama Niane, an immense actor alongside whom I had the chance and the pleasure of playing. "A man of rare benevolence… May his soul rest in peace." Film director Olivier Abbou offered his condolences branding the actor a "hero". READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson hints at 'tetchy' Clarkson's Farm Season 2 debates He posted: "It is with immense sadness that I learned of the passing of Adam Niane, with whom I had the pleasure of working on the 2 seasons of Maroni and Fury. "We haven’t left each other for 4 years, sharing intense human and artistic adventures at the end of the world, Guyana, St Pierre and Miquelon and even Lille. "He was engaged, lit, whole, talented, powerful. He was my hero, a friend, and an accomplice. Go in peace." The cause of his death has not yet been reported. Niane was born in Paris in 1966 and has worked on a number of various television projects and film roles. His last work was the role of Yannick Lantry in the 2022 TV mini-series L'lle aux 30 Cercueils (The Island of 30 Coffins). He had also worked on Alex Hugo (2021), Maroni (2018-2021), Sam (2019-2021), Inhuman Resources (2020), Prise au piège (2019), Troubled Waters (2019) and La Mante (2017). The actor has taken part in the films Felicità (2020), The Bare Necessity (2019), Gang of the Caribbean (2016), SK1 (2014) and Baise-moi (2000). DON'T MISS... Original Wednesday from Addams Family dies at 64[LATEST]Eamonn Holmes inundated with support as he 'smiles' through struggles[HEALTH]Alex Scott lifts lid on kiss with 'very famous’ boyband star[ADMISSION] He was best known for his role as assassin and ex-convict Leonard Kone in Lupin, which is based on the novels by France's Maurice LeBlanc, who created the character in 1905. Lupin became the first French series to land on Netflix's Top 10 list, ranking No. 1 in the likes of Brazil, Vietnam, Argentina, Germany, Italy, Spain and Poland to name just a few. The series stars Omar Sy, who plays leading role Assane Diop - someone who lives life inspired by thief Arsène Lupin, of the LeBlanc novels. The show's concept has been adapted and developed across film and television over the years. An animated version of the show has also been released. Assane was the only son of an immigrant from Senegal, who was framed for stealing a diamond necklace from his employer, Hubert Pellegrini (Herve Pierre). He is sent to prison, where he kills himself out of shame, leaving Lupin an orphan.