Sir Jake Berry has become the latest Tory to call for Nadhim Zahawi to step down over the tax furore. The Rossendale and Darwen MP said it is "unsustainable" for the Tory chairman, who has admitted paying a penalty as part of an estimated £4.8million settlement with HMRC, to remain in his post while the Prime Minister's ethics adviser investigates if he broke the rules for ministers. Sir Jake, a former Conservative chairman and ex-chair of the powerful Northern Research Group of Tory backbenchers in northern England, said standing down would be the "right thing" for Mr Zahawi to do. He told the BBC's Question Time: "Even though he's a friend of mine I'm not going to allow that to distract from a view I've put forward consistently in relation to all these sorts of issues. "The Government needs to find a mechanism for ministers and MPs who are under investigation in this way to step aside to clear their name and then to come back into government if that is appropriate. "I think from Nadhim, great individual that he is, that would be the right thing to do now. "I applaud Rishi Sunak for fast forwarding this investigation that we learned this week will be concluded in around 10 days. "But I do think it's unsustainable for a minister to stay in his post while this investigation goes on, including other ministers who are also under investigation. "Not least because we have learned that when you want the public to have faith and trust in these investigations, one of the key things is for that individual to step away from power because it takes away a perception they have some influence or an ability to alter the investigation because they remain in that position of power."  Sir Jake's call comes after former immigration minister Caroline Nokes said earlier this week that the former chancellor should step down while the investigation takes place. Tory peer Lord Hayward has also said Mr Zahawi should think about "standing aside". He told Sky News: "We don't know what the timescales are for the inquiry, and I think that's key. "I think he should be considering whether he stands aside for the period of the inquiry." Meanwhile, the latest Techne tracker poll for the Express shows the Tories are 21 points behind Labour after a week dominated by the row. But Rishi Sunak has so far resisted demands to sack the Tory chairman. The Prime Minister has ordered an investigation by Sir Laurie Magnus, his independent adviser on ministers' interests, into whether Mr Zahawi broke ministerial rules over the bill he settled with HMRC while he was chancellor.  The row surrounding Mr Zahawi centres on a tax bill over the sale of shares in YouGov - the polling firm he founded - worth an estimated £27 million and which were held by Balshore Investments, a company registered offshore in Gibraltar and linked to Mr Zahawi's family. Mr Zahawi has said that HMRC concluded there had been a "careless and not deliberate" error in the way the founders' shares, which he had allocated to his father, had been treated. He also insisted he was "confident" he had "acted properly throughout". Pressure on Mr Sunak to get rid of Mr Zahawi intensified yesterday when the head of HMRC suggested the Stratford-on-Avon MP had not made an "innocent error” in his tax affairs. HMRC chief executive Jim Harra told MPs on the Public Accounts Committee: “I am not commenting on any particular person’s affairs but carelessness is a concept in tax law. "It can be relevant to how many back years that we can assess and it can be relevant to whether someone is liable to a penalty and if so, what penalty they will be liable to for an error in their tax affairs. “There are no penalties for innocent errors in your tax affairs. "So if you take reasonable care, but nevertheless make a mistake, whilst you will be liable for the tax and for interest if it’s paid late, you would not be liable for a penalty. “But if your error was as a result of carelessness, then legislation says that a penalty could apply in those circumstances.” Should Nadhim Zahawi step down? Share your thoughts in the comments section HERE Speaking during a Cabinet away day at Chequers - his grace-and-favour country residence - Mr Sunak said he would wait for Sir Laurie's report before making any decisions. Asked why Mr Harra's comments were not evidence enough to sack Mr Zahawi, the Prime Minister said: "I'm not going to pre-judge the outcome of the investigation, it's important that the independent adviser is able to do his work.  "That's what he's currently doing, that's what I've asked him to do and I'll await the findings of that investigation." The work of the independent adviser is expected to be completed in a matter or days or at most a few weeks. Downing Street did not deny yesterday that it had asked Sir Laurie to expedite the process, adding that it would like the inquiry to be "concluded as quickly as possible". One senior minister suggested the result of the investigation could be on Mr Sunak's desk within 10 days, while The Times reported that the independent adviser was expected to expedite the process and report back within three weeks. 