This Sunday, ITV viewers will see the first six Dancing on Ice contestants take to the ice for the opening show. Speaking to Express.co.uk, contestant Siva Kaneswaran touched on how training is going along with one nasty incident that happened ahead of the live show. After being partnered with professional skater Klabera Komini, The Wanted star Siva Kaneswaran has been rehearsing for months ahead of the show's debut episode this Sunday.Wanting to impress judges Ashley Banjo, Christopher Dean, Jayne Torvill and Oti Mabuse on the night, the 34-year-old has been in intense training to perfect his routine.Although the singer confessed that it’s not all been plain sailing as he recently had a tumble on the ice.Speaking to Express.co.uk, he touched on the serious injury that he suffered which resulted in a concussion. READ MORE:James Martin hugs Brian Turner as he makes 'stammer' confession He said: “On the Friday just passed, I had quite a serious fall and hit the back of my head.“I’ve been diagnosed with a mild concussion as of today, it’s been difficult because you can’t get back on the ice.“It can really shake your confidence especially if you've just cracked your head on the ice.“But, I expected this and I’m just trying to stay focused and determined. I know this is part of the whole journey.” The Wanted star added that he didn’t have to go to the hospital after the fall as there was a medic by the rink and physio on site to assess him.Following the incident, Siva had his blood pressure taken along with many other health checks to see how serious the impact of the fall was.However, Siva’s tumble hasn’t seemed to take away from his excitement at taking to the rink for the first time as he addressed whether or not he was nervous.He continued: “One of the messages from the whole thing, especially from my coach, is you have to respect the ice. DON'T MISS... Dancing On Ice’s Michelle Heaton pays tribute to ‘amazing’ pro skaters [INSIGHT] Call the Midwife’s Shelagh Turner star addresses future of BBC series [VIDEO] Coronation Street's Sue Cleaver distracts viewers with transformation [REACTION] “If you don’t, it’s just ruthless, it takes you out. All in all, though, we’re super excited to get on there.“We've been practising this routine for many months so it’s going to be great to get on there.”Joining Siva on the ice this Sunday will be Love Island’s Ekin-Su Culculoglu, EastEnders star Patsy Palmer, Liberty X singer Michelle Heaton, reality star Joey Essex and Olympian Nile Wilson.The second half of the celebrities in his year’s line-up will be making their debut the following week on January 22. ITV viewers can expect to see football legend John Fashanu, soap star Mollie Gallagher, comedian Darren Harriott, Drag queen The Vivienne and West End performer Carley Stenson during the second week.When Siva was announced as one of the stars competing in this year’s series, he confessed he wants to make his family proud.He said: “I’m very excited. I’m trying to be positive and not be in a fearful mindset! I’m looking forward to meeting all the cast.“I want to learn how to skate and make my family proud of me and put on a show for everyone to see and hopefully not make a fool of myself!”Dancing on Ice continues Sunday at 6:30pm on ITV and ITVX.