Many people are moving away from using chemical-based cleaning products in their homes in favour of more eco-friendly options. Kate from Instagram and TikTok's My Plastic Free Home (@my_plastic_free_home) and eco-friendly The Natural Living Shop is one of them. In an Instagram video, she shared her "super simple" way to combat limescale in your kettle using all-natural products. To make the hack even better, Kate assures it will leave your kettle looking "super shiny" afterwards. Kate explained that all you need is either some white vinegar, lemons or citric acid, all of which you can purchase for a reasonably low price if you don't already have them at home. In her video, Kate said: "Here is a super simple way to descale your kettle. Do you ever get that limescale buildup in your kettle? READ MORE: Estate agent on the kitchen trend making a ‘big comeback’ "All I do is add some leftover lemons to the kettle and if you've not got enough lemons vinegar does exactly the same job. Or you could even try citric acid." When using vinegar for this hack, between one and two cups work best. If you are using lemon, Kate recommends using one whole lemon or two if they have been squeezed. Make sure to chop up your whole lemon before dropping it into the kettle. Citric acid, which occurs naturally in citrus fruits but can also be bought in powder form, can also be used. When using citric acid Kate recommends between one and two tablespoons of powder. DON'T MISSMum's 'quick and easy solution' to combat toilet limescale [COMMENT]Princess Anne formerly lived in Pimlico flat as a newlywed - pictures [INSIGHT]Mum's 50p trick is a 'hard-working' tip to clean sinks [EXPLAINER] Limescale dissolves easily with a mild acid, which is why all three substances work. The acidity of lemons, citric acid and vinegar combats the alkaline calcium carbonate which makes up limescale. She continued: "Pour in water to cover the limescale and boil your kettle and allow it to cool for 30 minutes. "Boil your kettle once more and then pour out the contents. You will have a super shiny kettle with no limescale inside." If you are concerned about a strong vinegar or lemon scent being left behind in your kettle, simply refill it with plain water after treating the limescale and boil it one more time. The second load of clean, boiling water should rinse out the interior of the kettle and get rid of any residual smell or taste. Begin by adding some slices of chopped-up lemon, two cups of white vinegar or two tablespoons of citric acid to your kettle. Then fill the kettle with water so that it covers all of the areas affected by limescale. Next, boil your kettle and then allow it to sit for 30 minutes. For tough build-ups, it's recommended to repeat this process one more time, although you do not need to add fresh water, vinegar, lemon or citric acid, Pour the water and acidic ingredient out and rinse your kettle with cold water. If a strong smell or taste from the vinegar or lemon remains, fill your kettle with clean water and boil one more time before rinsing out.