A woman was left shocked when her mother asked for an hourly rate of pay to look after her granddaughter. The mother, who withheld her name, was struggling to find childcare for her newborn and asked her mother, the grandmother of her daughter, for help. But she was shocked when her mother came back with an hourly rate of $20 (£16) to look after the baby. Taking to Reddit, the woman explained that her mother doesn't have much on day to day so is available to help, but still insists on being paid, reports the Mirror. In the thread, the poster wrote: "She said that she will charge me $20/hr [£16] for each hour she takes care of the baby, plus late fees if we are late for pickup. "We must provide her with a car seat, stroller, bottles, and pretty much double of everything we have at our home to compensate for taking the baby to her house." The mother went on to explain that she'd struggle to afford this hourly fee and is concerned that it will plunge her family in even more debt.  She wrote: "I'm on the fence about enrolling my baby into an infant daycare instead as the cost will overall be lower and a little closer to our home. "Due to our jobs, we cannot work from home so we are in desperate need of childcare. Everyone else in our family works full time so they cannot help us as they have a similar nine to five schedule."  In response, some Redditors were quick to show support for the grandmother and say the mum was acting unreasonably. One person wrote: "Sorry to be blunt and rude but maybe don't have a child if you can't afford to take care of them. And if your plan was always go back to work you should have discussed that during the pregnancy with your mum." READ MORE: Part of Edinburgh city centre evacuated after huge fire at shop  While another said: "Sounds like they can afford the infant daycare and simply wanted their mum to be a certain type of mother and grandmother." However, some were more sympathetic to the mum as one said: "She's completely judging her by saying she should have a 'traditional' home and stay home instead of work." 