Kensington Palace has refused to comment on allegations made by Prince Harry in his Megxit memoir. Express.co.uk approached Prince William and Kate's royal residence to seek comment after the Duke of Sussex claimed his brother attacked him. A Kensington Palace spokesman said: "We do not have a comment on this." Harry made the allegation in his autobiography 'Spare' after the brothers engaged in an argument. According to the Guardian, the 38-year-old wrote that he gave his brother a glass of water during an argument at Harry's then-home, Nottingham Cottage. During the argument, William was alleged to have called Harry's wife, Meghan Markle, "rude", "difficult" and "abrasive". The Duke of Sussex said: "Willy, I can’t speak to you when you’re like this." JUST IN: Harry accuses William of violent physical attack after calling Meghan rude and difficult Harry also claimed: "He set down the water, called me another name, then came at me. It all happened so fast. So very fast. "He grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor. I landed on the dog’s bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me. "I lay there for a moment, dazed, then got to my feet and told him to get out." The Prince claimed that William left, and then returned looking "looking regretful, and apologised." He added that as he left for the second time, the Prince of Wales "turned and called back: ‘You don’t need to tell Meg about this.’ “‘You mean that you attacked me?’ “‘I didn’t attack you, Harold.’” Harry said that while he did not immediately tell Meghan of the alleged assault - instead going first to his therapist - he had to tell of the scuffle when she saw the "cuts and bruises" on his back. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry and Meghan 'hurt' as new Netflix show flops [LATEST]Prince Harry 'wrong' to claim Charles 'not willing' to heal rift [REVEAL]Meghan and Harry urged to ditch anger and self-pity  [SPOTLIGHT] The Duchess' response was one not of anger, but of sadness. Harry wrote that Meghan: "wasn’t that surprised, and wasn’t all that angry. “She was terribly sad.” The book explores the impact on Harry of being described as the "spare" in the family - a name which comes from an old saying in royal and aristocratic circles which states that a first son is an heir to titles, power and fortune - while the second merely a spare, should anything happen to the first-born. It is being released on Tuesday, January 10. 