Nick Kyrgios' girlfriend Costeen Hatzi was left disgusted by her partner after he showed her his urine sample during a FaceTime call. Hatzi was being filmed during last year's Australian Open as part of the Netflix: Break Point documentary, which was released today.  Kyrgios features in the first episode titled "The Maverick" which follows the Australian behind-the-scenes at last year's Grand Slam tournament. Despite being knocked out in the second round of the singles tournament Kyrgios won the doubles tournament alongside Thanasi Kokkinakis. After their straight sets semi-final victory Kyrgios was called for a routine drugs test and Hatzi - who had only started dating the star months before the tournament - was shown the unglamorous side of tennis. The star was recorded on a FaceTime call with his girlfriend while attempting to provide the specified test sample required by the anti-doping authorities. Hatzi tells the television crew: "They're just doing a urine test. He's like 30ml under, so he has to keep drinking water." She then tells her partner: "'You need to just scull (chug) the water." READ MORE: Novak Djokovic 'sacks coach in front of 15,000 people' during Nick Kyrgios charity clash   Kyrgios then reveals how dehydrated he was from the doubles match which saw the Australian pair beat Marcel Granollers and Horacio Zeballos 7-6, 6-4. He replies: "I'm trying baby. I've sculled two waters, one Pepsi, one juice. I'm trying." Despite the pair only being a new couple Kyrgios left his new partner disgusted after flipping his mobile phone camera around to show her his urine sample. Hatzi was less than impressed adding: 'Ew, don't show me the pee!" Noting the colour of the sample she tells the Netflix crew: "Yeah, he definitely needs to drink more water, because it wasn't looking too good." DON'T MISS:  Kyrgios met his girlfriend at the end of 2021 after contacting the interior designer about a mirror she was selling on Instagram. Despite being new to the sport Hatzi was by the Australian's side throughout the 2022 season and Kyrgios described her as his “secret weapon” during a successful year. He told the AAP press agency recently: "Meeting Costeen was probably my favourite moment, probably the best thing that’s happened to me - and the year I’ve had as a highly motivated and highly pushed player, has been because of her. That’s been my favourite experience. I just feel happier off the court, really just trying to be happy off the court - and that shows up on the court too." 