The M4 has shut on two lanes this morning after heavy rain in Wales left the thoroughfare flooded.  Lanes one and two have closed due to heavy flooding, leaving motorists stuck on the route at the J24 Coldra and J23A Magor, according to Traffic Wales. Officials have warned that delays are possible today, with the closures two of many this morning. Flooding has also closed the M4 Eastbound at the J25 Caerleon, causing local diversions and more possible delays. The A470 Southbound at Pontypridd has closed for the same reason, with other roads closed by similar conditions. High winds have closed the M48 in both directions at the J1 Aust to J2 Newhouse, with the local bridge also shuttered. People driving through Wales this morning will be among many experiencing the ill-effects of recent inclement weather. READ MORE: Drivers warned of massive £5,000 fine for splashing pedestrians The Met Office has placed much of the UK's west coast under a yellow weather warning. Forecasters have warned that trouble on the roads is among possible fallout from high winds and heavy rain this weekend. The warnings, which were first placed on Friday, January 13, state that flooding is likely until Sunday evening in parts of the country. One yellow alert in place until 12pm today warns that several inches of rain could fall over west coast areas in the southwest and northwest. The warning states: Outbreaks of rain, heavy at times, will move in from the southwest on Friday evening then persist overnight into Saturday. "20 to 30mm (0.7 to 1.1 inches) rain is likely quite widely with 40 to 50mm (1.5 to 2 inches) on some hills. "With conditions already very wet this is likely to cause some flooding. The rain will also be accompanied by strong winds, with gusts of 40 to 50 mph and possibly 60 mph on some exposed coasts in the south. "The rain and strong winds will clear eastwards during Saturday daytime." The severe conditions will clear most of the country by Saturday evening, but still persist in Northern Ireland. While winds calm on the UK mainland, the Met Office warns they will pick up across the Irish Sea. Westerly winds will reach 45 to 50mph across the country, topping out at 55-60 mph in the north. Gusts could reach up to 65mph on the coast, with rainfall totals of 20 to 30mm within a few hours, and between 40 to 50mm in some places.