Tonight, fans were left on the edge of their seats after Rob Hepworth (played by Mark Stanley) found his wife, Joanna Hepworth (Mollie Winnard), dead in a suitcase. Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) also escaped custody which has left fans worried for Ryan Cawood's (Rhys Connah) life, with many thinking they have worked out his next move. During Sunday night's episode, Neil Akroyd (Con O'Neill) and Clare Cartwright (Siobhan Finnernan) sat down with Ryan and tried to persuade him not to go and see his father in court. Neil told the youngster: "It was something you needed to do and you have had the chance to get to know him a bit. But, I don't know... "Perhaps, we were wondering maybe it's a mistake for you to keep going now that she [Catherine] does know." Clare asked how important it was for him, to which he replied: "I don't know..." READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan Elsewhere Catherine Cawood (Sara Lancashire) had a suspicion that he was going to try something sneaky when Clare revealed he had asked Ryan if he would go bungee jumping with him. She expressed that she wanted extra security around the court for his journey, arrival and return to prison. However, her boss didn't seem as concerned as he made sure he was notified when Tommy arrived in court. On his way to Leeds, Ryan realised that his grandfather Richard Cawood (Derek Riddell) had also arrived at the court, and desperately tried to avoid his attention. With the public gallery seated, Tommy was brought up from the holding cell below and scouted out Ryan in the crowd, before letting out a smile. Meanwhile, outside in the corridor, the two men working for Darius Knezevic (played by??) and his brother Zeljko (ACTOR) picked a fight with two members of the public in a bid to cause chaos and distract the security team After hearing the commotion outside and picking the right moment, Tommy punched the security team and jumped out of his holding box, making a break for it out of the court. With the court being locked down in an attempt to keep him from escaping, Tommy managed to flee with just enough time as the police were stuck inside. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Jeff Hordley speaks out on Cain 'killing' [WATCH]BBC fans 'switch off' Michael McIntyre as fans fume over licence fee [LATEST]Escape to the Chateau DIY mansion is being sold [INSIGHT] Running as fast as he could, he diverted into a local corner shop which had been set up for his arrival, where a bike and a disguise were waiting for him. As he left through the back door, he put on the helmet and glasses before hopping onto the bike and driving out into the road as police scuttled past him in a desperate bid to hunt him down. Fans were left stunned as Tommy's plan began to play out and feared for Ryan's life, with @Jakesmummmm theorising: "They going to take Ryan? #HappyValley." Laura exclaimed: "Why do I feel like Ryan is gonna get hurt in the crossfire of whatever s**t is about to go down #HappyValley." Daniel Tonks exclaimed: "Ryan is definitely getting kidnapped when Tommy escapes #HappyValley." @JamieTVandNews commented: "He's gonna escape and kidnap Ryan, isn't he? #HappyValley" (sic) Lara Hopwood fumed: "If they kidnap Ryan... #HappyValley" Charli Millions added: "Tommy is so kidnapping Ryan and then making Catherine come to him so he can exact revenge. #HappyValley." (sic) Happy Valley airs Sunday from 9pm on BBC One.