Parts of Britain are set for catastrophic winds and snow, seemingly all at once, and just before the turn of a new month. Scotland and northwest England have been highlighted as having a sporadic snow shower overnight on January 31 by interactive weather charts. It will predominantly hit the Highlands but some urban areas may be set for a dusting. Meanwhile, the Met Office has also issued a yellow wind warning for a large part of Scotland which it labels as causing a "danger to life" due to the risk of flying debris. The warning comes into force from 8am tomorrow until 9am on Wednesday, with a small chance of injuries, damage to buildings and potential hazards due to tiles being blown off of roofs. Longer journey times are to be expected on all modes of transport, and some roads and bridges may need to close for safety purposes. Among the disruption, some homes may be without power due to sudden outages, and mobile phones may lose signal. "There is a small chance that injuries and danger to life could occur from large waves and beach material being thrown onto sea fronts, coastal roads and properties," the warning added.  The forecaster says: "A deep area of low pressure is expected to pass to the north of Scotland later on Tuesday, clearing away to the east during Wednesday. Whilst at this stage there is still some uncertainty regarding the onset of strongest winds and to what extent more populated areas of the Central Belt are also affected, this will bring a swathe of very strong winds to parts of Scotland. "Gusts of 60 mph can be expected fairly widely, but there is potential for gusts as high as 80mph, this most likely over the north of mainland Scotland, Lewis and Orkney."   Despite the weather warning, the Met Office's cold weather alert for England has been downgraded back to green - which means the country is at the lowest risk level as temperatures start to recover from a sub-zero start to the year. Jim Dale, a senior meteorologist at British Weather Services, told Express.co.uk that the UK's weather would begin to calm down as February began - but that's not before a sudden and spontaneous snow shower which is set to hit parts of north west England and Scotland tomorrow night. He said: "The brief higher level of snow is right, mainly for the Highlands. It will be very windy for Scotland later on Tuesday into Wednesday with 60 to 90mph gusts. It will be mixed for the north later; dry, mild and sanguine for the south. "February can be a high-pressure month but obviously not across Scotland on Tuesday and Wednesday." He said the outlook for February would remain rather mixed, but uneventful to say the least. READ MORE: Having ice scrapers in your car could land you a hefty fine However, weather maps from WXCHARTS show a chance of more widespread snow hitting Britain by February 9. While the Scottish Highlands again seem to cop the brunt of it, parts of the Republic of Ireland are set for a dusting. The north western coast of England may be set to evade the snow, with an intense bout of rain hitting instead. The Met Office's long range forecast indicates a mixed weather outlook between February 3 and 12. It says: "On Friday, cloud with patchy rain and drizzle are expected in the far north. However, dry, bright, and breezy conditions with sunny spells are likely for most. For the rest of the period, unsettled weather conditions are expected in the north whilst settled conditions are more likely in the south. "As a result, showers and longer spells of rain with strong winds are likely in the north and particularly in northwestern parts of the UK. "Drier conditions with light winds are expected across the southern areas, with overnight and morning fog patches possible at times. Temperatures overall will be near normal or above normal for most throughout the period, but overnight frost is likely in the south." Then, continuing up until February 27, an unsettled pattern begins to develop. It says: "While uncertain, a continuation of the regional divide between the north and south is expected as the broad theme for this period. "Unsettled conditions are more likely to dominate in the north while the south remains settled and drier. A spell of more widely spread wet and windy weather is likely to persist for several days across all areas, although wettest conditions will focus in the west. "Temperatures are most likely to remain around average or above."