Claire Danes, 43, is expecting her third child with her husband and fellow actor Hugh Dancy, 47, a representative confirmed to a US publication. The Hollywood couple are already parents to sons Cyrus, 10, and four-year-old Rowan. Claire's pregnancy was confirmed to People by the couple's representatives, making them soon to be a family of five. Hugh and Claire met in 2006 on the set of the film Evening. They officially tied the knot in 2009 after becoming engaged earlier that same year. The Hollywood couple is yet to announce to their excited fans whether they are expecting another boy or a girl. Claire previously opened up about her enjoyment when she was pregnant with her youngest Rowan in 2018, resulting in a break from work. READ MORE: Catherine Zeta-Jones wows in lace lingerie as she flaunts endless legs She said at an FYC event for Homeland: "Pretty soon I will retire for a little while and just be pregnant, which I look forward to. "It feels like a huge luxury! When I was pregnant with my first son, I worked until I was in my eighth month, so this feels like a huge gift, to have a chance to kick my feet up a little bit." The couple currently resides in New York and said 'I do' in a romantic ceremony in France in 2009. A few years after tying the knot, the Hollywood actress opened up about marriage to Hugh during an interview with The Sun. She said: "I like marriage. I feel very secure. It helps when you are in love with the person you are married to. "I do sometimes look at him and think, 'You are really handsome.' He keeps me sane and happy." Hugh even recalled a funny moment between the pair last year when they first began dating to W Magazine. Hugh explained to the publication that she had convinced him to watch a true crime documentary titled, The Staircase. DON'T MISS... Andrew Neil says Prince Harry’s claims about Taliban will ‘haunt him’ [COMMENT] Harry and Meghan dubbed ‘the ginger and the whinger’ by TV pundit [OPINION] Rita Ora goes braless in daring sheer dress exposing her knickers [PICS] He said: "When I first met my wife and we just literally just got together, she basically said, look, if we're going to know each other, you sit down and watch this, start to finish." In 2022, the couple, who mainly keep their relationship and family life out of the public eye, made various red-carpet appearances together. The pair attended the Met Gala, while also supporting each other at the premieres of Fleishman Is In Trouble and Downton Abbey: A New Era together. The couple will also make an appearance at the 2023 Golden Globes, as Claire is nominated in the Best Supporting Actress category for her role in the series, Fleishman Is In Trouble. Claire has already received four Golden Globe Awards, three Primetime Emmy Awards and two Screen Actors Guild Awards. In 2012, Time named her one of the 100 most influential people in the world, and she was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2015. She gained early recognition as Angela Chase in the 1994 teen drama series My So-Called Life, with the role winning her a Golden Globe and a Primetime Emmy nomination for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama series. From 2011 to 2020, she starred as Carrie Mathison in Homeland, for which she won two Primetime Emmy Awards as well as two Golden Globes and a Screen Actors Guild Award.