Former Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho has warned the Red Devils against paying a potential £150million for Napoli star Victor Osimhen in the summer. The Nigerian striker has had an outstanding season in Serie A and scored a stunning half-volley in their 2-1 win over Mourinho’s Roma on Sunday. Osimhen took down Khvicha Kvaratskhelia’s cross before thundering an effort past Rui Patricio to open the scoring before Giovanni Simeone’s late effort sealed all three points for the league leaders. Osimhen’s goal was his 14th of the season in the Italian league in 16 appearances, spearheading Luciano Spalletti’s attack as they sit 13 points clear at the top of the table. Osimhen’s stunning form has prompted links to Manchester United in the summer, as Erik ten Hag’s side are hoping to bring in a striker after Cristiano Ronaldo’s departure. Harry Kane is thought to be the club’s top target, but with the increasing likelihood of the England captain signing a new contract at Tottenham, Osimhen is reportedly on the shortlist of potential targets alongside Goncalo Ramos and Mohamed Kudus. Mourinho has talked up Osimhen’s talent but warned the 24-year-old that he will need to alter one aspect of his game in order to make it in the Premier League. “He is of the same level as [Didier] Drogba, but Didier didn’t dive,” Mourinho said after his side’s defeat to Osimhen and Napoli. “If Victor changes, then OK. I’d buy him if I was at a club with a lot of money. However, if he does go to England one day, he needs to change, because in Italy they put up with this sort of behaviour, whereas in the Premier League, they’d come down hard on him. "I told him that he scored a wonderful goal and needs to stop diving so much. His goal was fantastic, he did the same thing when we met earlier this season, so he’s a fantastic player. But he mustn’t dive.” DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart Osimhen will be one of the most sought-after strikers in the world come the summer and former Liverpool midfielder Don Hutchinson previously advocated for a blockbuster £150m signing in the summer, though whether United will have that kind of spending power remains to be seen. “I promise Man United fans that this is not a dig, but on the night that he [Osimhen] scores two and the night that he tore Juve defenders to shreds, Man United spent £2.7million on Wout Weghorst,” Hutchinson told ESPN. “That tells you where United are at. That’s the sort of player that if they are serious, if they want to win the league again, that’s the sort of player they should be spending £150m on.”