The Dancing on Ice star, 35, revealed today that she is officially set to tie the knot with the former theatre actor, 34. The news shocked fans as the couple have only been publicly dating for four months, but Faye and Iwan evidently could not be happier. Putting their fans’ concerns to rest, Faye reassured them that she and Iwan have known each other for over a decade but only recently turned their friendship into romance. Faye revealed to OK! Magazine that Iwan popped the question as they rung in the New Year earlier this month. She said: “We’re thrilled to announce that Iwan and I are engaged." "He proposed on New Year’s Eve. “I am going to be marrying my best friend in the world after 16 years of friendship."  The former Coronation Street actress had a string of high-profile relationships in the past, including another engagement to Gareth Gates. Faye and Iwan first met when they both were working on the stage version of Legally Blonde in 2011. Last October their friendship officially developed into a romance and rumours reported that they had recently moved in together. Both Faye and Iwan have been somewhat secretive about their relationship, keeping their romance out of the public eye. Faye has shared the odd selfie of her and Iwan on Instagram, with one showing the sweet couple sipping cocktails captioned: “My person.” The actress originally catapulted to fame portraying Kate Connor in the iconic soap Coronation Street. She was a series regular for four years before leaving the show in 2019.  Since then she competed in the 13th series of Dancing on Ice in 2021, where she placed as a runner-up with professional partner Matt Evers. The series was largely marred with injuries and coronavirus cases, leading to it wrapping up sooner than expected. Faye was originally partnered with professional Hamish Gaman, who unfortunately got injured during the show. Hamish had reportedly hurt his finger while putting on a sock and was medically advised to pull out.  The professional headed out onto the ice with his injury and performed with Faye, adjusting their routine slightly, but during a follow-up examination was advised against going back out to avoid long-term damage. Since leaving Coronation Street the actress has enjoyed a thriving career on stage, topping it all off with the iconic role of Roxie Hart in a touring production of Chicago. In December the actress made her panto-mark starring in Goldilocks and the Three Bears and shared her incredible transformation on Instagram.