The Our Yorkshire Farm star recently opened up on the harsh realities of overseeing the care of 1,000 sheep, 40 beef cattle and four horses. The Shepherdess detailed what it was like to care for the farm after being left without power for days during the heavy snowfall last year. Amanda and her ex-husband and former co-star Clive Owen have presided over Ravenseat Farm and its 2,000 acres for more than 20 years. The remote and exposed way of living means Amanda always has a “permanent drip on the end of my nose," especially when faced with harsh realities. She recently discussed the "nasty shocks" the pair have been trained to deal with, including a recent incident where the farm lost power for several days. Amanda told Radio Times: "Nasty shocks are just there waiting – even if you prepare for it. READ MORE: Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz "All that before you get anywhere near the business of running the farm, a 24/7, 365-day-a-year affair. “I think the proof of the pudding is what your hands are like – and mine are knackered, my fingernails are non-existent. "I’ve got calluses and some of my fingers are bent from being broken.” “Anything that gets the message through about how difficult it is to make a living from the land is a good thing,” she says. The farming star also expressed she didn't think she would ever "sit down" and could see herself moving on to the next project, whatever that may bring. After five successful years of the farming show, Channel 5 confirmed last year the latest series would be its last. Across the five seasons, 15 million viewers tuned in to see the portrayal of their life in the country, working on a farm and the memories the Owen family had made. Commissioning Editor for Factual at Channel 5, Daniel Pearl explained: “The Owens have become everyone’s favourite farming family and millions have enjoyed watching their unique way of life. DON'T MISS...Here's where the original Keeping Up Appearances cast is now [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow expert issues warning to guest over WWI albums [WATCH]Jeremy Clarkson's future on Who Wants to be a Millionaire confirmed [INSIGHT] "It’s fantastic that we can now all follow Reuben and Clive on their next adventure. "We remain absolutely committed to the whole wonderful Owen family and hope to announce new projects with Amanda very soon.” Since the cancellation of the Channel 5 series, both Amanda and Clive have landed their own TV series, separately.  In a More4 documentary, Amanda is set to take on a solo TV stint, which will see her visiting other farms in the UK. She will be lifting the lid on what it's like to work off the land and the continuous troubles farmers are facing, especially during the cost of living crisis. Viewers will see Amanda work through day and night, offering the farmers a helping hand with milking, sorting sheep and harvesting crops, lending them her expertise. Amanda Owen's Farming Lives premiers on January 25 at 9pm on More4.