Meghan Markle was reprimanded after "offending" the Princess of Wales by suggesting she had "baby brain", according to Prince Harry's new book. He alleged that Kate demanded an apology for the comment during a reconciliatory tea at Kensington Palace in June 2018. This was just two months after Kate had given birth to her third child Prince Louis, and the month after Harry and Meghan's wedding at Windsor Castle. Harry claimed in his book that Kate told Meghan: "You talked about my hormones. We are not close enough for you to talk about my hormones." He added that the Princess was so "offended" that she held onto the upholstered side of her chair until her fingers went white. The discussion had taken place some weeks earlier over the phone when the two women were discussing wedding rehearsals.  When Kate told Meghan she had forgotten something insignificant, Meghan suggested she might have "baby brain". Harry claimed that his wife was confused as to why Kate had been so upset, suggesting that was how she spoke to her friends. The Duke of Sussex then alleged that Prince William pointed at Meghan and said her "rude" comment was not how things were done in Britain.  READ MORE: Prince Harry claims 'William and Kate encouraged his Nazi costume' Meghan apparently responded by telling William to "take your finger out of my face", according to The Telegraph. The newspaper has obtained a Spanish language copy of Spare. The autobiography is due to be released in the UK on January 10. DON'T MISS:The 10 most explosive moments from Prince Harry's bombshell memoir [LATEST]Republicans in Congress have grasped defeat from the jaws of victory [COMMENT]Prince Harry book: Revelations of sex, cocaine and a deadly war [REVEAL] Harry also suggested that the Prince and Princess of Wales were put out that Harry and Meghan had not given them gifts for Easter and admitted he and his wife were annoyed that Kate and William swapped seats at their wedding. He claimed: "Had it really come to this? Shouting at each other about place cards and hormones?" Harry and Meghan now live in California, having stepped down from their roles as official working royals.  Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10.