Ralf Little has played Neville Parker for over three years and has been the longest-running detective in the BBC series. Death in Paradise viewers took their time getting used to the new DI after he took over from Ardal O'Hanlon. However, speaking in a new interview, Ralf addressed his future on the show.  The actor explained the Caribbean has felt like "more than a second home", admitting to Lorraine Kelly: "Over the last three years, I have spent more time there than anywhere else. "So in many respects, it's kind of my home now." When the host pointed out he was the longest-standing detective, Ralf replied: "I am actually. "It is something that I never thought would be important, it's not really but it is nice." READ MORE: Denise Welsh erupts over claims Harry trashing royals 'for money' "You've got to stay," Lorraine said as she probed about his future on the show. "You've got to stay, I know you can't tell me what's going to happen but we'd like to see you there for a while." "Well..." Ralf began to reply before Lorraine chipped in: "There are a lot of dogs that need your help." "Exactly," the actor replied. "I've got to go back to the dogs." "No matter what happens in the future, this place will always be so close to your heart," the ITV host pointed out. "It has now been three and a half years of my life and as you say, longest-standing detective," he shared. "It is part of my history and it will always stay with me." Discussing the show's success, Ralf admitted he is blown away by how many people love Death in Paradise. DON'T MISS...Jennie Bond blasts Prince Harry over ‘unsavoury’ allegations  [VIDEO]BBC Breakfast's Mike Bushell sparks concern with 'tired' appearance [INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast host steps off-screen after Naga orders him away [REACTION] "I can't believe how global it is, it actually still stuns me and I'm delighted that it's a big show here...and maybe in France, you expect it because it's the French language. "The amount of people that come out to visit the island and they just come to look at the sets and the police stations. "Everywhere across Europe... Belgium, Holland, everything French, obviously Germans. "But then you get people coming over from Canada, loads of people from America where you've got two Texans going, 'Hey, we're from Houston and it's our favourite show.' "You're thinking, 'I did not expect that'." "The location is the star of the show it really is," the Neville Parker star added. "People can come and go but as long as the location stays the same, that's the star of the show." Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.