Lisa Marie Presley’s fans were left devastated after she unexpectedly died on January 12, following a series of glamorous public appearances for the movie Elvis. However, the King of Rock And Roll’s only child is now said to have been “back on opioids and taking weight loss medication” in a bid to look good on the red carpet. According to sources, Lisa Marie underwent plastic surgery two months before her Golden Globes appearance just days before her death. The insiders also claimed she had been on a strict diet that led her to lose up to 50 pounds ahead of award season. According to TMZ, the sources claimed the star “was taking opioids again - an addiction she struggled with for years”. Lisa Marie had previously opened up on her addiction to drugs, admitting some would find it surprising she “fell prey to opioids”. She said: “I was recovering after the [2008] birth of my daughters when a doctor prescribed me opioids for pain. “It only took a short-term prescription of opioids in the hospital for me to feel the need to keep taking them.” It was due to the highly addictive properties that Lisa Marie found herself reliant on the drugs, even after a short amount of time. Having tried to keep her addiction battle as private as possible, legal paperwork concerning the star’s sobriety emerged during her divorce from her fourth husband, musician Michael Lockwood. Speaking more about the tough time in her life back in 2018, Lisa Marie said: “[It’s] a difficult path to overcome this dependence, and to put my life back together. “Even in recent years, I have seen too many people I loved struggle with addiction and die tragically from this epidemic. “It is time for us to say goodbye to shame about addiction. We have to stop blaming and judging ourselves and the people around us… “That starts with sharing our stories,” Lisa Marie added in the foreword for Harry Nelson's book The United States of Opioids: A Prescription for Liberating a Nation in Pain. READ MORE...Annie Werschin, The Last of Us, Bosch and 24 actress, dies of cancer  [NEWS]Jeremy Clarkson fears Charles' Coronation will be the last for England [UPDATE]Priscilla Presley challenges Riley on amendment to Lisa Marie's trust [INSIGHT] Lisa Marie suffered from a cardiac arrest at her home in Calabasas, California, on January 12. She was taken to hospital after paramedics were called shortly before 10.40am (6.40pm GMT). Craig Little, a spokesperson for the county’s fire department, confirmed LA County paramedics were sent to the Calabasas home at 10.37am (6.37pm GMT) following a report of a woman in full cardiac arrest. The spokesperson added that paramedics arrived about six minutes later. According to Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department, paramedics performed CPR and determined the patient had "signs of life". She was immediately rushed to a hospital in nearby West Hills. Her mother, Priscilla Presley, issued a statement confirming her death and has asked people to “keep her and our family in your prayers”. In her statement, Priscilla, 77, said: "It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us. "She was the most passionate, strong and loving woman I have ever known."