Just look at what he’s had to endure. Four months ago, he lost his mother, 20 months ago, he lost his father. Less than three years ago, his younger son fled to America to embark on a series of high-voltage media appearances slagging off his own family. In 2019, his grandson Archie was born, followed by granddaughter Lilibet in 2021 – yet he has rarely seen them and must fear he never will again. It’s only just over three years since his brother Andrew carried out the world’s most ill-judged crisis interview ever, creating a global scandal of epic proportions and a reputational death spiral that tarnished the Royal Family’s image throughout the world.And now, to top it all off, he’s just become Head of State, Head of the Commonwealth and head of a family in the midst of a civil war in full public view, and he’s about to be crowned King in front of a global television audience of billions, who will hungrily analyse his every tick and blink.Oh, and people have taken to booing him and throwing eggs when he sets foot outside, while he’s still mourning his mother.How would you feel if that lot had happened to you? Honestly, how would it hit you? I’d be a mental wreck, housed in a padded cell for my own safety. And I know plenty of others who would as well. Yet the King carries on. Because he has no choice.Let’s remember, too, that he’s no longer in the prime of youth. He’s 74 for heaven’s sake. Most of us would have long since given up work by then. No such luck for Charles.. He’s just taken on one of the world’s most high-profile jobs, in the knowledge that he’ll almost certainly have to do it until the day he dies, with no possibility of retirement. That’s right, unlike his father, who stepped down at the age of 96 (what a skiver), Charles will never retire. That thought alone would send me to an early death. I can only imagine his emotional stress levels must be gigantic. If he’s not getting some kind of professional medical support, he darn well should. Be he a monarch or a pauper, cut a man and he bleeds.Yes, yes, I know Charles was born into this role. I know he’s been prepared for it all his life. I appreciate he’s been in the public eye since birth and he’s fabulously wealthy. But, even so, there is a human being at the end of that lens, and he must, just must, be suffering. Nobody can go through what he’s gone through and not be badly knocked off course. He can’t complain, either, because that’s not what Kings are meant to do. Never complain, never explain – unless you’re Harry. I feel for him. Thank goodness he’s got Camilla for support. Without her, he’d just be surrounded by officials, courtiers, sycophants and a family that makes Britain’s rail network look functional.But do people care? Do we even consider his mental health? Most of us never give it a thought as we devour the headlines and gossip columns, and munch our way through the latest ghastly Netflix mush. Oh yes, we worry about Harry’s emotional state, because he’s so transparently in deep psychological trouble thousands of miles away from home – even as we criticise him for crass selfishness. But the King? Nah. Why bother?Well, I reckon we should bother. At least we should give it a go. Even republicans should. Because right now, until the system changes, we have a monarchy. That means a head of state who has no choice in the matter. And it’s in our interests for him to be in sound mental health. Harry, of all people, should know that.