Personal Independence Payment (PIP) is a benefit distributed by the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) to help people who need extra help with daily tasks or getting around due to long-term illness, disabilities, or physical or mental health conditions. The rate at which this is paid is due to increase by 10.1 percent from April, which could provide a much-welcomed boost amid rising costs.  In a move that should see an estimated 19.2 million families and 39.8 million individuals benefit, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt announced a 10.1 percent increase across DWP and HMRC benefits this year. PIP is one of the benefits announced to also see the raise, and Britons are being urged to check they’re claiming all the financial support they could be entitled to. People can apply for PIP even if they’re working, have savings, or are already receiving other benefits. There are two components to PIP; a daily living part for those who need help with everyday tasks, and a mobility part for those who need help moving around. Each comes with two rates; a standard rate and an enhanced rate. READ MORE: Woman ‘cried’ as she lost father’s £7,000 inheritance   Whether people get one or both parts and how much they get depends on how difficult they find each individual task. From April 2023 and in line with the 10.1 percent increase, new rates for both components will be: Daily living tasks Mobility tasks  DON'T MISS: ‘Easy remedy’ to remove radiator sludge to save on 25% on heating bill [EXPLAINED]Younger millennials are savviest age group when it comes to money [ANALYSIS]Terminally ill Britons call for early access to state pension [INSIGHT]    Those entitled to the full rate can receive up to £172.75 a week in April, which translates to around £748.58 a month. Currently, the benefit at its full rate is worth £156.90. As per Benefits and Work’s website, the decision about whether a person is entitled to each component, and if so at what rate, is based on the number of points scored in total for certain activities. For the daily living task component, points are based on the following activities: READ MORE: Carer's Allowance recipients urged to claim other dwp benefits   Each of these activities is divided into a number of point-scoring descriptors. To get an award for the daily living component, people need to score: The decision about whether a person is entitled to the mobility component, and if so at what rate, is based on the number of points they score in total for the following activities: Like the daily living component, both of these activities are divided into a number of point-scoring descriptors and people can get an award for the mobility component if they score:  To be eligible for PIP, all of the following must apply to the claimant: If all apply, the easiest way to claim is to phone the PIP helpline. Claimants must then fill in a form, after which they’ll then undergo an assessment. 