A couple have been found guilty of multiple child and sexual offences after forcing their victims to eat soap and scavenge for scraps, according to police. Police say Cheryl Pickles, 35, and Andrew Hadwin, 39, repeatedly abused the children, and that the children would often have to scavenge for scraps to eat. The case only came to light when one of the victims bravely told another trusted adult. During an investigation by Durham Police the extent of the abuse, which police say spanned four years, was revealed. Detectives say they found that Hadwin and Pickles made the children eat soap, forced them to have boiling hot showers and baths, locked them in cupbboards and sometimes submerged their heads underwater. They also withdrew their access to food, forcing them to scavenge for scraps. On on one occasion, the children were found walking alone to a supermarket four miles away to try to find food at 4am. Police say the pair, of Bowburn, in Durham, would also order takeaways and make the children watch them eat them while stood in stressful positions for long periods of time.   Police say the that case came to light after one of the children told a trusted adult about the abuse.  This prompted the couple to forge letters from the children claiming they were apologising for lying and were sorry. But the handwriting was debunked by an expert who confirmed it was not the children's writing and that the letters had actually been written in a notebook found at the couple’s Bowburn home. The letters, written in a childish scrawl, said: "We are sorry, we told lies," before saying the allegations had been made up against the pair. Police say Hadwin, 39, and Pickles, 35, were charged with several offences of child neglect and sexual activity with a child, and one count of perverting the course of justice. Hadwin was also charged with three counts of rape in relation to non-recent abuse of another child which happened when she was a little girl, according to a police statement.  READ MORE: One dead and at least 60 others injured after horror stadium crus The pair denied all charges, resulting in a seven-week trial at Teesside Crown Court. Police say that following three days of deliberations the jury convicted Hadwin of three counts of rape, seven counts of neglect, and one count of perverting the course of justice. He was found not guilty of sexual activity with a child. Pickles was found guilty of five counts of child cruelty and one of perverting the course of justice. She was found not guilty of sexual activity with a child. The pair have been told to prepare for lengthy prison sentences when they are jailed in April. Following the verdict Detective Inspector Kat Pudney, of Durham Constabulary’s Safeguarding Unit, said: “Hadwin and Pickles subjected several vulnerable children to multiple forms of abuse, robbing them of their childhood, and undoubtedly leaving them with psychological wounds which they may never truly recover from. She went on to credit the bravery of the victims and their "strength to stand up to their abusers". Detective Pudney added: “One of Hadwin’s victims is now a young woman – she has shown incredible bravery in reliving her ordeal many years later. I hope she finds some comfort that her attacker has now been convicted and remanded. “Hadwin and Pickles have lied to police and other professionals, and attempted to blame others throughout this investigation, in an attempt to divert the attention away from themselves. “I am delighted that the jury have returned these verdicts, ultimately protecting further children from falling victim to their manipulative and abhorrent behaviour. “I hope this result will allow the children to close this chapter of their lives and start their healing journey.”