Nick Kyrgios has responded to his title of the “bad boy” of tennis as he rubbished the reputation and claimed it had been dragged out from the start of his career. It comes after the world No 20 successfully underwent surgery for his knee injury and is hoping to be back in time for Indian Wells. Kyrgios has long been known as tennis’ bad boy - a title he inherited almost from the moment he beat then-world No 1 Rafael Nadal at Wimbledon in 2014 for his breakout moment as a teenage wildcard ranked at No 144. Now 27, he is known for his on-court antics and even had the first episode of Netflix’s new tennis documentary series Break Point dedicated to his 2022 Australian Open run. But the seven-time title winner is done with the bad boy stereotype as he claimed it was entirely untrue and stemmed from earlier in his career when he reacted differently to his competitors on the tour. “Not at all, I don’t consider myself to be a bad boy in tennis,” the Wimbledon finalist told The JBK Show recently. “The media kind of painted that villainous type role very early in my career,” he added. Kyrgios was also asked whether his girlfriend Costeen Hatzi liked a bad boy as he admitted that she had actually been the one to tame him. JUST IN: Tennis star lifts lid on private Novak Djokovic talks in injury debate   The world No 20 responded: “Yeah girls don’t mind a bad boy in general but you know, Costeen has taken on that role, you know. She’s definitely tamed me a lot and supported me.” Kyrgios’ comments come after he underwent surgery after being forced to pull out of the Australian Open after an MRI scan showed he had a cyst in his knee. The 27-year-old successfully had an arthroscopic procedure to clean up his lateral meniscus and remove the paralabral cyst in Canberra last week, sharing a photo from his hospital bed. “Surgery complete,” he wrote. DON'T MISSNadal's uncle Toni gives French Open verdict after Djokovic catches upNovak Djokovic 'not as loved as Rafael Nadal' as Toni address 'feud'Tsitsipas told he has something better than Federer despite Aus loss “I’ll be doing everything I can to get back to my best. to the real ones checking in and sending the vibes…. I love you.” Kyrgios’ manager and good friend Daniel ‘Horse’ Horsfall also confirmed that the surgery had been successful in a recent interview with The Age. “The surgery was a great success. We couldn't have been more pleased with the outcome of it. We will now be pushing ahead for a speedy recovery and are aiming to see everyone at Indian Wells,” he said. 