A veterinary nurse has had her life saved by a labrador who knocked her over, helping her to discover she had breast cancer. Angie Shaw says she was also headbutted by the dog as she was treating it on a consult table. This led to a lump on her chest, which was still sore a week later. As a result, Ms Shaw visited her GP to ask about the problem. She was then referred for scans and biopsies which found she had a rapidly growing cancer. Just 13 days after her diagnosis, the cancer grew by two millimetres. Fortunately, doctors were able to remove the tumour through surgery. Ms Shaw says that, without the dog knocking her over and head butting her, she would not have discovered that she had a life-threatening illness. She wasn't due for a mammogram for another nine months, which could have given the cancer time to spread around her body. Ms Shaw said: "The lump was purely coincidental and nothing to do with the cancer. "But if the pet hadn’t head butted me, the cancer wouldn’t have shown up for nine to ten months by which point it would have spread. "It would have been too late. That pet saved my life. "When we turned him over, he head butted me by my left breast, towards my breastbone. "A decent-sized lump appeared. I left it for a week, but it was sore, so I got a doctor’s appointment the next day. "I thought it was a cyst. When I was told that I would have to have surgery, chemotherapy and then radiotherapy my whole world fell apart." Ms Shaw, a grandmother of three, was given six rounds of chemotherapy – lasting 18 weeks. Now cancer free, she the Leeds local is now urging people to get themselves checked. She continued: "My colleagues were really supportive. That helped massively. READ MORE: Graduate, 24, 'ignored' cancer symptoms for 'months’ - signs to spot "I said that I don’t want sympathy or special treatment as I am living with cancer, not dying from it. "I will lose my hair so I will be wearing a wig. Tell me if it’s wonky or if the label is showing – but for goodness sake, get any lumps checked. "I hate to be the centre of attention, but you swallow your pride. "I thought if I could save one person’s life by encouraging them to get lumps checked, that’s my job done. "Breast cancer is almost a taboo subject, but it is nothing to be ashamed of. "There’s nothing I have done to cause it. There’s nothing I could have done to prevent it. "I am lucky – because we found it in time. I lost some of my hair during the chemotherapy. It is a small price to pay. "They are quite happy they have got all the cancer. It shows that early diagnosis is so important." DON'T MISSPrincess Martha Louise fiancé publicly discusses royals despite ban [INSIGHT]Michael Bublé details how son's cancer diagnosis 'changed him' [ANALYSISJonnie Irwin shares kiss with wife on break amid cancer battle [INSIGHT] Ms Shaw says that she stayed positive having been fearful because "everyone thinks a cancer diagnosis is the death warrant." She added: "I had to keep positive. Everyone thinks a cancer diagnosis is the death warrant. "I thought ‘I have too much to do to let it get in the way of my life’. "An experience like that gives you a whole different perspective. "You realise how special life is and how quickly it can turn around. I have been given a second chance. "You learn to make the most of who and what is important to you." Louise Mallinson, the clinical director of Beechwood Vets where Ms Shaw works, has hailed her colleague as an "incredibly brave" woman. She said: "The way Angie has tackled her cancer diagnosis and treatment has been absolutely inspirational. "She has been incredibly brave, positive and determined in her outlook. "Angie is fantastic with both our patients and clients, and we’re very lucky to have her as part of the team. "We are all incredibly proud of her and couldn’t be happier that she has been given the all-clear."