Michael Jackson fans have been teased with details of a biopic over the past few years. Much like Queen's movie, Bohemian Rhapsody, and Elvis Presley's recent hit, Elvis, Michael is well overdue for having his life story told on the silver screen. But one of the main concerning parts of the movie has been who will be playing the iconic performer. A new report has now revealed it'll be someone who was very close to Michael while he was alive. Michael will be played by his nephew, Jaafar Jackson, in the upcoming biopic. The 26-year-old singer and performer is the son of Michael's older brother, Jermaine Jackson. Jaafar has reportedly been "singing and dancing since he was 12-years-old" and has previously "showcased himself singing tunes from Sam Cooke to Marvin Gaye". (Via Deadline) The movie does not yet have a title, but it does have a director. American filmmaker Antoine Fuqua is helming the picture, and is best known for leading The Equalizer, Emancipation, Training Day and Southpaw. DON'T MISS...Michael Jackson biopic 'will address' abuse accusations [NEWS]Michael Jackson's sister La Toya pays tribute to ex Lisa Marie Presley [INFO]Michael Jackson was defended by Lisa Marie Presley after ultimatum [INSIGHT] Fuqua has since confirmed the news on his Instagram account, as well. He posted a photo of what looks like Jaafar in a full Michael Jackson outfit with the caption: "Proud to announce @jaafarjackson as Michael — the motion picture event that explores the journey of the man who became the King of Pop. Coming soon." Other than the director and main star, Michael's biopic is still shrouded in mystery. However, Deadline have reported it will not "shy away" from the controversies in his life. These will likely include the various sexual abuse allegations and court case that Michael was met with throughout the 1990s and 2000s. There is a silver lining to the upcoming biopic, however, as the Jackson estate has delivered its full support to the project. This means that the Michael movie will include a collection of the star's iconic songs, completing the picture with the appropriate soundtrack. What's more, the script is being written by John Logan, and the picture will be produced by Graham King, who fronted Freddie Mercury's Bohemian Rhapsody movie. This upcoming biopic will hit cinemas over a decade after the King of Pop's death. Michael died on June 25, 2009, following an overdose of propofol. This drug was administered by his personal physician, Dr Conrad Murray, who was later convicted in 2011 of involuntary manslaughter. SOURCE