Prince Harry’s tell-all memoir Spare is due to be published in the UK on Tuesday, January 10, but leaked excerpts have already provided some allegations against the Royal Familybacked by 78 percent of Express.co.uk readers in a new poll. Kensington and Buckingham Palace have refused to comment on anything contained in Harry’s book, which is in keeping with their maxim of “never complain, never explain” and not sharing their opinions, leaving official communications to speak out on matters. Historian David Starkey has described King Charles III’s silence towards his son as a “clever long game”. He told The Mirror: “What I think Charles is doing is actually playing a rather clever long game. He's just letting events take their course, which I think is a very wise thing to do.” Ahead of the publication of Spare, two interviews will air on Sunday, January 8, with the Duke of Sussex discussing his memoir and offering further insight into his royal life. Harry has conducted a 90-minute “in-depth” interview with ITV’s News at Ten presenter Tom Bradby, and separately with Anderson Cooper on CBS News' 60 Minutes programme in a “revealing” and “explosive” interview. READ MORE: Time ticking for Royal Family as 'response would be expected'  In a poll that ran from 11am on Tuesday, January 3rd to 1.30pm on Friday, January 6, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Is it time for Royal Family to speak out ahead of next 'explosive' Harry interview?” Overall, 6,039 people responded with the overwhelming majority, 78 percent (4,706 people) answering “no” the Firm should keep their silence. Whereas 21 percent (1,253 people) said “yes” they should speak out and a further one percent (80 people) said they did not know either way. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on the Royal Family’s silence towards Harry. Most readers thought that the Royal Family’s silence was the right response, with username Tunnicliffe commenting that “silence is golden”. Username praetor said: “There is dignity in the silence from Buckingham Palace.” Similarly, username sue48 wrote: “Keep silent and move forward!” And username L65 added: “They should retain a dignified silence. They don't need to do anything.” DON'T MISS: Charlotte 'burst into tears' over bridesmaid row with Kate and Meghan [INSIGHT]Inside Prince Harry's relationship with Zara and Mike Tindall [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry discloses Kate's first reaction to Meghan [LATEST] Username Maggie Rob said: “The Royal Family are taking the moral high ground making the Sussex look petty.” Some readers thought releasing a statement would backfire on the Firm. Username BristolGal0629 said: “If the Royal Family release any statement or whatever they will only add fuel to the Sussex's fire.” Another, username Jeremy1951 said: “To respond would only open up further discourse from Harry and Meghan which would damage the institution of the Monarchy still further.” However, a minority thought the Firm should speak out after the publication of Spare. Username granny22 commented: “After Harry’s book has been released and thoroughly examined, that will be the time for the Royal Family to make a response to all the lies and falsehoods if they want to.”  Meanwhile, some thought that an sit-down interview should take place in the future to share the Royal Family’s perspective on the claims. Username Jellybean66 writing: “No keep quiet till the book comes out and really scrutinise it. Then perhaps say something in a sit-down interview with someone they trust.” Username GEE said: “The time will come when ignoring the issues will be seen as unacceptable at which time it may be deemed acceptable for William to do a sit-down interview. And username macca1962 remarked: “If they do speak out it should be Prince William who does it.”