Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s body language from their Netflix series has been analysed by two different body language experts. One mentioned the couple’s relationship dynamic, and how “besotted” Harry is with Meghan, but this soon turns to “embarrassment” when his wife demonstrates how she curtseyed to Queen Elizabeth II. Body language expert Louise Marla joined Australia’s The Morning Show where she was asked about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s body language when they were being interviewed together for the series. Louise said she saw “a man completely besotted by her [Meghan]” and noted he was “madly in love”. Meghan, on the other hand, “does a lot of breathiness”, the expert claimed. The body language expert also claimed Meghan “runs the whole show”, citing the couple’s early relationship when Harry was late for the first date, but Meghan was late for the second date. Meghan argued she had to freshen up and change her clothes. READ MORE: Kate, Princess of Wales showcases new lipstick colour Later on in the Netflix documentary, Meghan discussed the first time she met Queen Elizabeth and how she had to curtsy, which she couldn’t comprehend considering the monarch was also Harry’s grandmother. Meghan explained: “There wasn’t like some big moment of ‘now you’re going to meet my grandmother’. I didn’t know I was going to meet her until moments before. “We were in the car and we were going to Royal Lodge for lunch, and he’s [Harry] like ‘Oh, my grandmother’s here, we’re going to meet her after church.’ “And I remember we were in the car driving up and he’s like ‘You know how to curtsy, right?’ And I just thought it was a joke.” DON'T MISS...Makeup artist shares tips to ‘lift sagging skin’ for women 40+ [VIDEO]Cook jacket potatoes in 20 minutes using an oven with spoon method [CHEF]Garden expert shares ‘no1’ cat deterrent that ‘works within 3 hours’ [EXCLUSIVE] Harry added: “How do you explain that to people? How do you explain that you bow to your grandmother? And that you will need to curtsy. Especially to an American. That’s weird.” Meghan continued: “Now I’m starting to realise ‘This is a big deal’. I mean, Americans will understand this… We have medieval times, dinners and tournaments. It was like that.” She then demonstrated how she curtseyed to the Queen, performing an awkward and exaggerated curtsy, giggling away, and saying: "Pleasure to meet you, Your Majesty.” The camera showed Harry watching his wife. Body language expert Nicole Moore watched this moment and said: “Meghan's grand re-enactment of meeting the Queen offers a rare moment where we see Harry not fawning over Meghan." READ MORE: Samantha Markle exposes another Meghan 'lie' Nicole said Harry showed signs of being “initially supportive”, watching his wife "unwaveringly" and "showing the steady stream of pro-Meghan support that we are accustomed to seeing from him”. But, the longer it [the curtsey] went on, the less enthused Harry seems by it, she suggested. “As Meghan stays in a bowed position for a potentially cringe-worthy amount of time, we see a glimpse of Harry's true feelings at that moment,” Nicole alleged. “Harry darts his eyes upward and he smirks slightly but with tense lips. His face here indicates embarrassment, almost as if he wants to cringe on the inside a little bit." As Meghan concludes, he smiles at her with "genuine emotion and amusement," but it is “forced” and his gaze shoots down once again, the expert claimed. Nicole suggested Harry’s body language “shows a mixture of being slightly embarrassed but also slightly entertained”. She told The List how, in her opinion, the Prince is “equal parts amused by Meghan while also at times, feeling like he needs to pull inward out of embarrassment".