Jack Draper has been told what he must do to defeat Rafael Nadal at the Australian Open as the British No 3 faces arguably the toughest match of his young career. Tim Henman claimed that the reigning Aussie Open champion was currently “struggling” after being courtside for the Spaniard’s recent defeat to Cameron Norrie and thought that it left Draper with a good chance to pull off the upset. Draper has a tall task in his Australian Open debut as he has drawn top seed and reigning champion Nadal in his opening match. While it’s a tricky draw for the 21-year-old, Draper himself is also a tough first opponent for the Spaniard given his world No 40 ranking and recent form, reaching the semi-final in Adelaide this week. And Draper has now been told that he has a shot at causing an upset in Melbourne on Monday as long as he has the belief that he can win. Tim Henman told Express Sport that the Sutton native was capable of winning the match after joining Norrie at the recent United Cup where the world No 12 defeated Nadal in his first match of the season. “I think for Jack to believe that he can cause the upset is massively important,” he said, speaking ahead of the Australian Open, which is live and exclusive on discovery+ and Eurosport. “And you reflect the way that he’s been playing, Jack’s been improving all the time and what he achieved last year starting outside sort of 270 and finishing in the top 50, he’s in the semis this week and he’s playing great tennis.” Comparing Draper’s current form to Nadal’s, the former world No 4 shared his experience of witnessing the 22-time Grand Slam champion on a match court earlier this month. JUST IN: Nadal's blunt comment for Toni as coach sided against Auger-Aliassime   He continued: “When you look at the other side of the net, Nadal has been struggling. I was on the court with Cam Norrie at the United Cup when Cam beat him and Rafa has just not had the match wins in the last three or four months. So if you’re going to play one of the top players, I think it’s a great opportunity to play them in the opening rounds and Jack’s got that.” The former British No 1 doubled-down on his advice to Draper, as he told the 21-year-old he must believe that he can beat Nadal in order to do it. “It will be a great opportunity, an amazing experience and I think if he believes that he can beat Rafa, he’s got a good chance,” he added. DON'T MISSDjokovic and Kyrgios both come out as winners from charity matchDeported Boris Becker makes firm GOAT statement on TV returnNadal misconceptions addressed as Djokovic fight set to continue Draper isn’t the only Brit with a blockbuster opening match, as five-time former finalist Andy Murray drew world No 14 Matteo Berrettini. Discussing whether Draper or Murray had a better chance against their respective opponents, Henman said both men had the ability to get the win. “I think that’s quite a good analogy,” he said. “I think they’re both underdogs but are they both capable of winning? Yes they are. But Nadal and Berrettini both go in as favourites for those two matches.” Watch every match from the Australian Open live and exclusive on discovery+ and Eurosport. 