Rod Stewart’s son, Liam Stewart, looked happier than ever as he announced he is expecting a baby with his partner Nicole Ann in a new social media update. The hockey player, 28, was inundated with congratulatory messages as he took to Instagram to share the happy news. He uploaded a black and white video of himself and Nicole celebrating the news and cradling her bump. The clip also included a short clip of the proud dad-to-be holding up the ultrasound photos and smiling. The joint post, shared by Nicole, was captioned: “Mom + Dad | Baby Boy joins us in May,” along with a baby emoji. Liam’s family members were quick to take to the post’s comments section to react to the announcement. His sister, Renee said: “Love you guys.” Older sister Ruby, who is also expecting her first child, echoed: “(Ugly crying) love you guys so happy for you two.” Kimberly, another one of Liam’s many siblings, added: “The best. Love you both.” Liam’s mum and Rod’s ex-wife, Rachel Hunter penned: “Love you guys so exciteeddd the best Mum and Dad ever !!! “I can’t wait !! finally I get to tell everyone. “Didn’t have my glasses on and put up the wrong heart !!!” alongside a string of red love heart emojis. The Maggie May singer's first wife Alana Stewart chimed: "Congratulations." Rod’s current wife, Penny Lancaster, chimed in: “Beautiful, I can’t help watching it over and over again.” DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast's Carol Kirkwood finally addresses Naga Munchetty 'feud' [LATEST]Amanda Owen shares ‘two simple facts’ on separation from husband Clive [INTERVIEW]Piers Morgan fumes over Meghan’s rejection of Jeremy Clarkson apology [TV] Last week, Rod announced his new grandchild's gender as he was joined by his wife Penny and six of his children to celebrate daughter Ruby’s pregnancy. He was surrounded by his family as he proudly revealed the gender of his second grandchild. Ruby, 35, is expecting her first baby with her partner Jake Kalick. Also in attendance were five more of Rod’s children: Aiden, 11, Alastair, 17, Renee, 30, Sean, 42, Kimberly, 43, and her daughter Delilah, 11. Rod’s son Liam, 28, was missing from the snap along with his eldest daughter Sarah, 59. In the clip, Rod can be seen opening up a piece of paper before exclaiming: “It’s a boy!” As his family erupted into cheers, Rod also celebrated that they will be welcoming another supporter of his beloved Celtic FC. Penny could be heard behind the camera asking Rod to show her the paper, which prompted him to chant: “Another winkle in the Stewart family.” The clip was shared by Rod to his 1.2 million Instagram followers on January 2.