When asked by Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield about the song he wrote as a tribute to his wife, the former Sex Pistols star choked back tears as he spoke to the presenters via video link. John explained he has struggled to watch his wife's "very slow dilapidation of the brain". "It's heartbreaking," John admitted before discussing his new song. "And I've taken an awfully long time to put the lyrics together here for this, something like four years. "And I think it's as close to accurately portraying the situation as I can get. "It's not just about me and Nora, it's a subject that we need to seriously. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss "Alzheimer's is enormous, and it's so pervasive and so at the moment...incurable. "I'm having to struggle to find any way of controlling at all, and keeping a relationship with Nora. "And hopefully the song kind of helps there." He continued: "It tells you not to ask them questions, it tells you to be happy with them, and you'll get a better response.  "And I hope that comes across in the music." However, after playing a clip of his new song, John appeared to get emotional and he struggled to hold back the tears. The 67-year-old went on to tell the hosts music and cue cards help him to communicate with Nora."Finding things that we share together," he explained. "And if there's a language on the screen where she can focus on that and it helps." DON'T MISS...Radio 2's Zoe Ball replaced by Vernon Kay after issuing urgent health  [NEWS]Eamonn Holmes shares Ruth Langsford bedroom admission [VIDEO]Vera's Brenda Blethyn speaks out on Dr Malcolm Donahue's exit  [INSIGHT] Phillip weighed in: "And this is a woman when you first met her in Vivienne Westwood sex shop in 1975. "You said you were struck completely by her absolute independence. "So that must make it equally difficult for both of you for you essentially, to be her carer. "Now, that's what makes this condition so horribly cruel." "At this time in our lives, we were imagining, like, I suppose doing nothing and needing a carefree existence," he replied. "That's not the case anymore, she requires 24/7 attention." "And I'm more than willing to give her that because the life she's given me up till now has been amazing," John added as he struggled to finish his sentence. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.