Joe Biden and his administration have been accused of "putting a target" on the back of federal border agents with their perceived lack of action on the ongoing migrant crisis. Texas, Arizona and other southern border states have been calling for action from Washington for months to tackle the concerning influx of arrivals from Mexico. US authorities reported border patrol officers stopped 251,487 migrants along the border with Mexico in December, a seven percent increase from November, and a 40 percent increase from the same period in 2021. While agents themselves have been complaining about the stress and pressure they have been facing, wives have also joined in to hit out at the President and federal agencies for leaving their husbands without support. An anonymous wife claims her husband had been made to feel "forgotten" and "unsupported" as they are left facing an increasingly dangerous job. She claimed to Fox News: "Morale is low. They're being spread thin. And I feel like they've basically put a target on my husband's back and all the agents' back, really, by highlighting untruths and not supporting them as an organization. "There was nothing our agents could do to change that. Even if they brought it up, they were quickly turned down to say, you don't have a choice." JUST IN: Jill Biden shuts down pass attempts to question POTUS as she moves President away She admitted to feeling powerless at seeing her husband and his colleagues heading to work to secure the US border while feeling they had little support from the administration. Another wife said she and other partners have now come to accept they might not see their husbands come home as the job becomes increasingly dangerous. The unnamed woman also reported an increased rate of suicide among border agents because of the growing pressure. She said: "[W]e know every single time that they go to work, there's a chance they're not coming back. "So our husbands' safety, and I'm sure many of us here have had experience of getting hurt, getting that call. So it's nerve-wracking." READ MORE: Suspects filmed 'callously laughing' at 19-year-old rape victim shortly before her death Communities at the border have also been greatly affected as US authorities try their best to accommodate the growing number of adults and children crossing into the country. One Border Patrol agent's wife also noted locals have had to contend with criminals using the ongoing crisis to send their children to schools across the border. She said: "I'm scared for my kids because we do know for a fact that there are traffickers, that there is a cartel living here, and they're amongst us. "That's a fact. Cartel kids attend the same high schools our kids attend." DON'T MISS: Snow showers to lash parts of UK this weekend amid blizzard fears [FORECAST]Samantha Markle exposes another Meghan 'lie' [INSIGHT]Royal Family still has to deal with racism, despite Harry's new claim [COMMENT] Joe Biden said earlier this month the US would admit up to 30,000 people a month from Cuba, Haiti, Nicaragua and Venezuela under humanitarian parole. The new measures would allow the migrant to live and work for two years in the United States if they apply online, pay airfare and find a financial sponsor. Mexico also agreed to take back the same number from those four countries who enter the US illegally and can be removed under the pandemic-era rule known as Title 42. CBP’s acting commissioner Troy Miller signalled that the latest measures may be having the desired effect. Miller said in a press release: “Early data suggests the expanded measures for Cubans, Haitians, and Nicaraguans are having a similar impact, and we look forward to sharing the additional data in the next update." 