Iceland is famed for its waterfalls, cliffs and rock formations. But a “gorgeous” Scottish staycation might just have it beat. According to Willerby, many tourists are considering holidaying closer to home in 2023 with some opting to stay in the UK. If British travellers were plotting a trip to Iceland, they might be able to satisfy the itch with a Scottish holiday in the Isle of Skye. Willerby said: “The gorgeous cliffs, waterfalls and rock formations here might make you think you are in Iceland, but you’d really be just off the west coast of Scotland. “The most popular geological feature on the Isle of Skye is the Old Man of Storr, a pinnacle of rock said to mark the grave of a fallen giant.” READ MORE: Travel horror as passenger furious at couple with 'delightful' baby With picturesque fishing villages, rugged landscapes and medieval castles, the Isle of Skye can feel like another world. Visit Skye said: “Skye is a truly magical place. The largest of the Inner Hebrides, it’s home to some of Scotland’s most iconic landscapes. “Whether you want to visit the Isle of Skye for a few days whilst on a tour of Scotland or stay for a longer spell, the island has countless ways to enchant you, with its mountain ranges, miles of dramatic coastline and captivating history.” Located on the north of Skye, Old Man Storr, is perhaps the most famous walk on the island and the formation can be seen for miles around. Once at the top, tourists will be able to see the Sound of Raasay and even across to the Scottish mainland. The incredible rock might be recognizable from the films, Prometheus and The Wickerman, where it served as a backdrop. Waterfall fans will want to head straight to Skye’s mystical Fairy Pools, a popular wild swimming spot in summer. Although Iceland has some incredible opportunities to spot wildlife, Skye offers plenty for nature fans. READ MORE: ‘Leave the trainers in the cabin’ warns cruise line Tourists can take a boat trip to see pods of dolphins and might even spot a minke whale if they’re lucky. Otters can be seen in the island’s rivers and lochs while Skye has a large population of red deer. Sea eagles can often be seen soaring above Skye’s coastline and tourists may even see puffins in early spring. For history buffs, a visit to Dunvegan Castle is a must as it has been inhabited by the same family for over 800 years. Tourists who want to delve back to the start of the island’s history could even spot dinosaur footprints on the shore at Staffin. The island is also home to plenty of brochs, round towers which were built around 2,000 years ago. After a busy day exploring, tourists could enjoy some local fish or seafood at a cosy island cafe. They could also pay a visit to the Talisker Distillery, the oldest working distillery on the Scottish island.