Sir Rod Stewart looked youthful as he wore stylish jeans paired with a cream polo neck to have lunch out near his home in Essex last Sunday. The Maggie May singer left pubgoers stunned with his appearance at the establishment following his staunch views on the NHS and Covid vaccinations. Sir Rod posed with staff at the Dog and Pickle Instagram in Moreton, Essex and subsequently, the snap was shared on the pub’s Instagram. In the comment section, badgerose commented: “I hope everyone who cooked his food was fully vaccinated.” bonita.morris.5 replied: “I couldn’t help thinking just that. I will never forget those who discriminated.” The critical comments come after the rocker previously divided fans when he revealed those who turn down coronavirus vaccinations make him “very angry”. READ MORE: Pamela Anderson wows with Baywatch bombshell look in tight dress However other revellers were pleased to see Rod mixing with the crowd at the venue. foodmunkey commented: “Unreal! Told my wife since I moved to Essex the dream is to casually bump into @sirrodstewart one day!” imogen_44 added: “Oh I would have booked lunch here if I had known SIR ROD was going to be there.” Rod had surprisingly called Sky News last week to offer to pay for patients in need to have hospital scans amid the NHS crisis. The 78-year-old rock star, who has backed the Conservatives in the past, said he had never seen the situation in the UK “so bad” and called for Labour to be given a chance to run the country, adding to Sky: “Change the b****y government.” Rod, who was watching the Your Say segment on Thursday while building his model railway at home, made the unscheduled appearance after he heard people’s stories of trying to access healthcare. He said the situation was “ridiculous”, compared with him being able to afford private healthcare and going for a scan easily at an “empty” clinic. He told the programme: “I would like to pay for 10 or 20 scans, or however much it takes. DONT MISS:Brenda Edwards on how she will mark anniversary of son Jamal’s death (PHOTOS)Deborah James’ brother details most important part of her cancer fight (NEWS)Andrea McLean admits brands ‘dropped her' after she quit Loose Women (LATEST) “I don’t know how we’re (going to) work this out and, hopefully, some other people will follow, because it seems ridiculous that this particular scanning clinic was empty. “There are people dying because they cannot get scans. “I don’t need the publicity. I just want to do some good things and this, I think, it’s a good thing, because if other people follow me, I’d love it.” Rod also previously discussed his view that everyone, apart from those who are exempt, should get their Covid-19 vaccinations. He voiced his fury at anti-vaxxers and said the only people welcome at his 2021 Christmas party were those who had both vaccines and a booster. The musician has received three Covid-19 jabs and admits those who turn down the chance of a vaccine make him annoyed. He branded so-called "anti-vaxxers" as "killers" for not taking the vaccine, as they are more likely to catch and spread the virus. Sir Rod told Times Radio Drive host John Pienaar: ‘It makes me angry, especially in America where they talk about “It’s my right, it’s my freedom.”