Manchester United have set a new maximum wage they will offer Marcus Rashford, according to reports. The Red Devils will not give the England star a penny over £300,000 a week. United were recently reported to be capping players' wages at £200,000 a week. However, Rashford is already earning that amount and is set to be rewarded with an improved deal. Erik ten Hag wants to keep harmony in the dressing room and believes a tighter wage structure will do just that. Rashford has been in the form of his life since the World Cup, scoring in all seven games for his club. United have won all of those matches, conceding just two goals in the process, and are now hoping to be in the shake-up for the Premier League title. But despite being in scintillating touch, Rashford should not expect to be given the wages some big-named players, such as Cristiano Ronaldo, have had at Old Trafford in recent seasons. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  The Sun claims United have set a maximum of £300,000 a week on Rashford's renewal. He will receive incentives on top of the deal if he puts pen to paper on a five-year contract. His current contract expires at the end of next season after the club activated a one-year option in December. United are cautious of handing out mega deals and want to keep their higher earners on deals between £200,000 and £300,000 a week. Ronaldo was the highest earner on around £500,000 a week before his much-publicised departure in November. Paul Pogba was on mega money before his exit last summer and United are determined not to be left in a similar position in the future. DON'T MISSMan Utd star Sancho’s next course of action after watching Man City winDiaby emerges as Arsenal January target after Raphinha developmentMan Utd's 'discreet' target comes to light after 'follow up' on scouting trips  David de Gea will have to reduce what he earns if he wants to stay at United. He is currently on £375,000 a week and will leave on a free transfer in the summer if he does not agree to a lower wage. United have won their last nine matches in all competitions, dating back to before the World Cup. Ten Hag has overseen a major turnaround which has seen them close the gap on second-placed Manchester City to just one point. Rashford has been the centre point of that success and tying up his future is a priority. Paris Saint-Germain have a long-term interest in the 25-year-old so United will be desperate to get a deal done as soon as possible.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here