Ferrari have struck a deal with the FIA to remain in F1 from 2026 despite previously boycotting the new regulations amid fears of a Red Bull advantage. The Scuderia was concerned about Red Bull’s status under the new rules which could have handed them a significant advantage. The reigning champions will produce their own engines when the rules change, developed by their Red Bull Powertrain (RBPT) division. This may have allowed Red Bull to sign up as a new entrant and get access to extra funding and more development. Ferrari are understood to be against this as Red Bull already enjoys a technical partnership with Honda. The team previously suggested there was “no answer” regarding when the situation would be resolved. However, the team have now accepted the FIA’s promise that Red Bull will not be considered a new entrant under the current definition of the rules. According to Japanese site AutoSport Web, a Ferrari official said: ”It would be like Alfa Romeo buying the IP [intellectual property] of our current power unit and taking advantage of the benefits allowed to the new manufacturer for three seasons. READ MORE: Christian Horner talks up Red Bull decision after Ferrari row “We will build a power unit that is far superior to the power units that the existing manufacturers are building under their limitations. In that case, we could buy an engine from Alfa Romeo and use it with a Ferrari badge, so we might get the best engine that our rivals can't match. But that is not what the regulations we have agreed are intended to do. “A new manufacturer is a purely new entrant, like Audi or Porsche, who has no experience with the current regulations. I'm not talking about someone using a gimmick that looks like it's going to start off with the current power unit that we manufacture and develop." The Prancing Horse didn’t sign up for the 2026 regulations at the first deadline back in October. DON'T MISSFerrari 'banned from private F1 meeting' after fallout over new rules [INSIGHT]Ferrari 'preventing' Mattia Binotto from joining another F1 team [ANALYSIS]Ferrari 'split with lucrative sponsor' and face £40m windfall [COMMENT] They were also missing from the entries list at the second round of bidding in November. Reports even claim the iconic Italian marque was banned from a private meeting of F1’s Engine Advisory Committee after faking to sign on the dotted line. Red Bull opted to build their own power units after talks on a possible partnership with Porsche collapsed over the summer.