Bathroom mould is a very common problem, particularly in areas around the bath and shower - more specifically the grout and sealant around them. Mould is caused by a build-up of moisture, so it’s unsurprising that your bathroom can be a popular breeding ground for stubborn mould spores. To clean and remove mould from bathroom grout and sealants one Mrs Hinch fan has taken to social media for help. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Helen Richards wrote: “How can you get mould off bath sealant and grout?” According to the comments section, cleaning enthusiasts stated that natural methods take too long to combat the issue and Helen should instead opt for a specific mould remover. One spray that kept cropping up in the comments was the Astonish Mould and Mildew Blaster. Many raved at how well the product works. Posting a picture of the spray, Claire Bateman wrote: “This stuff. It’s amazing. Spray on, leave overnight, rinse the next morning - I actually couldn't believe it.” READ MORE: Bleach makes mould ‘worse’ - use ‘most effective’ method instead Denise responded to Claire saying: “I use this. I use it as soon as I see mould appear. You can watch it get to work straight away.” Angela added: “I use this as well, stops the mould.” Fiona Walker said: “Astonish mould and mildew… amazing.” Noreen Timmis recommended: “Astonish Mould and Mildew Blaster, just spray all over and it just vanishes within a couple of hours, no need to scrub anything.” Tina Collum said: “Astonish mould spray is bloody amazing. It works on both of these areas.” DON'T MISSFour ‘vital’ mistakes to avoid a house sale ‘falling through’ [EXPERT]Eliminate yellow stains from toilet seats with ‘magic’ household item [TIPS]Prevent ‘serious damage’ to your garden by ‘avoiding’ these 3 plants [INSIGHT] Astonish Mould and Mildew Blaster retails for 95p at Wilko, but can also be purchased at local supermarkets such as Asda and Morrisons for £1.25. The brand claims it “blasts away mould and mildew stains in minutes without the need for scrubbing”. It's used by spraying it on the surface you want to clean. Then leave it on for a few minutes, before rinsing or wiping clean. Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended sticking with regular household bleach, despite claims that it can damage grout and sealants. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ household item to clean your entire bathroom with Traci Overton said: “For grout and sealants I use a toothbrush dipped in bleach, though bleach is not advised on grout, never had an issue.” Lavinia Blackman suggested: “Cotton wool balls soaked in bleach leave overnight if possible.” Emma Scannell recommended: “Use kitchen paper, scrunch it lengthways all along the sealant, saturate with bleach until it stays stuck to the sealant and leave for at least an hour. Have a little check every so often.” Lynda Coventry wrote: “I watched a programme recently and they used bleach. “Place a line along the mould and cover with cotton balls. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Leave for a few hours and then the mould has been removed. I've tried it and it works.” According to Rachel Meadowcroft, Product Manager at Ronseal, “bleach is best” when it comes to removing that top layer of stubborn mould and grime from grout. Households can use bleach in one of two ways. The first being using it neat by dipping a toothbrush straight into it and scrubbing the area. The second way is to combine it with baking soda to form a paste. Apply it to the area and leave for 15 minutes, then scrub it away.