Ant McPartlin and Dec Donnelly are more used to presenting I’m A Celebrity from the Australian outback. However, a new series taking place in South Africa will see campmates from the past 20 years compete to be the Legend of the Savanna. Joining Lorraine Kelly on her ITV show, the Geordie duo shared details of the new series, including a huge exit twist. Dec explained: ““It’s kind of an all-stars… Taking some of your favourite campmates from the last 20 years and taking them for a brand new challenge in South Africa. “So it's a completely different landscape and they're doing it again. “They're competing to become the first ever I'm A Celebrity ‘Legend of the Savanna’... It’s very special.” Ant went on to add: “And it's slightly different to the show we do in Australia because they go head to head in trials and whoever loses leaves. READ MORE: Denise Welsh erupts over claims Harry trashing royals 'for money' “It’s quite brutal, so that’s how we decided the winner.” “We’ve done it, we’ve shot it and it’s really, really good,” Dec confirmed. Asked how it was different to being in Australia, Ant explained the wildlife got involved with the Trials. “Do you know what though, there was loads of baboons when we filmed the series,” he recalled. “There was baboons everywhere. Like we'd be in the middle of doing a trial and then you would just hear the noise, literally just behind the cameraman, and a whole family of baboons… is that what you call them? “A group of baboons? A school of baboons? I don’t know. A babble of baboons would just sit watching the trial.” Dec continued: “They came along in the middle of the trial, they just came along and just sat there. DON'T MISS....Kim Kardashian claims she was invited to be on I'm A Celeb [INSIGHT]Matt Hancock 'dumps agent search' after I'm A Celeb success, reports [LATEST]Ant McPartlin’s ex-wife Lisa sparks concern with cryptic post [LATEST] “That was the audience, yeah! Hopefully there will be a few more watching when it goes on telly…” “We didn’t get any laughs from the baboons!” Ant joked. The full line-up for the I’m a Celebrity spin-off is yet to be confirmed, however, there’s been plenty of speculation about who could return. According to The Sun, viewers can expect to see Carol Vorderman, Amir Khan, Phil Tufnell and Helen Flanagan compete. It’s believed Andy Whyment, who took part just a few years ago, will also return along with fan favourite Myleene Klass. An ITV spokesperson said of the line-up: “We'll announce our line up and plans for I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! South Africa nearer it's transmission in 2023.” The series took place in South Africa's Kruger National Park and is likely to air before the main series returns in Winter 2023. Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV at 9am.