Arsenal’s Premier League clash with Tottenham on Sunday descended into chaos after the final whistle had blown as Gunners goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale was kicked in the back by a Spurs fan. And beIN Sports presenter Richard Keys has remarkably put the blame on Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta for the incident.  Arsenal were sensational against Spurs and took the lead after just 14 minutes as home keeper Hugo Lloris diverted the ball into his own net. And the Gunners went 2-0 ahead before half time as captain Martin Odegaard found the back of the net for the eighth time this season. Tottenham looked for a way back into the match in the second half as they peppered the Arsenal goal. But the Lilywhites were unable to penetrate the Gunners' defence as they stayed five points behind fourth-place Manchester United. After the match had ended, Ramsdale exchanged words with Spurs forward Richarlison. But after, as the England goalkeeper was led away to the edge of the pitch by a steward, he was kicked in the back as a Tottenham fan tried to attack him as he collected his water bottle. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  The incident was widely condemned, with the FA saying: “We strongly condemn the incident involving a spectator that followed today’s Premier League fixture between Tottenham Hotspur and Arsenal. This is wholly unacceptable behaviour and we will work together with the police, the relevant authorities and the clubs to ensure the appropriate action is taken.” But Keys claims Arteta was responsible for the fan’s behaviour. “My fear is, and I’ve said it for a long time now, that the guy in the middle there (Arteta) is the one that’s most to blame for the inflammatory behaviour [on the] touchline that winds people up,” Keys said on beIN Sports. “And if he’s not behaving himself, then it’s likely that others in his team aren’t going to either. Who ultimately then becomes the master of the discipline? There isn’t anyone.” Keys had already tried to blame Arsenal players for winding up the Tottenham fans as he started his tirade towards the Gunners by exclaiming: “Ramsdale has got form of winding supporters up and apparently has been having an exchange during the course of that second half with those Tottenham fans. Ben White as well was over there, 2-0 to Arsenal.” DON'T MISSManchester United boss Ten Hag may have pulled off transfer masterstrokeWeghorst had ulterior motive to join Man Utd as revelation comes to lightMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in private  Ramsdale, himself, was asked about the incident during a post-match interview. And the former Sheffield United shot-stopper said: “The Spurs fans gave me some throughout the game. I was giving some back. The people I did give it to greeted it in sportsmanlike terms but one fan tried to give me a little punch on the back. “It is a shame as it is just a game of football at the end of the day. Both sets of players tried to bring me away but thankfully nothing too drastic happened. It is a sour taste but I’m sure we will enjoy it when we go back into the dressing room.” 