Queen Consort Camilla has been praised for maintaining a "dignified silence" in the wake of Prince Harry's bombshell claims in his memoir. While King Charles III's wife has won plaudits, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have seen their popularity plunge in the United States, where the couple now live. Harry made a series of allegations against Camilla in his book, including that she converted his bedroom into a dressing room as soon as the Duke moved out of Clarence House. Since publication of his memoir, Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, have seen their popularity fall despite Spare being the fastest selling non-fiction work. Asked what people in the US admire about the Queen Consort, Los Angeles-based royal commentator Kinsey Schofield told Express.co.uk: "Camilla's dignified silence seems to be a quality Americans admire. "Of course, how are you supposed to respond to a nearly 40-year-old man complaining about you turning one of their multiple bedrooms into a closet?" Newsweek this week revealed Harry and Meghan have both seen their popularity drop across the pond.  Harry was liked by 31 percent and disliked by 38 percent of those polled giving him a net approval rating of -7.  READ ABOUT HARRY AND MEGHAN'S GAMEPLAN BEING DESTROYED Meghan was viewed favorably by 26 percent of Americans and unfavorably by 39 percent. Her net approval rating is -13, according to the poll. This compares to +23 on December 5, representing a drop of 36 points. Asked whether Camilla's popularity is rising in the US, Ms Schofield, who hosts the To Di For Daily podcast, said: "I would not suggest there is necessarily a strong increase in the Queen Consort’s popularity as much as there is a decline in the Duke and Duchess of Sussex brand. "Newsweek recently commissioned a poll that suggested Harry and Meghan’s favorability had taken such a thrashing post Spare that Camilla was now more popular than Meghan Markle in America. Despite The Crown season 5's most recent release." She added: "Likely due to an oversaturation of content from Netflix to books to interviews, Americans seem to be tiring of Harry and Meghan." DON'T MISS: Royal photographer lets slip what King is like behind the scenes [REVEALED] Meghan and Harry telling own story 'comes at a cost' [LATEST] Scottish EuroMillions winner spent £40m of jackpot before his death [REPORT] Ms Kinsey suggested Camilla will play a prominent role in the coronation of King Charles III on May 6. Buckingham Palace has recently released further details of the historic event which will take place at Westminster Abbey on morning of Saturday, May 6, conducted by the Archbishop of Canterbury. According to the palace, it will be "a solemn religious service, as well as an occasion for celebration and pageantry". The service will "reflect the monarch's role today and look towards the future, while being rooted in longstanding traditions and pageantry". It will also be a poignant occasion for some royal fans who would like to have seen Diana, Princess of Wales, take her place by the side of King Charles had events turned out differently. Ms Schofield told Express.co.uk: "We all miss and love Princess Diana, but I think that we will be so overwhelmed by the beautiful display of elegance and tradition that we will appreciate the moment. "The Queen Consort has earned her place and I don't know of a couple more in love than Charles and Camilla. "I think the Queen Consort will play a more prominent role [at the coronation] than Prince Philip did, however, to [what] extent I don't know." Charles and Camilla will arrive at Westminster Abbey in procession from Buckingham Palace, known as "the King's procession". After the service they will return to the palace in a larger ceremonial procession, known as "the coronation procession", joined by other members of the Royal Family. At the palace, Charles and Camilla will be joined by family members on the balcony to conclude the day's ceremonial events. The palace has not said exactly which family members will appear in the coronation procession or on the balcony.