Stonehouse is coming to ITV and the series dramatises the life of disgraced British government minister John Stonehouse. He is remembered for his unsuccessful attempt at faking his own death in 1974. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what really happened to him. Stonehouse stars Matthew Macfadyen and Keeley Hawes as John Stonehouse and his first wife, Barbara Smith. The series is set in November 1974 when the British politician in the Harold Wilson government disappeared. He had gone missing from the beach of a luxury hotel in Miami, Florida, leaving behind a neatly-folded pile of clothes. He swam into the sea in an attempt to fake his own death, making people believe he had drowned. The MP was presumed dead despite the fact nobody had been found. READ MORE: Stonehouse cast swipe at Matt Hancock as they compare disgraced MPs He was, in fact, headed for Australia in the hope of starting a new life with his secretary, Sheila Buckley. The pair had become an item following his divorce from Barbara Smith in 1978. Using a false identity, he started transferring large amounts of money between banks to cover himself. He had deposited cash at the Bank of New Zealand and the Bank of New South Wales. Stonehouse and Buckley spent some time in Copenhagen before returning to Australia, where he was unknowingly under surveillance. Investigators knew Stonehouse was reading British papers that included stories about him being "recently deceased". Scotland Yard was contacted and asked for photos of Stonehouse and he was later arrested in Melbourne on December 24. Six months after he was arrested, he was deported to the UK and was remanded in Brixton Prison until August 1975 when he was released on bail. He continued to serve as an MP until his trial, which resulted in him being sentenced to seven years in prison for fraud. DON'T MISS... Succession’s Matthew MacFadyen addresses 'vanity' in UK politicians [INTERVIEW] Love Island will have new social media rule for contestants [INSIGHT] Line of Duty's Martin Compston shuts down series return [DISCUSSION] In August 1979, he was released early from prison on good behaviour, but also due to health issues. He has suffered three heart attacks, two of which came within four days of each other. After his release, he went on to write three novels and made TV and radio appearances in connection with discussing his disappearance. His daughter Julia also published an account of his life in 2021, titled John Stonehouse, My Father: The True Story of the Runaway MP. Stonehouse died in March 1988 after collapsing on set during an edition of Central Weekend in Birmingham. The was kept in hospital after having a minor heart attack but went on to have a massive heart attack less than three weeks later. Although he was taken to hospital again, he could not be saved and he died there. In 1989, his fourth novel was published posthumously.  Stonehouse airs on ITV1 and ITVX from January 2 at 9pm.