Musty towel smells occur when they don't dry thoroughly between uses. A warm, moist environment is a perfect home to fungal and bacterial growth. All it can take is leaving a damp towel balled up in a laundry basket or on the floor of the bathroom. Thus, hanging a towel to allow air to circulate and dry it after every use is the best way to prevent odours. Sometimes even when trying to prevent odours, towels can still end up smelling a little off. If this occurs, Kerry Hale at Mira Showers recommends replacing the detergent with something that can be found in most kitchen cupboards. She said: “Towels that still smell unpleasant after washing may contain stubborn bacteria that need removing. “Rewash your towel using a cup of white vinegar instead of detergent. This should kill the bacteria and neutralise any odours.” White vinegar is an acid that kills mildew, mould and other bacteria. It also strips away any build-up left on towels from soaps and from using too much detergent. READ MORE: ‘Excellent natural cleaner’ that removes yellow stains from pillows White vinegar can be found in most households. However, for those who don’t already have a bottle to hand, it can be purchased at local supermarkets such as Tesco and Asda for 29p. When washing towels or any other piece of laundry it is advised to add the white vinegar to the fabric softener compartment. This is so that the washing machine will dilute the vinegar by adding lots and lots of water to it during a cycle. Kerry added: “In addition, ensure you hang towels out to dry immediately after washing them. Leaving towels in the drum allows mould and mildew to develop, causing damp smells.” While it is ok to use regular laundry detergent when washing towels, using too much is where most go wrong as it can “make your towels feel stiff” after washing, according to the expert. DON'T MISS‘Easy’ DIY steps to fix a 'cold-bottom' radiator ‘yourself’ [EXPERT]Mould will ‘vanish’ from bathroom sealant and grout with 95p spray [TIPS]‘Very effective' 70p kitchen item to ‘kill’ houseplant white mould [INSIGHT] Kerry advised: “Use half the amount you would for clothes and choose an extra-long rinse cycle to remove detergent residue. Never use fabric softener on towels, as it lessens their absorbency.” When washing towels it can be difficult to know which temperature to use as many people have different opinions. Some people advise 30 degrees, saying anything hotter will make towels stiff and scratchy or fade their colour. Others believe hotter temperatures between 40 and 75 degrees are the only way to kill bacteria. Kerry said: “We recommend washing  coloured  towels at 40 degrees and white towels between 60 and 75 degrees.” READ MORE: ‘Simple’ solutions to reduce laundry costs - ‘save over £800 a year’ Drying towels in the tumble dryer alone won’t achieve the “best results” and can “ruin the fibres”, according to the pro. However she warned that it’s “even worse” to dry them on the radiator, as this leaves them “stiff and scratchy” and can make a heating system less effective. Instead Kerry suggested: “Air-drying your towels outside on a mild, dry day is the best method. The sun will bleach white towels to keep them bright while the UV rays kill any remaining bacteria. “If you don’t have any outdoor space, open the windows or use a dehumidifier to prevent moisture from building up in the air.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea In order to dry towels correctly to achieve that “soft, fluffy” feel, Kerry has shared the “optimal method”. Begin by taking the towels out of the wash and shaking them thoroughly. Put them in the tumble dryer with some clean tennis balls and dry for around 20 minutes on  a high  heat. The tennis balls will fluff up the towels, and the heat will “kill any remaining bacteria” and prevent any odours. Finish off by hanging the towels on the washing line to finish drying them, and ensure they are completely dry before storing them.