Many older people are getting by on restricted incomes, and this can be difficult when prices and bills are soaring. To provide support, the Government typically issues a Winter Fuel Payment during the colder months of the year. For those born before September 26, 1956, a Winter Fuel Payment could provide help with paying heating bills. However, older Britons are also set to receive a pensioner cost of living payment this financial year. Individuals can expect to receive between £150 and £300 as a one-off payment for winter 2022/23. It means in total, people could get between £250 and £600 to help with the cost of energy this winter. READ MORE: Cold Weather Payment postcode checker shows if area is due £25 Britons should have already received a letter telling them how much they will get. This letter outlines: The account is usually the same as a person receives their state pension or other benefits into. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) states most people are usually paid in November or December. DON'T MISS‘Impact of inflation’ can’t be ignored by state pensioners [INSIGHT]Millions of Britons to get up to £1,350 in cost of living support [LATEST]Premium Bonds winner in 'disbelief' after £1million prize win [ANALYSIS] However, some will still be awaiting their payment and may need to take action. The Department has confirmed people should be paid by January 13, 2023 at the very latest. If they have not, then pensioners are encouraged to carefully check their account as a first point of action. In the instance where a payment has not been received, individuals will need to contact the Winter Fuel Payment Centre. READ MORE: Pensioners with hearing loss may be eligible for Attendance Allowance This can be done via telephone on 0800 731 0160, with phone lines open Monday to Friday, 8am to 6pm. Although most people get the Winter Fuel Payment automatically, others will need to claim. People will not need to claim if they get any of the following: What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Those not in receipt of any of these will need to claim if ether of the following apply: The DWP states people might need to claim if they live abroad, even if they are in receipt of one of these benefits or payments. The deadline to make a claim is March 31, 2023. This can also be done by contacting the Winter Fuel Payment Centre for assistance. Before making a call, individuals are encouraged to have the following details to hand: