Soaked in spite, marinated in malice, the book has exposed him to the world as a jealous man-child, whose verbal incontinence is matched by his capacity for paranoia and petulance. The peevish, often incoherent, Prince has already made a fortune from this book. But in the process, he has sold his soul with his spectacular treachery towards his family and his country. Nothing, not family secrets or the deathbed scene of the late Queen or the experiences of his fellow British soldiers in Afghanistan, is too precious to escape the ruthless commercial exploitation by the Sussex brand. There is a remarkable contrast between the extravagant global hype for Spare and Harry’s minuscule record of achievement. Not even Winston Churchill was accorded such a publicity blitz when his epic account of the Second World War was published to acclaim. Harry’s book has dominated the media around the world for almost a week, helped by programmes such as last night’s ITV interview with his friend Tom Bradby, the newscaster who was the first journalist to reveal Harry and Meghan’s growing distance from the Royal Family in 2021. In this new edition of When Harry Met Bradby, all the Prince’s contradictions and self-delusions were on full display. While he denounced his closest relatives, he bleated about his hopes for reconciliation. “I want my father back. I want my brother back,” he said, prompting Bradby to argue that Harry had not just burned his bridges, but had “taken a flamethrower” to them. Harry also wailed about the Palace “leaking and planting stories” in the press, yet, as Bradby pointed out, his entire book is a gigantic exercise in the invasion of other people’s privacy, particularly his brother’s. So prickly about the media delving into his life, Harry describes in vivid detail two altercations with William, one of which ended with Harry crashing into a dog bowl. The other, more emotionally than physically painful, occurred at Prince Philip’s funeral, when William swore on their mother’s life that he wanted the best for Harry. But Harry refused to be believe him. Now living in California, Harry is a devotee of therapeutic techniques, as he and Bradby discussed. But this book is more self-sabotage than self-help. Indeed, as he makes himself a laughing stock with his unedifying tales of losing his virginity, having his penis bitten by frostbite and using Class A drugs, he seems to have invented a new literary genre. In recent years, we have had the “Misery Memoir”. Now Harry brings us the “Ridicule Recollections”. His descent into absurdity is fuelled by his lack of self-awareness. His claim that he and his wife are “dedicated to a life of service” is almost laughable, given their fixation with wealth and luxury. Similarly, his complaints in the book about the size of his guest room at Balmoral or the cheapness of his furniture at Kensington Palace show no grasp of how entitled he sounds, especially in the midst of the cost-of- living crisis. He is the high priest of victimhood who never takes any responsibility for his actions, as highlighted by his cowardly attempt to blame William and Kate for his decision to wear a Nazi uniform to a fancy dress party. For all his faddish burbling about compassion, he can be cruelly unpleasant. At one stage, he recounts how he mocked a disabled matron at his prep school,while there is also a whiff of misogynistic relish in a passage where Meghan dismisses Kate’s “baby brain” following a difficulty pregnancy. Hypocrisy is matched by deceit. Having charged the Royal Family with racism in the infamous Oprah Winfrey interview, he largely ignored the subject in his book, a point on which Bradby challenged him. That led Harry, in unconvincing tones, to deny that he and Meghan had made such an accusation. To Oprah, he had also moaned about the lack of mental health support from the Palace for Meghan when she claimed to be in acute distress, yet he admits now thathe himself was seeing a therapist at the time, to whom he turned after his altercation with his brother. Mind you, Harry is no advertisement for the benefits of therapy. On the contrary, the more he focuses on his mental health, the more neurotic he seems. “You’ve become brainwashed by therapy,” his brother tells him, and those words ring true. Endlessly talking about the minutiae of his life has turned Harry into a monomaniac, unable to escape the past and trapped in grief for his lost mother. To be fair, the most moving passages in the Bradby interview came early on, when he described the trauma of Princess Diana’s death. But his self-enfoldment, accentuated by his feelings of jealous rage at William, made him uniquely vulnerable to the manipulative attentions of Meghan, who has used him as a tool in her quest for fame and riches. It now seems unlikely that she was ever interested in becoming a dutiful servant of the Crown. Rather she wanted to use her new Royal status to reach the kind of stardom she could never attain through her mediocre acting skills. And the fastest route to such stardom was by creating an international sensation through accusations of neglect and bigotry against the Crown. By playing on both Harry’s instinctive anger as “the Spare” and his guilt about privilege, she made him an accomplice in her mission. As she resides in her Los Angeles mansion with its 17 bathrooms, she may feel she has succeeded in her campaign. But her husband is paying a terrible price. The Royal Family will come through this crisis, partly by showing the very stoicism that he has abandoned. They have been through worse before, such as the Abdication crisis of 1936. But Harry will forever be tarnished by this revealing but fractious book.