Cristiano Ronaldo has been up to his old tricks again, heading into the dressing room early during Al-Nassr’s match against Al Taee. His side cruised to a 2-0 victory on the night, though Ronaldo was nowhere to be seen in the second half. Ronaldo watched on from the VIP box at the King Saud University Stadium on a wet and windy day in Riyadh, being pictured alongside new agent Ricardo Regufe. However, the 37-year-old only watched the opening 45 minutes of his side’s victory from the stands. Ronaldo appeared to have left the match early but was latter filmed watching the second half in the dressing room. The former Manchester United star has gained a reputation over the past 12 months for leaving matches or heading into the dressing room early when he is not on the pitch, and a move to the Middle East does not appear to have broken that trend. Ronaldo came under fire in pre-season at United after he, with several team-mates, left Old Trafford before the full-time whistle had sounded against Rayo Vallecano. Erik ten Hag was quick to criticise the action and it was speculated that the matter was dealt with behind closed doors. Though the former Real Madrid star did not appear to learn his lesson as he left before full-time when United faced Tottenham in the Premier League. The prompt exit saw him suspended by the club. Ronaldo admitted that he did regret leaving the stadium in his blockbuster interview with Piers Morgan, explaining: “Piers I will be honest with you, it’s something that I regret, to leave the stadium. Probably, or maybe no, I don’t know. It’s difficult to tell you 100 per cent but let’s say I regret it, but in the same way I felt provoked by the coach. Not allowed for me, a coach to put me in three minutes in a game. “Sorry, I’m not that kind of player. I know what I can give to the teams.” Ronaldo was however filmed celebrating his side's and Talisca's second goal as he watched the action on a big screen while working out on a training bike in the dressing room. His side moved four points clear at the top of the Saudi Pro League thanks to the victory, with Brazilian forward Talisca scoring either side of the half-time break. Ronaldo was unable to feature against Al Taee because he is serving a two-match suspension after he smashed a phone out of the hand of a young Everton fan last year, prompting the FA to take action.