Everton defender Yerry Mina fronted up to fans outside Goodison Park after his side’s 2-1 defeat to Southampton in the Premier League. The result meant the Toffees fell into the relegation zone with supporters staging a ‘sit in’ protest after the final whistle, voicing their concerns about how the club is being run. The atmosphere at Goodison has become fervourous in recent weeks amid an alarming run of form which has seen the club take just one point from their last six games. As a result, the Merseysiders now sit 19th in the division with relegation a serious possibility. Fans have made clear who they believe is to blame for the current mess the club are in, pointing their fingers firmly at the board. Protests now regularly take place at games, the biggest being the ‘sit in’ organised by a collection of fan groups as part of the ‘All Together Now’ campaign with a few thousand taking part. The board of directors were even told to stay away from the Southampton match ahead of kick off due to 'real and credible threats to their safety'. Some turned their ire on to the players after they left Goodison, stopping their cars in the street with Mina, who was an unused substitute against Southampton, getting out to speak to supporters who had blocked him in. He held a longer conversation with one particularly passionate fan. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE "You're going to leave us if we go down aren't ya, if we go the Championship, you'll leave won't ya?” they said. “You'll leave. If we go down to the Championship, will you stay? No you won't. If we go down, will you stay? I want you to show heart lad.” Mina's reply was not picked up by the camera but he appeared to point to the Everton badge, gaining some support from the fan. "Show us a bit of heart then,” they continued. “Be a leader. Speak out. All we want is passion. Show us a bit of passion. Start speaking up lad, show them you're the man. Be our captain lad, you could be our captain if you speak up. Wear the armband. Speak up." After this, a policeman came along to assess the situation with Mina shaking the hands of some of those in attendance before returning to his car to applause. DON'T MISSManchester United boss Ten Hag may have pulled off transfer masterstrokeMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in privateMan Utd have signed another Nani as chiefs come to transfer realisation Mina was not the only player to be stopped on his way home from the ground either. Anthony Gordon was involved in a more tense encounter with one fan shouting expletives at him before others told him to ‘get out of our club’ and ‘you are not fit to wear the shirt'. Fans also surrounded striker Ellis Simms’ car, questioning him about the situation at the club. The 22-year-old has only just recently returned from a loan spell with Sunderland this month but has seen match time from the bench for Everton since his return. The situation at Everton continues to be perilous but fans will be desperately hoping for a change on the field in the coming weeks with their next match a relegation six-pointer away to West Ham on Saturday.