If anyone said prior to Week 18 in the NFL that the game between the Houston Texans and Indianapolis Colts would be one of thr standout clashes, they would have been laughed at. But the Texans battled back to beat the Colts 32-31, surrendering their no.1 draft pick to the Cleveland Browns in the process. NFL fans are trying to get their heads around what has happened ahead of the 2023 draft. The Texans and the Bears went into the final week both with a shot at getting the no.1 draft pick, although the Texans were ahead in the running. A loss would have simply seen them get the no.1 pick, but they were desperate not to claim it. With the Bears playing the Steelers who needed to win, it was expected that they would pick up a loss. But it may feel like a win on Sunday, as the Texans fought back to win against the Colts. A late drive saw the Texans take the lead against the Colts, and they even went for a two-point conversion to avoid overtime. They were successful, and now the Bears have been handed the main pick. "Houston Texans, what are you doing?! The one time you had to lose, you win?? AND just cost yourself the no.1 pick in the process. The Texans can’t even lose right! SMH," one furious Texans fan tweeted. But fans of other teams can't stop laughing, and Bears fans must think they've won the lottery. "THANK YOU FROM THE BEARS," one delighted and shocked Bears fan posted on social media. "Their coach probably finds this hilarious he’s getting fired anyway," another suggested. "Well, they finally won, but I'm really not sure why they picked to do so this week," another added. One fan mocked the organisation, as they tweeted: "Wow, the Texans suck even when they win." But one supporter was level headed, as they added: "I respect them playing out the season. They'll still get their guy at #2." All eyes were going to be on the NFL draft anyway, but fans will be watching closely to see if the gamble pays off for the Texans. It's been a crazy regular season, and was perhaps fitting it ended in such a way.