Cristiano Ronaldo has been urged to ‘rediscover the pleasure’ of playing football again by Al-Nassr head coach Rudi Garcia. The striker is still waiting to make his debut for the Saudi Arabian club having joined them in a mega-money deal following his Manchester United exit. It is unclear exactly why Ronaldo has yet to step onto the pitch for Al-Nassr, although there could be two explanations. The first is that he was handed a two-match ban while still a United player for slapping the phone out of a child’s hand. Al-Nassr also struggled to register him as they can only list eight foreign players. But when the 37-year-old does finally play for his new club, he has been told to rekindle the pleasure of playing football once more by his new boss. Ronaldo had partially lost his love for the game in the final few months of his ill-fated second spell at Old Trafford. "The only thing I wish for Ronaldo is that he rediscovers the pleasure of playing and smiles again because in recent months between Manchester United, the national team and then at a personal level he hasn't had easy moments," former Roma and Marseille head coach Garcia told journalists. JUST IN: Man Utd rule out two striker signings as main Ten Hag aim emerges "If he finds the pleasure of playing again, that will already be a goal achieved.” Ronaldo penned a reported £176million per-week contract with Al-Nassr until 2025. Some claims have suggested that a separate five year-deal could be activated for the Real Madrid icon to become a club ambassador, with Saudi Arabia also bidding to host the 2030 World Cup. He told reporters at his glitzy unveiling - at which 25,000 fans turned up - that his work in Europe is ‘done’. The five-times Ballon d’Or winner lifted five Champions League, three Premier Leagues, two La Ligas and two Serie As. “My work in Europe is done. I played at the best clubs in the world… and I won everything,” he said last week. “I’m happy, proud to join Al Nassr. People don’t know about the level here. This contract is unique because I am a unique player. It's normal for me." DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag willing to risk dressing room disasterMan Utd introduce 'Ronaldo rule' which could lead to Rashford quittingInside Cristiano Ronaldo's luxury first Saudi home Ronaldo watched on from the stands as his new club defeated Al-Ta’ee 1-0 last Friday. It is likely that he is serving the two-match suspension imposed on him by an FA commission following a misconduct charge linked to him slapping the phone out of the hand of a young Everton fan in April last year. The FA regulatory committee report said: “Should he leave MUFC before it completes two first team competitive matches, the balance of the suspension will apply to any new club he should join.” Ronaldo could therefore also sit out of the Saudi Pro League clash with Al-Shabab on January 14. He is in line to make his debut against Ettifaq on January 22.