Anyone wanting to buy a new Samsung TV might want to head to Amazon's online store. The retailer has launched a swathe of deals with some screens slashed in price by as much as 36 percent. That cost-cutting means telly addicts can take delivery of a 32-inch QLED display for just £261.75 - that's almost £100 less than buying the same television at John Lewis. If that sounds a bit small for your nightly binge watch then there are plenty of other deals including money off 55, 65 and 75-inch 4K models. All of the Samsung TVs in Amazon's sale event include smart features with full access to all of the most popular streaming apps such as Netflix, Prime Video and Apple TV+. They also get stunning HDR technology which helps boost the picture quality and contrast. We've got full details below, just be warned that Amazon appears to be selling these TVs fast so don't hang around if you fancy buying one. Samsung 32-inch Q50ANOW £261.75 - WAS £399INCLUDES: 32-inch QLED 4K HDR display, Alexa built-in and Object Sound Tracking with the sound following the action on the screen.SEE THE DEAL HERE Samsung 55-inch AU7110NOW £449 - WAS £549INCLUDES: 55-inch QLED 4K HDR display with HDR10+ technology. Alexa built-in and Adaptive Sound which adjusts to your living space.SEE THE DEAL HERE READ MORE: Own one of these Samsung TVs? You can now watch premium content and movies for free Samsung 65-inch AU7110NOW £261.75 - WAS £399INCLUDES: 65-inch QLED 4K HDR display with HDR10+ technology. Full access to smart apps such as Netflix. Alexa comes built-in and Adaptive Sound which adjusts to your living space.SEE THE DEAL HERE Samsung 75-inch Q75BNOW £1,599 - WAS £1,799INCLUDES: 75-inch QLED Quantum 4K display. Full access to smart apps such as Prime Video. Alexa also comes built-in and AI Sound which adjusts to your living space. Innovative backlighting technology delivers bolder and more accurate contrast.SEE THE DEAL HERE These are good deals but there is one word of warning. Samsung has just announced the launch of its next generation of TVs which will arrive in stores later this year and promise an improved image thanks to clever AI 8K upscaling. That means everything you watch should appear sharper and more pixel-packed. Another feature of these screens is something called Auto HDR Remastering which uses deep learning technology to analyse and apply real-time High Dynamic Range (HDR) effects on Standard Dynamic Range (SDR) content. Expect these TVs to launch in the spring “In 2023, we are pushing boundaries of innovation to offer consumers more than just premium picture quality, but a holistic, premium device experience tailored to what they need and want out of their connected home,” said Cheolgi Kim, EVP of Visual Display Business at Samsung Electronics. “With SmartThings, our advanced technology is seamless and intuitive, which can make life more accessible and enjoyable everyday.”