America’s Got Talent made its highly anticipated return to NBC with a new All-Star spin-off, which saw Britain's Got Talent star, Tom Ball make a comeback to the stage. After a standing ovation, Tom received the coveted golden buzzer.   Earlier this month, Simon Cowell, Howie Mandel, Heidi Klum and Terry Crews reappeared on screens of an all-new edition of America’s Got Talent. America’s Got Talent: All Stars welcomed back previous finalists, winners and fan favourites of the franchise to face the judges again for an opportunity to win $500,000. Monday’s episode saw the 24-year-old teacher Tom nervously approach the stage after sharing his desire to win the show. In 2022, Tom reached the final of the British spin-off but was knocked out of the competition after comedian Axel Blake was announced as the winner. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Kim Tate's marriage on the rocks after her betraying Will   Speaking to producers, Tom stated: “Being here is my second chance, I want to win this.” As he took centre stage, Tom softly sang his rendition of Simon and Garfunkel's song The Sound of Silence. However, as he continued, he lifted his voice and belted the remained of the song. As the performance came to a confident close, Tom received roars of praise and standing ovations from both the audience and judges.   While Tom watched in amazement, Terry watched from the side as he remarked: “This place is on its feet.” As he gave feedback, Simon confessed: “Tom, I’m actually angry about something. “I wish this was the first time I’d ever heard Tom, in a weird way,” he added, “You’re like Susan Boyle’s grandson.” As Tom laughed, Simon continued: “What you do is not what we expect, for me, this is the best performance I’ve seen all series” DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise double exit as fans 'work out' how Neville leaves [INSIGHT]Simon Cowell 'regrets' hiring Bruno Tonioli after 'rule break' [INSIGHT]Simon Cowell's AGT act Mike E Winfield wants ‘audiences to be wild' [INSIGHT] Howie noted: “You do it so right, you’re really amazing.” Heidi agreed: “It was outstanding, it was larger than life, you can hit all the notes you have the pipes for it, I thought it was amazing.” The audience began to chant ‘golden buzzer’ which made Terry appear from the side and rush down to the judges' panel. As Simon announced: “Something’s happening,” Terry high-fived the judges while Simon provided the countdown. Together, Howie, Heidi, Simon and Terry pressed the golden buzzer which sparked an explosion of confetti on stage. Tom was overcome with emotion as he thanked the judges, who all took the stage to congratulate the singer. As he will automatically be placed in the final, the 24-year-old called his fiance, Hannah to share the exciting news, who then squealed with pride.  America’s Got Talent: All Stars continues Mondays on NBC in the US. 