Whilst this allegation is at least new, following many months of recycled, petty squabbles in the Duke and Duchess’ ongoing media blitz, it is hardly earth-shattering stuff. According to the leaked extract from Harry‘s forthcoming book, William confronted him privately at Nottingham Cottage, where he was living at the time in, back in 2019. Harry is reported to have said William was repeating the media’s version of events, criticising Meghan for being difficult and abrasive. Unlike the tabloids though, William had full knowledge of what was going on behind the scenes and how Meghan might be perceived by Royal staff, some of whom he shared with the Sussexes. Rather than repeating the media’s version of events, you could say he was in fact corroborating it. The squabble recounted in Harry’s book reminds me of that time, when Kim and Kourtney came to blows in the Kardashians over Kourtney’s work ethic; Harry and Meghan’s continued allegations against the royal family and airing of their dirty laundry in public is increasingly turning the whole thing into a cheap reality show. It’s like the Real Housewives of Kensington Palace. Sibling rivalry is nothing new, nor is it exclusive to members of the privileged royal family. Harry seems to be counting on garnering sympathy from the public for his angst over not becoming king one day. Certainly most of us can identify with that predicament: none of us will ever become the monarch either... But that is hardly the biggest hardship to have to shoulder in life. Within the hereditary monarchy, there can be plenty of satisfying and fulfilling roles for those who aren’t going to be the Monarch. There is no cure to being second born. Any psychotherapist will tell you that birth order can massively influence one’s personality. That seems to apply in the Royal family as much as for the rest of us. But if judicious and sensitive psychotherapy might help with feelings of resentment over not being first-born, constant public attacks on family members and massive commercial deals based on private family squabbles will not. Prince Harry has said he wants his brother and father back, but whingeing about them on television, and in his book, seems a strange way to go about it. If private attempts to make peace were really unsuccessful, as he claims, why go on to attack them publicly and perpetuate the pain and alienation he professes to be experiencing? Dealing with internal family strife is difficult for anyone, but if one feels there is no hope left, surely it’s better to draw a line under everything and start afresh. That might be what Megan and Harry claim to be doing, but their entire business model so far, is based on raking over old fights and reopening old wounds, all as some sort of performative pity party designed to bring in vast sums of money. There will always be a public hunger for more Royal gossip, but that doesn’t make it a good idea to constantly feed it. Those who have complained about the intrusive nature of the public’s interest in the Royal Family would do better if they kept a dignified silence and instead got on with living a life of meaning and calm. Nothing about attacking the future king in a massively anticipated book written in return for millions of pounds suggests a desire to calm things down. According to the reports, Prince Harry also says his brother told him to wear that infamous Nazi uniform, complete with swastika armband, to a party. Having claimed in his Netflix reality show that this was a low point in his life, Harry seems now to be undermining that sense of remorse, instead choosing to blame someone else for his actions. Regardless of whose idea the costume was, it was clearly deeply offensive and stupid. We all need to take responsibility for our own actions, especially when they are as foolish, insensitive and damaging as that incident was. Many have noticed a change in Harry's personality. Where he was once seen as a fun-loving, irreverent member of the firm, he is now more commonly found bearing his soul in public in return for money. Some have suggested that Meghan is behind the shift, casting her as a sort of ambitious Lady Macbeth, but with less depth and even more ambition — more Dan Brown than William Shakespeare. The whole affair will only cause more problems for the Royal family, and in particular for our new king. Harry admits in the book King Charles spoke to his sons after the Duke of Edinburgh‘s funeral, asking them not to make his final years any harder. It doesn’t seem the message really got through to Prince Harry. If the couple had claimed their Netflix series was a retelling of their “love story”, the book seems to leave no room for doubt: this is an all out attack on the royal family. In this ongoing Royal soap opera it’s hard to guess what plot twist will come next. One thing seems sure, though: Harry and Meghan will continue their attacks on the Royal family, and the press and public will keep buying what they have to sell.