Matteo Berrettini’s career is not one that stops on the tennis court, with the Italian also a model for major fashion brand Hugo Boss. Alongside his endeavours with a racket in hand, the Italian star joined forces with Boss in 2022, and has played an important role since. Berretini’s link up with the iconic German fashion label was confirmed 11 months ago, and since then he has worked alongside some huge names including Anthony Joshua and Kendall Jenner. The Italian is not the first sports star to sign a fashion deal, and will not be the last. However, whilst most big name athletes' fashion efforts usually stop at modelling, Berretini’s role goes much further. Speaking at Queens last summer the 26-year-old confirmed that as well as modelling and sporting Boss clothing, he has also taken on the role of co-designer. The Italian said: “The partnership started this year.  Obviously, we started talking with Boss at the end of last year. They liked me. They liked the way I was playing. They liked the stuff that I was saying after my matches. I guess they liked the look. “I don't know.  I really liked them from the first meeting. They have been treating me really well. They are really excited about creating collections together. Like, I'm co-designer of all the outfits and stuff. It's really something that would never happen.” JUST IN: Novak Djokovic responds to 'angry' Australians making him a 'villain' ahead of Aus Open  Berretini’s comfort zone is of course out on the tennis court, and the Italian was quickly pushed out of this when jumping in front of a camera as a model. Describing just how much work it takes, he added: “I remember the first shooting that I did was 12 hours and I never did anything like that in my life. I felt like I was comfortable but there were 100 people working for this shoot and I was a little bit overwhelmed. "I was like, ‘I don't know what to do here.’” A year on though, Berretini feels much more at home in his new venture. “Then my family was there. My agent was there.They helped me. Also, the team helped me. They made me feel really good about it,” he added. DON'T MISSTennis star rejected by Aussie Open played despite Covid claimRaducanu 'looking better' as Brit still a doubt for Australian OpenSerena Williams baptised as Jehovah's Witness months after retirement "Then things, like I just felt that I look at that stuff in a way that gives me energy because I have the chance to meet and connect with people that I wouldn't have the chance if I was just a tennis player. But I always said the first thought that I have in my mind when I wake up, it's I'm playing tennis, I'm a tennis player and sometimes I have fun doing that. "They are saying that I'm pretty good at it so they are happy about it and I have fun. So yes. It's different. When I saw the first billboard I was like wow.  This is going to be different but it feels nice. It feels nice because I feel I work hard for that."