Novak Djokovic has been filmed sharing an emotional embrace with his father, Srdjan Djokovic, who opted against taking his seat in the stands to watch his son win the Australian Open for the 10th time. Djokovic's dad was embroiled in a political row this week after being filmed posing for pictures alongside a group of people donning pro-Vladimir Putin t-shirts and flags. The furore led to Srdjan deciding not to attend his son's semi-final match against Tommy Paul to avoid taking the limelight away from the Serbian tennis icon. Tournament director Craig Tiley insisted Srdjan was not banned from returning to his usual seat alongside his wife for the Australian Open final. "It's his decision," he said. "We're going to let it be his decision and ultimately he's got to make the call. "He didn't breach any event policy. That's really important because what's been written about what he (allegedly) said hasn't been correct and I think people are back-tracking from that." But Srdjan was nowhere to be seen with his seat remaining empty for the entirety of the final with Djokovic beating Tsitsipas in straight sets. The 35-year-old was a picture of emotions as he celebrated with his team and family, collapsing to the floor in tears at one point.  Watch every match from Roland-Garros, 28 May - June 11, LIVE and exclusive on discovery+ and Eurosport After doing the rounds with TV interviews, Djokovic began making his way to the press conference room. But cameras were still rolling inside Rod Laver Arena and caught Djokovic seeing his dad for the first time after his win. Djokovic first shared a warm embrace with his mother before kissing and hugging his father. The family then all posed for pictures in the corridor as Djokovic held the Australian Open trophy. And they were filmed holding a long conversation before Djokovic spotted Australian tennis icon Rod Laver as the pair shared some nice words.  Djokovic addressed the importance his team have had on him, particularly over the past few weeks, after winning the title. "I know you guys are tolerating sometimes the worst side of my character on and off the court and I appreciate the patience, love and support you guys are giving me," he said. "Why are you laughing Goran [laughs]. "I don't know if you will ever forgive me all these years what I've done to you guys, but I have to repeat it over and over again this trophy is yours as much as it is mine." 