In recent months it was announced that James Gunn - who is best known for directing Marvel's cosmic film franchise Guardians of the Galaxy - had become the Creative Head at DC Studios. Since then, he has been slowly announcing major changes to the franchise, including ending Henry Cavill's tenure as Superman. However, Dave Bautista has ruled out ever appearing in the DC Comics movies. Bautista has been making waves in Hollywood over the past few years. His new movie, Knock at the Cabin, just hit cinemas and has him working with incredible director M Night Shyamalan. Before that, he teamed up with superhero movie legend Zack Snyder in Army of the Dead. But Bautista has now confirmed he is not going to help Gunn in his new DC Studios venture. He said: "I have had conversations with James about that, but I think the direction he's leaning in, completely rebooting that whole universe, he's starting from scratch and starting younger and fresher and I think you need to do that." Bautista confirmed that, despite the fact he'll likely be passed over for a role in the new-and-improved DC Universe, he "appreciates" what Gunn is doing with the franchise. Bautista went on: "I have to say that I appreciate that because I don't want to play a character that I can't bring justice to it." Previously, the 54-year-old actor reportedly held meetings with DC Comics in an effort to secure the role of Bane, one of the best-known nemeses of Batman. However, Bautista confessed he "does not think he can bring justice to Bane anymore". He said: "I just don't know if I could handle the physical part, and I don't think I would have the longevity to plan ahead for films. So, I just don't know if I'd be that guy." DON'T MISS...Dwayne Johnson delivers embarrassing Black Adam 2 news in reshuffle [NEWS]Henry Cavill fans devastated as Superman star fired by DC [INFO]Henry Cavill Superman future finally addressed by DC boss James Gunn [INSIGHT] The future of the DC Universe is a complete mystery at the moment. So far during Gunn's tenure as the franchise's creative head, he brought an end to Cavill's Superman, Ben Affleck's Batman, Gal Gadot's third Wonder Woman movie, and The Rock's second Black Adam arrival. Sources from Variety have previously claimed Gunn's work in DC Studios will be a "broad but not blanket reset" to the franchises currently in motion. As of right now, this leaves the fate of The Flash movie a complete mystery. Ezra Miller's speedster movie is due to hit cinemas later this year, and fans already know it is going to adapt the iconic story of Flashpoint - the multiversal mystery story surrounding The Flash trying to change his past and subsequently destroying everyone's future. The movie's trailer has already confirmed the return of Michael Keaton's version of Batman, as well as a Supergirl appearance and the comebacks of both Wonder Woman and Aquaman. However, with Miller's recent arrest, the future of his character is also up in the air. SOURCE