Liverpool have paid the price this season for a lack of reinforcements in their midfield, though Chelsea star Mason Mount is reportedly not the priority acquisition to right those previous wrongs. Instead, Jurgen Klopp is expected to push for his side to continue pursuing Jude Bellingham, with the playmaker set to leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. The Reds are currently eighth in the Premier League and will need to improve markedly if they are to finish in the top four. Finishing in the Champions League places would have been seen as a minimum requirement at Anfield ahead of the start of the season, though poor form, sub-par individual displays and injury woes have proven costly. Klopp has been short of quality in the centre of the park in particular, being forced to call upon young options such as Fabio Carvalho and Stefan Bajcetic more often than he will have expected. The German boss has admitted that Liverpool will need to right the wrongs of their lack of midfield signings previously, with Bellingham and Wolves star Matheus Nunes being linked with a move to Merseyside. Mount has also emerged as a target, with his stalling contract talks with Chelsea catching the attention of several top sides. Liverpool are amongst those interested, though Fabrizio Romano has revealed that the England international is not a priority. He told Caught Offside: “On Mason Mount rumours – at the moment, I’m told that Liverpool’s top priority remains Jude Bellingham and they also follow Matheus Nunes. “Let’s see what’s going to happen with Mount, at the moment his new contract situation has to be clarified as talks with Chelsea have been ongoing for months.” Mount is one of Chelsea’s lowest-paid players at present and is keen to negotiate a contract with his boyhood side that reflects his importance at the club. The 24-year-old’s current contract expires in 2025, meaning that if a new deal is not agreed upon then the summer transfer window is the last true chance for Chelsea to receive an apt fee for his services. However, Nunes appears to be more of a significant target after his debut campaign with Wolves. Nunes was linked with a move to Liverpool over the summer whilst he was with Sporting, though stood to the side after their Premier League rivals entered talks to secure his signature. Reports have circulated that Liverpool had agreed to pursue Nunes after he had a season of Premier League football under his belt, with that looking like it could come to light when the summer transfer window arrives.