Eight dogs are still being held by police after the death of a 28-year-old woman following reports of an attack at a Surrey beauty spot. The woman, who has not yet been formally identified, is thought to have been walking a number of dogs last Thursday when she was set upon at Gravelly Hill, Caterham.  Paramedics were unable to save her and she was pronounced dead at the scene. In an update on Tuesday, Surrey Police said both a forensic pathologist and a veterinary pathologist have been drafted in to determine what happened. The force said it was continuing to investigate, but that this means "inquiries will take some time to complete". Eight dogs were detained at the scene last week and remained in police custody as of Tuesday, it added.    Detectives are keeping their owners up to date with the investigation. Detective Inspector Josephine Horner, the senior investigating officer, said: "Inquiries into the circumstances surrounding this young woman's sad death continue and we will provide further updates when possible. "We know this incident has caused real concern in the local community and neighbourhood officers have been out in the area speaking to local residents over the past few days. "We continue to ask people not to speculate on the circumstances whilst inquiries are under way." READ ABOUT A REAL LIFE CHAMBER OF SECRETS    The family of the woman, who was from London, said: "This is an extremely difficult time for us and as well as dealing with this sudden loss in our family, the significant level of media interest and the graphic nature of some of the reporting, has been a source of additional distress. "We continue to appeal for our privacy to be respected during our time of grief." Richard Bream, who runs the nearby Mardens Kennels, said in the immediate aftermath of the incident that he had never heard of a dog attack in the area before. He said: "That particular area, View Point, is an area where professional dog walkers will turn up in their van and take the dogs out and walk them."  DON'T MISS: Double-decker bus filled with passengers crashes and flips over [REPORT] New York City Mayor blasts immigration response as a 'national crisis' [LATEST] Iranian regime uses Prince Harry to take outrageous swipe at UK [REVEALED] He added: "I've always felt you see some of these dog walkers have five or six, and they shouldn't be able to do that." A woman walking a border collie past one of the police cordons, who asked not to be named, said last week she was shocked by the incident. She said: "It's a nice circular woodland walk and we've never had any issues before. It is so shocking, normal dogs surely wouldn't do that." A man near the scene, who asked not to be named, said the beauty spot was very popular with dog walkers, adding: "The dogs dispersed into different areas of the woods and the police helicopter was out looking for them."   Det Insp Horner urged members of the public who have not spoken to officers already to come forward in a statement made on Friday (January 13). She said: "I know this incident has caused real concerns locally and officers from the local neighbourhood team will be out in the area to provide reassurance for residents. "The investigation to establish the circumstances around this incident continue and I urge anyone with information who has not yet spoken to police to contact us." A post-mortem examination was due to be carried out by the Surrey coroner as part of an inquest into the woman's death. 