Ever wondered what it'd be like to rub shoulders with the mega rich and ultra famous? Well, if you can cobble together $7.5 million, you might just be able to get on the waiting list for the world's most exclusive ski resort where the likes of Mark Zuckerberg and Bill Gates hit the slopes with Hollywood A-listers and supermodels. The 15,000 acre Yellowstone Club is hidden deep in the Rocky Mountains in Montana and is even believed to be the spot where newlyweds Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck rekindled their relationship.  But before you think of booking a flight, it’s so exclusive that it has just 864 private members and most celebrities can’t even get in, according to insiders. The Yellowstone Club is so exclusive it is only accessible by a direct shuttle flight, and the fee for entry is only payable by those with the deepest pockets. Just to be in with a chance of becoming a member you have to own a property at the sanctuary - which will set you back at least $7 million (£5.8 million) for the smallest one-bedroom house. You will also have to fork out $300,000 (£250,000) for a deposit and $41,500 (£34,577) a year in membership fees. Although, one member said the fees have recently gone up to $400,000 for joining and around $60,000 annually. “It’s the most beautiful, amazing place in the entire world,” one insider told The San Francisco Standard. “No lift lines, they don’t let you carry your own skis, and you can get first tracks on a weekday in the afternoon because there’s so few people on the mountain. You’re at the gym next to Gisele [Bündchen]. It’s truly unbelievable.”   Benefits for its tiny group of elite members - which also include billionaire investor Warren Buffet and American football legend Tom Brady - include not needing to worry about remembering ski passes, queuing for lifts or carrying your own skis. Even the snow is special, carrying its very own trademark - Private Powder™. “If you are seen carrying your skis, somebody runs up to you, grabs them for you, carries them for you and puts them in the snow for you,” the insider revealed on the condition of anonymity. The Warren Miller Lodge - named after the late filmmaker and Yellowstone Club member - functions as somewhat of an epicentre for the resort's affluent guests. It boasts beautifully decorated dining and lounge areas, a well-equipped spa and fitness centre, as well as board rooms for the club's business mogul members to conduct their dealings. And then there are comfort zones, also known as sugar shacks, dotted throughout the mountain offering free food, each stuffed full of candy, with its own hot food specialities, including chilli, nachos, ramen or hot chocolate. READ MORE: Bruce Willis' wife recalls moment she 'fell head over heels' for actor Guests and members can also enjoy the delicious gourmet food on offer from a choice of 16 different on-site eateries serving an eclectic array of tasty cuisines, according to its website. Express.co.uk contacted Yellowstone to ask them about what it is like inside the most elite private club in America but in keeping with their off-limits reputation nobody answered our enquiries. However, one insider said the membership is “more business leaders than celebrities”, describing it as “just too expensive" for anyone outside the top echelons of society. Its famous members include Bill and Melinda Gates, Justin Timberlake and Hollywood star, Ben Affleck, among a whole roster of the world's most wealthy.    The exorbitant membership fees give members access to a golf course, more than 2,700 skiable acres, lodges, a golf clubhouse, pool and events centre. The club also offers a variety of events including barbecues, archery events and performances from the likes of Sting. The impressive ski resort is one hour from the city of Bozeman, Montana.Promotional materials say: “Yellowstone Club is approximately one hour from Bozeman, Montana, giving members and their guests access from major metropolitan areas throughout the country by way of commercial airline or private jet service.” The exclusive resort was first founded by real estate developer Tim Blixseth in the late 1990s, but in 2008 the club spiralled into bankruptcy. But club members and investors were determined to not let the resort close down and in 2009 it was bought by CrossHarbor Capital Partners for $115 million – whose managing partner, Sam Byrne, is a Yellowstone member. "It’s going to take time to win back the trust of members and the community and re-establish the brand. We’re confident that the place has a bright future", he said at the time of the sale.  