Legendary rock band The Who are going on tour in the UK once again this year, but they've upped their game. The incredible Won't Get Fooled Again singers are bringing along a full orchestra across a nine-day tour. They'll be hitting some of the biggest venues in the country, including London's O2 and Edinburgh Castle. Presale tickets will hit the internet this week - but act fast as they're sure to sell out fast. The Who's presale tickets go on sale tomorrow, Wednesday, February 1, 2023, at 10am. This is an artist presale event that is only granted access to members of The Who Fan Club. Fan Club members will receive a presale code by 8am on the day of the ticket release, so fans should keep an eye on their inboxes. Buy The Who presale tickets here. After that, general onsale tickets will be going on sale. General onsale tickets go on sale Friday, February 3, 2023, at 10am. Buy your general onsale tickets for The Who here. Scroll down for a full list of The Who's tour dates and locations. The Who will be hitting some of the biggest cities in the country, including London, Edinburgh, Bristol and Hull. The tour kicks off on July 6, 2023, and runs through to the end of the month, July 23, 2023. They'll be joined by UB40 on the tour featuring Ali Campbell, as well. This tour news arrives alongside the announcement of the band's newest album: The Who with Orchestra Live At Wembley. This new project will hit store shelves on March 31, 2023, and will be available in limited edition coloured vinyl as well as regular black LPs. This tour will be the first time The Who has played Edinburgh in over 40 years. Singer Roger Daltrey said: "Having not toured the UK for six years, it's great that at this time of our careers we have the chance to go to places that are not on the usual touring map Edinburgh Castle and Derby, as well as the other cities across the country that we haven’t been to for decades, will make this very special for me. This opportunity will give our UK Who fans the chance to hear our current show, which, with the addition of an orchestra, takes our music to new heights." Pete Townshend added: "Roger initially christened this tour with an orchestra ‘Moving On!’ I love it. It is what both of us want to do. Move on, with new music, classic Who music, all performed in new and exciting ways. Taking risks, nothing to lose. I’m really looking forward to bringing this show to the UK." Buy The Who tickets here.