Prince Harry appeared to physically recoil as he hit back at ITV's Tom Bradby after he was accused of being “scathing” towards his stepmother Queen Consort Camilla. During the interview, the 38-year-old also discussed the death of his mother Princess Diana and his relationship with his brother Prince William.  But the Duke of Sussex became defensive when Bradby turned attention to King Charles III’s second wife. Bradby said: “I want to sort of just briefly talk about your stepmother and the press because you are pretty consistently scathing and suggest that you are…” Prince Harry interrupted: “Scathing? What, scathing towards…?” Bradby continued: “As in you say that, ‘your interests were sacrificed on her PR altar’, to quote, and you seem to be specifically referencing that. “Now her people might say, well, it’s not a crime to go to lunch with journalists." The Duke rebutted: “Well, I think in the book it is very clear what happened.” JUST IN: Harry's bombshell book and interviews set to overshadow Kate's big day A prominent commentator appeared to side with the father-of-two. Writing on Twitter, Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu said: "I'm going to call it. "Camilla is a wicked stepmother. The worst kind with smiles while stabbing you in the front and back. "Prince Harry's unsparing account isn't scathing, he's too king in my summation."    Later in the interview, the Duke of Sussex alleged that he and his brother Prince William urged Charles not to marry Camilla Parker-Bowles. He claimed the pair told the now King: "Please don't narry her, just be together." Harry added: "William and I wanted our father to be happy and he seemed to be very, very happy with her. "We asked him not to get married. He chose to and that's his decision. "But the two of them were and remain very happy together." DON'T MISS: Dan Wootton slams Prince Harry ‘interview’ claiming royal ‘chose BFF' [REVEAL]Duke set for explosive 60 Minutes with Anderson Cooper [INSIGHT]Harry claims William argued about wedding beard for A WEEK [SPOTLIGHT]  The Duke of Sussex went on to claim that he is now genuinely at peace with their marriage. Charles and Camilla tied the knot at St George's Chapel in Windsor in April 2005. Express.co.uk has approached Buckingham Palace for comment.