Brighton head coach Roberto De Zerbi has implied that wantaway midfielder Moises Caicedo has made a ‘mistake’ in demanding a transfer to Arsenal or Chelsea. The Ecuador international broke rank on Friday evening when he released a statement on social media urging the Seagulls to accept a club-record bid from the Gunners. A £60million bid from Arsenal for Caicedo was rejected by Brighton on Thursday. It would have made the 21-year-old Brighton's most expensive sale of all time. Brighton are adamant that their prized asset will not be sold in the January transfer window and want at least £80m to even think about doing any business. That is despite Arsenal considering making another offer for the player before Tuesday's deadline. Head coach De Zerbi has now suggested that Caicedo made a 'mistake' in demanding to leave the club. Express Sport understands that Brighton are unhappy with the advice given to the youngster. JUST IN: Nathan Ake explains how Man City stars reacted to Pep Guardiola's rant Ahead of Brighton's FA Cup clash with Liverpool, De Zerbi told ITV: “Moises is a good guy. We will see tomorrow and in the next days, what happens. "We hope he stays with us for the rest of the season, but this is a question for the club and Moises. Moises is a good guy. In life you can make mistakes. We will see the best solution for the club, for him and for us." Caicedo has been left out of Brighton's team for their cup tie with Liverpool. He has been asked to stay away from the club until February 1, by which time the transfer window will have closed the previous evening. In a bombshell statement on Friday evening, Caicedo said: "I am grateful to [Brighton owner] Mr. Bloom and Brighton for giving me the chance to come to the Premier League and I feel I have always done my best for them. I always play football with a smile and with heart. DON'T MISS...Transfer news LIVE - Tottenham chase two deals, Newcastle agree feeLiverpool could have signed Caicedo for £85m less than Arsenal may payChelsea have four players they could use in Moises Caicedo swap deal I am the youngest of 10 siblings from a poor upbringing in Santa Domingo in Ecuador. My dream [was] always to be the most decorated player in the history of Ecuador. I am proud to be able to bring in a record transfer fee for Brighton which would allow them to reinvest it and help the club continue to be successful. "The fans have taken me into their hearts and they will always be in my heart so I hope they can understand why I want to take up this magnificent opportunity.” Brighton sold Leandro Trossard to Arsenal earlier this month in a deal that could rise to around £27m. Having also allowed Yves Bissouma to join Tottenham in the summer for a big-money deal, the South Coast outfit are in a healthy financial position and do not need to sell their best players.