Emmerdale's Gabby Thomas (played by Rosie Bentham) has had a turbulent time of late, not only did she make a huge mistake with The Hyde brochures, but she also got rejected when she tried to kiss newcomer Nicky (Lewis Cope). The mum has been adamant about impressing Kim Tate (Claire King) with Home Farm and her businesses, but could this be her way of trying to take everything from Kim? In recent scenes, Gabby ended up making a huge error when she put a photo of Ben Tucker (Simon Lennon) on the cover to promote The Hyde. Kim was left furious as she quickly pointed out that a photo of a man that had been murdered by Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) wasn't good for business. However, Gabby was quick to turn things around after she successfully made a pitch to Nicola King (Nicola Wheeler), councillor Colin and guests from local schools. Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the actress who plays Gabby opened up about her upcoming storyline. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan She went on to tease that eventually, she wants to take over from Kim at Home Farm. “I mean, she is a mum at the end of the day, but she's now trying to get a bit more in with Kim and Kim offers her this job," Rosie began. “And there’s this thing with Dawn and all this rivalry with being the most successful. “Gabby has always been obsessed with being driven, being successful and having lots of money for her." “And then a male walks in and all of that is thrown to the side," the soap star continued. "I get this promotion. “I'm really excited as Gabby's first job is to pitch some stuff to lots of school governors and teach them whatever at The Hyde about a new thing that's coming in. “And it kind of goes one way and then it goes another way, but Kim's impressed in the end, and she gets the job and the first person she goes to, to celebrate is Nicky. “I think Gabby is just really excited and she sees her life going one way, upwards.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive [SPOILERS]Dancing on Ice's John Fashanu dealt blow hours before live show [INSIGHT]ITV backlash as fans slam 'painful' John Bishop Show [REACTION] "She wants success," the Gabby Thomas star admitted. "She also wants the life of a 21--year-old. "Her best mate has died and she didn't plan on having this kid and she isn't thinking about prioritising this child and that's where the nanny comes in." The actress went on to discuss the return of Jamie Tate (Alexander Lincoln) admitting his arrival would "rock the boat at Home Farm". She explained if Gabby's ex did come back it would also throw her plans of getting Home Farm into doubt. "I think it would cause a lot of chaos with Kim as well," she said. "It would certainly rock the boat at Home Farm as well and whose hands Home Farm will be left in after that, I don't know. "But Gabby is hoping that it is hers, but we will see what happens." Could Gabby be trying to get Kim on side just to betray her and take Home Farm? In doing so, the powerful businesswoman could love everything and everyone she loves. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.