WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Last of Us TV series and video game Big-budget HBO drama The Last of Us continues this week with another stellar episode hitting screens. The show will be picking up from last week’s cliffhanger as Joel Miller (played Pedro Pascal) and Tess Servopoulos (Anna Torv) smuggle Ellie Williams (Bella Ramsey) out of the Boston Quarantine Zone (QZ). As the show goes on, viewers will be discovering more about Ellie and her background. One big question is about Ellie’s age and in the computer game, on which the show is based, she is 14-years-old. In the game, Ellie was an orphan and attended a military prep school in the Boston QZ. At school, she made friends with fellow student Riley Abel with the two becoming close. One day, the pair became infected with the Cordyceps infection with Ellie quickly realising she was immune to the deadly effects of the fungus. READ MORE: Despite getting bitten Ellie hasn't been affected by the fungus Much like in the TV show, Ellie was saved by Marlene (Merle Dandridge), the leader of The Fireflies of the Boston QZ. Marlene realised Ellie hadn’t been infected and to make sure she held the teen captive and carried out tests to ensuring she didn’t transform into a monstrous creature controlled by the Cordyceps. Ellie would be subjected to routine tests which included counting to 10, holding her arm out straight and repeating her name. According to the official video game synopsis for Ellie, she is described as “ naive and curious” about the outside world. But she is also “wise beyond her years” and “highly capable of taking care of herself” as well as others. The character summary concludes: “Obsessed with comic books, CDs, and other pop culture, her knowledge base is filled by the remnants of a world that no longer exists.” This is something referenced in the TV show when Ellie mentioned Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go by Wham! after talking to Joel about the radio song code. No doubt viewers will be getting more pop culture references as The Last of Us goes on with Ellie showing off just how much she knows about the past. Ramsey is actually much older than her onscreen character at 19. After her global breakthrough role as Lyanna Mormont in Game of Thrones, she quickly became a fan-favourite. She went on to star as Mildred Hubble in CBBC’s reboot of The Worst Witch as well as voicing the title character in the animated series Hilda. Ramsey has also spoken about her mental health issues while working on The Worst Witch, departing after three series and going on to other projects. She told Elle Magazine: "I would say the more accurate description is that I had resolved a lot of my mental health problems by that point. And then the idea was that, 'I'm not going to do this fourth season because it's not worth it, because I'm in a better place now. This is not something that I want to continue to string out and have the recurring issues that stem from that first season. I don't need or want to do this anymore'." DON'T MISS...ITV viewers 'switch off' as they blast 'unprofessional' GMB presenting [VIEWER REACTION]Harry and Meghan deliver huge result for Netflix [UPDATE]BBC host issues apology to Naga Munchetty over awkward joke [VIDEO] Some of her roles include Catherine Called Birdy, His Dark Materials, Becoming Elizabeth and Requiem. Speaking about working on Game of Thrones, Ramsey recently said: "It was my first job ever, so I didn't know any different," referencing her heavy costume which involved multiple coats and furs as a lady of the North. Ramsey went on to say: "I don't think that I'd be an actor if it wasn't for Game of Thrones, 'cause I never really set out to be [one], and then it sort of happened.” Adding to Entertainment Weekly: "I wouldn't have it any other way. So it set me up and prepared me for The Last of Us, and all my other projects, in ways that I don't think anything else could." The Last of Us airs on HBO on Sundays at 9pm EST and on Sky Atlantic and NOW on Mondays at 2am and 9pm