FIA president Mohammed ben Sulayem has warned teams cannot use the cost cap allowance to “cover things up” months after Red Bull were found guilty of breaking the rules. He stressed it was the FIA’s responsibility to “watch” teams and ensure they stayed within the rules. Ben Sulayem also defended the governing body’s handling of the cost cap rises last season after Red Bull and Aston Martin breached the guidelines. He told Motorsport.com: “I was very clear with what happened with Red Bull and Aston Martin. We made sure that nothing was hidden, and we were very transparent. "We did the team [investigation], did the check-up, went through the whole process and we cleared it publicly to everyone. I hope nobody can use the cost cap and try to cover up things. The teams now are very clear that the FIA is there as the governing body. They are there watching, and that is our beauty, that is our responsibility." Red Bull was punished after it emerged they had exceeded the cap by £1.8million ($2.2m). READ MORE: Red Bull were forced to axe 154 staff members after budget cap rules The FIA accepted the actual breach would have been just £432,000 ($0.5m) if the team’s tax reports were filed correctly. But they were still hit with both a financial and sporting penalty for the breach. This included a 10 per cent reduction in their wind tunnel and CFD testing for 2023 which boss Christian Horner claims could cost them half a second per lap. However, the FIA did not reduce Red Bull’s spending allowance for next season which was flagged by some bosses as a mistake. Aston Martin were only fined £369,000 ($450,000) after it emerged they had made a procedural violation of the rules. DON'T MISSChristian Horner moans about penalty as FIA back Red Bull into corner [INSIGHT]Helmut Marko opens up on effects of Red Bull's budget cap penalty  [ANALYSIS]Mercedes and Red Bull accused of exploiting F1 budget cap loophole [COMMENT] Ben Sulayem stressed the budget cap was vital for F1’s future success. The tool was introduced in a bid to minimise costs and allow smaller teams a chance to make progress against the bigger manufacturers. He added: “When it comes to the cost cap, there is one thing, it has to work. Yes, the gap is big, but we just have to push more into it to make sure the other teams come up to the level of the big teams."