Motor racing legend Michael Schumacher drove in many F1 cars throughout his iconic career and the very first one is now up for sale. Schumacher is fondly remembered for his success with Ferrrari but in 1991, the German debuted in the Jordan 191, which is set to be auctioned off next month by Bonhams in Paris.  It will be part of the Les Grandes Marques du Monde à Paris auction and Bonhams auctioneers estimate the value at €1.4 – €2 million (£1.2 - £1.75million). Their statement read: “Bonhams has great pleasure in presenting to the market the 1991 Formula 1 car in which legendary seven-times Formula 1 World Champion Driver Michael Schumacher actually posted the very first of his long career’s sensational performances, during the very first practice session preceding his pinnacle-class racing debut, in the Belgian Grand Prix of 1991. “This Jordan-Ford 191 is the actual chassis in which the charismatic young German newcomer staggered all onlookers by immediately clocking eighth fastest practice time during the initial ‘FP1’ session in practice for that race at Spa-Francorchamps.” Since the 1991 season, the car has changed hands several times. It was last up for sale in 2021. JUST IN: F1 rule changes - The feud between three team bosses over 2023’s biggest update  It was last driven by Michael’s son Mick Schumacher at Silverstone to celebrate the 30th anniversary of his father’s F1 debut. Though it was a proud moment for Schumacher to make his F1 debut in the car, it did not go according to plan as he retired on the first lap with a clutch issue.   The snap has received 77,000 likes thanks to the love for his father, who many consider to be the greatest driver in history. Schumacher's Instagram account told fans he'll "keep fighting" in a thank you message to those who wished him happy birthday earlier this month. The post to his 1.2million Instagram followers read: "Thank you so much everybody for the warm birthday wishes! They are greatly appreciated [thumbs up emoji] #TeamMichael #KeepFighting #KeepFightingMichael."