Antiques Roadshow's Fiona Bruce and her team of experts were recently at the Bodnant Garden in North Wales. Finds such as a pair of rare Wedgewood tigers and a silver box with a political connection were amongst the items being showcased. However, it was one guest's carved Russian chair which left Elaine stunned at the find. Upon first seeing the chair, Elaine expressed: "I just can't stop looking at the carving on this chair! Where on earth did you find an oak chair like this?" The guest explained: "My mum bought it, it is from a gentleman called Mr Fletcher who had been working in Russia before the revolution. Mum bought it in I think 1951." Elaine asked: "And in the time that you have known it, have you found anything out about it?" "We believe that it's a church chair," the guest admitted. "And it has an inscription on it that we have been given a translation, whether it is right or not I don't know. It reads 'the quieter you pray, the further you get'." READ MORE: 1923 episode 4 cast Elaine repeated: "The quieter you pray, the further you get'. Well, let's have a look at all these decorative components. "Probably the most unusual part of it, which is the legs and the back, is this sort of arc and this relates to part of a horse harness. "If you can picture in Russia a sleigh being pulled by three horses, the central horse has an arc like this over it, so we are on the Russian track so far. "This central element here, I think is also meant to be a leather horse harness." The guest was shocked and admitted: "I had never thought of that before." Elaine continued: "Probably the next thing that jumps out at me are these axes, they are really curious aren't they, very symbolic part of toiling in the fields and working on the land in Russia. "And probably the most curious thing are the mittens here," with the guest interjecting: "We thought they were like a gauntlet. "As children, we just used to twizzle them around and play with them." DON'T MISS..Rod Stewart leaves Dermot O’Leary staggered with racy sex confession [INSIGHT]Emmerdale exit for Dawn Taylor as she lands new role  [LATEST]Loose Women fury over baby remark as show hit with Ofcom complaints [WATCH] Elaine laughed and explained: "They are mittens, and if you have been from a wealthier class, you wouldn't be wearing mittens, you would be wearing gloves. "So all of these elements are very provincial and really things from the countryside that the working people of Russia would have used whilst they were toiling the fields. "Do you still think it is a church chair?" she asked as the guest laughed and revealed: "I am not so sure now, no." Discussing the impact the inscription had on their thought on the chair, Elaine explained: "You probably were led down that route because of the inscription. "In fact, it is a well-known Russian adage, which is along those lines but slightly generalised, and that is that you will get further if you do things in a quiet way. "If you were to put a chair like this into auction now, it will probably fetch around £4,000 or £5,000." The guest quickly quipped: "It's not for sale. I am going to give it to my daughter in my will," with the daughter smiling: "I'm thrilled. "I just remember this. I used to sit on it as a little girl and I can see my feet, because I was too short to fit the floor, dangling, so yes I love this chair." Antiques Roadshow airs Sunday from 9pm on BBC Two.