A ‘disappointed’ Cristiano Ronaldo was desperate for Real Madrid to offer his career a reprieve before signing for Al-Nassr, according to reports in Spain. The veteran attacker has moved to Saudi Arabia having finally found a new club. Axed by Manchester United in November, Ronaldo played at the World Cup before maintaining his fitness at Real’s Valdebebas training base. He departed Los Blancos in 2018 following a reported spat with president Florentino Perez, but is now on much more amicable terms with his former club. Ronaldo was hopeful of earning a deal with the Spanish giants, for whom he had a remarkable record of 450 goals in 438 appearances. Many fans had urged the club to sign the 37-year-old to replace the injured Karim Benzema. The ex-Red Devils star wanted to train at Valdebebas to be in view of club officials who he hoped would decide he could still offer quality to the Champions League winners. However, no call came and a ‘disappointed’ Ronaldo decided to take up Al-Nassr’s proposal of a huge £175million contract. JUST IN: Sancho accused of turning up late for training ahead of Man Utd return That is according to Spanish publication Mundo Deportivo, who report that a return to the Spanish capital would have been Ronaldo’s preferred option. Agent Jorge Mendes had attempted to secure his client a Champions League move, with a return to boyhood club Sporting Lisbon also mooted. Ronaldo had hit out at reports of a move to Saudi Arabia as “lies” during the World Cup. He revealed in his interview with Piers Morgan that he did not want to end his career in Saudi or America, pledging to remain at the elite level of the sport. But his switch to Al-Nassr was confirmed last week. He has signed a two-year deal to remain at the club until the age of 40. DON'T MISS...Man Utd final movement for Felix ‘awaited’ by Atletico in new twistEverton 'knocking on the door' for Anthony Elanga move in next stepEnzo Fernandez to Chelsea 'really advanced' with Blues on cusp of deal “I am excited for the new experience in a different league and in a different country, the vision that Al Nassr has is very inspiring,” he told the club’s social media channels. “I am very excited to join my teammates in helping the team achieve more success.” Meanwhile, Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag refused to discuss Ronaldo’s move. The Dutchman was one of the key Red Devils figures who Ronaldo tore into during his interview with Morgan. "I don't talk about the past, let's talk about the future. We made a good step today,” Ten Hag said when asked about Ronaldo after United’s 1-0 win over Wolves on Saturday. “First time we are in the top four, but it means nothing because it is a long way to go. We have to live from game to game, get in the position to win something.”