Rishi Sunak has been warned to not serve up a "half-baked" agreement to resolve the hated Brexit deal as fears surge that he is about to give too much away to the European Union to solve the Northern Ireland Protocol impasse. DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson has cautioned against any temporary deal with Brussels and has urged the Prime Minister to "get this done, and done properly". He also poured cold water over recent reports the UK and EU are close to striking a deal to finally seal a breakthrough in post-Brexit trading arrangements that have created huge created economic barriers between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK. Unionists in the country continue to be strongly opposed to arrangements they claim have weakened the region’s place within the union. Sir Jeffrey has now ramped up the pressure on the UK Government to strike the "right deal" with Brussels. He told GB News: "I am very clear that we need to get this right and therefore I would say to the UK Government and to the Prime Minister, don’t go for a half-baked deal, don’t go for some kind of interim arrangement – let’s get this done, and done properly. "Because if we’re to restore the political institutions in Northern Ireland, if we’re to be able to move Northern Ireland forward with cross-community support, then we need an agreement that unionists, as well as nationalists, can support. "That means dealing with very difficult and challenging issues. That’s what leadership is about. So, I think the pressure is on the UK Government to get a deal done, but I want to see them get the right deal for Northern Ireland and for the whole of the UK." Sir Jeffrey also dismissed hope of an imminent breakthrough on the Protocol issue between the UK and EU, claiming there is "still quite a gap to close on some very significant issues". But he has not ruled out progress being made between the two sides over the next few weeks as intensive talks continue. READ MORE: Brexit Britain to reach £1trillion annual export target 15 years late The DUP leader continued: "Sir Jeffrey indicated he did not believe a deal was imminent but said progress could be made in the coming weeks. “I think that there’s been a lot of talk about improvements in the mood music, but any of the conversations I’ve had with senior Government ministers suggest that there’s still quite a gap to close on some very significant issues related to the Northern Ireland Protocol before an agreement can be reached. "So, I’m not so sure that we’re on the cusp of an agreement, but it could be that in the next two to three weeks progress will be made on those major issues, but that remains to be seen." The comments come with insiders claiming Boris Johnson fears Mr Sunak's Government is ready to give too much away in a deal to solve the problems in Northern Ireland. DON'T MISSShould the PM compromise on Brexit to improve relations with the EU? [OPINION]Rishi Sunak considering NI compromise in Brexit negotiations with EU [REPORT]Sir Keir Starmer rebukes Sadiq Khan over Brexit [COMMENTS] Mr Johnson is "deeply concerned" the Government will strike a compromise with the Brussels over the Protocol which gives a role to European judges, according sources close to the former Prime Minister. Insiders told the Daily Mail he fears the European Court of Justice (ECJ) may end up as the final arbiter of EU laws that apply within Northern Ireland, in an attempt to bring an end to the dispute. On Sunday, a Government spokesman said: "As we’ve said repeatedly, any solution on the Protocol must address the range of issues including governance and the democratic deficit on how new EU laws apply in NI." Last week, Leo Varadkar admitted he had regrets over the Protocol being imposed in Northern Ireland without the support of both unionists and nationalists. When asked whether anything could have been done differently during the protocol talks, the Irish Taoiseach told the BBC his main regret was that the measure had been "imposed on Northern Ireland without the support of both communities". He added: "In the same way Brexit was imposed on Northern Ireland without the support of both communities, the protocol was imposed on Northern Ireland without the support of two communities". But Mr Varadkar insisted the Protocol is working from an economic standpoint and the absence of a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic was proof of this.