Manchester United transfer target Wout Weghorst could be met with a frosty reception from Lisandro Martinez if he puts pen to paper on a deal at Old Trafford. The pair clashed after the World Cup quarter-final tie between the Netherlands and Argentina in December, suggesting there could still be bad blood between the pair. United are desperate to sign a striker this month despite their limited funds, with no investment anticipated from the Glazers. The departure of Cristiano Ronaldo earlier this season has left Erik ten Hag lacking depth in the final third, with Anthony Martial his only natural No 9. Several different options are being explored by the Red Devils, with reports suggesting that they have settled on signing target man Weghorst, who is currently on loan at Besiktas from Burnley. According to Foot Mercato, the talks are ‘advanced’, with the forward feeling that a move to United is ‘difficult to refuse’. Weghorst put himself back on the map at the Qatar World Cup following an underwhelming debut campaign with Burnley in the Premier League, scoring a brace against Argentina – which included a 111th-minute equaliser. But despite the late goal, it wasn’t to be for the Dutch, who were furious after they lost via a penalty shootout due to the manner in which their opposition celebrated following a heated contest. Weghorst was one of the stars to be caught up in the drama, approaching Lionel Messi in the mixed zone after the match to ‘show his respect’ to the star after they were involved in several flashpoints on the pitch. Messi felt that it was too soon to brush off the incidents though, shouting ‘Anda Palla, Boba’ at the Burnley loanee, which translates to ‘Keep moving, idiot’. Former Manchester City star Sergio Aguero was also involved in the fracas, unhappy with Weghorst’s presence as Messi conducted interviews with the Argentinean press. United's Martinez quickly emerged on the scene of the quarrel, telling the Netherlands star to leave and sharing his views on why it was considered too premature to make friends. Speaking about the incident to De Telegraaf, Weghorst explained: “'I always give everything and I did the same in the quarter-final, I fought against Messi and there were a few moments between us. I think he didn’t like it and that it surprised him. But I have a lot of respect for him. He is among the greatest of all time. “I wanted to show my respect for Messi after the game, but he didn’t want it. I think he was still angry with me. Oh well, I see it as a great compliment that he knows my name now. Then at least I did something right.” Given that Argentina were victorious in Qatar, it seems unlikely that Martinez will hold a grudge against Weghorst, though there will certainly be an aura of awkwardness upon their reunion.