The kitchen is the heart of the home which is why it’s so important you like the way it’s decorated. Often, kitchens are decorated neutrally to match cabinets, tiles and appliances, however, this doesn’t have to be the case. Interior experts have shared the most popular kitchen paint trends for 2023 - and number one is a departure away from neutrals. For those looking to spruce up their kitchen, the interior experts at Tap Warehouse have analysed Pinterest Trends data to reveal the top eight colours to paint your kitchen this year. The research revealed that Pinterest searches for “emerald green kitchens” increased by a huge 82 percent last year. The biggest emerging colour trend for the kitchen appears to be emerald green, according to Pinterest data. READ MORE: Banish ‘terrible’ smells from washing machines using £1.25 item The colour can be used on kitchen cabinets, walls and tiles or simply when accessorising your kitchen. Kitchen expert Polly Shearer suggested pairing emerald green in the kitchen with other shades of green for a “sleek monochrome look”. She added: “Or couple the rich colour against marble and white. Whichever colour you go for, emerald green looks best with gold or brass fixtures.” Lilac is the second most popular trend in 2023 with the colour amassing a 50 percent rise in interest. DON'T MISSI cleaned my bathroom grout without bleach - results [INSIGHT]Kate and William's new home is 'such a downsize' compared to Frogmore [UPDATE]‘Best’ home remedy to remove grout stains ‘in five minutes’ [ANALYSIS] The kitchen expert said lilac is a “soothing colour” which is “perfect” for creating a “stress-free space” for when you’re cooking dinner. While lilac is more commonly used in bedrooms and bathrooms, it can add a touch of colour to more functional rooms of the home like the kitchen. Lilac, which is synonymous with lavender, is a calming, comforting colour that could inject a sense of tranquillity into kitchens, which is especially useful after a stressful day at work. The expert suggested pairing the colour with shades such as blue, white, and grey. READ MORE: 'I'm an interior designer and I am so tired of these boring features' Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Neutral colours are timeless and could make it easier to sell a property as buyers will be able to envision their own appliances and decor in the room. Timeless neutral colours are also the third biggest colour trend, according to Pinterest. Searches for neutral kitchens have increased by 29 percent making this sleek colour the third top trend. If you want a kitchen that will never go out of style, then a neutral colour choice is the perfect option. Polly said: “Neutral goes with any colour and is a great blank canvas for adding pops of colour through accessories that can be easily changed throughout the years.” Tap Warehouse has also shared its top five emerging kitchen trends for 2023. The experts analysed their internal website search data to uncover the hottest kitchen trends for 2023. Family kitchens - 850 percent Smart tech taps - 400 percent Traditional kitchens - 200 percent Light kitchens - 160 percent Stainless steel kitchens - 100 percent