Aside from being one of Hollywood’s most famous directors, Quentin Tarantino is also been a major movie buff with strong opinions. The 59-year-old was recently on a podcast discussing the four Indiana Jones movies starring Harrison Ford. During the chat, the filmmaker shared controversial views on Steven Spielberg's adventure blockbusters, including that Kingdom of the Crystal Skull wasn’t the worst outing. The 1950 set movie arrived in cinemas 19 years after the original trilogy ended and has been derided by some fans for nuking Indy in a fridge and having a plot set around aliens. Some fans even pretend the fourth movie doesn’t exist and only accept the first three. Regardless, Tarantino doesn’t think it was anywhere near as bad as the third one. Speaking previously on the ReelBlend podcast, Tarantino said of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade: “I don't like the Sean Connery one at all. That's such a boring one. It's boring! And [Connery's] not an interesting character. The joke is made immediately. It's like Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot.”  The 1989 adventure included the former James Bond as Indy’s father, who he bickers with constantly throughout the film. As for Tarantino’s favourite Indiana Jones movie, it’s the one Spielberg has previously said he wasn’t happy with at all. Speaking with The Sun Sentinal, Spielberg said of the second movie Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom: “I wasn’t happy with Temple of Doom at all. It was too dark, too subterranean, and much too horrific. I thought it out-poltered Poltergeist. There’s not an ounce of my own personal feeling in Temple of Doom. The danger in making a sequel is that you can never satisfy everyone.” Nevertheless, on why he thinks it’s the best Indiana Jones movie, Tarantino said: “[Spielberg] was full of piss and gauge, alright, on the case of back-to-back Jaws and Close Encounters, now he figures he could do no wrong, pushes the envelope, creates PG-13! The movie is so f***ing badass, it created a new level in the MPAA! Something Brian De Palma's never been able to do as much as he's tried!” The Pulp Fiction director even believes it’s Spielberg’s second-best film after one he thinks is the best movie ever made. READ MORE: Indiana Jones: Sean Connery ‘almost did Kingdom of the Crystal Skull’ Tarantino added: “I think Jaws is the greatest movie ever made. Maybe not the greatest film. But it's the greatest movie ever made. And then there are other movies that can get in its rarefied air. But as far as a movie, there's no making it better than Jaws. There's no ‘better’ than Jaws. It is the best movie ever made.” SOURCE