Prince Harry will appear in three high profile interviews on both sides of the Atlantic in the coming days. Here's all you need to know about the broadcasts, which have royal fans on tenterhooks ahead of the publication of his memoir, Spare. Prince Harry's interview with Tom Bradby airs on ITV in the UK at 7pm on Sunday, January 8. He will then appear on CBS's 60 Minutes with American journalist Anderson Cooper later that day. It hits TV screens at 7pm ET (12am GMT), immediately following Sunday’s NFL game. This means if the football game runs over time, the airtime of Prince Harry's special will be delayed until it ends. Basic cable TV, or using a digital antenna, will allow viewers to watch the highly-anticipated talk through your local CBS affiliate. READ MORE: 'The heir was jealous of the spare': Prince Harry shares royal 'truth'  The interviews will be Harry's first television appearances to discuss his new book. The Duke will also appear on Good Morning America with Michael Strahan on Monday, January 9 at 7am EST. This will be followed by a special, "Prince Harry: In His Own Words | Michael Strahan Reporting" later on ABC News Live. Teaser clips for the interviews have seen Harry describing how he wants his father and brother back while also insisting the "truth" needs to be made public. CBS has described its full interview as "revealing" and Harry's book as "explosive". The new explosive claims against the royal institution follow four high-profile allegations made by the Duke since stepping back from duties in March 2020. He made his first major media appearance in an interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021 where he and Meghan Markle voiced a number of damaging claims. Most notably, they accused an unnamed royal family member of asking about the skin colour of their future son, Archie Harrison. DON'T MISS Prince Harry labels Prince William his 'arch-nemesis' in new book [ANALYSIS]Harry decision to 'drag' William into Nazi costume scandal 'strange' [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry use Oprah comment to moan about size of royal cottage [VIDEO] The royal teamed up with Oprah again in a six-episode mental health docuseries titled The Me You Can't See. Harry claimed he and Meghan were not given the help they needed for their mental health when working royals. Harry appeared on the Today Show with Hoda Kotb in 2022 where he was perceived to make a comment about royal aides. Of the late Queen Elizabeth II, Harry said he wanted to make sure she had the "right people" around her. Meghan and Harry rounded off 2022 with a six-part Netflix docuseries on their fallout with the Royal Family. During this, the Duke claimed Prince William had previously "screamed" at him.