Emmerdale bosses have teased three major spoilers which will rumble the village in upcoming scenes. The dramatic storylines involve a heartbroken Paddy Kirk (played by Dominic Brunt) turning to his ex Mandy Dingle (Lisa Riley) for a night of passion, Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) being blackmailed and Mack Boyd's (Lawrence Robb) baby bombshell exploding in his face. ITV soap spoilers have revealed an incredibly lonely Paddy falls into the arms of his ex-wife Mandy in upcoming episodes. The Emmerdale vet has been struggling since discovering his wife Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) was having an affair with late businessman Al Chapman (Michael Wildman) for months. Paddy is set to confide in Mandy but as they take a trip down memory lane, old passions are reawakened and they soon find themselves falling into bed together. Will reconnecting with Mandy help the soap stalwart, or will he find himself spiralling into an even deeper depression? READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star Elsewhere, Noah finds himself in a difficult dilemma which could compromise his entire family. Since the birth of Amelia Spencer’s (Daisy Campbell) baby, Noah has shown love and support for her and the little girl Esther. But the baby's biological father Samson Dingle (Sam Hall) lacks Noah's compassion. An Emmerdale spokesperson revealed: "As Noah generously suggests setting up a trust fund for baby Esther, we’ll soon see scheming Samson’s cogs whirring and Noah will find himself being blackmailed for money.  "But Samson’s scheming won’t just impact Noah, it could also compromise his entire family." Meanwhile, Mack and Charity Dingle’s (Emma Atkins) tumultuous relationship looks set to reach breaking point. They have been tested over the past year after losing their unborn child. Emmerdale fans will recall Mack slept with Chloe Harris (Jessie Elland) and instantly regretted it. He asked Chloe to put the affair behind her, but with the news that she was carrying his baby, he has since carried a heavy secret. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans spot major problem with David Metcalfe storyline [THEORY]Emmerdale face from the past returns for Noah  [LATEST]Emmerdale's Charley Webb suffers sleepless nights due to family issue [SPOILER] With his relationship with Charity in a better place than it’s ever been, the couple has a big Dingle wedding to look forward to. However, the spokesperson shared: "The past has a habit of catching up with you and it’s only a matter of time before this baby bombshell explodes in Mack’s face. "With the revelation that the love of her life cheated on her, could we see Charity revert to the old her and press the self-destruct button?" Charity is bound to be left devastated by the news, especially as she lost her own child.  Will Charity come for Chloe or will she take all of her anger out on Mack and blame him entirely? Perhaps Chloe will leave the village when her secret is out so she can raise her baby away from all the drama. Is there any way Mack will be able to convince Charity to forgive him, or will he also have to flee Emmerdale? Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITVX and ITV. 