McDonald’s updated its menu before the Christmas holidays, adding festive treats to its range, and now it is changing it again. The restaurant chain has announced new menu additions, which will be available from this week. McDonald’s fans will be able to get their hands on the new menu items from Wednesday, January 4, this week. The biggest change is that the fast-food chain will be introducing an exciting new wrap to its range. Called the Spicy Sriracha Chicken One, the wrap is filled with flavour and perfect for those who have a penchant for spice. The wrap is made with either crispy chicken breast or grilled chicken, spicy sriracha sauce, cucumber, slivered onions, and lettuce. READ MORE: Rabbit 2023 zodiac horoscope - what’s in store for Rabbit this year All these delicious ingredients are placed in a soft, toasted wrap – similar to the ones already available at McDonald’s. However, fans must be quick if they want to try the tasty wrap as it will be available for a limited time only. Costing £3.29, the wrap will be on offer in all McDonald’s stores until February 14 only. It will be available exclusively in the UK and Ireland – to order in store or via the McDonald’s app. DON'T MISS:Woman loses 3 stone after doctor's told her it would be 'impossible' [PICTURES]3 ‘outdated’ hairstyles women 40+ should avoid as 'they age you' [BEAUTY]Food storage hacks to keep bananas perfectly yellow & edible for 2wks [EXPERTS] Gráinne Allen, Director of Food and Innovation at McDonald’s UK and Ireland, said: “We’re so pleased to be launching a new Big Flavour Wrap in the UK and Ireland. “The Spicy Sriracha Chicken One brings something different to the wrap family and we hope customers are as excited by it as we are. “As with every McDonald’s offering, we take our time to ensure it meets the highest standards and is something that all our customers will enjoy. “We are always looking for different ways to innovate and meet consumers needs and knowing how well-loved the Big Flavour Wraps – it made sense to add to this family, with a spicy chicken edition.” READ MORE: 3 ‘outdated’ hairstyles women 40+ should avoid as 'they age you' But it’s not only the wrap that’s new at McDonald’s. The chain is welcoming fan favourites back to the menu from January 4. Its Cheesy Garlic Bites will be back, with five bites per portion. These are made with a blend of mozzarella and Emmental cheese, in a garlic herb coating and served with a rich tomato dip. But the cheesy bites will also only be available at McDonald’s stores until February 14. They cost £2.29 on their own and £6.29 for a sharebox. In a bid to keep January blues at bay, McDonald’s will also be bringing back two exciting McFlurry flavours to its menu. These are the Aero Chocolate McFlurry and the Aero Peppermint McFlurry, complete with pieces of Aero Chocolate and either peppermint or chocolate sauce. Both these flavours cost £1.79 each, or 99p each for the mini versions.