Manchester United are reportedly plotting a £194million double transfer swoop for Benfica duo Goncalo Ramos and Antonio Silva after missing out on the Portuguese club’s star midfielder Enzo Fernandez. Fernandez appears to be edging closer to a move to Chelsea after starring for Argentina at the World Cup as the South American team lifted the trophy for the first time since 1986. According to O Jogo, United’s interest in Ramos has persisted for some time. And Red Devils boss Erik ten Hag views the striker as one of the first options to reinforce his attack following the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo. Ronaldo left Old Trafford in November after saying he “felt betrayed” by the club during an explosive interview with Piers Morgan. Ramos has enjoyed a sensational season this time out and has already racked up 15 goals and six assists in 23 matches for his club. The 21-year-old started all six of his team’s Champions League matches as they finished above Paris Saint-Germain at the top of the Group H table to secure a last-16 showdown with Club Brugge. Silva, meanwhile, has piqued United’s interest after becoming a regular starter for Benfica at the age of 19. The centre-back missed just two minutes of his team’s Champions League group campaign and appears to have a big future in the game. Both he and Ramos were part of Portugal’s World Cup squad in Qatar, with the latter notching a hat-trick in Portugal’s last 16 thrashing of Switzerland. READ MORE: Enzo Fernandez to Chelsea 'really advanced' with Blues on cusp of deal    Silva is being chased by a whole host of top European sides, with the likes of Liverpool, Juventus, Napoli and PSG all battling to secure his signature. But Benfica president Rui Costa is adamant that the players will only be able to leave if their release clauses are met. Ramos’ release clause currently stands at more than £106million, while Silva’s clause is £88m. United are pursuing new players as they look to build on their promising run of form under Ten Hag. The north west giants started the season in dismal fashion but have improved significantly and have now climbed to fourth in the Premier League table. DON'T MISS...Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd plot Raphinha move, Chelsea medical todayBest XI of players Man Utd and co can sign on pre-contract agreementsFive players Chelsea could snap up for bargain fees in January   On New Year’s Eve, United defeated Wolves thanks to a late goal from substitute Marcus Rashford. And they will go in search of another three points when they host Bournemouth on Tuesday evening. Argentina star Fernandez, meanwhile, could soon be plying his trade in England after Chelsea made an offer of £112m for the 21-year-old, according to the Daily Mail. The offer is £6m more than the ace’s buyout clause, but the Blues want to pay the fee in three annual instalments rather than paying it all in one hit. 