Frances Tiafoe has caused a huge stir in the early ages of the Australian Open after sporting a bizarre first round outfit. Tiafoe kicked off his tournament against Daniel Altmaier of Germany in the early hours of Monday morning. And, all went to plan for the American star after he secured a 6-3, 6-3, 6-7, 7-6 victory over his opponent in the opening round. It was not just Tiafoe’s impressive performance that had fans talking about the 24-year-old though. His choice of outfit caught the eye of many, and it is clear to see why. The American star's vest and shorts - provided by Nike - were splattered with a mix of red, white, pink, green and yellow. His bizarre kit sparked a debate on social media, with the opinion of many tennis fans split down the middle. One fan - @ buckeyegirl25 - accused Nike designers of ‘tripping’, tweeting: “Was someone at Nike tripping when they came up with this design? Frances Tiafoe deserves better.” JUST IN: Novak Djokovic cancels practice session as worries grow ahead of Australian Open return Another fan watching on - @Derek060812711 - was also left unimpressed, tweeting: “What an unfortunate choice of outfit,” whilst @FitaR pointed out that it was more suitable for heading to bed, adding: “Is that a onesie?” Some fans were seemingly big fans of Tiafoe’s fit though, and had plenty of praise for the American and his bold choice. Describing the 24-year-old as a ‘fashion icon’, @ChuckDouglas_ tweeted: “Frances Tiafoe. Serious swag. Tennis fashion icon.” DON'T MISSNadal delays Australian Open clash in disbelief after racket blunderAustralian Open 'screaming' sparks umpire protest at Grand SlamNick Kyrgios pulls out of Australian Open with knee injury Also a fan of Tiafoe’s look, @Phatill added: “Yes, it looks like a Nike accidental design and the colourful swivels are a bit of a distraction but he's rocking it just fine. Not many can pull off.” One of the 24-year-old’s fellow American star’s Coco Gauff - who also secured victory on Monday - was also a fan, as she told ESPN: “There's a lot going on, but I feel like that's Frances Tiafoe. He's never quiet. The outfit represents that: loud and proud. That's Big Foe."