Zoe Ball told her 400,000 Twitter followers she had unfortunately tested positive for coronavirus and she would not be in the studio on Monday morning. She was replaced by Vernon Kay, who offered his love and well wishes to the BBC presenter. Informing Zoe's listeners, Vernon tweeted: "Couple of mornings on @BBCRadio2 coming up!! Get well quickly @ZoeTheBall. "5am wake up’s play havoc with the eye bags!! See you tomorrow from 6.30AM." (sic) Opening the show on Monday morning, Vernon exclaimed: "Morning everyone! Welcome, Vernon in for Zoe. "Before we start, I need to shout out the security guard downstairs. When he gave me my pass he said 'You go and have yourself a lovely show.' READ MORE: Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show "I am absolutely buzzing now, how good is that! Well, this is us, BBC Radio 2 and we hope you have a lovely day." Vernon has plenty of experience when it comes to hosting a radio show after presenting his own on BBC Radio 2 from 2004 to 2012. He later moved to Radio X from 2015 to 2017, before moving to motorsports, and now presents live coverage of Formula E for platforms around the world. Zoe tweeted on Sunday night: "So I’ve got covid… But good news is ya man @vernonkay is looking after y’all @BBCRadio2. Back soon." (sic) The BBC star was inundated with get well messages from fans and friends, with Strictly: It Takes Two presenter Rylan Clarke expressing: "Noooooooo." Whilst musician Tom Bertram wrote: “Feel better soon." Louise Redknapp also penned: "Hope you're ok lovely." Viewers Russ wrote: "Oh Zoe sending you TLC get better soon, think of all the catch-up tv you can watch. DON'T MISS...3 big Emmerdale spoilers as lovers reunite and blackmail rocks village [INSIGHT]Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row [WATCH]Midsomer Murders will not be airing on ITV tonight after shakeup [LATEST] “Big fan of Vernon's for years top bloke. Will be listening every morning.” (sic) Wendy added: "Awww no. Hope you’re feeling better soon. Will miss your cheery happy vibes you give us all.” (sic) “Get well soon Zoe, and take care of yourself in the meanwhile by not trying too much too quickly; Vern will look after things for you,” typed Neil. Zoe has hosted the Radio 2 Breakfast Show since 2018 and soon took over from Chris Evans after his departure in 2019. She made history as the first female host of both Radio 1 Breakfast and The Radio 2 Breakfast Show for the BBC. The BBC Radio shows saw a huge shake-up last year, with Scott Mills no longer presenting for BBC Radio 1 and replaced Steve Wright on his Radio 2 show. Scott's Radio 1 programme was taken over by Vicky Hawkesworth and Dean McCullough, with the shows being broadcast from BBC's MediaCityUK studios in Salford. Zoe Ball's Breakfast Show airs weekdays from 6:30am on BBC Radio 2.