Shedeur Sanders showed off his impressive arm strength on deep balls as he worked out with his offensive weapons following the quarterback’s transfer from Jackson State to Colorado. Sanders is the son of legendary NFL star Deion, who is now the coach of the Buffaloes after also moving from the JSU Tigers. Deion Sanders is considered one of the best athletes in sports history after sensationally starring in both the NFL and MLB during his playing days, and he is now thriving as a coach in the college system. In his first full season, Sanders led HBCU outfit Jackson State to the Southwestern Athletic Conference title with an 11-2 record before securing a move to Colorado, where he will coach in 2023. The 55-year-old enjoyed a stellar NFL career and is largely believed by many to be the best cornerback in league history. After being selected fifth overall in the 1989 NFL Draft by the Atlanta Falcons, the two-time Super Bowl champion - and 1994 Defensive Player of the Year - played for the San Francisco 49ers, Dallas Cowboys, Washington Redskins and Baltimore Ravens With his son joining him in Colorado after starring for the Tigers, Sanders has had a curious draft profile ever since emerging as a four-star quarterback recruit in the 2021 class. Sanders led Jackson State to its first Celebration Bowl in 2021 after winning the SWAC East, while he won the Jerry Rice FCS National Freshman of the Year award. READ MORE: 49ers ace hails 'best defence' amid comparisons to last Super Bowl run Last season, he was the SWAC Offensive Player of the Year after completing a school-record 341 of 483 passes (70.6%) for 3,732 yards, 40 touchdowns, and just six picks. Sanders looks as though he is preparing to compete with the Buffaloes as he was filmed throwing passes to his future wideouts. On Wednesday, Well Off Media - a YouTube channel run by Deion Sanders Jr. - posted a video featuring Sanders and Colorado receivers working on routes at the indoor practice facility. While classes were cancelled due to snow, the likes of Montana Lemonious-Craig, South Florida transfer Jimmy Horn Jr and freshman Asaad Waseem among others put the work in. Sanders has the talent and production to make it in the NFL, as well as the right heritage. He has a sturdy, athletic frame at 6’2″ and is a solid runner, while he has enough athleticism to work the pocket and extend when needed. DON'T MISSTom Brady's model superfan shares thoughts on NFL star's retirementTampa Bay Buccaneers issue Russell Gage update as NFL ace hospitalisedAaron Rodgers drops retirement hint as NFL future hangs in balance The 20-year-old can certainly rip throws with velocity, particularly in the short-range, while he has showcased the ability to throw passes into tight windows. His arm talent may not be top-tier, but he remains talented and much of his future will depend on his performances at Colorado. At Jackson State, Sanders proved to be a capable distributor with flashes of excellent pocket presence and anticipation- but his mechanics remain inconsistent. His footwork can be uncontrolled, which leads to an inconsistent base at the release point. In 2023, Sanders will also face tougher competition in the Pac-12, a notable step up from the SWAC. The likes of Oregon, Utah and Washington State all possess talented defensive units that will likely either make or break Sanders’ 2024 NFL Draft hopes.