European royals have flocked to Athens, Greece, to pay their respects to former King Constantine II of Greece, the country’s last Monarch who was famously exiled in the late Sixties. But despite the fact that he was the Prince of Wales’ godfather, the 40-year-old will not be in attendance. It was widely reported that the Prince and Princess of Wales were due to attend the public funeral held at the Orthodox Metropolitan Cathedral at midday on Monday, January 16. However, according to Kensington Palace officials, this was incorrect, and neither William nor Kate will be at the service which will be followed by an 18-mile procession to Tatoi palace. It had also been suggested that Prince Edward and Countess of Wessex, Sophie, could also be in attendance, however, the Daily Express’s Royal Correspondent, Richard Palmer, understands that this is not the case. Princess Anne is due to attend, however, and will instead represent the British Royal Family. Other members of European royalty have congregated in the Greek capital, including Queen Letizia of Spain and King Felipe, who was the former Monarch’s nephew. The Spanish King and Queen are staying at the Hotel Grande Bretagne. Infantas Cristina and Elena are also attending as well as Don Juan Carlos, who landed in Greece on Sunday and is staying at the King George Hotel.   The former King's beloved sister, Queen Sofia, has been in Athens since January 5, when her brother was first hospitalised, and was seen looking clearly affected after the private funeral service had at the First Cemetery of Athens. His sister-in-law, Queen Margrethe of Denmark, was spotted arriving in Athens on January 15, smiling and waving at the crowds near her hotel, dressed in black. These famous faces will be joined by the King’s widow, Queen Anne-Marie of Denmark, as well as the new 55-year-old head of the former Royal Family, Crown Prince Pavlos, the couple’s eldest son, and second oldest child. King Philippe and Queen Mathilde of Belgium, the Netherlands’ Princess Beatrix and King Carl XVI Gustaf, and Queen Silvia of Sweden are also due to make an appearance. Almost 200 celebrities will also accompany the family and pay their respects. King Constantine was admitted to the private hospital, Hygeia Hospital, in the Grecian capital in early January and was reportedly treated in the intensive care unit as he was having breathing difficulties. READ MORE: Prince William's godfather Constantine, the last King of Greece dies  He was the last king of Greece as he was exiled in 1967 following the military “Colonel” coup having become Monarch just three years previously at the age of 23. Although he had attempted a counter-coup in December of that year, it was ultimately unsuccessful as he could not garner enough support. Initially, the family fled to Rome, Italy, before venturing to Copenhagen, Denmark, where they lived with Queen Ingrid, Queen Anne-Marie’s mother. London then became the former King’s home for most of his life in exile, living in a £10million house in Hampstead which he sold in 2013 when he then returned to Greece. DON'T MISS: NATO chief says more heavy weapons on way [REPORT]22-year-old man arrested over ‘drive by’ Euston shooting [LATEST]Meghan and Harry 'not welcome' at Los Angeles BAFTA party in new snub [INSIGHT]    He lived there for almost 50 years along with his wife, Princess Anne-Marie of Denmark, and their five children. The late ex-Monarch was a close friend of the now King Charles, his second cousin, who hosted Constantine’s 60th birthday at his and the Queen’s private residence, Highgrove, Gloucestershire. He was also Prince William’s godfather. Throughout the Nineties, Princess Diana was spotted dropping off both William and Prince Harry at the mansion for playdates. He was last seen in public in October of last year, eating with his wife and sisters in the centre of Athens.  