The rising cost of living has put a huge strain on the finances of households across the UK, meaning full renovations or even small home improvements isn’t a priority for many. However, a property expert has said home improvements can be carried out more easily than you think, and they don’t even have to cost a penny. Terry Fisher, from website We Buy Any Home, explained: “It’s natural to look around your home and wonder if it needs a makeover, or if you want to upgrade to a better place. “However, the finances of the country are being squeezed enormously and it simply isn’t possible for many people to improve to change as they want. “But that doesn’t mean some key changes are out of the question, as there are ways to freshen up the look and feel of your home without reaching into your pocket. “A positive difference can be made by simple things such as decluttering or even just rearranging the furniture.” READ MORE: Four ‘clever’ methods to ‘boost’ your home’s value Clearing a space from any clutter can help bring a sense of calm into the home as well as make it feel bigger than it originally felt. It can also be useful to rearrange the layout of a room, such as moving a bed around or switching a sofa to another side of the room. Terry added: “Perhaps you’re not using the space as efficiently as you can, so being smart about the layout can also make the room feel bigger or more comfortable.” Complete home makeovers can cost thousands of pounds when you take into account the cost of various different materials and labour. DON'T MISS:Brilliant ‘homemade fox repellent’ to keep animals out of your garden [COMMENT]‘Best’ product to clean oven racks without ‘scrubbing' [EXPLAINER]Kitchen pros share five ‘simple’ tips to save money on bills [INSIGHT] Working with materials which are already in the home can often be an easy solution to “scratch the itch” of wanting to mix things up inside the home. The property expert continued: “Repurposing fabrics for other uses, such as using old curtains to create cushion covers or to reupholster a chair, is an easy way to boost the look of a room. “Not only is it more environmentally friendly than sending unwanted lists to landfill, it can also save hundreds of pounds to make do and mend. “Little touches such as a new cushion cover can really make a room stand out and make it feel more inviting. READ MORE: Dry laundry with ‘brilliant’ sheet method - dries in ‘half the time’ Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Perhaps rethinking the purpose of each room is worthwhile, for example if a spare room can be used as a new office area or you can make space for a cosy reading nook.” If you do have a bit of spare cash, there are certain changes you can make which could potentially add value to your home if you were to ever sell it. According to the team at Your Overseas Home, touching up scratches as well as cleaning stainless steel and carpets can make a huge change. They explained: “You know when you moved that wardrobe two years ago and it marked the upstairs wall? It’s time to remedy that scratch with a stain-filled touch-up marker or for deeper marks, invest in some polyester filler before adding a fresh coat of paint.” Bathrooms and kitchens are often seen as the most important rooms in a home and it often makes or breaks a sale since they are already installed and harder to change. To make your kitchen and bathroom sparkle, the expert recommended picking up a bottle of stainless steel cleaner and using it on fixings to make them shine. They added: “Don’t forget your shower head either - descaling tablets are cheap as chips and work wonders in minutes.” Old and worn carpets don’t look great to prospective buyers and the thought of changing them could be daunting because it could be expensive. If you don’t have a carpet cleaner of your own, you can often hire them from a local store or supermarket for as little as £30 a day.