If you regularly use your oven, you probably know the struggle of cleaning it. As ovens consist of many parts that tend to become greasy over time, it is always helpful to know a solution that can ease up the oven cleaning routine. Even for owners of a self-cleaning oven, the oven racks still require old-fashioned cleaning, as they might get damaged from the self-cleaning function. While there are many cleaning products that you can easily find at your local supermarket, most of them are filled with dangerous chemicals that release harmful fumes. So, is there any way to clean oven racks naturally? According to Mrs Hinch’s fans there is. Taking to Mrs Hinch Cleaning tips Facebook page, one cleaning enthusiast has shared how she cleaned her oven racks with “minimum work” and “no harsh chemicals”. The Mrs Hinch fan also shared before and after pictures of the state of the oven racks. in the first picture the oven racks were dark brown and in the other they were completely spotless. Debbs Metcalfe said: “Oven rack cleaning! No harsh chemicals and minimum work. Hi, tried out this tip from Nancy Birtwistle (the GBBO winner) and it worked. READ MORE: Three ‘natural home remedies’ to ‘effectively’ get rid of bed bugs “It's really simple, put racks in with products, leave overnight, then rinse and sponge away. However to avoid tons of questions I've broken it down into steps below. “I have arthritis and cannot scrub or do repetitive movements and found this really worked on the majority of the racks, however more stubborn marks had to be scrubbed by husband, but for those with normal amount of build up, as opposed to long build up that we had, it should work without scrubbing.” Debbs noted that for those who don't have a big sink, they should use a storage box “like the one in pictures”. She added: “For easy emptying, put your box in the shower or bath.” To carry out this method households will need one to two dishwasher tablets, two cups of soda crystals and a squirt of washing up liquid. DON'T MISSFive paint colours to ‘avoid’ that make a house ‘look cheap’ [COMMENT]Stop condensation and mould with these eight ‘excellent’ houseplants [INSIGHT]February gardening jobs that ‘must’ be completed - what to prune [EXPERT] The cleaning enthusiast instructed: “At night put your racks in the box/sink and then put in the above products. “Then pour in hot water. Be careful if using boiling water from the kettle, mix with warm water so plastic doesn't melt. Make sure to cover racks completely with water. “Stir round contents, breaking up tablets if need be and remember rubber gloves. I put the cover back on the box to let steam build up.” Once the racks have been left sitting in the solution overnight, the next day, pour out water, run under tap or shower and rub any marks with a sponge, or more stubborn ones with a scourer. READ MORE: Mould will ‘vanish’ from bathroom sealant and grout with 95p spray Dishwasher tablets are made of concentrated dishwasher detergent and promise to cut through tough grease and leave your dishes sparkling, so it makes sense that those powerful cleaning agents work on oven grease and food stains as well. A pack of 30 dishwasher tablets can be purchased from Asda for £1.34. This works out as 5p per tablet. Britons can also buy the powder tablets from Wilko for a pack of 40 for £3. Soda crystals are also an effective ingredient for cleaning oven racks as it breaks down the grease, food proteins, and stains. This cleaning product can be picked up from Savers for £1.25, at Wilko for £1.50 and at Sainsbury’s for £1.70. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea One Mrs Hinch fan shared that she could get “maximum results from just using dishwasher tablets on its own in hot water". Siobhan McDermott wrote: “A client asked for tips or advice on how to clean her oven but especially the racks. I sent her this method. “Firstly wrap your racks in tin foil. Place in the bath with two dishwasher tablets and cover in hot water. Leave overnight. As you can see from her photos. Maximum result, minimum effort.” Angela Woods commented: “I did this today, it is fantastic! Will definitely be doing this again.”