Those who fall under the Chinese zodiac sign of the Horse will be born in one of the following years: 1954, 1966, 1978, 1990, 2002, 2014 and 2026. According to astrology, what can this sign expect from the upcoming 12 months? For Horse people, unfortunately, the year does not look like it will be plain sailing. The year 2023 may bring "conflict" with Tai Sui (the age star), which will "have a great impact on your fortunes". "This year will be full of ups and downs, and you'll need to be more careful in your work." However, this does not mean that 2023 will be a calamitous year, as with your continuous efforts, "you can get through this restless year smoothly". What does Horse's year look like in career, wealth, health and love? READ MORE: What each Chinese zodiac sign should avoid or risk bad luck  Career Horses, 2023 may shape up to be a difficult one career-wise, and it may very well be "turbulent" too. "There will be many villains affecting your life this year. Horses who are newcomers to the workplace this year, you need to be more careful and do not give opportunities to those who would sabotage your career." Those working in business may find themselves "subverted by villains". To avoid difficulty, "pay attention to detail" and take things "step by step". There is good news for Horses working in art, however - "as long as you seize the opportunity, you can achieve good results". Wealth According to astrology, there will be "great turbulence in your fortunes", including an "extremely unstable" income. "It will be easy for villains at work to affect your career, which will lead to ideas of ​​changing jobs. "Therefore, Horse people, you need to pay more attention to your words and deeds in the workplace this year, and do not disclose your personal details (passwords etc.) to others." As for investments, "you must do things on a sound basis, and don't think about making money by taking shortcuts". READ MORE: Chinese zodiac sign will be at the mercy of 'evil stars' in 2023  Love Thankfully, as opposed to your career and wealth trajectory, Horse's love life is set to be smooth sailing this year. In the coming 12 months, single Horses "will have a lot of luck in romantic encounters". As for married Horses, "this year will be very smooth for your marital development, and you can plan everything about your future in an orderly manner". To enhance the relationship even further, plan some excursions and trips together when you can. Health According to astrology, 2023 may bring with it some physical ailments. To avoid this, make sure to "have regular physical examinations, strengthen your exercise habits and improve your immunity". Avoid physical injury at work by taking things slow and steady, developing a healthy work and rest pattern, eating and sleeping on time, reported China Highlights.