 Ever since severing ties with the British monarchy, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been hard at work growing their brand. Over the past few years, the majority of their income has come from a series of highly lucrative collaborations with global media platforms, as well as a multi-book publishing deal. Within just the past few months, Meghan Markle’s podcast debuted on Spotify and the couple’s behind-the-scenes Netflix docuseries aired on Netflix. Looking forward, Prince Harry’s tell-all memoir is now set to hit shelves in just a few days' time.   On January 8, 2020, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex published a statement on Instagram declaring they were stepping down as senior working royals “to become financially independent”. Buckingham Palace confirmed the spilt just over a year later, adding that the pair would not “continue with the responsibilities and duties that come with a life of public service.” Prince Harry had previously received a salary as an army helicopter pilot, as well as an income from the royal purse, of which the lion’s share came from the Duchy of Cornwall – a portfolio of investments and property managed by his father, the then-Prince of Wales. For her part, alongside her film earnings, Meghan Markle reportedly netted $50,000 (£41,000) per episode of Suits – the popular US legal drama which ran for seven seasons. According to Celebrity Net Worth, the Duke of Sussex was worth between £20 and £30million at the time he was cut off from the Royal Family, while his wife was worth roughly £4million.   In October 2020, the couple founded Archewell Inc., a non-profit group encompassing their charitable foundation and two media offshoots: Archewell Audio and Archewell Productions. Soon thereafter Archewell Productions entered a multi-year development partnership with Netflix – set to include documentaries, feature films and children’s programming. An official statement from the pair at the time read: “Our focus will be on creating content that informs but also gives hope.” The overall deal was widely reported to have been worth $100million (£83million), although neither the streaming giant nor the Sussexes have confirmed the exact figure. The Duchess’s first project under the collaboration – Pearl, an “animated series that centres on the adventures of a 12-year-old girl who is inspired by influential women from history” – was scrapped early last year. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan 'hurt' as new Netflix show flops  In March 2021 the couple sat down for a bombshell interview with American talk show host and media mogul Oprah Winfrey in which they alleged “concerns” had been raised about the colour of their son Archie Harrison’s skin. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were not paid for the interview. Although broadcaster CBS reportedly paid $7million (£5.8million) for the licensing rights, this went to Ms Winfrey’s company Harpo Productions. Two years after signing on with Netflix, the former royals released Harry & Meghan, their hotly anticipated account of life within – and breaking away from – the Firm. The six-episode docuseries aired in two parts on December 8 and December 15, and contained a slew of bombshell allegations against the Royal Family, including accusations of racism, lying, bullying and planting stories in the British press. DON'T MISS:Gran, 92, asked to die after harrowing 33 hour wait on stretcher [REPORT]Gas prices drop to pre-Ukraine war level but households still burdened [INSIGHT]Poll shows two-thirds of UK support second Brexit vote – do you agree? [POLL]‘Healthy, nutritious and cheap’ Huel launches essentials range for £1 [REACTION]  In late 2020, Archewell Audio signed a deal with Spotify to host and produce podcasts and other content that “uplifts and entertains audiences around the world,” reportedly worth $25million (£21million). In August this year, Meghan Markle unveiled her first series, Archetypes, in which she sought to investigate the “labels that try to hold women back.” The 12-episode podcast saw the Duchess talk to the likes of Serena Williams, Mariah Carey, Judd Apatow and Mindy Kaling among others. Her husband instead appears to have focussed his efforts on written work. In July 2021 it was reported that Prince Harry had struck a lucrative multi-book contract for the couple with Penguin Random House. The Duke of Sussex’s tell-all memoir, Spare, is due for release on January 10 and is described as a “definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons that have helped shape him.”   Prince Harry was reportedly paid a $20million (£17million) advance, although the amount has been disputed. A spokesperson from the publisher at the time said that the royal planned to “support British charities with donations from his proceeds from Spare.” On Tuesday, in two trailers for his upcoming interviews to promote the book, the Duke of Sussex claimed that despite his desire to repair his relationship with the King and his brother, they were unwilling to do so. Last June, Meghan Markle also published The Bench, a children’s book telling the tale of the relationship between a father and his son from the perspective of the mother. According to The Sun, the Duchess was given a $700,000 (£580,000) advance for the book. She is also due to publish a wellness guide as part of the deal with Penguin Random House. 