Hob cleaning is sure to be no one’s favourite kitchen chore but it’s got to be done. A clean hob makes your kitchen more hygienic by keeping germs at bay, but it also helps to reduce the risk of fire by keeping the area around the gas burners immaculately clean. What’s more, a clean gas hob ensures an even heat distribution which elongates the lifespan of your pots and pans. Finally, odours from old or burnt on food can find their way into new dishes – and you really don’t want that to happen. While there are plenty of hob-cleaning products out there that claim to remove the toughest of stains, I decided to use one that combines the power of baking soda with a gorgeous scent. Often seen recommended on social media platforms, Fabulosa’s Bicab Cleaner Spray claims to “rapidly remove dirt and grease with the power of bicarbonate of soda”. Baking soda is non-toxic and remarkably effective for cleaning oven grease. Baking soda is alkaline, and hob grease made of food particles is typically acidic. Baking soda neutralises acids and breaks down the grease, allowing you to wipe it up without a lot of elbow grease. READ MORE: I used baking soda to clean my greasy air fryer - here’s the results It’s also a mild abrasive, so it works well at removing dried, stuck-on foods. In most cases, baking soda works its magic in just 15 minutes, however, by using this spray it only took five minutes. After the last three days of cooking on the hob, I decided to tackle the grease and food spillages that have been left behind. Firstly I began by switching the oven off at the mains to make sure I didn’t accidentally turn it on during cleaning. Please read your hob manufacturer’s cleaning guidance before attempting this method. DON'T MISSFour ‘top kitchen updates’ to ‘hasten’ house sales - and what to avoid [EXPERT]5 ‘must-have’ and ‘indestructible’ winter plants for ‘intense colour’ [INSIGHT]Three popular natural mice repellents that ‘certainly won’t’ work [TIPS] I then removed that pan supports from the hob and placed them to the side. Making a start on the hob, I sprayed the whole area down with the Bicarb Cleaner Spray and left it to sit for five minutes. In the meantime I wiped down the pan supports with the spray and a microfibre cleaning pad. Luckily they were not that filthy and the grease just wiped off immediately. After they were wiped down, I left them to dry and rinsed the microfibre pad out. Once the five minutes were up, I used the microfibre cleaning pads to wipe off the product. Whilst wiping the surfaces I noticed that the once stubborn stains were coming off immediately with no need to scrub at all. READ MORE: ‘Excellent natural cleaner’ that removes yellow stains from pillows The product glided off the hob, leaving a shiny clean surface free of any stains or food debris. Once the product had been wiped away, I then decided to go in with a dry microfibre cloth to just dry it all down. After cleaning using this product, my hob was not only left shiny but it smelled amazing too. There was no sticky residue left behind either after wiping down the hob, which usually happens with some cleaning sprays. The product can be purchased from Fabulosa’s website for £1. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Jennifer Sharpe, Chief Fragrance Officer at Fabulosa noted that it can remove tough grease from any hard surface. She said: “My go-to product for tackling tough dirt and grease on hard surfaces is Fabulosa's Bicarb Cleaner Spray, as this clever multi-surface spray uses the power of bicarbonate of soda to effectively lift grime within a matter of minutes. “I spray a generous amount directly onto the surface to be cleaned, then leave the product to do its work for around five minutes before wiping clean with a damp cloth to reveal a sparkling shine.” While households can choose to use just regular baking soda and water, this product isn’t abrasive like baking soda can be when mixed with water.