Tottenham's move for Sporting Lisbon full-back Pedro Porro has reportedly taken another twist. It is claimed Sporting now want Spurs to pay more than the player's release clause due to a technicality in his contract. Porro has been a top target for Tottenham throughout January. Antonio Conte has been desperate to strengthen at wing-back and the Spaniard is his first choice. Spurs have attempted to negotiate with Sporting in recent weeks. However, the Portuguese side have been determined to not sell for lower than the 23-year-old's release clause. Porro's clause sits at just under £40million (€45m). It appeared Spurs had finally decided to pay up and trigger the clause this week ahead of Tuesday's transfer deadline. But now there is a fresh twist to the saga. Spanish outlet AS claims paying the clause is now not deemed enough by Sporting. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  The report claims Sporting want more money from the Premier League side to let Porro leave this month. It is reported that a technicality in Porro's contract means Sporting have changed their stance. A deal this late in the window would leave little time for a replacement to be sourced. Spurs therefore may have to raise their offer in order to convince Sporting to sell. AS says that Tottenham remain determined to get a deal over the line. But Porro could be in action on Saturday against Porto in the Portuguese League Cup final. Tottenham made their first signing of the January window earlier this week. The north Londoners brought in Netherlands international Arnaut Danjuma on loan from Villarreal for the remainder of the season. DON'T MISSKlopp and Guardiola agreed on Saint-Maximin as Newcastle star looks to quitNewcastle target Maddison received 'concrete offer' with late move on cardsCaicedo 'responds to Arsenal bid' with private Brighton message  Spurs beat Everton to the forward's signature after he looked set to make the move to Goodison Park. But Conte does not want him to be the only arrival this month. Upon joining Tottenham, Danjuma said: "It's amazing to sign for Spurs. I'm very delighted to be here. "As soon as Tottenham came in for me, it was a no-brainer. It's a massive club with a brilliant coach. The facilities are obviously unbelievable so for me, it's been very exciting to be part of this team. "I'm really looking forward to working with the manager. He has so much experience and so for me it is a great opportunity to learn and be amongst the greats."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here