With temperatures dipping to -8°C this week in parts of the UK and two months of winter still ahead of us, condensation, mould and dampness within households are common occurrences made more difficult to handle in recent years with gas and electric bills continuously rising. It's a pretty prevalent problem at this time of year, and while condensation is simple to dismiss as an irritation, it can have negative effects on both the structure of your home and your health. Research shows that around 450,000 homes in England are believed to have condensation and mould problems. With this in mind, Cut Plastic Sheeting has shared “five easy hacks” to "prevent condensation in your home from leading to dampness and mould" - “all for under £5”. Increasing the ventilation in the home is important when it comes to how to stop condensation on windows. The aim is to allow the air in the room to move freely so the moist air is not trapped within a confined area. The experts advised: “Open all curtains and blinds when you get up in the morning. Condensation is more likely when there is moisture trapped between blinds or curtains and windows, especially in kitchens and bathrooms.” A trickle vent will also increase ventilation by allowing air to trickle into the home at a reasonable rate but doesn't make households experience a cold draught. READ MORE: Damp can cost up to £5,000 to repair - use ‘cheap £1’ item to fix It may sound surprising but having furniture too close to a wall can actually cause problems with damp. There needs to be enough room between furniture and walls so air can circulate. Sofas and large pieces of furniture pushed up against walls, especially exterior ones, can cause damp and mould. The pros said: “Keeping furniture in the same place for a long period of time, when it’s close to a cold surface, can prevent ventilation and lead to a build-up of condensation.” DON'T MISS‘Basic steps’ to follow when pruning wisteria for ‘healthy’ branches [EXPERT]Remove ‘stubborn’ oil stains from your driveway with 47p item [TIPS]Four ‘very costly’ home improvements to ‘avoid at all costs’ [INSIGHT] Known to dehydrate and absorb moisture, salt and baking soda are two cheap and effective ways to reduce moisture caused by condensation. The experts instructed: “Place rock salt by the window in a small bowl, as it has absorbent properties and will draw damp to it. “You can also do this using baking soda - as the baking soda absorbs moisture, you will see that it gradually becomes harder. When this happens you should replace it with fresh baking soda.” Baking soda can be purchased from Asda for 65p or at Wilko for £1.75. rock salt retails for 70p at Asda or for £1.25 at Sainsbury’s READ MORE: I used baking soda to remove stubborn limescale from my kettle You probably can recall the small packages of silica gel that are in shoe boxes, containers, or any other item that might collect moisture. Silica gel works great as a dehumidifier, and households can easily make one themselves to give the “best results” according to the professionals. They instructed: “All you’ll need to do is fill a jar with silica gel, cover it with a perforated lid (you can do this by piercing the lid with a screwdriver), and leave it by your window. “Replace the gel once every two weeks for best results. Alternatively, you can also use charcoal in the same way as it absorbs moisture from the air.” A pack of 25 silica gel sachets can be purchased for £2.95 from Amazon. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Just as cat litter pellets are designed to absorb pet excretions, they can also be used to absorb moisture from the air. Cat litter can be picked up from Waitrose for £2.20 and at Wilko for £4 The experts said: “Fill socks with cat litter, and place them near your window. As cat litter is made to soak up cat urine, it makes for a great absorbent substance. Change the socks monthly for best results.” In addition to the above hacks, secondary glazing is a “great way of improving the energy efficiency” of a building and “decreasing condensation” by adding an extra layer of glazing to existing windows, without breaking the bank. The pros explained: “Utilising a secondary glazing kit would cost the average UK household just £151.27 to install. This method allows for balanced airflow in the gap between the primary glass and the secondary glazed unit while providing an efficient internal seal. This seal prevents condensation from developing and keeps the inner glass from getting too cold.”