Kate is set to come under fire in Prince Harry's hotly-anticipated memoir, it has been claimed. A source with knowledge of the book said the Princess of Wales will get "a bit of a broadside" in the Duke of Sussex's book, titled Spare and released globally on January 10. The insider added that the tone will be "tough" on Harry's older brother Prince William and suggested their relationship may not ever recover. But the King escapes the brunt of the criticism in the memoir, ghostwritten by JR Moehringer, despite his fractured relationship with his son, according to the source. The insider told The Sunday Times: “Generally, I think the book [will be] worse for them than the Royal Family is expecting. Everything is laid bare. Charles comes out of it better than I had expected, but it’s tough on William, in particular, and even Kate gets a bit of a broadside. "There are these minute details, and a description of the fight between the brothers. I personally can’t see how Harry and William will be able to reconcile after this.” It comes after William was singled out for the most criticism in the Sussexes' recent Netflix series. During the six-hour TV marathon, Harry claimed the Prince of Wales "screamed and shouted" at him during a summit at Sandringham in January 2020 with the late Queen and Charles to resolve Megxit. He said: "It was terrifying to have my brother scream and shout at me and my father say things that just simply weren't true. And my grandmother, you know, quietly sit there and take it all in. "But you have to understand that, from the family's perspective, especially from hers, there are ways of doing things and her ultimate, sort of, mission, goal/responsibility is the institution." The Duke also claimed William's office Kensington Palace traded negative stories like his father's had in the past. Harry said it was "heartbreaking" to see something he and William promised they would "never ever do" after witnessing the fallout of such actions in Charles's office. He added: "William and I both saw what happened in our dad's office and we made an agreement that we would never let that happen to our office. "I would far rather get destroyed in the press than play along with this game or this business of trading, and to see my brother's office copy the very same thing that we promised the two of us would never ever do, that was heartbreaking." The royals will no doubt be bracing for the release of Spare - which has been billed as a book of "raw, unfliching honesty" and is published by Penguin Random House - in just 10 days. An earlier press release said: "Spare takes readers immediately back to one of the most searing images of the twentieth century: two young boys, two princes, walking behind their mother's coffin as the world watched in sorrow-and horror. "As Diana, Princess of Wales, was laid to rest, billions wondered what the princes must be thinking and feeling and how their lives would play out from that point on. "For Harry, this is his story at last. With its raw, unflinching honesty, Spare is a landmark publication full of insight, revelation, self-examination, and hard-won wisdom about the eternal power of love over grief." The Duke, who is living in California with Meghan Markle after quitting royal duties in 2020, will give two television interviews to promote his memoir - one in the UK and another across the pond. A representative for the Duke has been contacted for comment. 