Foxes can cause huge problems in the garden because they mark their territory with unpleasant scents and droppings. They can also raid waste and compost bins as well as dig up plants, flower beds and lawns looking for insects and worms. Whilst gardeners can prevent these animals entering their gardens altogether, there are certain measures to implement to try and prevent the damage. The team over at The Expert Gate Company have shared six tips on how to keep your garden looking prim and proper whilst keeping foxes out of the space. The experts explained: “The best way to protect your garden from foxes is to block access to your property. This can be done by installing fencing and a driveway gate, as well as checking for gaps or holes in the border of your property. “Your property doesn’t need to be a fortress, but having boundaries to protect access to your garden will help to keep foxes out. “Foxes are able to jump fairly high, so if you really want to keep foxes out of your garden, it’s a safe bet to invest in tall fences and gates. This can also help to keep cats and other animals out of your garden.” READ MORE: Four bathroom decor choices to avoid - can look ‘cheap’ and ‘messy’ Overgrown areas in your garden can be super attractive to foxes, as they provide shelter for the animal. However, if your garden is neatly trimmed back and well-maintained, it will certainly be less appealing for the animal. The experts recommended keeping the lawn short and hedges neat, as this will mean fewer places for a fox to hide out in the garden. They added: “However, try not to disturb other animals who may be resting there, such as hedgehogs.” Foxes, like many other animals, have a very strong sense of smell and will be attracted to the garden by the smell of food and crops. DON'T MISS:Dry laundry with ‘brilliant’ sheet method - dries in ‘half the time’ [COMMENT]10 DIY tips when painting to achieve a ‘professional finish’ [INSIGHT]Pruning in winter is ‘essential’ for garden plants to ‘thrive’ [EXPLAINER] In the same way that certain scents may attract them, others can also be used to “deter” foxes. The pros explained: “Commercial fox repellents are a simple solution, but caution should be exercised when reading the instructions, and you should try not to harm other wildlife. “A homemade fox repellent is to infuse boiling water with chilli peppers and garlic. Spray this mixture around your garden, and foxes will be less likely to pay you a visit.” Foxes will often enter gardens in search of food and scraps and will keep returning to that point if they do find any. This means it is important to keep any potential food sources out of reach from foxes. This could be animals, such as chickens and rabbits, bird food or fruit and vegetables which could be growing in the garden. READ MORE: Best washing machine setting for ‘significant’ savings The experts continued: “Be sure to keep outdoor animals in secure enclosures that stop your pets from escaping and prevent foxes from getting in. “Place bird feed in a high place that foxes won’t be able to reach, and create secure borders around any food that you’re growing.” Foxes love to rummage through bins, again to search for any food they can smell. Britons can prevent this by not leaving rubbish bins out in the open, and picking up any food waste on their property. The pros recommended keeping rubbish in large containers, such as waste and recycling bins, making sure to keep the lids fully closed. They added: “If foxes are still managing to get into your rubbish, consider tying the lids shut so that they can’t be accessed by wild animals. If the bin is too difficult to get into, a fox will most likely give up and look elsewhere.” The experts at The Expert Gate Company explained: “Because foxes often visit during the night, it’s difficult to scare them away yourself. So, getting your hands on some motion sensors can be a helpful way of warding off curious foxes that you don’t want in your garden. “Foxes don’t like to be disturbed, so sudden noises or lights will cause them to leave. Motion sensor lights are good for startling foxes, but make sure that they don’t disturb people sleeping in your home or surrounding houses.” Another option is motion sensor sprinklers, which use sudden spurts of water to startle foxes and deter them away from your garden. However, this could also scare other animals such as cats.