Rugby league talent Logan Holgate, who was tipped as a 'star of the future', has suddenly died aged just 18. Tributes have poured in after the sudden death of the hooker who was selected for the England Community Lions under-19s. The Rugby Football League (RFL) announced on Wednesday that the Cumbrian teenage had died suddenly. Salford Red Devils wrote on Twitter: "Everyone at Salford Red Devils are saddened to hear about the sudden passing of Logan Holgate. "Logan played for our U18s pathway alongside @hensingham_arl and was set to move up to the reserve team this season. Our thoughts are with his family and friends at such a sad time." The 18-year-old had been playing for Whitheaven-based Hensingham ARLC alongside the the Salford Red Devils pathway. The RFL also paid tribute to the talented youngster after he played for the England Community Lions under-19s. They added: "Everyone connected with the England Community Lions Programme was saddened to hear about the sudden passing of Logan Holgate on Wednesday, January 11. The talented hooker, who played with distinction for Hensingham, including in the melting pot of the National Conference last season, followed the family tradition in represent the Lions, hot on the heels of big brother Ellison and younger brother Fletcher. READ MORE: Dementia: Rugby accused of failing injured players as over 180 set to sue governing bodies    "Logan first caught attention in 2021 and made his Lions debut for the Under 16s in a victory over Wales at Colwyn Bay. Such was his burgeoning club form, that it wasn't long before he was firmly in the plans of the Under 19s selectors, firstly impressing in trials, before making the final touring squad that created history in Italy last September. "Whilst in Italy, he was a virtual ever present during the exhausting six game qualifying day, impressing team mates and staff alike with his work ethic, infectious attitude and quick humour. He then played superbly in the Semi Final and again in the Final as the Lions swept aside Wales before defeating France to win the Under 19 European Championships for the first time in dramatic and emotional scenes.  DON'T MISS: "He leaves a lasting legacy on the programme and staff - a brilliant young man and team mate. All our thoughts and condolences are with his family and friends at this devastating time." Holgate represented Hensingham ARLC at youth level, under-18s and at open age as part of his development in the sport. The club added: "“We are all devastated at the news and will continue to support the family as much as we can. RIP Logan.” 