A community has been left divided over immigration in the UK. While this hasn't been unusual in recent years, emotions have flared in the village of Cottingham in Yorkshire. At a gathering of 100 people, debate raged over the repurposing of accommodation previously used to house students attending the University of Hull. The fracas occurred in the Darby and Joan Memorial Club with the meeting being called by resident David Abram to discuss the accommodation, known as The Lawns, and its proposed new use. Mr Abram had decided it was time for the locals to come together to decide what to do rather than complain. However, the gathering unleashed fierce debate among those present with people raising concerns such as the strain on the local services and how many asylum seekers would be present in the accommodation. The impact on local services wasn't the only concern, others expressed worry about the welfare of the asylum seekers in question given the traumatic experiences they had gone through.READ MORE: Price crisis: British steel industry fumes at Sunak On the matter, Cottingham Councillor Helen Green said the plans were not a done deal, but she felt East Riding Council had been ignored by the Home Office when plans were being put together. Other buildings, such as Thwaite Hall, had also been considered as potential locations. It was reported by Hull Live that Robert Jenrick had lobbied university bosses to sell the site as part of the Government's search for alternative accommodation sites for asylum seekers. In the Commons, Mr Jenrick said: "It's unfair and appalling that we are spending £5.5million every day on using hotels to house asylum seekers. We must end this." Mr Jenrick added: "We will bring forward a range of alternative sites such as disused holiday parks, former student halls, and surplus military sites. We have already identified locations that could accommodate 10,000 people and are in active discussions to secure these and many more. "Our aim is to add thousands of places through this type of accommodation in the coming months at half the cost of hotels. At the same time, as we consulted on over the summer, the cheapest and fairest way to solve this problem is for all local authorities to take their fair share of asylum seekers in the private rental sector. "We will work to achieve this as quickly as possible." Mr Jenrick's comments come during the period where the Government has been under criticism for the way it has treated asylum seekers and those crossing the channel in small boats. In recent days there have been calls for a public inquiry into abuses at Manston asylum centre in Kent. A legal challenge has been laucnhed by Duncan Lewis solicitors amid claims ill-treatment of asylum seekrs was "systemic". One asylum seeker  who spoke to the Guardian said he was attacked by guards on November 8. He said: "Two of them slapped me on the shoulder. It was when TV news was filming outside the fence and I was speaking to journalists. After I spoke to the reporters they locked me in something like a bus for more than 12 hours in the freezing cold. I was healthy when I came to Manston but after 15 days there I contracted diphtheria and spent a week in hospital." Legal access manage for charity Care4Calais Hannah Marwood said: "The use of physical violence against vulnerable people in what is a UK government run facility is deeply shocking. These incidents indicate wider systemic issues and need to be investigated"