Arsenal sporting director Edu may need to auction off peripheral players to raise transfer funds and make room on the wage bill ahead of a swoop for Declan Rice this summer. The Gunners' plans for a proposal are currently unknown, but a £200,000-a-week contract putting him in line with the club's top earners for the next five years, coupled with the touted £100million fee, would land them with a hefty £152m final bill. With that in mind, Express Sport takes you through five players who could make way... The tricky winger was seen as a huge coup when Arsenal signed him from Lille in 2019, putting pen to paper on a bumper £72m deal. Things haven't worked out, however, and Pepe notched one Premier League goal last campaign before joining OGC Nice on a season-long loan this term. Out in France, the 27-year-old has rediscovered his scoring touch with eight in 22 matches. Arsenal would likely take a heavy hit on the fee they paid if they sell him on this summer, but with his contract due to expire in 2024, it would at least allow them to bank something, not to mention the £7.2m in annual salary wiped from the wage bill. READ MORE: Chelsea still have Thiago Silva problem despite 'agreeing new deal' The Portuguese international has been nothing more than a bit-part player since ditching Southampton for the Emirates in 2020. Ben White and Takehiro Tomiyasu are both firmly ahead in the right-back pecking order, meaning he is easily expendable to manager Mikel Arteta. Cedric is poised to join Fulham on loan before Tuesday's transfer deadline and it could pave the way for a permanent exit at the end of the season. Like Pepe, his Arsenal contract runs until 2024 so getting rid of him in the summer would save the club a hefty £3.9m in wages. DON'T MISS...Man Utd discover price to sign Dumfries immediately as agent flies inChelsea see Gusto transfer hopes dashed as Lyon chief issues statementEverton 'consider bid' for Marko Arnautovic after Man Utd near-miss The Belgian arrived in north London back in 2021 with a solid reputation from his time at Anderlecht. The defensive-minded midfielder was even capped at senior level, but a sore lack of football with the Gunners has seen him drop out of international contention and slip down the pecking order under Arteta. Granit Xhaka, Martin Odegaard and Thomas Partey are the nailed-on starting trio this term, with Mohamed Elneny next in line. The Gunners are supposedly looking to bring in another midfielder before the end of the window, however, with a £60m bid lodged for Brighton's Moises Caicedo. As such, Edu may as well save the cash and find a new club, whether permanent or on loan, for Sambi Lokonga, who banks £2.7m per season in wages. Prospects of the Spaniard playing regular football at the Emirates appear extremely slim. William Saliba and Gabriel Magalhaes have formed a formidable partnership this campaign, while Rob Holding and new signing Jakub Kiwior are presumed to be third and fourth choice. Mari has spent this season on loan at Monza, who will be obliged to buy him outright for a reported £6m if they survive in Serie A. Currently 10 points clear of relegation danger, the Gunners stand a good chance of seeing the deal go through, which would bank them a tidy transfer fee and save them £4.4m per year in wages. Signed from Benfica in 2021, Tavares looked exciting on the ball but shaky in defence when given opportunities by Arteta. He has shown remarkable promise on loan at Marseille this season, where he has scored five Ligue 1 goals from left wing-back. Contracted to the Emirates until 2025, Arsenal could net themselves a healthy transfer fee if they decide to put the 23-year-old in the shop window this summer. Tavares also earns a reported £1.4m per season, which will free up extra money to put together an enticing offer for West Ham captain Rice.