There are a number of quirky interior design trends which have become popular over the last year, many of which have become all the rage on social media platforms. However, Canadian interior designer Nick Lewis has warned some of them may not be here to stay. In a video posted for his audience of 168.7K followers on TikTok page @nicktalksdesign, the interior expert highlighted three key “2022 interior design trends” he doesn’t think “will last”. Nick said: “ Peering into my crystal ball is never easy but let’s give it a go.” Firstly, he discussed the trend of brightly coloured plaster walls, which are typically created by painting over the roughly plastered surface. Plaster began to have a resurgence in 2019, with interior designers paying homage to nature and earthy elements. Nick explained: “The really brightly coloured ones are sort of giving me 90s textured wall that I think will look really dated very soon. Something about the texture on the bright walls really shows contrast and I think it will date very quickly.” READ MORE: Five mistakes to avoid when painting with dark colours However, this doesn’t mean all variations of the trend are set to become extinct. He added: “I have higher hopes for those really creamy neutral walls that make your home look like a sun-baked villa.” The second trend Nick expects to go out of fashion impacts kitchens and bathrooms in particular. “One trend in interior design is to use the same material over and over again,” he explained. “What a lot of high-end designers are doing is putting marble on the floor, on the ceiling and on all of the walls. Sort of like a marble coffin if you will.” While the trend first came into vogue for minimalist, modern homes, typically paired with white cabinetry and neutral palettes, a hunger for brighter hues means that many designers have branched out into coupling the luxe trend with bolder colour palettes. While it may be on trend now, Nick warns it could rapidly decline in popularity. DON'T MISSSeven houseplants that remove dust and toxins from the air [EXPLAINER]Estate agent on the kitchen trend making a ‘big comeback’ [COMMENT]Mum's method for 'fluffy, fresh-smelling towels' [INSIGHT] “I think this is looking very over the top and quite ostentatious,” he said. “Marble is beautiful but I think this is an example where you can have too much of a good thing.” Finally, he draws attention to the lounge area, where sofas have become an eye-catching centrepiece. Nick believes the trend of “cooky couches” could be on the decline. From kidney bean designs to those which wouldn’t look out of place in a mid-century Los Angeles home, eye-catching couches have popped up across social media design accounts over the last few years. But while these brightly coloured furniture items often come with a high price tag, Nick warns they could be an investment people will soon get “bored” of. “These are everywhere right now,” he said. “ But I just don’t think some of them are practical or particularly timeless. “This will be a statement to put in rich people’s houses for a while until they get sick of them and then they will go away for another 20 years.” Paint companies and interior design experts have predicted the top paint colours they think will be on trend for the year. Viva Magenta was announced as the Pantone Colour of the Year for 2023. Pantone said: “Viva Magenta is brave and fearless, and a pulsating colour whose exuberance promotes a joyous and optimistic celebration, writing a new narrative. This year's Colour of the Year is powerful and empowering.” Paint manufacturing company Benjamin Moore announced its Colour of the Year as Raspberry Blush. The fiery red-orange shade which has been likened to that of a sunset. “We've had colours that are on the cooler side of the colour wheel for a number of years, and now we're really starting to see a shift to the warmer colours,” said Andrea Magno, colour marketing and development director at Benjamin Moore. Experts from Lick also suggest that some neutrals will remain on trend, although they recommend pairing these with earthy shades of oranges, greens and even teal. Lick trend expert Matlida Martin commented: “We predict that in 2023, people will be gravitating toward a nature-inspired colour scheme of grounding neutrals, paired with earthy oranges, rich greens and mentally stimulating teals.”