Following the news Amazon Prime Video have cut ties with Jeremy Clarkson after his column in The Sun about Meghan Markle, Richard Hammond has recalled the time he lost his job on Top Gear. He explained his daughter humiliated him and James May in KFC when she joked they'd lost their £500,000 salary due to Clarkson. Car enthusiast Richard relived the moment his daughter had KFC customers in hysterics after aiming a brutal jibe at him over his career. March 2015 saw Clarkson suspended after he launched an "unprovoked physical attack" on the show's producer, Oisin Tymon. In support of Jeremy, James and Richard also chose to leave the series when Clarkson's contract wasn't renewed weeks later. Recalling the incident on Fuelling Around, Richard commented: "I was looking at my house thinking, 'This is going to get expensive to run really,' and looking at my two girls in their nice private school uniforms - 'Oooh, this is all going to really to hurt.'" READ MORE: Here's where the original Keeping Up Appearances cast is now He continued: "So we sat them down, Mindy and I, and said, 'Right guys, you need to know, I know people have mentioned it at school but my job’s gone and that’s where the money comes from. We haven’t got a money tree in the garden.' "So we were very honest with them and we told them that, 'I need to find something else to do now or things could have to change. "I don’t want to worry you guys, we’ll all be fine.' Richard added: "I wanted them to learn that money has to be got. "It doesn’t just arrive, although it arrived pretty bl**** easily for me, let’s be honest, but nevertheless I had to do something for it. "My eldest daughter Izzy really took that on board. After we finished the show James had come over to stay with me for a few days. "We’d gone to Kentucky Fried Chicken to get lunch for everyone with Izzy. "We got to the front of the queue, put our order in, and James typically said, 'Oh, oh, I’ll pay Hammond,' and I said, ‘No, no mate, I’ll pay,’ and he said, ‘no, no, no I’ll pay.' DON'T MISS... BBC's This Farming Life star killed by cow in horror accident [LATEST]Alan Carr and Amanda Holden detail boozy night out with '4,000 people' [EXCLUSIVE]Jackie Stewart's wife ‘can no longer walk’ as he gives dementia update [VIDEO] "And there was a pause, just when the whole restaurant had gone quiet, and Izzy said, ‘Well technically lads, I should pay as you haven’t got a job between you.' "And the place detonated with laughter. She obviously then thought, ‘this is the best game.' "So subsequently, at the end of the queue in Morrisons, as I was waiting to pay she would say very loudly, ‘Daddy, daddy, so when does your credit card stop working?' and I’d go, 'Oh, for God’s sake,' and again a whole store of people were in hysterics." Hammond reportedly doubled his £500,000-a-year Beeb salary when The Grand Tour hit Prime’s streaming service in November 2016. The first episode of season five aired in September 2022 with the next instalments likely to be broadcast this year. It was reported Amazon Prime Video terminated its relationship with Clarkson, axing both of his shows. It's understood the streaming platform will still air the already-commissioned series of the two popular shows, but cancelled any further plans to work with Clarkson after 2024. Listen to the full episode with Richard Hammond on Fuelling Around, powered by Adrian Flux, one of the UK’s largest specialist motor insurance brokers, covering everything from classic and vintage cars to modified sports cars, on Spotify now. Fans can also watch the full episode on YouTube.