Princess Amalia is currently on her first royal tour and has almost instantly adapted to her new responsibilities with aplomb. The Princess is accompanying her parents King Willem-Alexander and Queen Maxima, on a ten-day tour of the Dutch Caribbean.  Starting on Saturday, the Princess had a hectic first three days on tour. On their Instagram account, the Dutch royals explained that the purpose of the visit was to introduce the future Queen to the Caribbean part of the Dutch kingdom. They said: "The visit is all about the introduction of the Princess of Orange to the Caribbean part of the Kingdom. "They visit Bonaire, Aruba, Curaçao, Sint Maarten, Sint Eustatius and Saba in succession.  "During the trip, culture, nature, colonial past, defence efforts, sports and encounters with residents are centred." The tour began on the island of Bonaire, with the royals meeting Lieutenant Governor Edison Rijna. They also danced with local performers at Cultural Park Mangazina di Rei. The royals also learnt about Bonnaire's dark history by visiting a art installation which represented the huts slaves were forced to live in when they were working in the salt pans.  READ MORE: Prince Harry 'wants to win' in coronation negotiations Having spent Saturday and Sunday in Bonaire, the royals then headed to Aruba. When they arrived the King inspected the guard of honour. On the way to the Parliament the family enjoyed a walkabout shaking hands and chatting with locals. They had lunch with the Prime Minister and other members if the cabinet following their arrival.  DON'T MISS: Prince Harry dubbed Meghan's 'third child' as experts poke fun at Duke [REVEAL] King Charles asked Archbishop for a deal allowing Harry and Meghan ...[INSIGHT]Prince Andrew in dig at Prince Harry over Eugenie's wedding guests [SPOTLIGHT] The Princess then spent the afternoon with her parents in San Nicolas, visiting the Aruba Art Fair and meeting local artists. They also enjoyed street performances by dancers and other performers. So far the Princess of Orange is taking an active part in engagements and is getting to know people on the tour. 