Confidence is the lifeblood of an economy and we need him to be much more positive about the UK’s great capacity for jobs-generating growth. Treasury mandarins will mutter in his ear that he should avoid expressions of optimism for fear of fuelling demands for tax cuts. But a Chancellor should not be a bean counter but a champion of our innovators, investors, scientists, merchants and workers who daily strive for success. Right now, we need a Chancellor who has more of the spirit of Ian Botham than Geoffrey Boycott. When he takes the podium at Bloomberg’s headquarters today, he should ask himself: “What would Beefy do?” Sneering establishment figures who are devoid of entrepreneurial imagination talk Britain down and choke off the optimism upon which prosperity depends. The vital mission of levelling up will fail if the economy remains in the doldrums. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the subsequent hike in energy prices and inflation stymied the post-pandemic recovery but there are clear opportunities to create jobs and transform our towns and cities. The pursuit of growth is a moral good and a strategic necessity. It is time to get into the fast lane.  More than one in four people no longer have the option of going to a high street bank. Devastating closures mean 18.7million people cannot use a local branch. Experts have warned that all local banks could vanish within four years. This would be a disaster. We launched our Save Our High Street Bank campaign because over-the-counter services must not be allowed to vanish. There are times when all of us want to speak to someone face to face about money – and head honchos must remember not everybody has access to internet banking. Banks closed at a rate of around 54 a month between 2015 and 2023, dealing a cruel blow to our high streets. If banks want to retain the trust and goodwill of customers, they must ensure they have well-trained staff who consider it an honour to serve communities with diligence and integrity. Husbands and wives across the country critique their packing skills – and the Royals are no different. The Princess of Wales teased the future king about his loading of a supermarket trolley, with William admitting it was “a bit of a mess”. The duo bantered happily as they packed parcels at Windsor Christian Action’s food bank. They have reminded the nation that while the cost-of-living crisis affects us all, it has pushed some people into truly dire straits.