Limescale and hard water marks are common culprits when it comes to a stained toilet bowl, especially for those living in areas with extremely mineral-rich water supplies. However, mum-of-one Lindsay Turford has a “quick and easy” solution to dissolving this build-up. Lindsay has found growing success sharing her cleaning tips and tricks online, amassing 10,000 followers on her page @dazlincleaning in its first two months. Since then, her following has grown to 78.4K followers. She explained how the key to combatting stubborn stains is to find a substance to counteract them. “For a quick and easy solution, use cola,” she told Express.co.uk. Although it might sound bizarre, using cola to combat limescale isn’t a new-found idea, and is frequently recommended online and by cleaning experts. Cola derives some of its tangy taste from phosphoric acid, but it's this acid that can also tackle the calcium carbonate which makes up limescale. An expert from Halcyan Water Conditioners explained: "Calcium carbonate is, like all metal carbonates, a base. This means that it produces an acid-base reaction when exposed to an acid. READ MORE: ‘Ideal temperature’ to avoid condensation, damp and mould in your home "Most descaling chemicals use this and are acidic in nature. Since acids essentially dissolve the hard deposits of limescale it stands to reason then that cola could work as a descaler." Cola works in a similar way to other acids, including white vinegar or the citric acid found in lemon juice, however, it does not contain any bacteria-killing agents meaning you’d need to give your toilet a good clean after use. The sugar content of cola may also leave a sticky residue if not wiped down. Lindsay explained: “Simply pour it in, let it sit for a few minutes, then pop on your bathroom gloves." Lindsay, who works in partnership with cleaning brand Marigold, recommends the Longer Bathroom Gloves which she explains "have extra-long cuffs for extra protection and special roll-top cuffs, so the gloves don’t roll down in use meaning you’re protected from even the grimiest of jobs." DON'T MISSTurn white shirts 'bright again' and 'as good as new' with simple hack [EXPLAINER]How to clean a headboard - the 3 steps [INSIGHT]Hand washing tip to transform 'gross' yellow pillows [COMMENT] Next, give your toilet a "quick scrub" using a toilet brush and you should notice the limescale stains beginning to dissolve.  As a final step, you should clean your toilet as you usually would using toilet cleaner or bleach to ensure no germs or bacteria remain. As experts from Halcyan Water state, while cola certainly works to dissolve limescale and hard water marks, they believe it's not the best option for cleaning. The experts from Halcyan Water Conditioners said: "Whilst cola has the ingredients that allow it to dissolve limescale deposits it also has a high sugar content meaning you will need to clean any surfaces you’ve used the cola on a second time to remove the sticky, sugar residue on those surfaces." Instead, they recommend trying white vinegar. They explained: "White vinegar is better not only because it doesn’t leave a residue but it is also more acidic than cola and will clear those stubborn limescale deposits much more quickly." The acidity of white vinegar can similarly break down the calcium carbonate which makes up limescale. Begin by filling a spray bottle with undiluted white vinegar and spritzing it over the affected area. You should leave the vinegar for between five and 10 minutes to get to work. The more stubborn of a build-up you are tackling, the longer the vinegar may need to be left in order to work. Next, it's time to apply a little elbow grease. Using your toilet brush, scrub around the areas covered with limescale.