These three easy exercises target the lower body and are a great option for women during menopause as fat tends to accumulate around the legs and glutes. If practised every day, the five-minute routine can massively help women lose weight faster. However, in order to slim down, people need to be on a calorie deficit first, meaning they need to consume fewer calories than they burn or less than 2,000 calories a day. Trainers at the health, fitness and wellbeing app P3RFORM explained that "ideally, we want this to be done as quick as possible but if you need a breather on any movement then take five to 10 seconds to catch your breath and get straight back into it". "Do three rounds and take a minute to recover before starting again for the second round," they recommended. This routine can be practised between three to five times a week but for better and faster results, it can be performed every day. READ MORE: Best protein powder for women 2023: Clear, whey, vegan and more  Bridges are a great glute activation exercise that tones the muscles, the core and the legs, and interestingly, the bridge also helps to reduce lower back pain.  The squat is one of the best ways to build muscle strength and burn fat. Add kettlebells or weights for a more challenging practice. READ MORE: 'Fabulous' at 64: Woman drops 5 stone with 'very easy' diet Lunges are a great exercise to practice during menopause as they build up strength and tone the body, especially the core, butt and legs.  Celebrity trainer Michael Fireman said that it is "easy to do resistance training anywhere" and it "doesn’t have to happen in the gym". He advised women can add free weights or resistance bands to this routine to make it more challenging. This workout routine can be extended and be performed "for 15 minutes, three to five times per week" for better results, he suggested. The personal trainer commented that it is very easy for women to follow this workout routine on a daily basis while doing other chores at home. For instance, you can watch TV, listen to music or to your favourite audiobook while performing these.