Ricky Gervais is known for the brutal jibes he aimed at his celebrity peers when he hosted the Golden Globes from 2010 to 2012, again in 2016, and for the final time in 2020. “Looking at all the wonderful faces here,” Ricky declared in 2010, “reminds me of the great work that’s been done this year – by cosmetic surgeons.” Ricky’s humour, needless to say, didn’t always go down well in the room. Jennifer Lopez – whom he lampooned for passing herself off as authentically “street” – claimed to have confronted Gervais backstage. And Mel Gibson jokingly – but perhaps not that jokingly – threatened to knock him out in 2016. Ricky's devastating insight was that we don’t tune in to award ceremonies to see celebrities succeed. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood accused of ‘road rage’ after ‘bugbear’ admission We watch the awards in the hope of catching the peeling plaster of an Oscar loser’s smile or when Will Smith slapped Chris Rock at the Oscars last year. Ricky is both the perfect annual award host and is also the reason he will probably not be handed the Golden Globes gig again. His harshest Golden Globes insults began in 2010 when he took aim at Mel Gibson who has dealt with alcohol addiction in the past. Ricky said: “I like a drink as much as the next man. Unless the next man is Mel Gibson.” He next took a swing at UN ambassador, Angelina Jolie, known for adopting children from countries across the globe, cheekily stating, “actors aren’t just loved here in Hollywood, they are loved the world over. “You could be in the third world and get a glimpse of a Hollywood star and it could make you feel a little bit better. You could be a little Asian child with no possessions and no money. “But you could see a picture of Angelina Jolie and you’d think, ‘Mummy!’” Not only did the comedian hit out at celebrities but he also slammed the Golden Globe ceremony organisers. DONT MISS:Carol Vorderman says she has 'five special friends' in dating insight (PHOTOS)Amanda Holden in eye-popping display as she braves rain in mini skirt (NEWS)Emmerdale's Paddy teases what is to come in 'messy fall out' with Chas (LATEST) He said: “One thing that can’t be bought is a Golden Globe… officially. But if you were to buy one, the man to see would be [HFPA head] Philip Berk.” Not wanting to tame down his act, Ricky continued to hit out at A-list stars again in 2011. Taking aim at former party boy Charlie Sheen he joked: “It's gonna be a night of partying and heavy drinking. Or as Charlie calls it: breakfast. “So, let’s get this straight: what he did was, he picked up a porn star, paid her to have dinner with him, introduced her to his ex-wife, as you do, went to a hotel, got drunk, got naked, trashed the place while she was locked in a cupboard… and that was a Monday. For his last stint of hosting the Golden Globes in 2020, Ricky decided to go out with a massive bang, leaving no stone unturned. He started by discussing Hollywood links to the late convicted paedophile Jefferey Epstein. Ricky remarked: “In the end, he obviously didn't kill himself. Just like Jeffrey Epstein. I know he's your friend, but I don't care.” He also roasted his comedic rival James Corden by saying: “The world got to see James Corden as a fat p****y. He was also in the movie Cats, but no one saw that.” Comedian Jerrod Carmichael is hosting the awards that begin at 1am UK time. UK viewers can stream the ceremony on Peacock, which is available on Sky and NOW