Liam Smith overcame early frustration to drop and stop Chris Eubank Jr in the fourth round. Prior to this evening, the Brighton boxer had never touched the canvas as a professional but was savagely knocked out at the AO Arena in Manchester. A cagey opener saw Eubank Jr establish a sharp jab while Smith looked to capitalize with a counter right hand over the top that tagged the Brighton boxer on occasion. In the second, Smith began to cut off the ring more and apply the much-needed pressure. Yet Eubank Jr remained composed, circling the ring and landing little potshots to tempt Smith into opening up. Smith became a stationary target in round three as he attempted to slip and counter, allowing Eubank Jr to whip the right uppercut between the Liverpudlian’s guard. Then, in the fourth, Smith landed a solid left hook that wobbled Eubank Jr as he slumped into the corner after some stiff follow-up shots. The 33-year-old made his way to his feet but struggled to maintain his balance, staggering around the ring. The fight could have been called there but the referee chose to restart the action and when he did Smith instantly landed a huge overhand right that sent Eubank Jr tumbling forwards, holding on for dear life. As the fight was waved off the AO Arena burst into a cacophony of noise with Smith hoisted up - his hands raised aloft. Leading up to the contest, there had been a lot of bad blood with both men's conduct coming 'under consideration' from the board after a fiery press conference that went too far. But thankfully, post-fight, both men showed respect to each other as they embraced in the center of the ring. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury renews interest in blockbuster 'cage match' with Ngannou Paul advised to 'swerve' Fury despite being considered 'big favourite' Fury boxing 'Paris-sized' Usyk as Brit told wife has bigger shoulders Eubank Jr was escorted out of the arena quickly after the defeat but not before showing immense class in congratulating his rival. "Listen, big congratulations to him," he said. "I felt like I could have gone on but he caught me with a great shot. The build-up was the build-up, it got a bit ugly in the end, I regretted that and I respect you and I respect your family. I will return. "If the fans want a rematch we can get it on at Anfield but big respect man, I appreciate it." Eubank Jr is understood to have a rematch clause in the contract and is looking likely to exercise it judging from his words in the aftermath. When asked about the rematch, Smith added: "If Chris wants the rematch, I agreed to the rematch clause so that's down to Chris and Chris' team. If not, then we move on but I'm in a very good position now at 160 and 154 so in the next month or two we've got big decisions to make."  