Save The Asian Elephants (STAE), supported by numerous friends of all ethnicities, religions, backgrounds and politics, and the public presented the world’s largest-ever petition for an animal species to the Prime Minister at 10 Downing Street, backed by a letter from scores of Parliamentarians across all divides. Nearly 1.2 million petitioners are demanding an end to advertising in the UK of “attractions” in SE Asia and beyond where endangered Asian elephants and their babies are violently coerced, often killed, to break them for easy use in tourism. Around 1,200 UK-based travel companies are today advertising such venues. Hundreds of tourists have been killed and maimed by elephants provoked by violence. Ask Helen Costigan, amongst the legions supporting STAE yesterday. Her sister Andrea, a student nurse aged 20, died in Helen’s arms after a frenzied attack by an abused elephant in the show arena at Nong Nooch Village Garden in Thailand. This resort is now more brutal and deadly than ever - I visited it with the Express last month. Shockingly it is promoted today by 120 UK-based businesses. It is just one of 1,200 such places. Asian elephants in the wild are majestic in stature, magnetic in presence, noble, retiring creatures, a wondrous spectacle of Nature, hailed by conservationists as a “superkeystone species”. Their role as “mega gardeners of the forests” is unique and precious. By their natural actions they nourish and sustain the forests on which all species rely, man included. Complex and familial, they protect each other and often other species, such as plunging into a fast-moving river to save a drowning man.  But cruelly stolen into captivity for ruthless exploitation baby elephants face a tragic rite of passage – months of isolation, starvation, stabbings, to break them by pain and terror to bend to man’s every demand – riding, football, darts, enormous enforced marches to brutal festivals, a life of daily cruelty, injury and despair. Above all, I recall the screaming and crying of the babies broken, often killed, in front of their mothers. Some mothers crush their newborns underfoot immediately after birth to spare them such a tragic life. Asian elephant numbers have collapsed from millions to barely 40,000. They now stand on a fragile precipice, at risk of ending soon their long journey on Earth. Self-regulation by the travel industry has failed over decades. The compulsion of law is needed, to end UK advertising of brutal overseas venues in favour of safe, ethical tourism – as repeatedly promised by recent governments, without result. By allowing this gruesome and growing market, Britain risks its proud standing as supreme animal lovers sinking into a mire of greed and exploitation. Political will is needed to end this shameful role. Government - listen and act, now. Honour the many promises made to STAE and now to the country. An election is coming. Voters, like elephants, have long memories. 