Joe Biden's Republican rivals smell blood after three batches of classified documents were discovered at his private addresses. An official investigation has been launched into the President's handling of of sensitive files after papers were recovered from his home in Wilmington, Delaware, and in a private office. This comes just a few months after an investigation was launched into predecessor Donald Trump's handling of official papers - a situation Biden labelled "irresponsible". Here's a deep dive into the implications, differences with Trump's probe and a timelime. Legally Biden might be on safe terrain. Mishandling classified documents is a serious matter but if Biden did not unlawfully take the sensitive documents and deliberately conceal them, it might not be a criminal offence, according to former US attorney Bar McQuade. The White House also says Biden's team were quick to hand over the sensitive documents. “We have co-operated closely with the justice department throughout its review, and we will continue that co-operation with the special counsel,” Richard Sauber, special counsel to the President, said on Thursday. “We are confident that a thorough review will show that these documents were inadvertently misplaced, and the president and his lawyers acted promptly upon discovery of this mistake.” READ MORE: Biden's luck 'has run out' as new files discovery cracks protection wall around POTUS Nonetheless, the political headwind caused by the disclosure may prove insurmountable. Which leads to the next point. How the scandal compares to Trump's possession of classified documents. The Republican party is fuming, with Biden called out for labelling Trump "irresponsible" after more than 300 classified documents were found in Mar-a-Lago. This relates to a federal criminal investigation into Trump’s unauthorised possession of government records at his Florida estate dating back to his time in the White House. However, there are "important differences" between the two cases, noted former US attorney McQuade. DON'T MISSOne dead and four injured after shooting outside club [REPORT]Man found alive after two days 'at bottom of sea' [INSIGHT]Idaho murder suspect's social media posts show lack of empathy [LATEST] "Mishandling classified documents is a serious matter. Refusing to return classified documents and obstructing justice are criminal matters," said McQuade in an interview with MSNBC. Unlike Biden, the documents seized from Trump's Mar-a-Lago residence were found as part of a probe into whether Trump mishandled presidential records, following his alleged failure to hand all of the required documents over to the National Archives and Records Administration after vacating the Oval Office. Scale also matters. A "small number" of documents are said to have been found at Biden's addresses - much less than the more than 300 recovered at Mar-a-Lago. On November 2, 2022 - On the eve of the midterm elections, Biden's personal lawyers "unexpectedly discovered" documents with classified markings at the Penn Biden Center for Diplomacy and Global Engagement, a Washington think tank. November 4, 2022 - The National Archives' Office of Inspector General tells a prosecutor at the DOJ that it had been notified by White House counsel that documents with classification markings had been identified at the Penn Biden Center. That office was not authorised for storage of classified documents. November 9, 2022 – The FBI commences an assessment to understand whether classified information had been mishandled in violation of federal law. November 10, 2022 – The Justice Department notifies Biden's attorneys that it had begun an assessment of the classified documents, and according to attorney Bob Bauer, Biden's legal team "were in regular contact" with the DOJ from this point. November 14, 2022 – US Attorney John Lausch is assigned to conduct an initial investigation to inform the attorney general’s decision about whether to appoint a special counsel. December 20, 2022 – President Biden's personal counsel informs Lausch that additional documents with classification markings from Biden’s time as Vice President had been identified in the garage of Biden’s private residence in Wilmington, Delaware. The FBI goes to the location and secures those documents. Dec. 21 – The DOJ takes possession of the documents found in Biden's garage, according to Bauer. Jan. 5, 2023 – Mr Lausch briefs Attorney General Merrick Garland on the results of his initial investigation and advises him that further investigation by a special counsel is warranted. Jan. 9, 2023 – The first news reports break that DOJ is investigating classified documents discovered at the Penn Biden Center. Jan. 10, 2023 – President Joe Biden addresses the matter for the first time on Tuesday and says he was "surprised" to learn about classified documents and is cooperating fully with the Justice Department's review. Jan. 11, 2023 – Biden's attorneys search his two Delaware houses for other records, and find a page marked classified that was stored in a garage in the Wilmington house. After finding one page of classified material, the DoJ was notified, according to Bauer. Biden's attorneys then searched the Rehoboth Beach house, but said they did not find any classified materials. Jan.12, 2023 – Biden holds a press conference in which he says the second batch were found safely stored in his garage where he keeps his prized car, a corvette. Biden was asked how classified documents could be left "next to your corvette". He responded: "By the way, my corvette is in a locked garage, OK? So it's not like it's sitting out in the street." The President then confirmed again, when prompted, that the documents were in a locked garage "as well as my corvette". He added: "But as I said earlier this week, people know that I take classified documents and classified material seriously." A special counsel investigation is launched.   Jan.15, 2023 - It is revealed that more classified documents have been found at Biden's home. A statement by White House lawyer Richard Sauber said the files were found after the discovery of a document in the President's garage.