CBS hit drama NCIS Hawaii returned with Jane Tennant (played by Vanessa Lachey) forced to stay away from the team. While fans got to see more of her personal life, many were disappointed as Lucy Tara (Yasmine Al-Bustami) was still missing in action. NCIS Hawaii returned to screens last night with a major shift in Tennant’s routine. The beloved agent in charge was forced to stay home after discovering her son Alex Tennant (Kian Talan) was feeling unwell. She felt compelled to stay home with the teenager to ensure he stayed hydrated. While her team of agents investigated the death of Marine Willem Dennison (Aaron Densley) fans noticed Lucy had not yet returned to the sunny island. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive Many took to Twitter displeased she had not returned to screens yet. @DoitMakehistory wrote: “Total bust...no #Lucy sighting at all. So disappointed.” An annoyed @rjsmith2008 added: “What they need to do is bring back Lucy.” @Kacy_Soulmates demanded: “Come back to me NOW.” A fourth fan @nesssinhamatos remarked: “Miss you Lucy.” @_jackie019 tweeted: “Missing Lucy Tara and waiting for her return from the big boat." While @rjsmith2008 anticipated: “I hope and Lucy comes back she surprises Whistler by learning how to surf.” Although Lucy has yet to reunite with her team, during last week’s Rising Sun, viewers were treated to a major update. DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly baffled by odd background in Ghislaine Maxwell's cell [INSIGHT]Noah Mills height: How tall is the NCIS Hawaii Jesse Boone actor? [INSIGHT]NCIS' Agent Dale Sawyer actor Zane Holtz has four children [INSIGHT] During the episode, Lucy’s girlfriend Kate Whistler (Tori Anderson) told their colleague Jesse Boone (Noah Mills): “She’s good. “Lucy's even comfortable enough to stand on the flight deck now. "She's been sending me a lot of pictures but turns out the middle of the ocean looks like the middle of the ocean no matter what amazing country you're anchored in." Fans will recall the character had been offered a new role as a Special Agent Afloat, which was a position she applied for when the pair had broken up.  As a result, Lucy would be assigned to the ship, which took her away from Hawaii for four months. Tennant star Vanessa Lachey spoke on Lucy's absence and revealed: “She still here and she’s still around, but we try to honour what [acting commitments Yasmine] has back on the mainland and maximize the time when she is here." Speaking to TV Line, the actress teased: “She’s here right now, and we just wrapped two massive water days where all of us were getting soaking wet.” NCIS Hawaii season 2 continues Mondays on CBS in the US. The series airs on Disney+ in the UK.