Strictly Come Dancing star Gemma Atkinson, 38, has furiously hit back after a dog trainer “judged her on her parenting”. It comes after the former Emmerdale actress took to Instagram yesterday to share a throwback video of her dog Norman providing “comfort” for her baby daughter Mia, who was in floods of tears. In view of her 1.8 million followers, Gemma wrote alongside the clip, in which her fiancé Gorka Marquez, 32, could be heard laughing at little Mia for pulling on Norman’s dog collar to cheer herself up: “This just came up as a memory. The calming effect of dogs. “I’ve lost count of the amount of times Norman or Ollie have without even knowing comforted Mia or instantly changed her mood (as they do with me daily) The amount of patience and love they have for her is so heartwarming.” Although both Gemma and Gorka were heard telling Mia not to pull on Norman’s fur in the video to avoid her causing him any pain, a dog trainer still took issue with the interaction between the youngster and the pooch. Gemma spoke out on her Instagram stories after fans alerted her to the mum-shaming remarks from the dog trainer. READ MORE... Carol Vorderman turns heads in eye-popping video She penned: “Thanks for the msgs re the dog trainer using my video in a negative way. “I’ve reached out to her privately and it’s been removed. I have the utmost respect for anyone who works with animals, but it was really disheartening to see my video was used as a ‘bad example’ and the comments ‘so irresponsible’.” “I know my dogs, I know my child and I know I’m a responsible owner and anyone who owns a pet should be. “Thanks to those who let me know about the video share.”  Gemma went on to prove how comfortable her dogs Norman and Ollie are with her daughter, by sharing a photo of Mia when she was a newborn. She captioned the sweet picture of Norman sitting vigilantly by Mia as she was being fed: “Ps. Norman has sat close to or practically on Mia since day one.” “And so has Ollie,” the mum-of-one added alongside a photo of the pooch cuddling up to her and Mia. Gemma continued while sharing another video of her dogs interacting with baby Mia: “I’ve never made them feel pushed out and even though I trust them wholeheartedly, they still to this day have never been alone with Mia. For her sake and theirs. DON'T MISS:Debbie McGee’s home she shared with Paul Daniels is 'in jeopardy'‘Unrecognisable’ Sue Cleaver shows off jaw-dropping weight loss Chris Evans praises 'super' Ken Bruce for leaving BBC “Judge me on my appearance, my clothes, stories in the press, my relationships etc… I don’t care. “But judging me on my parenting of both my child or my dogs (as their my babies too!) is something I won’t stay quiet about.”(sic) Gemma was inundated with support from many of her fans, with one commenting: “Lovely to see the interaction between them. Norman’s patience is wonderful but from watching your vids it’s also nice to see you’ve taught Mia to respect the dogs too. “I hate seeing clips of children climbing over dogs, pulling their fur and poking their eyes, because if the poor animal has enough and snaps, they’re the one punished.”  Another added: “You’re a very responsible parent and teaching Mia from a young age not to pull dogs hair but also not to fear them. “Every dog, child and parent different and yes some people do put their child in harms way with animals I don’t see this with you. Your dog wakes Mia up they’re family. Glad you spoke up for yourself x.” Gemma and Strictly pro Gorka welcomed their daughter into the world in 2019. The actress turned Hits Radio presenter has always been keen to ensure her two beloved dogs were comfortable around her baby, introducing them to Mia as soon as she arrived home from the hospital.