1000lb Best Friends is a TLC reality show where viewers follow the journeys of four overweight friends, who are each battling to lose weight to change their lives for the better. Tensions rose in a recent episode when Meghan left Dr Proctor’s office in tears after being branded one of his “less successful” patients. The TV personality recently underwent bariatric surgery upon discovering she was almost weighing in at 500lbs. Despite having great results post-op by losing almost 200lbs, it had been an uphill battle for the reality star to stay on track. When speaking on the iHollywoodTV podcast with fellow star Tina Arnold, Meghan opened up about her “mental and self-esteem issues” as well as why she doesn't hold a grudge against the medical professional. She explained: “You don’t get over 500 lbs with a little bit of mental issues and esteem issues.” READ MORE: Emmerdale's Kim Tate's marriage on the rocks after her betraying Will The reality star then addressed the heated row between her and Dr Proctor, who is one of the top bariatric surgeons in the US. She explained: “I'm not blaming Proctor, he’s a wonderful man but because my brain works the way it does, what he said, it will twist the words. “So when he says you have a potential to be the most less successful patient, I took that as, 'You're a failure. You blew it'.” Meghan said how her mind had “spiralled out of control” during this period as she had a lot of things going on. This came after Meghan and her co-star Tina’s house got flooded, meaning the pair had to temporarily move into a hotel. She explained: “All these things were brushed in my head and kind of spiralled me out of control for a couple of months on top of the flood happening. "So us having to live in a hotel room with not a kitchen, and having to you know, compromise the food choices and then having that in the back of my head." Meghan added: “That was one of the dark places I went to, as well on top of everything else that I was dealing with.” DON'T MISS:My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight lossMILF Manor fans blast ‘sick’ mother and son double date 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton says ‘I can conquer the world’ Meghan then recalled the moment she went back to see Dr Proctor, and explained how she was “in a protective mode”. The star delved further: “That was why I was feeling insecure about going to see Proctor again because in my head I was like ‘protect yourself’. In a protective mode. "I don't want to go in there and I know where I'm at, I don't want to go in there and hear - in my head - you're a failure because I don't know if I could handle that." In the moments after Meghan stormed out of Dr Proctor’s office she could be seen in tears saying: “I thought he'd be compassionate." Speaking to the cameras, no-nonsense Dr Proctor said: “Maybe my approach with her was not going to be most effective with her." It's clear Meghan holds no resentment for Dr Proctor following her latest interview and the pair will continue to work together as season two continues on TLC. Despite being trolled online, the TLC personality has continued to keep a positive attitude, sharing inspirational quotes and messages via Instagram with her followers. 1000lb Best Friends continues on TLC in the USA on Wednesday. A UK release date is yet to be announced.