Bridgerton star Ruby Stokes heads up the new Netflix series as ghost-hunter Lucy Carlyle alongside Cameron Chapman and Ali Hadji-Heshmati. Although Lockwood and Co has remained true to Stroud’s original novels for the most part, director Joe Cornish revealed exclusively to Express.co.uk he made some key changes when he set about adapting them for streaming. Cornish has explained why Netflix’s version of Lucy, Anthony Lockwood (Chapman) and George Karim (Hadji-Heshmati) are slightly older than the original books. While the ghost-hunters in Stroud’s novels start investigating around the age of 13, Cornish decided to go for a slightly more mature tone for his Netflix adaptation. Stokes, now 22, portrays Lucy in her later teens, while her co-stars are also in their early 20s. The director revealed the decision was made in order to stay true to Stroud’s vision for the series as a spooky mystery for younger horror fans. READ MORE: Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show “I think the books kind of do it for us,” Cornish said of finding the right tone for the series. “We did age them up a little bit because it helps for a sophisticated, modern audience to help make the characters a tiny bit older than they are in the book.” After leaving behind her first ghost-hunting team, Lucy goes freelance and eventually stumbles across Lockwood and George operating from a ramshackle house in Portland Row. Once they start busting the ghosts of London, they soon uncover a vast conspiracy their adult superiors have been trying to hush up. It was important for the Netflix adaptation’s stakes to feel real and immediate, so Cornish’s older cast was chosen as the perfect accompaniment to the series’ horrifying apparitions. “In the book, you’re imagining these terrifying things, and in a show, you have to put them on the screen,” he explained. “The jeopardy becomes very real and very immediate, so I didn’t hold back. I tried to make it as scary as it needed to be, and there was some nervousness from Netflix. “They said at one point, ‘Is this too scary?’ But we were like, ‘No!’” DON'T MISS:The Last of Us fans ‘sobbing’ after Bill and Frank twist [REACTION]Fire Country fans ‘work out’ identity of mystery arsonist [THEORY]Bridgerton’s Phoebe Dynevor hints Daphne ‘missing’ in season 3 [NEWS] “I think young people watch all sorts of stuff on streaming services, sometimes they watch things that they shouldn’t. “Personally, as a kid, there’s nothing I enjoyed more than seeing something that felt a bit risky, that was pushing a little bit further. “Plus, the key things to the books is this combination of war, cosiness and emotion, and fear, so the stakes have got to be real, the jeopardy’s got to be real so the relationships and the comfort food of Portland Row can be the perfect tonic for it.” Rising star Hadji-Heshmati also felt their portrayals of the characters remained authentic to the books despite the changes. “I remember reading the books in preparation and then reading the scripts and finding them really true to the books,” he told Express.co.uk. “So, the essence of George we see across the five novels I think remains in the series. “We still get that socially awkward, intelligent, passionate researcher that we get in Stroud’s books.” Lockwood and Co has already pulled in strong numbers and stellar reviews, so fans are hopeful Netflix will give the go-ahead to pick up from the first season’s cliffhanger ending. Lockwood and Co season 1 is available to stream on Netflix.