EastEnders' Kat Slater (played by Jessie Wallace) is struggling to come to terms with shooting DCI Samantha Keeble (Alison Newman) after both she and Tommy Moon (Sonny Kendall) were abducted. The corrupt policewoman was trying to intimate Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) into relinquishing incriminating evidence on her with the Slater matriarch ending up caught in the crossfire. Alfie Moon (Shane Richie) was horrified when Kat and Tommy were abducted from the street while he was attacked. Phil knew instantly Keeble was behind the kidnapping and reluctantly called on Keanu Taylor (Danny Walters) for help. The duo found the abandoned premises were Kat and Tommy were being held hostage just as a gun shot ran out. Eastenders fans were relieved to see Kat had shot Keeble in a bid to protect herself and her son. Read more: EastEnders' Lola Pearce 'dies on wedding day' as fans predict tragedy However, in the aftermath of the shooting, it’s become clear Kat is not coping. Speaking about the Phil and Keeble’s feud coming to a head, executive producer Chris Clenshaw hinted Kat would struggle with her actions. “Phil and Keanu are kind of going head to head,” Chris told Express.co.uk and other press before the series of events had unfolded. “And Kat finds herself in a terrible, a terrible situation.” In upcoming weeks Kat may break down as she comes to terms with being responsible for shooting a police officer. Alfie believed Kat would leave Phil after putting her and their kids in danger. However, he ruled out a romantic reunion with his ex-wife entirely when she declared she wanted to make her relationship with Phil work. Kat was shaken by the events with Keeble and jumped straight into work to keep her mind off what had happened. DON'T MISSEastEnders' Danny Dyer admits to 'having issues' with wife over gift [INTERVIEW]EastEnders' Linda heartbroken as she receives devastating news [SPOILER]Fabrizio Santino starred in Hollyoaks before making his Walford debut [INSIGHT] If she is put in a similar situation which could be likely if she continues to stay with Phil, Kat may struggle to cope entirely. Will Alfie or the Slaters be able to step in and help Kat before it’s too late? EastEnders fans were saddened to see Alfie admit defeat and give up on Kat. @Rubzzzz1 tweeted: “Alfie saying 'I give up on us' broke my heart, Kat and Alfie BELONG TOGETHER ... #Eastenders.” @MaryMRobin agreed: “#EastEnders Kat nearly lost Tommy the way Sharon lost Deny. Because of Phil. Sharon is right. Kat should just get rid of Phil she should be protecting her kids.” @stfuvalerie remarked: “Kat’s not built for this life. Furthermore she’s not putting her children first by staying with Phil #Eastenders.” “I think this whole situation that's happened with Kat/Phil/Tommy/Keeble is going to bring out the darker side to Kat Slater - a side we've not seen yet. #Eastenders @bbceastenders,” @Wee_Westie29 suggested. @RyanTheSoapking shared: “Alfie you need to respect Kat's decision however risky it is. She's made her own bed she'll lie in it if she needs too. #EastEnders.” EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.