A video has captured the terrifying final moments before Nepal’s Yeti Airlines crash-landed on approach to land in the Himalayan town of Pokhara. In the footage, the plane can be seen flying low over rooftops before making a hard banking turn to the left.  The video appears to show the moment control of the plane was lost as the aircraft enters a spin.Captured by an eyewitness from a balcony below the roar of the ATR-72's engines can be heard. The regional passenger plane crashed into a gorge while landing at a newly opened Pokhara International Airport On the flight were 72 passengers and crew on board, including fifteen foreign nationals.  Authorities in Nepal have announced 68 people have so far been confirmed dead. The disaster is Nepals's deadliest airplane accident in three decades. A witness to the crash, Gaurav Gurung said the plane fell nose-first towards its left and then crashed into the gorge. He said: "The plane caught fire after the crash. There was smoke everywhere."  Emergency services are searching for any last survivors amid reports authorities on the scene are "losing hope" of finding any more passengers alive. Nepal’s civil aviation authority has reported at least one infant among the fatalities. Hundreds of Nepalese soldiers are currently at the crash site, located near the Seti River, to assist with rescue efforts. Pokhara, located 125 miles west of Kathmandu, is the gateway to the Annapurna Circuit, a popular hiking trail in the Himalayas. DON'T MISS British aid workers in Ukraine vanish in rescue bid [INSIGHT]Russian military planes spotted in Belarus ahead of 'joint exercises' [ANALYSIS]Putin warned Russia's only aircraft carrier in 'state of emergency' [INSIGHT]  It was not immediately clear what caused the plane to crash. Nepal has had a spotty air safety record. Last year, 22 people died when a plane crashed on a mountainside in Nepal. In 2018, a US-Bangla passenger plane from Bangladesh crashed on landing in Kathmandu, killing 49 of the 71 people aboard. In 1992, all 167 people aboard a Pakistan International Airlines plane were killed when it plowed into a hill as it tried to land in Kathmandu.