Chelsea striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang could be set to leave the club less than five months after arriving at Stamford Bridge. But his only transfer option is a return to Barcelona if he wants to play more football before the end of the season. Chelsea shelled out £10.3million to prise Aubameyang away from the Nou Camp on transfer deadline day in September. But the 33-year-old has flopped on his return to the Premier League and has found the back of the net just three times in 15 games in all competitions for the Blues. Graham Potter’s side have struggled in front of goal this season and have scored just 20 goals in 17 Premier League matches. And on Wednesday, the west London giants completed a loan move for Atletico Madrid striker Joao Felix. Felix is likely to jump ahead of Aubameyang in the Chelsea pecking order, which means the Gabon star’s days at Stamford Bridge could now be numbered. And, according to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, Barcelona would love the idea of taking Aubameyang back to the Nou Camp. But they would only pursue a move if they can get the player for free and give him different salary terms to the ones he previously had. And they’d only want him if Memphis Depay leaves the club for Atletico Madrid. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    Aubameyang came off the bench for eight minutes when Barcelona drew 0-0 with Rayo Vallecano in La Liga in August. And FIFA regulations stipulate that a player can only play for two different sides during the same campaign. So Aubameyang would only be allowed to play for either Chelsea or Barca between now and the end of the season. Aubameyang enjoyed a promising spell with the Catalan giants last season after moving to the club in January when his contract at Arsenal was terminated. The ace had been stripped of the captaincy at the Emirates Stadium and banished from the team due to a disciplinary breach and went on to score 13 goals in 24 appearances for the Catalan giants. READ MOREArsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWCristiano Ronaldo could help Man Utd sign Wout Weghorst due to separate Besiktas deal talks   He was deemed surplus to requirements at the Nou Camp in the summer after the club signed Robert Lewandowski from Bayern Munich and Raphinha from Leeds. But his time in west London has been underwhelming. Aubameyang scored during his first Premier League appearance for the Blues as his side defeated Crystal Palace 2-1 in October. And he also notched in home and away Champions League matches against AC Milan in the same month. But he hasn’t registered a goal since and has started just one of his side’s last four matches since domestic football returned following the end of the World Cup. 