The footage shows the last few moments before the Yeti Airlines flight from the capital Kathmandu to Pokhara crashed, with the death toll rising to 68 on Sunday. An Indian passenger had been recording a Facebook Live from inside the plane as the doomed flight approached the runway at Pokhara international airport. He is reported to have been traveling with a group of three other Indian nationals from Ghazipur in Uttar Pradesh. The friends were going to Pokhara for a week-long paragliding holiday having arrived in Nepal on January 13. On the live stream, one of the men can be heard saying: "Have a look at the water body, it's beautiful." Another adds: "It's a lot of fun." Moments later the horror begins as the footage become shaky and the plane appears to tilt violently. The Mirror reports that the four Indian nationals, Sonu Jaiswal, 29, Anil Rajbhar, 28, Vishal Sharma, 23, and Abhishek Singh Kushwaha, 23, met their deaths in the plane crash after visiting the Pashupatinath temple to worship. Along with these individuals, five other Indian nationals and 68 passengers lost their lives. Jaiswal was in the business of selling alcohol, while Rajbhar and Kushwaha were involved in charitable organisations and Sharma was employed as a financial administrator for a motorcycle firm. Meanwhile, emergency services are searching for any last survivors amid reports authorities on the scene are "losing hope" of finding any more passengers alive. Nepal’s civil aviation authority has reported at least one infant among the fatalities. Hundreds of Nepalese soldiers have been working at the crash site, located near the Seti River, to assist with rescue efforts. Pokhara, located 125 miles west of Kathmandu, is the gateway to the Annapurna Circuit, a popular hiking trail in the Himalayas. DON'T MISS British aid workers in Ukraine vanish in rescue bid [INSIGHT]Russian military planes spotted in Belarus ahead of 'joint exercises' [ANALYSIS]Putin warned Russia's only aircraft carrier in 'state of emergency' [INSIGHT] It was not immediately clear what caused the plane to crash but Nepal has had a spotty air safety record. Last year, 22 people died when a plane crashed on a mountainside in Nepal. In 2018, a US-Bangla passenger plane from Bangladesh crashed on landing in Kathmandu, killing 49 of the 71 people aboard. In 1992, all 167 people aboard a Pakistan International Airlines plane were killed when it plowed into a hill as it tried to land in Kathmandu. 