Joao Felix has revealed two reasons why he left Atletico Madrid for Chelsea after the club made his £9million loan move official on Wednesday. The Portuguese forward will play at Stamford Bridge until the end of the season after extending his Atleti contract until 2027. Felix had been heavily linked for a Rojiblancos exit this month after his relationship with manager Diego Simeone deteriorated. But despite Arsenal and Manchester United standing at the forefront of links, Chelsea swooped in for the 23-year-old and agreed to meet Atleti's hefty demands. Speaking for the first time after completing his January switch, Felix explained that he agreed to swap Madrid for west London because Chelsea are one of the world's best clubs. And he also shared his excitement to grace the Stamford Bridge turf after previously visiting the famous stadium with Atleti. He said: "Chelsea is one of the great teams in the world, and I hope to help the team reach their objectives. So I am very, very happy to be here and very excited to play at Stamford Bridge." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Felix penning a contract extension to return to the La Liga giants next season potentially strengthens reports that Simeone is set to leave this summer. But it has simultaneously raised eyebrows over why Chelsea sanctioned such an expensive loan if there is little hope of Felix staying beyond June, with the deal totalling around £1.5m per month. Graham Potter has been keen to bolster the expensive squad he inherited from Thomas Tuchel earlier this season as he attempts to avoid a disastrous maiden campaign at the helm. Christopher Vivell and Paul Winstanley are part of Blues owner Todd Boehly's new recruitment team, and both were pictured with Felix after his arrival was made official. DON'T MISS: Chelsea target Fernandez sends clear message after scoring for Benfica Felix is Potter's fourth recruit of the winter window but the second who fans will expect to make an immediate impact in the senior squad. He follows Benoit Badiashile after the 21-year-old completed a £35m switch from AS Monaco and teenage duo Andrey Santos and David Datro Fofana. Shortly after announcing his arrival, Chelsea posted a video message from Felix to the club's supporters ahead of his debut, which could come as early as Sunday, when Crystal Palace visit in the Premier League. He said: "Hi, Chelsea fans! I'm very excited to be here at this club, and I hope to see you soon at Stamford Bridge." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here