Mike and Zara Tindall put on a light-hearted display of affection at an event thousands of miles away from home, with the pair looking more loved up than ever. Back in Great Britain, the country is still reeling from the release of Prince Harry's book Spare, which has flown off the shelves this week. But, the Tindalls have put on a carefree performance for the cameras in Australia as they posed up a storm at a horse racing engagement today. The couple, who share three children, were giggling and kissing, with Zara even poking her tongue out in one cheeky snap. The same uplifting emotions may not be experienced by other members of the Royal Family back home, as Prince Harry's memoir filled with claims shot to success. But Princess Anne's daughter, 41, and her husband, 44, could not have been more carefree as they worked their magic in front of photographers. They had attended the Magic Millions race day - and it is here where Zara was spotted leaning over to kiss her husband, who cheekily poked his tongue out. Soon after Mike's funny antic, Zara decided to get her own back and stuck her tongue out as Mike leaned in for a kiss. The couple, who are parents of three young children, are currently holidaying in the Gold Coast.  During their sunshine holiday, Mike, who came fourth on the 2022 series of I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here, shared plenty of snaps from the trip on Instagram.    Glam Zara wore a short-sleeved light blue dress, covered in multi-coloured hues, with the mum-of-three's toned legs given a good showing. She also donned a small light blue fascinator. Meanwhile Mike wore a grey chequered suit and navy tie, with a slight nod to Zara's ensemble. Zara and Mike's PDA down under comes after a turbulent week for King Charles III, Queen Consort Camilla, Prince William and Kate, Princess of Wales. They had been dragged under an umbrella of claims in Harry's book, but have remained silent throughout. Harry has also revealed that the first draft of the autobiography was twice the length of the final, with no indication as yet of whether or not he will share more in a follow-up memoir. He did add that he ended up leaving details out for fear that his family would not forgive him. In an interview with The Telegraph, Harry claimed that he would like "some accountability" from the Royal Family and "an apology to [Meghan]".  READ MORE:  Prince William felt 'frustrated' as Queen 'took his autonomy away' over wedding choice He added that if they were to "just come clean", then "we could all move on". Harry's bombshell memoir came out on January 10, by publisher, Penguin Random House.Less than 24 hours afterwards, it was named the UK's fastest-selling non-fiction book of all time.  DON'T MISS