Silent Witness is back to its usual double-bill this week, airing this evening (January 23) and tomorrow (January 24) on BBC One at 9pm after a schedule shake-up last week. This week will see the Lyell team taking on a very pertinent case after a mayor turns up dead. The story titled Hearts of Darkness is the penultimate case in the current series with Silent Witness season 26 wrapping up next week. The BBC summary for Hearts of Darkness, Part one reads: “Levelling-up leaders and environmental activists clash in a small town trying to look to the future. “With a sabotaged train and a dead mayor, the activists become suspects.” While the blurb for the second instalment reads: “The Lyell team return to the crime scene as another victim is in peril. “Family ties are tested to their limits as they reveal the dark secrets that led to the tunnel collapse, and Jack is put in a difficult position when a blast from the past comes to visit.” READ MORE: Why did Liz Carr leave as Clarissa Mullery? D.I. Jill Raymond - Jemma Redgrave Veteran star Jemma Redgrave will be playing police officer D.I. Jill Raymond with the actress reprising her Silent Witness role. Some of Redgrave’s most recent parts have been in Doctor Who, Holby City and Grantchester with the star best known for Howards End, Love & Friendship, The Grid and I’ll Be There. Bob Stratton - Nicholas Gleaves Nicholas Gleaves portrays Bob Stratton and is most recognisable for his parts in Coronation Street as Duncan Radfield, BBC drama Bodyguard, The Demon Headmaster and The Rising. Frankie Stratton - Anna Burnett Anna Burnett portrays Frankie Stratton after appearing in Ripper Street, Manhunt, the film The Falling opposite Game of Thrones’ Maisie Williams, Outlander and Endeavour. Trevor Taylor - Joseph Beattie Joseph Beattie will be playing Trevor Taylor and will be familiar with audiences after appearing in Hollyoaks, Borgia, The Sleeping Room and EastEnders. Malcolm Coles - Edward Bennett Edward Bennett takes on Malcolm Coles in the show following on from Sky’s COBRA, Poldark, The Laureate and Industry. Phillip Stratton - Tom Christian Tom Christian will be starring as Phillip Stratton with credits in Dom pod Dwoma Orlami, Whitehouse Farm on ITV, Harlots, The Royals, Gangs of London and Bridgerton. Hannah Coles - Kirsty Hoiles Kirsty Hoiles appears as Hannah Coles after parts in Rebel Cheer Squad - A Get Even Series, Close to the Enemy, Remember Me and The Undeclared War. John Pryor - Nick Bartlett Nick Bartlett stars as John Pryor after appearing in EastEnders, Casualty, Annie Pannie and Summer’s Here. Bela Nasir - Dinita Gohill Dinita Gohill is going to be featuring as Bela Nasir and counts credits in Clink, Our House, The Sandman, Netflix’s Treason and The Infiltrator. Anthony Barzani - Waj Ali Waj Ali takes on the part of Anthony Barzani after appearing in Amazon Prime Video’s Carnival Row, Witless, Mister Winner, Honour and Chance. Donna Chainey - Janet Kumah Janet Kumah will be Donna Chainey and has previously featured in Chemistry of Death, I Hate Suzie, COBRA and Shadow and Bone. DON'T MISS...Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [INSIGHT]Eamonn Holmes admits ‘they're dead to me' as he addresses feud [VIDEO]GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan [UPDATE] D.S.I Jennie Gibbs - Rosina Carbone Rosina Carbone is going to be starring as fellow police officer D.S.I Jennie Gibbs after parts in Gentleman Jack, Meet the Richardsons, 4 O’Clock Club, Doctors and Emmerdale. Aoife - Aislin McGuckin Rounding off the guest cast is Aislin McGuckin as Aoife once again in Silent Witness. Her previous roles have included Cold Courage, Denise in Normal People, The Miniaturist and Joyride, among other parts. The main cast will be featuring with Emilia Fox as Dr Nikki Alexander, David Caves as Jack Hodgson, Aki Omoshaybi as Dr Gabriel Folukoya, Alastair Michael as Velvy Schur and Rhiannon May as Cara Connelly. Silent Witness continues on BBC One tonight and tomorrow at 9pm