Ferrari could face a major £45.5million dent through the loss of two major sponsors on the eve of the new campaign, according to RacingNews365. Reports suggest the Scuderia will not continue its partnership with crypto company Velas and semi-conductor firm Snapdragon. Both companies were ranked as premium sponsors for Ferrari but the logos of the firms have now been removed from the team’s partner list. RacingNews365 claims the relationship with Velas broke down after Ferrari failed to comply with clauses in its contract. This is believed to relate to Velas being allowed to create NFT images with both parties thought to be considering legal action. Express Sport have approached Ferrari, Snapdragon and Velas for comment. Ferrari had entered a long-term deal with Velas at the end of the 2021 season. A big part of the deal was the use of digital content with material set to be produced by Velas and sold to fans. READ MORE: Ferrari suffers same fate as Red Bull as details on 2023 F1 leaked Meanwhile, Snapdragon’s departure is understood to be mutual with a statement expected to be released soon. The loss of the two key sponsors could force Ferrari to change some of its 2023 design just weeks before the model is unveiled. Velas’ logo has previously been featured on the back of the rear wing while Charles Leclerc has also been spotted with branding on his helmet. Snapdragon's logo was much smaller but was often spotted on the car’s halo protection device. The move comes after Mercedes also axed their crypto partnership with FTX in November after the company's demise. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton given warning as Damon Hill explains 'uphill battle' [COMMENT]Ferrari 'banned from private F1 meeting' after fallout over new rules [INSIGHT]Ex-Ferrari star fires shots at Binotto and says he'll 'never forgive' [ANALYSIS] Team boss Toto Wolff then warned other teams would likely be affected by the “uncontrolled” nature of cryptocurrency as rivals also signed up to lucrative deals. He explained: “Every team has sponsors like that and so does the Formula 1 organisation. Everyone would be affected. "FTX was considered a solid company whose bankruptcy is a huge damper not only for us but for the entire crypto industry. This bankruptcy with a deficit of $8 billion shows how uncontrolled the entire industry is." Ferrari rival Red Bull also enjoys a high-profile relationship with crypto business ByBit which is expected to carry over into 2023.