Gary Neville landed himself in hot water with presenter Kelly Cates following Manchester United's defeat against Arsenal after being shushed on live TV. The pundit joined the studio discussion after the game having been working on the game but soon found himself in the bad books of Cates after he received a stern telling off from the Sky Sports host. Neville had joined Premier League legends such as Roy Keane, Cesc Fabregas and Jamie Redknapp in the studio for an absorbing post-match discussion after Arsenal's 3-2 win over Manchester United put the Gunners five points clear at the top of the table. The Sky Sports commentator had defended United's performance in the second half after Roy Keane had suggested Erik ten Hag's men were not good enough following Eddie Nketiah's 90th-minute winner. And once the conversation had ended, Cates began to take the show through the post-credits about the upcoming NFL games on Sunday before completing the outro to end the programme. READ MORE: Gary Neville claims Man Utd will finish above Arsenal despite PL lead But before she could do that, Neville interrupted by making a joke about not turning up for his Sky Monday Night Football duties after United's defeat. And as he continued to talk, he felt the full force of Cates' light-hearted condemnation. Cates, 47, is a long-time presenter on the channel, and shushed Neville after explaining their coverage of NFL matches and said: "You never do this to Dave (Jones)". At this point, Neville was in hysterics of laughter. And when he refused to keep quiet, Cates then said "shush!" again with a huge grin on her face. DON'T MISSGary Neville hammers Spurs for 'playing like little boys' vs ArsenalNeville skips Chelsea vs Man City punditry duty with CarragherArsenal told who will be 'the difference' to snatch Premier League The incident had Fabregas smiling too after the former Arsenal and Chelsea star joined the studio to analyse the game. Cates, the daughter of Liverpool hero Sir Kenny Dalglish, rejoined the broadcaster in 2016 and has played a prominent part in the TV giant's Friday Night Football coverage over the past four years, working alongside Neville and his sidekick Jamie Carragher. The pair enjoy a close relationship on screen and were even involved in a hilarious clip that quickly turned into a meme on social media after Neville and Carragher walked away from Cates when filming at Brentford's stadium. It remains to be seen whether Neville will act up the next time he is on screen after getting the giggles during the live broadcast. But for his own sake, he better not do it around Cates after being rightfully told off for clowning around.