An expert has sought to reassure the public after the police closed an investigation into the death of a woman killed by dogs in Surrey. The 28-year-old woman, who has not been named, was believed to have been walking a number of hounds in Gravelly Hill, Caterham, when she was attacked on January 12. Eight animals were seized at the scene and remain in police custody subject to forensic investigation, though no prosecutions are being brought against any individuals. Ed Hayes, Head of Public Affairs at The Kennel Club, expressed shock and sadness at the woman's death, adding: "[Dog attacks] are incredibly tragic, but thankfully they're quite rare." For the last 20 years or so, on average three people were killed in dog attacks annually. But in 2022, there were nine fatal dog attacks. Experts say it is too early to say whether this is due to rising dog ownership during the Covid pandemic, when lockdowns meant it was harder to train pets outdoors, or a statistical anomaly. Mr Hayes told Express.co.uk: "Typically, fatalities take place in people's homes with their own dogs. In general, a situation where someone is killed by a dog which isn't theirs or a family dog is pretty uncommon. "I don't remember a case that involved a professional dog walker." Police announced on Thursday (January 26) they had closed their criminal investigation into the death of the woman in Surrey. The force said none of the dogs involved were banned breeds. In Britain, animal welfare and dog control matters are devolved, meaning there are no nationwide regulations. READ ABOUT A TEENAGER WINNING A EUROMILLIONS JACKPOT There is no specific law relating to the number of dogs someone can walk at any one time in England, although local authorities can set limits. The Kennel Club maintains that setting a limit across the UK on the number of dogs one person can walk is arbitrary. This is because whereas an experienced owner could manage a group of small, well-trained dogs, a single, large, untrained dog being walked by an inexperienced owner would prove harder to control. Mr Hayes said: "There are lots of rules around keeping dogs under control. If a dog is out of control, you are potentially committing a criminal offence under the Dangerous Dogs Act." DON'T MISS: Sussexes were ‘doomed' from the start and never going to fit mould [REVEALED] Warning of 'divisions' in Sussexes' camp as book backfires [REPORT] William pokes fun at Kate's cooking ability in video [LATEST] He added: "There are rules and regulations in place for dog walkers [but] enforcement is very difficult even where there are rules." The Kennel Club's Head of Public Affairs suggested Surrey County Council will now be reviewing the measures it already had in place for commercial dog walkers. Mr Hayes said: "A number of tragic fatalities we've had down the years involved single dogs, without other dogs present. "Unfortunately, it may be that this was a freak set of circumstances highly unlikely to be repeated, but after investigation more may come out to point us towards a resolution to avoid a similar tragedy in the future." A post mortem examination was carried out on the woman last week and a file is being prepared for the Surrey coroner who is to open an inquest. Senior investigating officer, Detective Inspector Josephine Horner, said on Thursday the criminal investigation has concluded and the information officers have gathered will be passed to the Surrey coroner to assist in the coronial process. She added: "The dogs continue to be cared for at private kennels to ensure their welfare and their owners are being kept informed. We appreciate this is a difficult and uncertain process for them as the forensic work continues." Mr Hayes listed a number of warning signs which members of the public can look out for to alert themselves to a potential dog attack, but added: "Problem dogs are a result of problem owners. If an owner thinks their dog has aggression problems, they should seek support." This could be from a canine behaviourist, dog trainer or animal charity. Mr Hayes advised anyone with a concern about a dog to tell their local council or the police, depending on the nature of any incident. But he said this raises a potential issue with members of the public uncertain where to turn for help. He continued: "If a dog is dangerously out of control, then that's a police matter." The Kennel Club is one of a number of charities forming a Dog Control Coalition which is campaigning for better legislation and policy. Along with the Government, the Coalition is working to develop ways to improve the approach to problem dogs and reduce the number of serious incidents.