Everton manager Frank Lampard has sent a worrying warning to fans, acknowledging that 'huge clubs' have been relegated previously. Pressure on Everton and Lampard may have reached boiling point after a dismal 2-0 defeat against fellow strugglers West Ham United on Saturday. The Merseyside outfit have picked up just 15 points from their opening 20 Premier League games this season - the lowest league tally at this stage in their history. And a downbeat Lampard didn't shy away from the situation in which the club finds themselves amid another battle for top-flight survival. After full-time at the London Stadium, he told BBC Sport: "Fans are realists. They have watched the team over the last few years. "History moves and nothing gives you the right to be in this league. We have seen huge football clubs go down. "If you don't move, you will hit tough times. We are in tough times, and everyone has to try to move forward." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Everton have lost their last four games, failing to win any of their last 10, and now sit 19th in the Premier League, level on points with rock-bottom Southampton. The Toffees haven't scored more than once in a game since their last win, a 3-0 triumph over Crystal Palace on October 22. The phrase 'El Sackico' was thrown around in the build-up to Saturday's trip to West Ham, with David Moyes also under intense scrutiny. But with Everton looking doomed at the depths of the top flight, it is Lampard who could now be staring a dismissal in the face. DON'T MISS: Chelsea boss Potter finds a new starter as Liverpool gamble backfires Lampard is being widely tipped to become the latest Premier League manager to lose his job, with daunting tests against Arsenal and Liverpool next on the agenda. But he remained coy about his future as Everton boss, insisting he remains focused on doing his job until he's informed otherwise. "Those things are not my choice. It is my job to work, focus and keep my head down. I have confidence in how I want to coach," Lampard explained. "There are difficult conditions that I am aware of. I just do my job and talk about what I can affect, and that's the players trying to get the right results." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here