Amid news that wholesale gas prices have finally dropped to pre-Ukraine conflict prices, financial journalist Martin Lewis appeared on ITV’s Good Morning Britain this morning to explain when energy bills are expected to drop this year, and why the changes aren’t immediate. Before sharing energy price predictions, Mr Lewis told viewers: "Let's be very plain. Energy bills are set to rise before they fall - they will go higher than they are right now before they fall.” He explained that while wholesale rates, which are the rates at which gas and electricity retailers buy energy from suppliers, seem to have dropped, people “have been using the wrong graph”. Mr Lewis said: “Lots of graphs have shown [the rates] have dropped massively, but one of the problems with this is that people are using the wrong graph. They're looking at the day-ahead prices, which are pretty irrelevant to the UK. “The price that counts here is the year ahead - and if you look at that, wholesale rates have dropped very rapidly compared to the heights of the start of the Ukraine conflict, but they're still three times the traditional run-rate that it used to be 18 months ago so let's not overblow this.” READ MORE: Martin Lewis urges energy customers to act as ‘crucial’ deadline looms  He continued: "And what we have to remember is that in the UK, we have nationalised energy prices. The vast majority of people in England, Scotland and Wales are on an energy price guarantee tariff. That is where the prices are currently set by the Government - not the regulator. “What we pay right now is - even though it's expensive - it's a subsidised rate. If I take somebody on typical usage, our bills right now are £2,500 a year. They would be £4,279 a year if we were on the price cap. So the gap between the two of those is the subsidy by the state. This is the amount the Government has decided it will pay towards everybody, rich and poor's, energy bills.” Moving on to explain when exactly Britons can expect energy bills to drop, Mr Lewis first explained that currently, the plan is that the energy price guarantee will rise from £2,500 a year to £3,000 in April, meaning “everyone will see a 20 percent rise. It will then stay at £3,000 a year until April 2024". However, he continued: “The only chance it will get cheaper is if the energy price cap, which is the price that regulators use to set (currently at £4,279), were to drop below the energy price guarantee.” DON'T MISS: Three in five UK households have a poor energy performance rating [ANALYSIS] Make this small change to save money on your Netflix bill [EXPLAINED]‘Worst culprit’ for heat loss in your home - use ‘effective solution’ [INSIGHT]    He said currently, the prediction based on current wholesale rates (which the energy price cap is determined by) is that in April, there won’t be a drop. But from July, Mr Lewis said: “Because it moves every three months and depending on which company's predictions you look at, this £3,000 could drop to somewhere between £2,500 and £2,800. Remember, we're currently paying £2,500. So when everybody says it's going to get lower in July, it will get lower than the planned £3,000, but the likelihood on current rates is that it will still be higher than what we are paying right now and it will stay that way in October onwards.” So summarising the talk of an energy price drop, Mr Lewis told viewers prices will go up, and then may come down, but the “likelihood” is that they will still be higher than they are now unless the wholesale rate continues to fall, in which case prices “could come down a little bit further." Addressing the question of why petrol prices fluctuate quicker in line with wholesale gas prices compared to the lengthy time it takes for energy bills to reflect the price drops, Mr Lewis said: "What the price cap ever really did for us was delay price rises. READ MORE: Martin Lewis urges Britons to take 'important' action 'right now'  He continued: “Originally, we were on around three to six months' worth of delays so when wholesale rates went up, while people thought our rates were going up, they weren't - they were going up based on what had happened three to six months ago. “So if you say we're back to where we were before the start of the Ukraine crisis, which was still far higher wholesale rates than typically - yes. But then we still had to wait three to six months before those rates hit because there is a time lag. "So, I'm talking about April's price cap. April's price cap is the next one, which will be based on wholesale rates from November to February. The April price cap is based on where we are on the average between November to February, and prices have been falling for about a month.” While wholesale prices remained high in November and December, January has since seen a drop, and the average will be taken over this time period and applied to April’s price cap. Mr Lewis said: “The truth is that is still likely to be higher than the subsidised energy price guarantee for April to July. But the assumption is the July price cap, based on prices between February, March, and April, is when we will start to feel [a drop]. Because the price cap, which has to be lower than the energy price guarantee, is delayed. “It's always been delayed and originally we were feeling rises but they were nowhere near as sharp - that was the big difference that the price cap made, things went up slower. Now they've gone up, they're going to be slower to come down as well.”  Mr Lewis expressed one final point to remember on energy, and this surprisingly related to the weather. He said: “The big thing we're looking for is a relatively warm winter in Europe. If European gas storage stays above 50 percent, then our energy prices will likely be much cheaper next year than they were this year.” He continued: “If it drops below 20 percent, then things are going to be far worse than they were this year. It's looking pretty good at the moment, but we're not through the end of the winter. So bizarrely, what we're really watching is the winter weather in Europe. “This what's going to dictate energy prices in this country, and what's going to dictate energy prices next winter, whether that price cap continues to drop or whether it goes back up again."  Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am.