The dispute started after a homeowner constructed a fence along the front of the road outside of his own land. In response, the neighbour, who shared the dilemma on Reddit, tried to persuade the owner to remove the fence, on the grounds that it blocked his vision when using the driveway on his own property. In a post detailing the events of his dilemma, the user who goes by the name Alternative-Art7763 reached out for advice on how to solve the matter "as cheaply and easily as possible".  The frustrated homeowner said: "My neighbour's house is in the middle of a bend. There's a two-metre strip of land in front of all the houses on this side of the road, that I thought was owned by the local council (turns out it's a highways agency). "My neighbour has put a fence along the front of the road, less than one metre from the road, clearly not on his land, with laurel trees on the roadside, going into the road." Despite the fence not being erected on his own land, the Reddit user explained that it had been joined to his boundary fence that was already there before the neighbour put his up. While this wasn't too much of an issue, the angered resident explained that it had completely diminished his view of the road from his driveway exit. READ MORE: Row over woman for reserving parking spot daily with wheelie bin Seeking advice as to how he can solve the problem, the Reddit user noted that the fence and tall laurel trees had recently caused him to crash his own vehicle while trying to leave his driveway He wrote: "Last week I drove into the side of someone's car while exiting. The trees grow really fast. So I'm not using the drive anymore. My neighbour is about 80 years old and not interested in talking about it. He's an ex-builder who does what he wants." The author of the post explained that they had complained several times to the council from the day the trees and fence were first installed on the boundary next to the road. According to the user, Alternative-Art7763, the construction was allowed under "permitted development", which grants rights to householders to improve and extend their homes without the need to apply for planning permission. DON'T MISS:Five ‘low cost and efficient’ methods to dry washing inside [TIPS]‘Cheap’ solution to prevent condensation and ‘protect homes from damp’ [REVEAL]Best shower lining to avoid mould and 'damp smells' in the bathroom [INSIGHT]   On his second complaint, the council argued that the offending fence and trees were on land owned by the highways agency - despite the deeds stating otherwise. The Reddit user highlighted his frustrations over the fact that the highways agency had proclaimed that the neighbour had "adopted the land", and that it was a civil matter for him to solve directly with the owner of the fence. He wrote: "On all the deeds it is owned by the local council who I assume at some point transferred it to the highways agency. "I spoke and paid for a lawyer today, who told me I can only take court action against the owner, which is highways. And he can't have used squatter's rights etc as part of a highway can't be adopted." READ MORE: Property expert shares 'tips' to 'increase the value' of your home  While he had been unable to solve the issue as of yet, the forum poster branded the fence "dangerous and malicious", noting his fury over the cost of taking legal action. The homeowner explained that the court had estimated that it would cost between £5,000-£55,000 to win the case, with only 70 percent of fees recoverable. He added that he was "surprised the situation is possible" at all in the UK. Other people who use the forum agreed that the neighbour was in the wrong, offering their own advice to help the fed-up property owner. One person commented: "Height restrictions apply when fences are next to highways and hedges shouldn’t block a driver's line of sight. It’s also worth checking your title deeds for any restrictive covenants." Another suggested taking the case to local councillors, adding that it is "definitely something that you can hope they will take an interest in". According to an expert at the Planning Portal, it is possible to "claim" land outside of your property, though you have to go through a rigorous application process beforehand. They said: "If there is unecessary public highway adjacent to your property you should consider the option of applying to the local highway authority to extinguish the highway which will remove all public rights of way and enable such land to be privately managed and enclosed." However, according to their guidelines, the application - if one was made by the neighbour, would likely not have been granted, on the grounds that the reduced visibility of the Reddit user's driveways is a safety concern.  