Mykhaylo Mudryk starred in a second-half cameo on his Chelsea debut as the Blues staggered to a goalless draw with Liverpool. The exciting Ukrainian had three excellent opportunities to score at Anfield after being introduced by Graham Potter in the 55th minute. There is plenty for Chelsea fans to be positive about after this display by the £88million 22-year-old. Express Sport followed his every move during his 35 minutes on the pitch and this is what we discovered about him. Position Mudryk often played on the right for Shakhtar Donetsk, cutting inside on his left foot. But against Liverpool, the January arrival took up a position on the left wing. It seemed to suit Mudryk, who produced a performance akin to an old-fashioned left winger. He was keen to take on James Milner and, latterly, Trent Alexander-Arnold. There was no laziness from him either, and he was happy to track back to make a couple of tackles. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Potter finds a new starter as Liverpool gamble backfires New Grealish? In one bright moment, Mudryk received possession in space on the left and knocked the ball beyond Milner. The makeshift right-back, not exactly known for his pace, could only trip the starlet with a sliding challenge and accept an inevitable yellow card. His playing style means he will win lots of fouls and there is a chance he could challenge Jack Grealish as one of the Premier League’s most fouled players. Grealish was the most fouled player in 2020-21, while Crystal Palace ace Wilfried Zaha took the crown last term. It would not be a surprise to see Mudryk’s name alongside them once he has played a full season given his pace and quickness of feet. DON'T MISS...Chelsea boss Graham Potter makes worrying admission on Mykhaylo MudrykChelsea pile sack pressure on Graham Potter with Noni Madueke dealTransfer news LIVE - Chelsea swap deal, Bellingham's Liverpool offer Mudryk had three chances to score a dream debut goal. The first opportunity he created all by himself, collecting the ball from Conor Gallagher before slaloming around several players, but he could only lift his effort into the side netting. The Ukraine international then twice got on the end of right-wing crosses. Inexplicably, he tried to bring down the first one rather than shooting first-time towards goal. On the second occasion, he fired wide. Aggressive playing style Mudryk’s maiden action in a Chelsea shirt was to fly into a strong tackle on Milner. He then lunged in to make an excellent block on a Naby Keita shot. There is certainly a willingness to perform defensive duties, which will please Potter. And he seemed to have the physicality to cope with the Premier League, bouncing off challenges on a few occasions. Nimble footwork Possessing a slaloming running style that means he can shift the ball onto either foot, Mudryk will prove a tough test for Premier League defenders. Indeed, Milner was hauled off by Jurgen Klopp soon after collecting a yellow card for his poor tackle on the Chelsea No 15. Mudryk’s first chance saw him nimbly drift past several Liverpool players before shooting wide. His ability to get Chelsea fans off their seats when he receives the ball is a rare quality in Potter’s squad. Supporters’ chant Chelsea fans have already serenaded their latest star with a new chant. Although very simple, supporters could be heard chanting “Mudryk, Mudryk, Mudryk” for at least five minutes after his introduction. It remains to be seen if they will think of anything more elaborate.