Following a humiliating visa saga at the start of 2022 in Australia, Novak Djokovic will be allowed to compete at the 2023 Australian Open. The Serb arrived Down Under for the 2022 tournament in January only to ultimately be deported after then immigration minister Alex Hawke cancelled his visa on the grounds that Djokovic might cause 'civil unrest' due to being unvaccinated.  Once someone has been deported from Australia, rules stated they are not allowed to re-enter the country for three years. But last month new immigration minister Andrew Giles will grant Djokovic a visa and quash the three-year ban on him entering the country, meaning the 35-year-old will be free to bid for a record-extending 10th title at Melbourne Park. Ahead of the tennis icon’s return, Express Sport revisits some of his finest moments at tennis’ first grand slam of the year. In 2008, Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal were dominating tennis. Heading into the Australian Open that year, the Swiss Maestro was aiming to win his fourth title down under and third in a row, while the Spaniard came off a year in which he had won his third French Open title. The pair had won the last 11 majors and that streak looked set to continue, but a young Serbian star stepped up to win his maiden Grand Slam. Having reached the final of the previous Grand Slam - the 2007 US Open - Djokovic went one step further, defeating Federer en route to the final. After losing the first set against another bright young star in Jo Wilfried Tsonga, Djokovic roared back to win 4-6, 6-4, 6-3, 7-6 and lift the first of his 21 major titles. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios demands Novak Djokovic plays Australian Open 'at all costs' - 'We need him' In 2012 the tennis world was treated to one of the most physically gruelling matches between the two-top ranked players. Djokovic was aiming to successfully defend the crown while Nadal was desperate to snap a six-match losing streak against his rival after being dominated throughout 2011. He started well, claiming the first set 7-5, but the world number one at the time began to assert his authority and wrapped up the next two sets 6-2, 6-4. Now being outplayed, Nadal looked to be heading for a four-set defeat. He clawed it back from a break down and also recovered from a deficit in the tiebreak to take the match to a deciding set. The final set saw a return of the intense play seen in the opening two sets. Nadal broke in the sixth game to take a 4–2 lead; Djokovic then broke back to level at 4–4. Finally, Djokovic made a decisive break of serve to win what is, in terms of duration, both the longest Grand Slam final in the Open Era and also the longest match in the history of the Australian Open. With both players operating at their highest levels, the match was regarded as a war of attrition with excellent quality over such a long period of time. The fact both players had to sit down during the post-match presentation spoke volumes regarding the intensity and physicality on display in a match many regard as one of the greatest ever played. Djokovic has had his fair share of long and enthralling matches in Australia, and he contested another one with Stan Wawrinka in 2013. The hard-hitting Swiss star, still searching for his first Grand Slam at the time, would have to go through the Serb to keep his hopes alive. He couldn’t have asked for a better start, as he pummelled Djokovic from the back of the court to take the first set 6-1. He was also a game away from facing a two-set deficit, but once again the champ showed his fighting qualities to prevail 1-6 7-5 6-4 6-7 (5-7) 12-10 in an electrifying night session on Rod Laver Arena. A gripping deciding set finally came to an end at 1.41am when Djokovic swept a cross-court backhand past Wawrinka at the net. The victory meant Djokovic had won 18 successive matches at Melbourne Park, and he continued that until the end of the tournament, which he won for a fourth time and third in succession. Wawrinka would get his sweet revenge against Djokovic the following year in another epic match, this time the scoreline read 2-6 6-4 6-2 3-6 9-7. Wawrinka went on to win his first major title, defeating Nadal in the final. Having not won the Australian Open for three years, Djokovic arrived at the tournament in 2019 determined to hoist the Norman Brooks Challenge Cup for a record-breaking seventh time. This was one of the Serbian’s most successful campaigns at Melbourne Park, as he dropped just two sets en route to the title. Daniil Medvedev, who made his first Grand Slam final at the US Open later that year, provided a fourth-round test over the first couple of sets and was able to win the second, but it was one-way traffic from that point on for Djokovic. A thoroughly convincing 6-3, 6-2, 6-3 win over Nadal in the final ensured the trophy was in his grasp once again. The win also marked his 15th major title overall, surpassing Pete Sampras for third place on the all-time list. Djokovic won an unprecedented ninth Australian Open title in 2021, but did so with a torn abdominal muscle. His last victory at the tournament was one of the toughest for the Serbian, especially after revealing he suffered a devastating injury during his five set third round match with Taylor Fritz. “I was quite worried. [It] did not look realistic that I could actually play. I didn't know until two hours before the fourth-round match. That's when I stepped on the court and played for the first time since the third round,” Djokovic said. “The pain was at the level that was bearable for me. I just accepted the fact that I'm going to have to play with the pain. [The] medical team, my physio, [they] have done tremendous work. With God's grace, I managed to achieve what I achieved and I'm very thankful.” After negotiating a tricky match with Fritz, Djokovic defeated another tough opponent in Milos Raonic in round four, before overcoming Alexander Zverev in the last 16. He was in imperious form from then on, dispatching Aslan Karatsev and then Daniil Medvedev to further showcase his resilience and reinforce his dominance at the opening major of the year.