Starz’s epic historical drama has recently been confirmed to end with its eighth season but, until then, there are still plenty more adventures with Jamie (played by Sam Heughan) and Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) to look forward to. However, when Outlander returns this summer, some fans have admitted they’ll struggle to put up with their daughter Brianna (Sophie Skelton). Outlander fans have slammed Brianna’s extended role since the fourth season due to her reckless decision to travel back through time. Earlier in the series, Brianna eventually discovers her mother is a time-traveller and follows Claire through the stones at Craigh Na Dun back to Scotland in the 1700s. She’s soon followed by her future husband Roger Mackenzie (Richard Rankin), who runs afoul of Jamie and Young Ian (John Bell) due to a misunderstanding. “I hated Brianna in the 1900s but she didn’t have many scenes,” Redditor u/leedwards1108 said sharing their thoughts. READ MORE: My 600lb Life's Erica Wall looks unrecognisable in swimsuit snap “Now - she’s the entire show and I can’t stand her. I already think she’s an idiot for travelling to the 1700s alone as a woman and giving the time of day to Roger after the things he said to her when she refused his proposal. “And now I’m at the part where she finds out Jamie beat Roger and sold him when he thought that was her rapist. “She acts like Jamie and Ian did something terrible, when it was 100000% a misunderstanding. To be upset is understandable but she holds it for way too long and takes it too far.” u/RambleOn79 agreed, replying: “I took a break from the show for a while, I couldn’t stand them.” While u/Candid_Cake5751 exclaimed: “This post makes me feel so vindicated! I CANNOT stand Brianna!” When he first arrived, Jamie and Ian wrongly identified Roger as Stephen Bonnet (Ed Speleers), a despicable smuggler who attacked Brianna when she first arrives 200 years in the past. Although other fans argued she had every right to be upset, more issues arose when Jamie warned her against having her child before marrying Roger. “Jamie makes a valid point when he tells her she can’t be a single woman with a baby and she acts like that’s the worst thing anyone could say to her,” the original post continued. DON'T MISS:The Last of Us fans 'work out' source of infection outbreak [THEORY]The Handmaid’s Tale star returns to Law and Order SVU [NEWS]My 600lb Life backlash as Aaron's wife storms out on Dr Now [REACTION] “Yes it’s gross, but in the 1700s, that’s just how it was. “It’s like she travelled to 1770 and then is shocked by the societal norms (that she should know about as a historian). “I understand standing up for what’s right but you also need to be smart. “And let’s not forget that she slaps Jamie (her father!!!) and Ian as if physical violence is okay but suggesting she needs to marry is not…” Despite being brought up by historians, Brianna is apparently shocked by Jamie’s attitude when he warns of the dangers of being a single mother. While times have changed over the last two centuries, this fan clearly believes Brianna had come to grips with her surroundings and should have adapted to the different attitudes. Thankfully, her initial rows with her father Jamie weren’t enough to convince her to return to the modern day. After attempting a return to the future at the end of season five, they have since settled into their new lives on Fraser’s Ridge once they realised they had found their permanent home. Outlander season 7 will premiere in the summer of 2023 on Starz in the USA and Lionsgate+ via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.