New York has become the latest state to green light human composting, angering Catholic communities. The state’s Governor Kathy Hochul signed legislation on the practice this weekend, allowing human remains to be used as soil. The Big Apple became the sixth state in the US to legalise the practice - viewed as an environmentally friendly alternative to a burial or cremation. Washington state became the first state to legalise the practice in 2019, followed by Colorado and Oregon in 2021, and Vermont and California in 2022. However, the process has been criticised by Catholics in the New York. Dennis Poust, executive director of the New York State Catholic Conference, said it is "perfectly appropriate for returning vegetable trimmings to the earth" but "not necessarily appropriate for human bodies". In a statement, he said: "Human bodies are not household waste, and we do not believe that the process meets the standard of reverent treatment of our earthly remains." Human composting takes 60 days and involves putting a person’s remains in a “vessel” with organic material such as straw, alfalfa or sawdust. The box is sealed and attached to a heating and ventilation system, allowing the remains to decompose. At the 30-day mark, the contents are screened for inorganic material and remaining bone is broken up and put back in. After another 30 days, the contents are returned to the family. The end result is a heaping cubic yard of nutrient-dense soil amendment, the equivalent of about 36 bags of soil, that can be used to plant trees or enrich conservation land, forests or gardens. READ MORE: Doctor found frozen to death in pond as US storm leaves 62 dead Washington state eco-friendly funeral service Return Home said it had received “tons of inquiries” from New Yorkers. “Return Home is incredibly excited about New York’s recent human composting legalisation”, Return Home CEO Micah Truman told The New York Post. “This is a huge step for accessible green death care nationwide.” Mr Poust previously wrote to Governor Hochul. He said: “Throughout history and in every culture, the disposition of human remains has been treated with care and following particular rituals, always involving interment or cremation. “Given this fact, it is inappropriate to suddenly introduce a completely different method, with no input from the public, religious communities, or anyone else outside of the state Capitol.” However, Katrina Spade, the founder of Recompose, a full-service green funeral home in Seattle that offers human composting, spoke of the benefits. Ms Spade said: "Cremation uses fossil fuels and burial uses a lot of land and has a carbon footprint. “For a lot of folks being turned into soil that can be turned to grow into a garden or tree is pretty impactful." Howard Fischer, an investor located in New York City, said: “I am committed to having my body composted and my family knows that. “But I would love for it to happen in New York where I live rather than shipping myself across the country.”