Within days of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle returning from a six-week-long break across the pond in January 2020, they announced that they were planning to step back from their royal duties and move overseas, continuing their work on behalf of Queen Elizabeth II but also focusing on their own work. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex outlined their intentions in an Instagram post on their Sussex Royal account, writing: “After many months of reflection and internal discussions, we have chosen to make a transition this year in starting to carve out a progressive new role within this institution. We intend to step back as ‘senior’ members of the Royal Family and work to become financially independent, while continuing to fully support Her Majesty The Queen.” The announcement led to a meeting of the most senior members of the Royal Family on January 13, dubbed the ‘Sandringham Summit’, something described as ‘unprecedented’. Queen Elizabeth II requested that Harry, Prince William, and then-Prince Charles convene at her country home in Norfolk to deliberate details surrounding the Sussexes’ exit plan. The meeting marked the first time the four royals had all been together since the Remembrance Day weekend in November 2019. While Meghan was thought to have called in from Canada, Buckingham Palace later said in a statement that the Duke and Duchess ultimately decided that it “wasn't necessary” for her to do so. However, in the second instalment of Harry & Meghan, the Sussexes’ six-part documentary series with Netflix, the Duke recalled that the family appeared to wait until Meghan returned to Canada to hold the meeting: “It was only once Meg had left and gone back to Canada that it was then arranged that there was going to be a meeting at Sandringham on the following Monday,” he said. READ MORE: Prince William defended for ‘shouting’ at Harry as future King set ‘to lose most’ Meghan added: “Imagine a conversation, a roundtable discussion about the future of your life. When the stakes are this high. And you as the mum and the wife and the target, in many regards, aren't invited to have a seat at the table.” Although many details from the infamous summit remain secret, it has been said that Meghan and Harry did not leave with the outcome they initially set out for. In Finding Freedom, authors Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand wrote that part of the meeting included Charles' assurance that the Duke and Duchess were still a part of the family, regardless of their royal exit. They also claimed Queen Elizabeth was insistent that Meghan and Harry would not be "half-in, half-out" with their roles. In a statement following the Sandringham Summit, Her Majesty said: “Harry and Meghan have made clear that they do not want to be reliant on public funds in their new lives. It has therefore been agreed that there will be a period of transition in which the Sussexes will spend time in Canada and the UK.” More recently, in their Netflix series, Harry said he and Meghan were offered five options, ranging from "all in, no change," to "all out”. When they asked to choose something in-between, their choice was rejected and, according to the Prince, his family did not seem willing to compromise. “It became very clear very quickly that that goal was not up for discussion or debate,” he said. “It was terrifying to have my brother scream and shout at me, and my father say things that simply weren't true and my grandmother quietly sit there and sort of take it all in.” After the summit, Queen Elizabeth released a groundbreaking statement about the Sussexes’ exit. “Today my family had very constructive discussions on the future of my grandson and his family,” she said. “My family and I are entirely supportive of Harry and Meghan's desire to create a new life as a young family. Although we would have preferred them to remain full-time working Members of the Royal Family, we respect and understand their wish to live a more independent life as a family while remaining a valued part of my family.” “The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have confirmed to Her Majesty The Queen that they will not be returning as working members of The Royal Family,” the Buckingham Palace statement said. “Following conversations with The Duke, The Queen has written confirming that in stepping away from the work of The Royal Family it is not possible to continue with the responsibilities and duties that come with a life of public service.” It was also announced that Harry would lose his honorary military appointments, with other trusts and patronages given back to the Queen, including the Queen's Commonwealth Trust, the Rugby Football Union, the Rugby Football League, the Royal National Theatre, and the Association of Commonwealth Universities. Though the couple formally retained their His/Her Royal Highness titles, they no longer use them. Shortly after, Harry and Meghan pushed back with a statement that plainly referenced the Queen's: “We can all live a life of service. Service is universal.” The Sussexes’ office also insisted that the pair “remain committed to their duty and service to the U.K. and around the world, and have offered their continued support to the organizations they have represented regardless of official role”. In March 2020, Harry and Meghan conducted their final round of royal engagements before relocating to North America. Almost a year later, in February 2021, Buckingham Palace confirmed that the couple would not be returning to their royal roles. Neither Harry nor Meghan initially returned to the UK in the months after their royal exit, conflicting with their initial plan to “balance” their time between the UK and North America. Given the late Queen’s apparent refusal to allow the Sussexes to “continue with the responsibilities and duties that come with a life of public service”, the couple have pursued their own interests including deals with Netflix and Spotify, continuing their efforts under their non-profit Archewell and publishing books. While the outcome does not necessarily align with their original plans, the Sussexes have insisted that they are happy with the ultimate decision. “There are times when I’ve been angry, but I can’t be that angry because I genuinely feel that I, and we, are exactly where we’re supposed to be,” Harry said in the final episode of the Netflix series. “We’ve made it to the other side,” he continued, as Meghan added: “It’s amazing how things come full circle that you never think about.” The Duchess went on to read the speech she gave at her and Harry’s 2018 wedding, which chronicled their romance and relationship as what she described as a “modern fairy tale,” detailing their first meeting and hopes for a family, hinting at the challenges they faced as a couple and concluding: “Above all, love wins”.