Prince Harry’s new book ‘Spare’ was released on Tuesday and gives more insight into the relationship between members of the Royal Family. The 38-year-old spoke about King Charles and shared never heard of before details of the monarch’s life. Prince Harry even wrote about when his wife Meghan Markle met his father. The royal wrote: “Her hair was down because I suggested she wear it that way. Pa likes it when women wear their hair down. “Granny too. She often commented on ‘Kate’s beautiful mane’.” “Anyway, “Meg was wearing little make-up, which I’d also suggested, Pa didn’t approve of women who wore a lot.”    Prince Harry’s new book has revealed many new personal details about King Charles’ life to the public. The book claimed King Charles begins his day with a headstand and has a bar installed in his bedroom to help him balance. His Majesty also works extremely hard, according to the memoir, and both Prince Harry and Prince William supposedly found him at night sleeping at his desk in the evening. Harry went on to claim that King Charles had a teddy bear which he kept with him into adulthood In the book, Prince, Harry described the teddy bear as a “pitful object”, which marked how lonely the King’s childhood was. READ MORE: Prince Harry slammed for ‘embarrassing the UK’ with new Megxit memoir On Wednesday, King Charles was seen for the first time since Prince Harry’s interview with Stephen Colbert on the Late Show, in which the Duke of Sussex claimed he left Britain because of “abuse and harassment”. Prince Harry spoke about his new home and said he has created a “fantastic life in California”. His Majesty was spotted out driving in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, and has not publicly commented on any of the claims in Prince Harry’s new book. A royal source claimed that the Royal Family will not be responding to any of Prince Harry’s comments. According to the Mirror, they said: “The message is it’s very much business as usual. There’s lots to look forward to so the focus is on supporting communities and not being distracted, that’s best for everyone.” DON'T MISS:Charles did ‘headstands in just boxers’ like 'skilled acrobat' [REVEAL]Prince Harry claims father King Charles 'fell asleep' while working [INSIGHT]Meghan and Kate’s awkward interaction at major event after joke [REPORT] Meanwhile, recent data has suggested that the British public’s viewpoint on King Charles has not changed since ‘Spare’ came out. However, the Duke of Sussex's popularity has decreased. According to a recent YouGov survey, 45 percent viewed Prince Harry positively in September 2022 but now only a quarter do, with his net favourability plummeting to -38 percent. However, opinions of King Charles have not changed, as 60 percent still have a positive opinion of His Majesty, compared to just 28 percent who have a negative opinion of the monarch.