Major disrepair across the network is now so widespread one in five highways needs to be rebuilt. Last night angry industry chiefs and motorists joined forces to slam councils for failing in their legal duties to keep motorists safe. They hit out after the Daily Express passed a dossier of pictures exposing some of the worst examples, all from just one county. Rick Green, chairman of the Asphalt Industry Alliance, said: “Potholes are not inevitable. They are the result of poorly maintained roads due to long term under-funding. “Our annual Local Authority Road Maintenance survey highlighted that almost one in five local roads could need to be rebuilt in the next five years – that’s nearly 37,000 miles in England and Wales. “The link between continued underinvestment and ongoing structural decline and below-par surface conditions is clear. Local authorities tell us it would take £12.64billion to bring them up to scratch.” The pothole crisis is a nationwide emergency, but Sussex features some of the worst examples of disrepair. One stretch of highway straddling the East and West county border is littered with hundreds of craters.  In Haywards Heath, West Sussex, some are so deep they have been fenced off, but still remain unfilled. One, above, on the corner of a busy junction yards from the headquarters of Mid Sussex District Council, is almost half-a-metre deep. A road through Wivelsfield Green, East Sussex, resembles a lunar landscape. When the Express visited, one irate motorist shouted: “It’s like a bloody war zone. Why can’t someone – anyone – do something to fix the roads?” Councils blame a harsh and wet winter and volume of traffic, but the reality is many roads have been left to fall into disrepair for years. Cash-strapped local authorities have also been hit with a 25 percent increase in the cost of bitumen – a key material used in repairs. The Department for Transport promised to hand £500million to fix the equivalent of 10 million potholes across England’s roads over the next five years. But experts say this sum would barely scratch the surface. ● Is your town plagued by potholes? Send your examples to us at: giles.sheldrick@reachplc.com  There were 28,033 complaints about potholes to Sussex councils last year – equal to 77 every day. East Sussex County Council said it spends £1.46million every year fixing “safety defects” on roads. And since 2021 it has paid out £48,513 for vehicle damage caused by potholes. The authority claims it invested an extra £5.8million to repair roads and pavements in addition to an annual £35million budget for highways maintenance. It said: “Although we always see an increase in potholes during the winter, prolonged periods of wet and cold weather means potholes become larger and deeper more quickly than normal. We have more than doubled the number of repair teams and are working extended hours and at weekends.” Meanwhile, West Sussex County Council said 18,673 potholes were repaired, costing taxpayers £933,650. And since 2021 it has paid out £26,684.38 in compensation. It said: “We will do all we can to repair those that need filling for safety reasons as soon as possible. “In November and December, our teams received our second-highest number of reports on record.”  Pensioner Tony Ewell is one of hundreds who have come a cropper due to potholes. The former parish councillor was driving home when the rear wheels of his BMW “clipped” a crater hidden by water, instantly flattening the tyres. A related fault meant he needed four new ones. Repairs set him back £1,000. He has not bothered to ask the council for compensation for the pothole in North Chailey, East Sussex, because the lengthy bureaucratic battle is not worth the time or effort. Tony, 78, who has lived in the area for more than 40 years and is familiar with the roads, said: “My back tyres clipped [the pothole] and went pop. “None of the councils are doing anything about what is a seriously dangerous situation and it is embarrassing. People are very angry and rightly so.” Carole Rowe, 54, from nearby Hassocks in West Sussex, said: “I was driving recently and heard a bang. I thought, ‘This doesn’t sound good’ and a tyre was completely flat. It cost me £90. “Around here you see people swerving – it’s like they are drunk – but they are just trying to avoid potholes. The roads are awful and it’s dangerous.” 