Car insurance policies could be invalidated by small issues with car windows, according to motoring experts. Experts at LeaseCar warned that vehicles could become “illegal” if drivers switch out normal windows for tinted ones. Motorists also risk invalidating their car insurance covers if they fail to follow simple regulations. The experts added that any updates “must stay within the legal limit” at all times. The experts at LeaseCar said: “Any modifications made by you or the previous owner before taking out a policy must be reported to the insurance provider – no matter how small they may be. “If the work is yet to be carried out, it is also essential the modifications stay within the legal limit. “For example, window tints on side windows must let at least 70 percent of light through.  READ MORE: Speed camera myths busted including flashing headlights and '10% rule' “Any more than this and they become illegal.” Window tints are popular as they bring a range of benefits for road users. The tinted screens can help protect drivers' health by blocking ultraviolet light. This could decrease the effects of health concerns such as skin cancers, wrinkles and cataracts. DON'T MISS Growing dissent from car manufacturers could derail EV plans [INSIGHT] Drivers encouraged to use a 'magic' one-button tip to defrost car [REVEAL] Engine oil mistake may lead to 'staggering' petrol and diesel costs [WARNING]  Tinted windows can also provide some security for your car as it is difficult for thieves to look inside. Breakdown experts at GreenFlag have also previously warned drivers about tinting car windows. They also confirmed a certain amount of light must be visible through cars at all times. For vehicles registered before April 1, 1985, the front screen and side glass must let at least 70 percent of light through. READ MORE: Little-known car button can instantly slash fuel consumption by 12% However, for vehicles registered after this date, windscreens must let at least 75 percent light through, with 70 percent light through the side window. They have also warned drivers must inform their insurance provider of any upgrades to avoid being caught out. They said: “As with any modification, insurers need to know. “Whatever the change people are making, I always advise them to ask their insurer beforehand.  “It’s an easy way of preventing any unpleasant surprises. “You must tell your insurer even if you’re tinting rear glass to improve security or protect young kids from the sun. “The message is tinting glass may affect your premium or the ability to get cover.” 