They came in the middle of the night, dragging 14-year-old Emmett Till from his bed at gunpoint. They tortured, mutilated and shot him, dumping his broken body in a river, tied down with barbed wire to a 75-pound metal cotton gin fan. The schoolboy’s offence: allegedly wolf-whistling at a white woman. Emmett Till was a black boy from Chicago, visiting relatives in Mississippi’s Deep South, unaccustomed to the racial prejudice and casual violence that would cost him his life. His death might have gone unnoticed outside of a few lines in the local newspaper, if not for his single mother’s relentless refusal to have his murder brushed under racism’s carpet. Mamie Till demanded, against all advice, that her son’s casket be open at his funeral, exposing bigotry’s brutal butchery. “I wanted the world to see what they did to my baby,” she said. Amid death threats Emmett’s mother testified in court against his killers, and campaigned for justice for her slain son, helping to ignite the civil rights movement that swept across America in the years that followed. The tragic story of Emmett Till’s murder and his mother’s heroic determination that his death not be in vain, have been captured in a moving new film, Till, which opens in cinemas today. Oscar winner Whoopi Goldberg, 67, who produced the movie and plays Emmett’s indomitable grandmother Alma, says: “It’s taken over a decade to get this done. People would say, ‘Well, nobody wants to see this.’ Or, ‘Everybody knows the story. Why do you want to wake this up?’” Studios repeatedly turned down requests for financing. James Bond producer Barbara Broccoli, 62, who co-produced Till, said: “They were saying, ‘Why would you want to tell this story, it’s depressing?’, people don’t want to talk about this history. They just weren’t interested, they didn’t think it was worth making.” Then in May 2020 unemployed black truck driver George Floyd, aged 46, was killed by Minneapolis police in Minnesota who choked him to death in public with a knee on his neck. Floyd’s death, captured on video, sparked riots and angry demonstrations across the US.  “Suddenly, people are going, ‘Maybe we’re missing something,’” says Goldberg, who finally saw her movie secure financial backing. “It’s about a mother and son, but it’s also about the courage of one woman seeking justice for her son who was murdered by a system in America that in a funny way still prevails today.” The film’s screenwriter, Keith Beauchamp, spent decades with Emmett’s family developing the script, and says: “When Emmett Till’s mother made the decision to have an open casket funeral, so that the world could see her son, it was a pivotal moment that galvanised the American civil rights movement. “There’s no other story that speaks more to this generation and to the political climate and racial climate of this country, than the story of Emmett Louis Till. I believe that when this story is told it can awaken the sleeping giant… for change, that this… is not only a movie, but a movement.” Goldberg, who starred in films including The Color Purple and Ghost, marvels at Mamie Till’s courage in publicly displaying her son’s brutalised, waterlogged body. “It struck me that it wasn’t just the sight of her son, but the scent in her nose,” says the actress. “Would I have been able to do that?” Mamie Till is played by Danielle Deadwyler, 40, who says: “Everyone thinks and knows that this could be you. This could be my cousin. Everyone connects to this experience: that you are living a beautiful life of some sort, and then tragedy comes.” It came for Emmett Till – played on-screen by 16-year-old Jalyn Hall – on a trip from his Chicago home to visit cousins in the impoverished small hamlet of Money, Mississippi, in the depths of the Jim Crow South.  On August 24, 1955, Emmett and his cousins visited Bryant’s Grocery & Meat Market, where they bought sweets and gum. Pretty 21-year-old brunette Carolyn Bryant served the boys, and as they left Emmett wolf-whistled at her. Bryant warned that she had a gun, and the teens fled. But Bryant told a different story to her husband, Roy, claiming that Emmett had grabbed her hand and asked for a date. When she pulled her hand away, Emmett allegedly said: “What’s the matter, baby, can’t you take it?” Bryant’s story later grew to claim that Emmett put his arm around her waist, saying: “Don’t be afraid of me, I’ve been with white girls before.” Roy gathered some friends and, after learning where the youngster was staying, raided the house in the night, wielding guns and demanding: “We want to talk to the fat boy who did the talking.” They took Emmett to see Carolyn Bryant, who appears to have identified him as her wolf-whistling tormentor. His mangled body was found days later in the Tallahatchie River. “He was a kid,” says Whoopi Goldberg. “He may have been tall, but this was a little boy, and these folks came and murdered him.” The movie deliberately avoids showing Emmett’s savage torture and murder, says writer Beauchamp: “This is not the trauma porn film some have said this would be… this story is told with dignity and respect.”  Roy Bryant and his half-brother John Milam were tried for the murder, but astonishingly claimed Emmett’s death was self-defence. Their lawyers argued that the battered body was not Emmett, accusing civil rights organisations of throwing a “rotten, stinking corpse” into the river, aiming to “destroy the Southern way of life”. The all-white jury deliberated for just 67 minutes, and found the two men not guilty. Interviewed after the verdict, all the jurors admitted believing that Roy Bryant and Milam had killed Emmett, yet voted to acquit. As one juror explained: “A negro had insulted a white woman. Her husband would not be prosecuted for killing him.” Months later Bryant and Milam, having earned a packet for their story, confessed to the murder, protected from prosecution by America’s double jeopardy law. Mamie Till’s insistence on an open casket for her son’s funeral sparked national outrage at the brutality of the Deep South’s endemic racism, and she relentlessly campaigned for change. During the trial she sat in the Tallahatchie County courtroom despite the dangers. Emmett’s cousin, Wheeler Parker, says: “She was afraid of coming in… She didn’t know if she’d be able to get in and out of the courtroom alive. That was the atmosphere back then. You could be killed, and nothing would be done about it.” Mamie, remarried and taking the name Till-Mobley, travelled across the country lecturing about her son’s murder and American racism for The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. She fundraised for black rights organisations and became a teacher, advocating for impoverished children. In 2003 she published her memoir: Death of Innocence: The Story of the Hate Crime That Changed America. Years later, Carolyn Bryant Donham recanted her claim that Emmett had made sexual advances to her, telling biographer Timothy Tyson, “That part wasn’t true.”  But in her unpublished memoir, I Am More Than A Wolf Whistle, Bryant clung to her original story, though she said of Emmett: “His death was tragic and uncalled for beyond all doubt.” She concluded: “I am truly sorry for the pain his family was caused.” Bryant Donham is still alive, now in her 80s and reportedly living in North Carolina. An unserved warrant for her arrest – discovered in the basement of a Mississippi courthouse – has led to calls from Emmett’s surviving relatives that the case be reopened and she be arrested for her involvement in the kidnapping and murder. “Justice has to be served,” Emmett’s cousin Deborah Watts said. However, the chances seem slender, and the new film comes too late for Mamie, who died of heart failure in 2003, aged 81. “We wanted to get it done in her lifetime, but we weren’t able to make that happen,” adds Goldberg. “I know she forgave us, because she knew we were trying. But this, I think, will be a huge step. “You can’t ever erase what happened to Emmett Till, but you can make sure that it doesn’t happen again.” 