Britain faces nothing like the economic crisis that confronted the USA 90 years ago. Nevertheless, a mood of gloom hangs over our country, fuelled by crippling inflation, public sector strikes, anaemic growth, heavy taxation and massive state debts. Energy bills are too high, level of productivity too low. Only this week it was reported that Government borrowing for December 2022 was the highest ever for that month, while the output of new cars in Britain has fallen to its lowest level since 1956. The sense of malaise formed a troubling backdrop for Jeremy Hunt as he delivered his much-hyped speech at the headquarters of the Bloomberg news giant in London. Precisely because there are now such deepening concerns about Britain’s economic prospects, this was far from a routine appearance by the Chancellor. The battered, anxious public was looking for a coherent plan that would provide reassurance for the present and hope for the future. To an extent, Hunt succeeded. A restrained performer, he has none of Roosevelt’s charismatic grandeur, yet his measured style promotes confidence and calm. It is telling that since he took over from Kwasi Kwarteng last autumn, the money markets have been much less volatile. Yesterday, this air of stability was combined with a spirit of optimism, as he contradicted the doom-mongers by talking up the strengths of the British economy, particularly our gift for high-tech innovation. The fashionable emphasis on Britain’s supposed decline is “wrong”, he said, pointing out that Britain is a world leader in life sciences, the creative industries, clean energy and financial services. Ours is one of only three global economies that has a digital sector worth more than a trillion dollars, while three of the world’s top ten universities are British. Indeed, much of his speech was a bracing antidote to the narrative of woe that dominates the airwaves, often pushed by politically motivated anti-Tory trade unions, pressure group campaigners and pro-Remain experts. Equally positive was Hunt’s vision for the future of Britain as “the world’s next Silicon Valley” and one “of Europe’s most exciting, innovative and prosperous economies.” This ambitious goal would be reached, he announced, through a blueprint that embraced four themes: support for enterprise and risk-taking through low taxation; improved skills education; a rebalancing of the economy by encouraging growth everywhere rather than just in the south-east; and a drive to increase employment by no longer enabling citizens to languish on the economic scrapheap. This focus on jobs was the most important passage of the speech, and Hunt is absolutely right to argue that comprehensive reform of the labour market, the welfare state and the tax system is urgently needed to break the present culture of subsidized mass idleness where 9 million adults of working age are economically inactive and more than five million of them are dependent on benefits. “We will never harness the full potential of our country unless we unlock it for every citizen”, he said with a rare rhetorical flourish. Yet, for all his noble intentions, there was a vagueness about the speech that made it unsatisfying. He could not go into extensive budgetary details, of course, but he failed to provide an explanation as to how his vision would be achieved. In effect, he described the destination without giving the route. He talked of the potential of Brexit to bring greater flexibility and deregulation, but almost seven years after the Referendum the British people are still waiting for action. Nor was much substance added to the pledge of reform to get millions back to work. Is the Government considering sanctions or cuts in benefits? There was also a contradiction between his long-term demand to make Britain the “most competitive” tax regime of any major nation and his refusal to consider any tax cuts now, even though the tax burden is at its heaviest since the 1940s. “The best tax cut now is a cut in inflation,” he stressed. But businesses and workers are looking for support now. They would have found only limited relief in yesterday’s distant promises.