Arsenal are closing in on signing Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk in the January transfer window to bolster Mikel Arteta's Premier League title challenge. But the Gunners are already eyeing the next two pieces of the ever-evolving puzzle of the Spaniard's flourishing project. After Shakhtar rejected Arsenal's initial offer worth around £55million for Mudryk, they have returned with an improved bid close to £60m. Despite the Ukrainian giants publicly demanding £85m, the Londoners believe a compromise can be reached via a more favourable structure of payments. Arsenal have committed to paying more of the fee upfront and remain in daily contact with Shakhtar to reach an agreement over the marquee move. But while Mudryk will likely be the club's only big-money arrival this winter, Arsenal's relentless spending under Arteta's regime isn't expected to slow down in the summer. According to the Evening Standard, the Gunners want to continue strengthening the Spaniard's squad by recruiting a left-sided centre-back and central midfielder next. JUST IN: Man Utd have Giroud 'on their radar' with striker expecting offer Arsenal are on course for a return to the Champions League after a six-year hiatus, and Arteta will want to reinforce his squad to prepare for Europe's premier competition. In recent months, a cluster of centre-backs and midfielders have been linked with a switch to the Emirates Stadium. Arsenal are reportedly interested in Eintracht Frankfurt defender Evan Ndicka. The 23-year-old's contract expires in July, so he will be able on a free transfer at the end of the season or potentially a cut-price fee this month. Arteta has also been credited with an interest in Corinthians teenager Robert Renan. The young Brazilian only made his senior debut last April but is highly rated and has a £44m release clause in his contract. READ MORE: Arsenal 'intensify interest in Ligue 1 striker phenomenon' Youri Tielemans has been at the forefront of midfield links for months, with Arsenal heavily tipped to snap him up on a free transfer this summer. The 25-year-old is expected to let his Leicester City contract expire, and the Gunners are known admirers. A January pursuit could go ahead, though, if there is room in the budget after Mudryk's capture. Arsenal's interest in Palmeiras ace Danilo also came to the fore at the end of the 2021 summer transfer window. However, the Brazilian outfit weren't ready to allow his exit midway through their season. The defensive-minded 21-year-old was crucial to their title win and could provide quality, high-potential back-up for Thomas Partey. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here