Paris Saint-Germain are reportedly struggling to strike a deal for Hakim Ziyech because Chelsea are being ‘greedy’ in negotiations. The winger is desperate to leave the club after the influx of new signings at Stamford Bridge. The Blues made it their priority to strengthen their forward ranks this month, with the club struggling with a growing number of injury problems in the final third. Graham Potter has certainly addressed that issue with the marquee signing of Mykhaylo Mudryk from Shakhtar Donetsk in a deal worth £88million. Noni Madueke was also signed from PSV to provide another option down the right, with Potter a long-term admirer of the English prospect. Chelsea also were incredibly short of No 9 options, though that matter was soon addressed with the arrivals of Joao Felix and David Datro Fofana. The news has left some Blues stars pondering how they will fit into the squad for the second half of the season and pleading for a move in what remains of the window. According to Edu Aguirre, Ziyech is hoping to join PSG on loan for the remainder of the season but Chelsea are holding up the deal. The Blues are attempting to insert a mandatory buyout clause into the contract of the player, though the Ligue 1 outfit are not happy with that arrangement and refusing to advance with negotiations as a result. It is said that the substantial interest in Ziyech has prompted Chelsea to become ‘greedy’ in their demands, which has reportedly prompted the player to intervene and make it known that he wants the deal to go through. According to Santi Aouna, the 29-year-old has completed his medical with PSG and is now waiting in a hotel in Paris to secure the move. The player is waiting for an agreement to be reached so that he can return to the club and pen the deal, with time certainly of the essence. Though Ziyech’s departure is unlikely to be the priority for Chelsea with such little time left in the window. The club are instead prioritising the signing of Benfica star Enzo Fernandez, who is currently completing his medical in Portugal in hope of securing the move. The Blues have submitted a £115m bid for his services, which will be paid in instalments rather than as a lump sum like his release clause (£105m) would have been, and confidence is growing that a deal can finally be reached.