A health expert has said the Meghan risks being seen as part of a traumatised narrative, but says she and Harry can protect their children, three-year-old son Archie and one-year-old daughter Lilibet, against the impact of the Royal Family fued. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Abdullah Boulad, behavioural expert and CEO of luxury rehabilitation centre THE BALANCE said: "Meghan will always be a part of the traumatised dynamic and in the public eye. "[However] she has the possibility to become more self-determined with time and give Archie and Lili a more 'normal' life." Due to their parents royal exit in 2020, the two little ones have only met their royal relatives a few times over the past years. Archie, now three-years-old, was born in the UK in May 2019, and was only a few months shy of his first birthday when Meghan and Harry announced their plans to step down as senior royals. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan should steer clear of Coronation and lose royal titles, UK public says The couple's second child, Lilibet Diana, who is affectionately named after the late monarch and Harry's late mother, was born in the US in June 2021. The little girl reportedly celebrated her first birthday in the UK, along with her parents and elder brother, amid the Platinum Jubilee celebrations taking place over the same weekend. Amid the release of his memoir, and accompanying host of interviews, Harry revealed, in an interview published by People magazine, his hope for a reconciliation. A reconnection with the Royal Family would allow his two children to form relationships with his father King Charles III, his brother Prince William and the rest of the Royal Family, which is something that Harry is said to desire. READ MORE: 'Harry finally dealt with Diana's death by taking hallucinogenic drug ayahuasca' He told People magazine: "I've said before that I've wanted a family, not an institution — so of course, I would love nothing more than for our children to have relationships with members of my family." He said that Archie and Lilibet "do with some", adding that this "brings me great joy". Prior to their royal exit, Harry and Meghan lived for a few months at Frogmore Cottage, which was a short distance from Windsor Castle. In their six-episode docu-series, the couple shared sweet clips of their two children. The family-of-four now reside in Montecito, California. DON'T MISS