The Prince and Princess of Wales were caught breaking royal protocol during their first royal first visit since the release of Prince Harry's book 'Spare'. While the couple were thanking hardworking caregivers operating across Merseyside's healthcare and mental health services, Kate and William posed for selfies - in direct breach of the royal protocol. The little-known rule, which bans any member of the Royal Household from taking selfies, became public knowledge thanks to Meghan Markle in 2017. As she embarked in her new role as working royal, the Duchess of Sussex turned down an invitation to take a selfie with a royal fan during a public walkabout in Nottingham with Prince Harry. According to the Mirror, she politely told one couple: "We're not allowed to take selfies." The rule started to make its way in the long list of the Royal Family's protocol rules when the late Queen Elizabeth II reported finding it "strange" to see nothing but the backs of mobile phones whenever she looked up. Her Majesty reportedly told Matthew Barzun, the US ambassador "I miss eye contact" during a "nice chat" they had when he presented his credentials at Buckingham Palace after his appointment in 2013. The Prince and Princess of Wales officially were opening the Royal Liverpool Hospital when they posed for a selfie with healthcare assistant Anne O'Hara. During that same visit, their first royal engagement since the release of Prince Harry's autobiography, Spare, William was asked if he was "hurt" by the Duke's comments. The Daily Express' royal correspondent Richard Palmer tweeted: "Everybody meeting the royals today seems to have been instructed not to mention the controversy over Prince Harry’s book. William ignored a question shouted out about it. These are the first public engagements since Spare was published." While, the Daily Mail's Royal Editor Rebecca English noted that it was "so windy today, I doubt they even heard it".  READ MORE: Air New Zealand brutally mocks Harry and Meghan In his bombshell memoir, Harry wrote his brother attacked him and "grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and … knocked me to the floor" after calling Meghan "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive", which Harry calls a "parrot[ing of] the press narrative" about his American wife. Joining The Late Show on Tuesday, the Duke of Sussex showed host Stephen Colbert the necklace. Pointing to the book, Mr Colbert asked: "It says he broke your necklace. Which necklace was this that he broke?" The Duke proceeded to pull out the cord tucked under his shirt, Harry said: "This one, which is now fixed," and explained two of them represent his "kids' heartbeats" with cardiograms for son Archie, 3, and daughter Lilibet, 1. "And a friend of mine in Botswana made this for me, which has got tiger's eye on it." DON'T MISS:'One word' in key interview that shows Harry's 'internal conflict' [REPORT] William publicly responds to Harry claims for first time [REPORT] Kate & William turn heads in matching 'muted winter tones' - pictures [REPORT] Turning the conversation to Princess Diana and what she would make of the row between her two sons today, Mr Colbert asked: "If your mother were still alive, do you ever think about how she might handle this moment?" Harry replied: "We wouldn't have got to this moment. It's impossible to say where we would be now — where those relationships would be now — but there is no way that the distance between my brother and I would be the same." Members of the Royal Family have not commented on Harry's allegations, but royal sources claim they could hit back at the Sussexes by stripping them of their titles. A royal source told Us Weekly that "there’s a very real decision to be made of course with respect to whether or not the Sussexes get to keep their titles," adding that, "the way to strike back would be to approve a measure whereby Harry and Meghan are stripped of their titles, and that’s a very real possibility – certainly if the toxicity doesn’t eventually subside." READ NEXT:I recreated Kate Middleton's bouncy curls in just 5 minutes - resultsKate Garraway received ‘wake up call’ to quit smoking for her kidsKing Charles, William and Kate say it's 'business as usual'Harry takes swipe at Kate after Meghan's medicine snubKate Garraway emotional recalling battle to get hospital bed for Derek