Queen Rania shared a photo of herself and the First Lady of Egypt on her Instagram yesterday, January 17. The caption accompanying the photo read: "Grateful for the generous hospitality of Mrs. Entissar El Sisi, wife of Egyptian President Abdel Fattah El Sisi, while joining His Majesty on a visit to Cairo today." For the visit, Rania looked stunning in a new blue blouse and matching skirt. The two-piece was new, but Rania carried a bag she has been seen carrying many times in the past. The blouse was called the 'Allica' Cutout Washed-Satin Blouse in Storm Blue from international brand By Malene Birger. The garment was on sale on Net-A-Porter for £240, but is no longer available to buy on the fashion website. READ MORE: Makeup mistakes women over 50 make that can ‘add years to your face’ It had a high neck and long, slightly puffed sleeves which were narrow at the cuffs. It was made of satin and Rania had tucked it neatly into her skirt. The skirt was the same colour as the blouse, called the Pinstriped Cotton-Blend Twirl Skirt from Fendi. The garment has a skater-skirt style to it and can be found on eBay for as little as £300. DON'T MISS:Game-changing method to squeeze lemons properly - no seeds fall out [VIDEO]Zara & Mike Tindall display ‘sizzling’ body language in new clip [COMMENT]The four luckiest animals in the Year of the Rabbit [HOROSCOPE] The skirt reached just below Rania's knees, showing off her bare shins. She completed the outfit with the Fendi Peekaboo Selleria Blue Roman Leather Mini Handbag, which is navy blue with silver finishes. It had a mini strap, a silver buckle, and a silver pattern on each side. On her feet, Rania wore a pair of shiny, navy blue heels, with a pointed toe. READ MORE: Beauty expert’s 5-step routine to reverse ‘sagging jawline & jowls’ Rania's hair was tousled in its usual wavy style, and she wore minimal make-up. Royal fans were quick to comment on the royal's outfit, and many were impressed by her look. Instagram user @stage_left_ wrote: "I like this outfit. It looks meh in the pictures of the individual pieces but it looks great on Queen Rania - so good I didn’t even notice the weird sleeves in the picture of her. The top is definitely a 'tuck in' shirt, but it’s clear she realised that." User @luxmeagainpreloved said: "This is a gorgeous outfit. Fits her beautifully." User @farah_abd_elwhab wrote: "Although I liked the look very much and the color is wonderful, but I was surprised by it, because the weather in Egypt is very cold, and I also liked the clothes of the First Lady of Egypt." User @plbatch56 added: "All of it is weird, the angles on the skirt, the pieced together top, nice colour though." Meanwhile, Mrs Entissar El Sisi wore a navy blue trouser suit with a long jacket, adorned with gold buttons. On her feet she donned a pair of black ballet flats.