Arsenal transfer target Mykhaylo Mudryk must remain quiet and not attempt to force a move, claims former Shakhtar Donetsk defender Oleksandr Sokpo. The winger is keen on joining the Gunners but a fee is yet to be agreed between the two clubs. Arsenal are keen on taking advantage of their league position by recruiting in January. Mudryk is their top target to bolster Mikel Arteta's attacking options. The Premier League leaders have seen one offer worth around £55million rejected and are set to see their second of £62m also turned down. Mudryk has given a clear hint on social media that he is hoping to move to north London this month. He has posted videos of himself watching two Arsenal matches and has also liked multiple posts regarding a potential switch to the Emirates. But Sokpo, who had a nine-year spell at Shakhtar between 1981 and 1990, has sent the 22-year-old some advice. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  He claims a resolution will be found if the circumstances are right and says Mudryk must not publicly demand a move away from Shakhtar. Sopko told Ukrainian outlet footboom: "In any transfer, the interests of three parties, the club, the player and the coach, must be taken into account, and if they coincide, then such a transfer is the best option. "Shakhtar have considerable experience in this matter, know how to sell players and know it’s turning point, the moment when you can agree on a certain amount. I think that Mudryk needs to trust the club and not make any statements." Arsenal are not keen on overspending on a player who has played fewer than 50 first-team games for Shakhtar. But Sopko believes Mudryk is capable of producing "miracles" on the pitch and is worth what Shakhtar are asking for. He added: "Football players like Mudryk are an exclusive product. He is very expensive. DON'T MISSGrealish throws Kepa under the bus and questions Haaland in epic interviewChelsea star warned he may 'never play again' for Potter after Man City lossTottenham may have found their next Dele Alli in 'clever' star Conte loves  "First of all, because such a player usually significantly affects the game, is able to do something extraordinary, create a miracle. Therefore, the club that wants to buy Mykhaylo must understand that the sum will have to be paid a substantial amount." Despite a relative lack of experience at senior level, Sokpo is convinced Mudryk is ready for the Premier League. He continued: "Yes, he has matured, and it is time for him to change the situation. "A new challenge in life is always important. He is at such a young age, when a footballer has not yet fully formed, that it is useful to change the team and the league, to move to the championship, where there is more tension, where you will be opposed by super players - the best, from all over the world."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here