Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp namechecked transfer target Matheus Nunes while heaping praise on FA Cup opponents Wolves. The Reds sailed past the Midlands outfit on Tuesday night thanks to Harvey Elliott’s wonder goal, but Klopp was impressed by Wolves’ midfield. Nunes has been linked with Liverpool as part of the club’s overhaul of their midfield. The Merseyside club decided not to sign the Portugal international in the summer, instead allowing him to join Wolves from Sporting Lisbon. But they could revive their interest either in January or the summer. Wide-ranging reports have suggested that Liverpool could end up spending around £42million on the 24-year-old, who joined Wolves for a similar fee. Klopp was impressed by Nunes and midfield partner Ruben Neves as Liverpool advanced to the FA Cup fourth round. He claimed his reported target made the game ‘twice as hard’ for his team. JUST IN: Liverpool owners FSG respond to 'Qatari takeover' “It’s important in a game like this that you don’t get carried away. Because they did well, yes, [but] we dropped a bit deeper, I didn’t like that too much, Wolves came up a little bit,” the German told journalists. “When you have Neves in the game it changes everything pretty much, and then when Nunes is on the pitch as well it’s twice as difficult. “We did really well. We changed, we just had to be serious and sensible, that we really do that in the right moments.” Liverpool are desperate to revamp their midfield in 2023. Klopp’s side sit a lowly ninth in the Premier League, and a major reason for their underwhelming performances has been the poor midfield displays. DON'T MISS...Man Utd owners the Glazers 'set to receive offer' from US investorsMateusz Klich wishes Lewandowski good luck over 'Leeds transfer'Man Utd legend looks unrecognisable with huge white beard in pub photo The Liverpool manager’s main midfield options are over 30, while the younger stars are not deemed to be ready for regular top-flight football just yet. Nunes would provide a major upgrade on the players currently available to Klopp. Klopp has insisted publicly that the club will not spend any more money in the January transfer window. He claims that the entire budget went on the £35m arrival of Cody Gakpo from PSV. However, there remains the possibility that Liverpool could sign one more player before the end of the month to give them a boost in their pursuit of Champions League football for next season. Jude Bellingham is Liverpool’s top target, but the England starlet is unlikely to leave Borussia Dortmund until the end of the season.