BBC broadcaster Jennie Gow, who works on Radio 5 Live's Formula One coverage, has given a promising health update after suffering a "serious stroke". Gow revealed two weeks ago that she had suffered a stroke just after Christmas, stating that her speech had been "most affected" and that she was "finding it hard to write". Taking to social media, Gow wrote: "Hi everyone, been quiet the last few weeks, this is because I suffered a serious stroke two weeks ago. "My husband is helping me type this, as I'm finding it hard to write and my speech is most affected. I'm desperate to make a full recovery and return to work but it might take some time. "Thank you to the medical teams at Frimley and St George’s and my family and friends who’ve got me through the last fortnight X." Gow has now shared an update on social media a month on from her stroke. JUST IN: FIA chief Ben Sulayem comes under fire for old sexist comments The broadcaster told fans she is undergoing daily rehab and "seeing progress", despite it being "exhausting". "A month ago today I collapsed with a Stroke," Gow wrote. "With a lot of help from the NHS, friends and family we are finding our feet in this post Stroke world. I am having rehab every day (with lots of homework) and we are seeing progress but I can't tell you how exhausting it is!" Gow also paid tribute to her husband Jamie Coley and her daughter, adding: "A final mention to my daughter and most importantly the husband, @jamiecoley396 Without him, I might not be here now. (Excuse any mistakes - learning the write again is tough) Thanks for your support!!" DON'T MISSMax Verstappen fans to be have dedicated stands in 2023Sky Sports F1 axe pundits Johnny Herbert and Paul di Resta for 2023Mercedes factory mood 'tense' as 'good engineers' leave Silver Arrows Several of Gow's colleagues have sent her well-wishes, with fellow BBC broadcaster Sonali Shah writing: "Oh Jenny - sending you love and strength for your recovery." "One day at a time Sending you lots of love xx," added presenter Nicola Hume, while racing driver Alice Powell wrote: "Keep strong hun, you can do this".