It takes a lot for me to be shocked. But this week I was. Cursing the striking rail workers, I had to drive into London from Kent for an event – a stupidly time-consuming journey. I naturally assumed that everyone else at this event there would be as livid as I was. After all, just like me, they all had their travel times tripled through these wretched strikes. But oh no. Far from cursing the strikers, almost all my fellow event-goers announced they heartily approved of them. “They’re right to do what they doing”, said one. “They’ll show the Tories,” said another. “They’re paid a pittance”, said a third. I had to do a double take. What? You support people victimising the public just to get more money in their own pockets? You think train drivers, already paid twice as much as nurses, should get even more? Yes they did. In fact, not only were they on the strikers’ side, but they were delighted to proclaim their views as loudly as possible to anyone within hearing distance. They obviously regarded their opinions as the ultimate demonstration of virtue. Meanwhile, the minority of us who believed the strikers are unforgivably selfish, pursuing actions that will, if successful, deepen any recession and lead to economic misery for all, were stunned into silence (not that it stopped me). Our opinions, which would have been regarded as common sense just a few years ago, are now, it appears, a source of shame. Until that moment I didn’t believe the polls that said half the population supported the strikers. It just couldn’t be true, I thought. I just didn’t believe there could be enough people out there with such self-defeating convictions. But the scales have fallen from my eyes. Far from being niche, support for the strikers is widespread and mainstream, loud and terrifyingly proud. Now, okay, that was just one event in notoriously left-wing London. It’s hardly a representative sample. But it’s also a sign of Britain’s self-inflicted decline. We all know about the “shy Tory” phenomenon – the reticence of people from the centre-right to defend their views in public, and the corresponding self-righteous delight with which left-wingers support theirs. It’s been happening for years. But it has never applied to strikes before. If you’re old enough to remember the 1980s, the last time we had industrial action on this scale, those of us opposing striking miners and recognising the vital importance of Arthur Scargill’s defeat, not only outnumbered the strike supporters, but were every bit as vocal.  Now, however, the social pressure is on us to keep quiet. And strikes, I fear, aren’t the only issue where centre-right opinion is now socially unacceptable in many circles. We all know about Brexit. But what about believing that Just Stop Oil should be castigated when they grind the country to a halt? Is that a source of shame too? And what about the sensible conviction that we must disincentivise migrants from crossing the channel in tiny, leaky boats, so that they don’t drown? Should we apologise for that? That’s the way it’s going. Soon, it will be admirable only to promote the full panoply of woke causes, from bending the knee, wearing masks in the middle of the Yorkshire Dales, and blocking motorways, to tearing down statues, locking the country down each winter, teaching toddlers about LGBTQ+ rights and raising the top rate of tax to 90p in the pound. Before we know it, the UK will be in a state of bloated, wokish, impoverished, debt-fuelled anarchy. We’re already halfway there. Is there any way back? Perhaps we need a Keir Starmer government before we see just how bad things can get and we’re finally jolted back to sense. David Cameron once said that each generation needs to win the battle against socialism. Well, my God, we’ve certainly got a battle on our hands.