And judging by a sneak peek for Monday’s instalment of NCIS Hawaii, entitled Shields Up, it looks like Jane (played by Vanessa Lachey) may have finally lost patience with her son’s new flame. Supporting the theory that Jane will be the one who ends up causing the separation of Alex (Kian Talan) and Cassandra (Sierra Swartz), CBS viewers will witness the young girl step on Jane’s toes once more. After all, Jane’s made her disdain for the older-than-Alex Cassandra pretty well-known ever since she entered the fray back in episode four of season two. Not only has Cassandra’s bubbly attitude irked Jane, but the influence she had on his college decision also didn’t sit well with the NCIS Hawaii lead. In Shields Up, a sneak peek confirms Cassandra will be waiting hand and foot on an under-the-weather Alex, much to Jane’s annoyance. The teaser clip opens with Jane arriving home to a sniffly Alex as she beckons: “Alex, I’m home. Soup will be ready in like 45 minutes, okay?” READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston in tears as he recalls 'seeing daughter' in tough death scene Before Alex can muster a response, Cassandra interrupts armed with a bowl and shoots Jane down. “Oh, no need, Jane,” Cassandra quips. “Soup is covered for our little patient.” “Cassandra,” a clearly frustrated Jane remarks before sarcastically adding: “How sweet.” Turning her attention to her son on the sofa where Cassandra has now snuggled up to him, she asks: “How are you feeling, buddy?” “Still not great,” Alex replies before Cassandra chips in: “It’s probably stress from everything he has going on. You know it wreaks havoc on the immune system.” “Or he’s just sick,” Jane emphatically hits back to shut Cassandra down, prompting an eye roll from her son. Luckily for Jane, Cassandra’s mum rings her, forcing the youngster to leave the sofa. “My mum, always something, am I right?” Cassandra swipes before getting to her feet and leaving Jane alone with Alex. DON'T MISS:1000lb Best Friends row erupts as Vanessa blasts sister over fast foodAubrey Plaza leaves SNL fans ‘in tears’ with Parks and Rec skitBlue Bloods fans outraged as Danny and Baez romance dealt huge blow Alex then informs his mum he’s been watching crime documentaries with Cassandra to pass the time before Jane checks his temperature. “Still warm but a little better,” she surmises before a call from Ernie (Jason Antoon) diverts her attention. It’s clear throughout Jane isn’t pleased with Cassandra caring for Alex more than she can, given her work duties. But could this interaction finally be the last straw and prompt Jane to no longer bite her tongue with her true feeling towards Cassandra? Spotting a rift between his girlfriend and mother, it’d come as no surprise to Alex if Jane were to try and separate the two. And after stepping on her toes with the soup, Jane would clearly love nothing more than to have her son to herself. Could this be the beginning of the end for Cassandra and Alex if Jane gets her way? It’d undoubtedly go down well with fans who’ve made their dislike for Cassandra known ever since she began meddling in Alex’s life. NCIS Hawaii season 2 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA. Season 2 continues Wednesdays on Disney+ in the UK.