Shop opening times vary during the Christmas and New Year period. Today, January 1, most supermarkets are open, but their hours are different to usual. Aldi Although most supermarkets are open today, Aldi will be closed. The German retailer was also closed on Christmas Day and Boxing Day. Lidl Lidl will be closed today, but the supermarket is urging customers to check their local branch’s opening hours as they may vary across stores. Customers can check their local opening times here. READ MORE: 'Fatal' royal rift 'caught on camera' but Kate tries to save the day Asda Asda will be open on New Year’s Day with normal hours. Asda Superstores typically open at 7am and close at 10pm or 11pm. However, times may vary at some stores, and so Asda is still asking shoppers to check individual store hours. They can do so here. Co-op Today, Co-op stores will be open between 8am and 8pm. The retailer’s stores were also open on Boxing Day, but closed on Christmas Day. Morrisons The supermarket will be open today from 10am to 6pm. Tesco Today, Tesco Extras and Superstores in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland will be open for normal Sunday trading hours. These can be either from 10am to 4pm, 11am to 5pm, or 12pm to 6pm. Scotland Extras and Superstores are open today from 10am to 6pm, and Express stores from 8am to 8pm. The majority of Express stores are open from 8am to 10pm, but some larger Express stores might have shorter hours. Customers can check their local opening times here. Waitrose Most Waitrose stores will be closed today, but a small selection of branches will have differing opening hours. Shoppers can check their local opening times here. Marks and Spencer Most Marks and Spencer stores will be open on New Year’s Day, but it’s best to double-check the opening hours of local branches. Shoppers can check their local opening times here. Sainsbury's Sainsbury’s stores will be open from 10am to 4pm today. However, as always, hours will vary, and so Sainsbury’s customers are encouraged to check local opening times here.