The door and cabinet handles in your property are covered in up to eight times more bacteria than the average toilet seat, new research has revealed. The study, which was conducted by the UK’s largest supplier of specialist ironmongery, IronmongeryDirect, swabbed door and cabinet handles around multiple homes to reveal the areas where bacteria are most likely to linger. According to the research, internal bathroom door handles are the dirtiest, with an average of 93 bacteria colonies per cm2 of surface. This is almost eight times dirtier than a toilet seat. Another hotspot for germs is the kitchen with food and cutlery cabinets hosting four times as many bacteria colonies as a toilet. As part of the research, IronmongeryDirect surveyed the nation to see how often Britons clean the door and cabinet handles in their home. Experts recommend door and cabinet handles are cleaned at least once a week. READ MORE: Banish ‘terrible’ smells from washing machines using £1.25 item However, almost two-thirds (63 percent) of adults admit they don’t wipe them this regularly. In fact, one in seven (14 percent) of Britons said they never clean their handles at all. Caroline Rowney, director at Bacteria Busters, has explained the consequences of not keeping surfaces clean. She said: “Door handles are an excellent place for bacterial transference and harbour germs for far longer than other surfaces. DON'T MISSI cleaned my bathroom grout without bleach - results [INSIGHT]Kate and William's new home is 'such a downsize' compared to Frogmore [UPDATE]‘Best’ home remedy to remove grout stains ‘in five minutes’ [ANALYSIS] “Bacteria and germs such as Salmonella, Covid-19 and MRSA can survive on handles for hours, days and even weeks.” To minimise the risk of you or others catching bugs from dirty surfaces around the home, Caroline has shared her expert advice on how to properly clean handles in your home. Caroline said: “If you are in a hurry, a quick spray of this will kill most germs.” This can be found online or in hardware stores. The spray is highly flammable so be mindful of where you spray it. READ MORE: Common essential oil 'stops mould and mildew building' Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The cleaning expert said warm soapy water provides the “best finish” and a “more thorough clean”. She explained: “Soak a cloth in a bowl of warm water and dish soap, and, after wringing it out, use that to clean the handles.” Wipe away any moisture with a clean, dry cloth and then use another to smooth a little wax over the handle, leaving it shiny and fresh. If your handles are made of copper, brass or pewter, the cleaning expert suggested using a slightly different technique. Caroline said: “Create a paste using a tablespoon of flour, salt and vinegar, then rub that into your handles, allowing it to sit for a couple of minutes before removing it with hot, soapy water. “Use a very soft cloth to then gently buff the handle to a shiny finish.” Dominick Sandford, Managing Director at IronmongeryDirect, said it’s “easy” to overlook door and cabinet handles when cleaning around the house, however, these should be cleaned regularly because we touch them “multiple times a day” which can spread “dirt, grease and bacteria”. He added: “Our research has highlighted the importance of regularly cleaning these surfaces, particularly those in high-use areas, such as the bathroom and kitchens.”