Coventry Building Society has confirmed the launch of its new one-year fixed rate ISA account. It is available to both existing members and new customers who choose to take out the account with the building society. This latest savings account pays an interest rate of 3.80 percent to savers until May 31, 2024. Customers can open up the fixed rate ISA with a minimum balance of just £1 which makes it accessible to the majority of people. Anyone interested in this deal can apply online, by phone, post or visit one of Coventry Building Society’s branches. It should be noted that the financial institution will accept savers’ ISA transfers from previous years. Currently, a maximum balance of £20,000 can be paid into Coventry Building Society’s new fixed rate ISA for the current tax year. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come Matthew Carter, the head of Savings at Coventry Building Society, outlined why people should “take action” with their finances. He warned: “Savers could be missing out on tax breaks now and in the future if they haven’t put their savings into an ISA. “Fixed rate ISAs are a popular option with savers looking for higher rates of interest as well as those who want a guaranteed rate of return over a set period of time. “Many people will be looking to take action after reviewing their finances at the start of the year.” The finance expert highlighted the benefits for savers which are provided through this latest savings account. Mr Carter added: “Our new 1-year fixed rate ISA is a great option for both new and existing members who are comfortable fixing their money away for the short term, in an account offering one of the highest ISA rates on the market. “And we’ve made sure it’s as straightforward as possible for people to open this account and to transfer any other ISAs they may have from previous years’ allowances. “This tax year’s ISA allowance is £20,000 per person and savers have until 5th April to make use of their 2022-23 ISA allowance.” READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Following the Bank of England raising the base rate nine consecutive times, Coventry Building Society is among the high street financial institutions which are offering enhanced savings rates to customers. As it stands, the UK’s base rate is at 3.5 percent and is expected to rise even further, according to some experts. The reason the central bank has opted to make this decision is due to the country’s soaring inflation rate, which is at 10.5 percent. One of the consequences of this is that returns on savings become severely diminished as a result of the record high rate of inflation. Alice Haine, a personal finance analyst at BestInvest, highlighted why people should lock into a fixed rate now as interest rates continue to remain high. She said: “However, with the Bank of England expecting inflation to halve by this time next year, locking in the best fixed rate possible could pay off over the longer term when the gap between pay growth and inflation eventually narrows. “This will be particularly pertinent for those with money languishing in accounts paying 0.1 percent or worse zero percent – a hangover from the era of ultra-low interest rates. “Some consumers have fallen out of the habit of moving their money into an account offering a better deal so checking the interest rate on all your savings accounts would be wise.”