A Dallas waitress has gone viral after suggesting all women who work in restaurants purchase these jumpsuits to get hundreds of dollars with of tips. It's not usual for waiters to devise ways to increase their tips, given that they make up an essential part of their earnings. Many are taking to social media platforms like TikTok to share the ways they increase their tips. One content creator, 21, who posts on her account @bonaocean suggested two jumpsuits, modelling them in the video. She posted receipts, showing the enormous tips she received wearing the garments at work. The waitress said: "So for all of you girls who work in a restaurant and you just have to wear all back, I have the best thing for you. Go buy these jumpsuits and you literally don't have to keep trying to find two blacks that match and it looks cute. So cute." The waitress is wearing black Shein jumpsuits that retail cheaply on the online seller. One, the Unity Square Neck Flare Leg Jumpsuit is £13.49 ($16.75), and another she models, the EZwear Solid Zip Up Flare Leg Jumpsuit, is $19.85. READ MORE: Clever shopping trolley hack means you'll never need to search for a coin again Given the enormous tips, waitresses might consider the jumpsuits a solid investment. The Dallasite posted the proof of the jumpsuit's effectiveness, demonstrating how for one $15.14 dollar bill she was tipped $200 making the total $215.14. On another $70.31 bill, she was tipped $230, rounding the bill up to a total of $300.31. The video has attracted 4 million views and a huge 512.5K likes at the time of writing, as well as many comments. Many liked the tight-fitting jumpsuits. One wrote: "Yes, please can every waitress do this life hack." Another joked: "Imma need a refill every 30 seconds." DON'T MISSGhislaine Maxwell can buy Maybelline makeup in prison [BEAUTY] Meghan's silence suggests she is not 'happy' with Harry [ROYAL] Prince Harry and Meghan will be 'on the outs for decades' [ANALYSIS] However, those with restaurant experience question whether managers would really allow the body-hugging outfits. Madison wrote: "Girl, what restaurant are you working in that lets you wear this? All my coworkers would look at me like I’ve lost my mind." Hannah wrote: "Yeah it would be an immediate no from my manager." Jonathan T said: "All I know is the few restaurants I've worked at, Red Lobster, followed by two local fine dining places, would send you home for that." Others simply pointed out the hassle of using the restroom in such a garment. One said: "This is great but I think the trade-off is having to take most of it off to use the restroom." The tip comes hot off a trend of waitresses sharing how to maximise tips online. One student observed how she got more tips with her hair in pigtails. Grace Velez, a student at the University of North Florida, earned double her usual tips with her hair in pigtails. She discussed the event on her TikTok account, causing internet users to dub the hairstyle "tiptails". The 21-year-old claimed the incident shed light on the sexualisation of younger women, as pigtails are often associated with girls. She said: "It’s something that you notice, and then you never unsee it. It drew a lot of attention to the fact that young women are definitely fetishized."