Jacob Rees-Mogg is said to be considering making a leadership bid if the Conservative Party lose the next election and Rishi Sunak is forced to resign as Prime Minister — a move backed by the majority of Express.co.uk readers in a new poll. Mr Rees-Mogg reportedly spent 24 hours considering a leadership bid after Boris Johnson’s resignation last summer but chose to back Liz Truss instead of launching his own campaign. However, the former Business Secretary reportedly hasn't ruled out making a leadership bid. Express.co.uk reported that a source close to Mr Rees-Mogg said: “Jacob thought about it overnight but decided that his loyalty to Boris meant that he had not put a team in place to be able to win a contest while others had. “Also, Liz Truss was quick out of the blocks which meant it was difficult for him to run against her.” Mr Rees-Mogg has since been critical of Mr Sunak’s policies but urged his colleagues to remain loyal to avoid defeat at the next election. Sources believe that if the Tories lose, Mr Rees-Mogg could launch a leadership campaign with one MP saying: “Jacob certainly would be a popular choice for members and be the right leader to reset the Conservative Party into something more conservative again.” Yet, his outdated attitudes towards modern policies mean others fear he would “not appeal to a wider audience.” In response, Mr Rees-Mogg told inews.co.uk: “Although the current polling is not great two years is a long time and it is simply too early to say.” READ MORE: Jacob Rees-Mogg almost ran for leader and may still make a bid In a poll that ran from 1.45pm on Thursday, December 29, to 1.30pm on Wednesday, January 4, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should Jacob Rees-Mogg throw his hat into a Tory leadership race?” Overall, 4,239 votes were cast, with the vast majority of readers, 70 percent (2,951 people) answering “yes” in support of Mr Rees-Mogg making a leadership bid. A further 29 percent (1,248 people) said “no” he should not, while one percent (40 people) said they did not know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on Mr Rees-Mogg.  The majority of readers commented in support of Mr Rees-Mogg, with several backing him as Prime Minister. Username opera1947 said: “Jacob Rees-Moff could have my vote any day.” Username Stephen West said: “He’s the best thing that could happen to the Tory Party!” Another, username As above wrote that he is “a British gentleman that has all the Ingredients to Make a great Prime Minister”. And username margaretbenjamin1 said: “Jacob Rees-Mogg is a respectable MP. He has extensive knowledge of politics and dedication to party politics. An excellent choice for Prime Minister, a real gentleman who loves his country.” DON'T MISS: Biden slammed for Brexit meddling as President accused of 'sycophancy' [REPORT]Second Brexit referendum rejected in new poll [LATEST]The reason we MUST sadly quit risible European Court of Human Rights [COMMENT] However, other readers thought that it would be a bad idea, with username InterCityFirm describing a potential move as “the crowning glory on the UK's journey to a global laughing stock”. Likewise, username happyeaster said: “What a wonderful idea to make us the laughing stock of the world next year too.” Other readers thought there was no point as the Conservative Party would not retain power. Username Force12 said: “Pointless. The Tories are on their way out.” And username dejaview added: “I wouldn't bother. The Tories will lose the next general election and never be elected again.”  Mr Rees-Mogg has served as an MP for North East Somerset since 2010 and despite currently sitting in the backbenches has previously served as Leader of the House of Commons, Minister of State for Brexit Opportunities, and Secretary of State for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy. Former Home Secretary Priti Patel also considered running last summer but like Mr Rees-Mogg decided against it. She has since been linked with the new Conservative Democratic Organisation in a campaign to strengthen and take back control of the Party and democracy. Both Mr Rees-Mogg and Ms Patel are likely to evaluate party organisation, particularly candidate selection. Other Tory MPs expected to run in a leadership race include Leader of the House of Commons Penny Mordaunt, Minister for Women and Equalities Kemi Badenoch and Home Secretary Suella Braverman.