Police have confirmed that two people have died and 12 are injured in a horror crash that has closed the M40 near High Wycombe this morning. The collision, involving "multiple vehicles", took place between junctions four and five of the motorway at around 8.15am. Two people were pronounced dead at the scene, police have confirmed.  Two individuals have been rushed to hospital from the scene of the crash, while a further ten people are also being treated for minor injuries. The M40 was closed in both directions for more than three hours as emergency services attended the scene. The northbound carriageway has since reopened.  A spokesperson for Thames Valley Police said: "Officers attended a report of an RTC involving multiple vehicles at around 8.15am today. Sadly two people have died. Their next of kin has been informed. Two more people have been taken to hospital with serious injuries. "A further 10 people sustained minor injuries, some of whom have been taken to hospital. If anyone saw what happened, or has any dash-cam footage, who has not yet spoken to officers, please get in touch." A statement from Highways England added: "Thames Valley Police, Fire, Ambulance Services and National Highways Traffic Officers attended with Thames Valley Air Ambulance landing on the northbound carriageway. "The northbound carriageway was also closed, but reopened circa 11:30. "Due to the nature of the incident, Thames Valley Police are carrying out collision investigation work. "Once complete, vehicle recovery and carriageway clean-up work can begin. The closure is expected to be protracted and in place for a considerable time today." READ MORE: Man fighting for life after being hit by two different cars   According to traffic data company Inrix, eight vehicles were involved in the collision. The latest from Thames Valley Police confirmed the northbound carriageway has reopened while the southbound carriageway remains closed. Motorists on the M40 have been advised to travel via an alternative route following the collision earlier today.