Manchester United icon Rio Ferdinand has warned his former club that they may be facing an exodus if their plan to issue a wage cap is true. Erik ten Hag’s outfit are reportedly set to create a ‘Cristiano Ronaldo rule’, following the striker’s exit, which would prohibit stars from earning more than £200,000-a-week at Old Trafford in the future. Six current players earn over that figure in Bruno Fernandes, David De Gea, Casemiro, Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Anthony Martial, and Ferdinand believes that players will not be happy going back on their agreed upon wage. The new rule could also affect Marcus Rashford, who will soon be negotiating over a long-term contract, and Ferdinand believes that it is disrespecting the current squad. “The other thing that came out about the cap on wages, I don’t know how true this is," Ferdinand told his Rio Ferdinand Presents FIVE YouTube channel. "If this is true, Man United are now having a ‘Cristiano Ronaldo rule’ where you stay at £200k-a-week. Obviously De Gea they say is at £300k-something, so he is going to have to have a comedown on his negotiations. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE “They are all going to have to come down from whatever they are on. If that’s true, it’s all fallen in because that’s what he [Ten Hag] will have been going to him [De Gea] with. Ten Hag, he will be saying to David ‘Listen because you have made a few mistakes you are going to come down now, and we are going to start again’. “It’s an easier conversation for him to have [with De Gea], but my thing is as a player, if a man is saying to me that I am going into my prime years and taking a wage reduction, I am bouncing. No, I am not doing that. Don’t disrespect me.” READ MOREArsenal target Mykhaylo Mudryk's agent sets record straight on '£70m Chelsea bid'Shakhtar chief spotted yards from Todd Boehly as Chelsea and Arsenal battle intensifiesMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMW Ferdinand believes that one loophole around the reported wage cap is to heavily incentivise deals, where players would earn a base salary of £200,000-a-week, and then receive bonuses based on either winning trophies or even potentially in terms of points won in the Premier League at the end of the season. He claimed that those deals would be his ideal way of running a football club. “Incentivised contracts, so if you get your hands on trophies you get an extra million or two a year, or something like that,” Ferdinand added. “If I did run a football club, could happen, that would be one of the stipulations in contracts for me. Incentivised contracts, you get a basic [wage] and you get paid what you win, what you get your hands on. Paying on your points would be a good starting point as well.”