Emmerdale viewers were reduced to tears following Thursday night's hour-long instalment after Moira Barton (played by Natalie J Robb) and Amy Wyatt (Natalie Ann Jamieson) said a tearful farewell to Kyle (Huey Quinn). The youngster was last seen driving off in a taxi with two social workers taking him to a children's home. Moira put everything into the farm as she tried to take her mind off Kyle, but in an unexpected turn, Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) arrived after being released from prison. Moira was relieved to see her husband after she thought her betrayal had ruined their marriage. Although, the farmer's mind was put to rest after the duo embraced. As the Dingles gathered at The Woolpack to celebrate Cain's release, tensions began to rise when Caleb Miligan (Will Ash) walked in. The bad boy pretended to thank Caleb for his help, but Cain issued a stark warning when he hugged him. READ MORE: Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire "Great, so they sorted it then," Caleb said as he walked into the pub. "I asked my lawyers to speed up his release. What are brothers for, eh?" Later on, Cain approached Caleb and said: "Everyone reckons I need to thank you." "You don't have to," Caleb insisted. "I am just happy to help." "You haven't done anything yet I still might go down," Cain hit back.   His half-brother replied: "Yeah, but with my lawyers on board, you're less likely to and they reckon they'll prove Kyle didn't kill Al on purpose." "So you keep saying," Cain said as Caleb pointed out: "Look I am doing you a big favour. "Isn't it time we put our differences behind us? Come on." As the pair hugged it out, it was clear Cain wasn't happy as he issued his brother with a killer warning. DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun buyer breaks down as she details heartbreak  [VIDEO]ITV viewers 'switch off' as fans slam Gordon Ramsay new show [REACTION]Emmerdale exit for Kyle Winchester as he's ripped away from Dingles [SPOILERS]  "I am not your bro," the mechanic told him. "You need to walk away while you still can." "Is that a threat?" Caleb asked as Cain warned: "Too right. Next time I see you, I will kill you." However, fans think if Cain follows through with his threat, he could be sent to prison for good, which could indicate an exit from the village.  Many also believe that Cain and Caleb aren't even related. Taking to Twitter to share their thoughts, Lee wrote: "It’ll be interesting to see the next time Cain sees Caleb. Waiting for the murder…." "Sorry but Caleb is definitely up to something. Tryna play hero & what if Cain's somehow the only one who can actually see it? While everyone else immediately trusts him/welcomes him with open arms really? How do they even know he is who he says? Where's the DNA test? #Emmerdale," user @griannedoherty3 wrote. (sic)  "They later theorised: "Biologically Caleb isn't actually a Dingle. Faith was his Mother & she was only a Dingle by her Marriage to Shadrach. His Dad obviously wasn't a Dingle either. He's related to Chas & Cain, sure as their Half-Brother but technically nothing to do with the rest of them #Emmerdale." (sic)  While Anne Mackle tweeted: "You would think Cain would have learned his lesson by now. #emmerdale." "I'm with Cain, not trusted Caleb since he came to the village. There is more to him we don't know about," Natasha went on to write. "Back in the nick if you do Cain," Dave Wright said indicating the bad boy's exit. User @Calzonafan2013 suggested Cain should be killed off. They wrote: "It is really time to kill Cain off. This type of man needs to be put out to pasture." "There'd be no Emmerdale without Cain #Emmerdale," Mary said referencing Cain's threat. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.