“The cold, wet weather that comes in winter can be damaging for our gardens – especially wooden sheds," explains Jack Sutcliffe, co-founder of Power Sheds. "As harsher conditions arrive, it's important people take time to prepare" Water can wreak havoc if it gets inside and can not only damage your tools and equipment, but also your shed's structural strength. Heavy rain can be a gardener’s worst nightmare, but good planning can help extend the life of your shed - something that's particularly important right now as heavy rain sweeps across the country.  To keep your shed watertight, and help you save money down the line, Jack has shared five tips for protecting and weatherproofing: Particularly if the water level rises in the garden, you want to make sure that the base of your shed is fully protected. One way to do this is by adding a sealant between the concrete base and the shed’s frame. When sealing these parts, make sure you do it from the outside as well as the inside. This is the most secure way to limit water and moisture getting into the shed and the concrete. Another way to protect the base is by building a drainage system around the shed. Whether you try a gravel pad or a more elaborate project like a French drain, the key objective is to keep the water away from the foundation. Either of these structures will get the rainwater moving along and prevent it from forming pools around the shed base.  Wood shrinks over time, causing cracks to appear around the window and door frames which water may penetrate. To prevent this from happening, regular checks for gaps are important. If you notice any cracks or gaps, fill them with expanding foam and builder’s caulking. To further protect your doors, fill the gaps with excluder tape. Moisture in the air is just as dangerous as water itself, so it doesn’t matter if you think your shed is watertight, it can become damaged if it isn’t well-ventilated. Installing a pair of static vents or an electric fan on either side of the shed to allow adequate airflow will help the longevity of your shed. A simple way to prevent water damage is to install gutters. They divert rainwater away from the shed’s foundation and allows water to run down a plastic pipe, minimising its contact with the timber. Top tip: To prevent overflow and build-up, keep your guttering free from leaves and regularly check them for debris. You can even install leaf guards, which can make it easier to keep your gutters clean.    When it comes to choosing a siding for your shed, vinyl siding is a great option. It is made using high-quality plastic (PVC) and is available in a wide variety of colours and thicknesses for an affordable price. The material repels water, and is highly durable, maintenance-free, and easy to install. It’s resistant to rust and keeps out moisture. 