American post-apocalyptic drama series The Last of Us will be kicking off this week with its feature-length premiere. The show imagines a post-pandemic world populated by the last vestiges of humanity with one girl offering a ray of hope. The show stars Game of Thrones alumni Pedro Pascal and Bella Ramsey playing Joel and Ellie, who are travelling across America on a desperate mission to escape from a quarantine zone. The pair will be thrown into peril at every turn, relying on their wits and each other if they’re to survive. The Last of Us also stars Gabriel Luna as Tommy, Anna Torv as Tess, Nico Parker as Sarah, Murray Bartlett as Frank, Nick Offerman as Bill, Melanie Lynskey as Kathleen and Storm Reid as Riley. Further casting includes Merle Dandridge as Marlene, Jeffrey Pierce as Perry, Lamar Johnson as Henry, Keivonn Woodard as Sam, Graham Greene as Marlon, and Elaine Miles as Florence. The show was written and produced by Craig Mazin, who also worked on the critically-acclaimed HBO and Sky Original Chernobyl. The Last of Us will be part of a global simulcast, following in the footsteps of Game of Thrones, Westworld, White Lotus and many other HBO shows. This means, HBO will be airing the show at exactly the same time in various places around the world. However, the time it is available will vary depending on your geographical time zone and the way to watch it will also be different from country to country. There are a couple of different ways of watching The Last of the US in the UK. In Britain, you can watch The Last of Us on Sky Atlantic or via the streaming platform NOW from 2am on Monday, January 15. The Last of Us will then be repeated on Sky Atlantic at 9pm for those who couldn’t stay up for the simulcast. If you have a Sky account, you should be able to catch up with the episode on video-on-demand service Sky Go. Similarly, once The Last of Us has aired at 2am, you can watch it on catch up via NOW. However, you must have a subscription to NOW with an Entertainment pass which is currently £9.99 per month. New members of the platform get a seven-day free trial, but you’ll need a subscription to watch the whole series as episodes will be dropping weekly. Alternatively, you will need a Sky package with Sky Go included in order to watch The Last of Us with subscriptions starting at £24 per month. Both Sky and NOW have download functions which means you can watch the show on the go at a time to suit you on various devices including tablets, laptops and mobiles. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb Miligan's true identity in Kyle twist [VIEWER REACTION]Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire [INTERVIEW]Call the Midwife’s Shelagh Turner star addresses future of BBC series [VIDEO] Also, both of these services also give you access to a wealth of other content depending on which subscription and service you opt for. In America, HBO will be airing episodes of The Last of Us weekly with the opening instalment airing on Sunday, January 15 at 9pm Eastern Standard Time. The episode will be available both on HBO and HBO Max - but you will need a cable login for the first one. For HBO Max, you will simply need a live internet connection and a subscription to the service to watch the new show. HBO Max subscriptions will currently set you back $14.99 per month with the cost expected to rise later this year. You can livestream HBO on a myriad of devices such as desktops, mobile phones, smart TVs and laptops. Once the episode has aired, you can also catch up on demand and there’s a download function to watch The Last of Us at a more convenient time for you. The Last of Us airs on HBO tonight and tomorrow on Sky Atlantic and NOW at 2am and 9pm