A six-month-old baby has died one month after he was kidnapped along with his twin brother. Kyair Thomas died on Saturday after police responded to reports of a baby not breathing at a home. The baby was taken to the hospital, where he was tragically pronounced dead around 11.45pm. Kyair and his brother Kasson Thomas made headlines last month after they were reported missing on December 19. They were left outside Donatos Pizzas in their mother's 2010 Honda Accord for just a few minutes. Police believe the suspect, 24-year-old Nalah Tamiko Jackson, who is homeless, was inside the pizzeria but walked out once the mum came inside. READ MORE: 6 dead and 3 injured after truck collides with bus in 'gruesome' crash Despite the nightmare incident, Kyair was found at around 4.40am the following morning, dumped at the Dayton International Airport, which is more than 70 miles from Columbus, Ohio. Kason was found three days later inside the same car he went missing in, which had been left outside a Papa John's. The 24-year-old was arrested soon afterwards and charged with two counts of kidnapping. Kyair sadly died in unrelated circumstances, in what his family have now described as a feeding accident. Wilma Booker, the aunt of the twins' mum, said: "I am like in a state of shock for real. I literally, I really am. I am devastated, I'm hurt." She explained that she was feeding the babies when "one of them started choking on the milk". Wilma then said the mum called the emergency services while attempting chest compressions and CPR things in an attempt to resuscitate the baby. "It was just like an accident that happened from feeding the babies and that was it," she said. DON'T MISS Ex-Clinton aide warns Biden could be 'knocked' out of 2024 raceBodycam video shows five officers beating man as he begs for helpFormer White House press secretary blasts Biden over classified docs Jackson was sentenced for one of her charges in Indiana court a week ago. She had a pretrial conference hearing at Marion Superior Court for a felony charge of battery by bodily waste. The local sheriff’s office accused her of spitting on a deputy while being processed. The 24-year-old has also been indicted on two counts of kidnapping a minor and faces at least 20 years of incarceration and up to life in prison for each count, according to US Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio Kenneth Parker.