The third instalment of Happy Valley season three airs this evening (January 15) on BBC One at 9pm. This week marks the halfway point for the gritty Sally Wainwright drama, which has been keeping viewers glued to their sofas. Episode three will pick up from last week’s cliffhanger with police officer Catherine Cawood (played by Sarah Lancashire) confronting her sister Clare Cartwright (Siobhan Finneran) for going behind her back and helping her grandson Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah) to see his father Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton). Speaking about Happy Valley, creator Wainwright said: “It is not a police show, it’s a show about Catherine, who happens to be a police officer. It’s not a police procedural, it’s not a crime show. “It’s really about Catherine and about what happened to her in the past and this weird crooked relationship she has with this man who affected her life so badly.” Wainwright was inspired to write the series after watching a documentary by Jez Lewis called Shed Your Tears and Walk Away focusing on the drug and alcohol problems in Hebden Bridge, Yorkshire. While the core cast has remained the same, Express.co.uk takes a look at some of the other actors. READ MORE: Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire Anisha Bhatti - Rina Mahoney Rina Mahoney takes on Faisal Bhatti’s (Amit Shah) wife Anisha, who is unaware of his shady dealings and how much danger her family is in. She has also starred in Netflix’s smash hit Wednesday as Janet Ottinger, This England on Sky, The Bay on ITV and Emmerdale. Maira Bhatti - Yasmin Ali Yasmin Ali stars as schoolgirl Maira Bhatti, one of Faisal and Anisha’s daughters with the role marking the actress’ first TV role. Florence Hepworth - Bethany Stott Child star Bethany Stott plays Florence Hepworth, one of the daughters of prescription medication addict Joanna Hepworth (Mollie Winnard) and P.E. teacher Rob Hepworth (Mark Stanley). Poppy Hepworth - Bonnie Stott Child actress Bonnie Stott takes on Poppy Hepworth, the other daughter of the Hepworths, who has witnessed her parents’ acrimonious marriage, with Happy Valley also being her first screen credit. Cesco - Freddy Smith Freddy Smith takes on the part of mobster Cesco after appearing in 24 Hours in Leeds and The Dumping Ground as Kyle Lavan. Ivan Sertic - Oliver Huntingdon Oliver Huntingdon stars as the menacing gangster Ivan Sertic after starring in The Rising, The End of the F***ing World, The Colour Room, Just Charlie and Domina. DI Gaskell - David Prosho  Haniya Bhatti - Myra-Sofia Iftikhar Myra-Sofia Iftikhar appears as Faisal and Anisha’s daughter Haniya Bhatti after appearing in The Dumping Ground. Matija Jankovic - Jack Bandeira  Binita Bhuppal - Sara Bahadori Sara Bahadori stars as Binita Bhuppal and counts credits in Waterloo Road, Doctors, Coronation Street and Coal in Their Veins. Gorkem Tekeli - Mete Dursun  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb Miligan's true identity in Kyle twist [VIEWER REACTION]Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire [INTERVIEW]Call the Midwife’s Shelagh Turner star addresses future of BBC series [VIDEO] Sledge - Chord Melodic Chord Melodic takes on the part of PC Sledge following on from parts in Coronation Street and Grange Hill and was previously part of Happy Valley, reprising his role for the final outing. Joyce - Ishia Bennison Ishia Bennison reprises her role as Joyce in Happy Valley and some of her previous credits include At Home with the Braithwaites, EastEnders and Hollyoaks. Lewis Whippey - Adam Long Adam Long takes on Lewis Whippey and has starred in Strike, Bancroft, The Bay, Wolfe and will next be starring in Masters of the Air. Other cast members include George Costigan as Nevison Gallagher, Charlie Murphy as Ann Gallagher, Con O'Neill as Neil Ackroyd, Shane Zaza as Shafiq Shah and Derek Riddell as Richard Cawood. Further cast members include Emily Barnett as Becky, Clint Gordon as DC Walsh, Laura Castle as DC Harding and Anthony Flanagan as Viktor. Happy Valley season 3 continues on BBC One tonight at 9pm