Amid continuing strikes, unending crises in the NHS and surging inflation, there is understandable anxiety about what lies ahead. Yet the pessimism should not be overdone. Far from sliding towards humiliation, 2023 could provide a welcome boost to our national pride, displaying to the world both our unity and our resourcefulness. The key moment will be the Coronation of King Charles III at Westminster Abbey on May 6, which will be a global showcase for Britain’s unique gifts of military pageantry and traditional spectacle. Last September, the majestic solemnities for the passing of the Queen served as awe-inspiring reminders of how well this country can perform such rituals, from the discipline of the Armed Forces to the beautiful liturgy of the religious services. Already the Coronation is attracting widespread international interest, with many top London hotels now fully booked for that period. Indeed the travel industry body Visit Britain forecasts that 35 million tourists will come here in 2023, spending a record £29.5billion. Benefits of the Coronation will go far beyond international tourism. The long weekend of celebrations, including the extra May Bank Holiday, will be a shot in the arm for the hospitality trade which will be further helped by the additional licensing hours. Merchandising and retailing should also be winners. On a deeper level, the Coronation will foster an inspirational spirit of togetherness, reflected in thousands of street parties and community events. Once again, by emphasising our mutual solidarity rather than our differences, the Monarchy acts as an agent for strengthening our British identity in a way that no political party or leader could. The probable success of the Coronation could be part of a national recovery from the current trough. Inflation looks certain to decline soon, just as the rash of strikes will fizzle out through lack of support from the public and union members. Bolstered by an improvement in living standards from falling energy bills, the upbeat imagination of the British people will also be fired by the quest for sporting glory, like in the fight for the Ashes against the Australian cricket team this summer, or in the rugby union World Cup this autumn. As we will find, there is much more to life than the inadequacies of the public sector and its perpetually aggrieved unions. What makes this optimism about the impact of the Coronation all the more intriguing are the parallels with Britain exactly 70 years ago when Queen Elizabeth was crowned. The mood in early 1953 was apprehensive, fuelled by the long, spartan years of post-war austerity, deepening nuclear tensions with the Soviet Union, and severe winter floods. But the atmosphere was transformed by the magnificence of the Coronation in June, which fascinated the public all the more because it was the first time this ancient ceremony had been broadcast. Again the pomp and splendour showed Britain at its best as the Queen’s procession, featuring 13,000 troops and 27 carriages, made its way. In fact, the radiance of the young Queen gave rise to eager talk about a second Elizabethan age that heralded a new era of greatness for Britain. That feeling was reinforced on the very morning of the Coronation when news came through that Everest, the world’s tallest mountain, had finally been conquered by a British expedition led by Colonel John Hunt. Later, the England cricket team, under Yorkshire professional Len Hutton, added further lustre by winning the Ashes for the first time since 1934. There was a sense that Britain had managed to reawaken the pioneering values of adventure and exploration from the first Elizabethan age. So Britain led the world in aviation, when in April 1953 the Vickers Viscount became the world’s first turboprop airliner to offer a scheduled service. British breakthroughs were also made in nuclear weaponry, glass production and ferries. In science, two Cambridge biologists Francis Crick and James Watson uncovered the structure of DNA. Pioneering research was accompanied by the recognition of political grandeur as the prime minister Winston Churchill, aged almost 80, was awarded a knighthood and the Nobel Prize for literature. The year also saw the first James Bond novel by Ian Fleming being published. That kind of greatness can be recaptured today. The Coro­nation would be just what is needed to rekindle the flames of ambition.