Country Boy Eddie, as his fans knew him, died "peacefully" of natural causes at his Alabama home. The star, who had his own Fox TV show, was adored and revered by country music fans, especially in his native USA. His family released a statement to WBRC and confirmed the news of his death. "This morning, Country Boy Eddy passed away peacefully at his home in Warrior," it read. "He was a trailblazer for both the Alabama music and television scenes, and his contributions will continue to live on. "The Burns family would like to extend our sincere gratitude to the viewers, fans, musicians, and everyone else who made his life so special." READ NOW: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss The music star was a legend in the Alabama region and best known for his long-running TV show. The Country Boy Eddie Show had aired on WBRC Fox 6 News for decades, beginning back in 1957. It continued for almost four decades before ending in 1993. However, by that time he'd built up a reputation among loyal admirers and was still famed by many at the time of his death.  Eddie used his platform to showcase up and coming country artists such as Dolly Parton, whose popularity exploded even further after appearing on his show. He also helped introduce the world to Tammy Wynette, who had a fierce reputation as the "first lady of country music". Eddie admiringly told WBRC at the time: "She’s the greatest I think of any female artist we’ve had in country music." Tammy went on to invite him onstage during one of her shows, an occasion which is well remembered by fans in the US. DON'T MISS... Gino D'Acampo says wife 'knew he would break the cage' in marriage [LATEST] Escape to the Chateau's Angel Strawbridge admits issues at home [INTERVIEW] Jeremy Clarkson blasts council for 'banning' book sales on his farm [DEBATE] Eddie's show was renowned for starting before the sun had come up, bright and early at 4:30am each morning. He kept things characteristically country with his trademark sound - the clattering of a cow bell alongside a mule call. Today, Eddie's contribution to the music scene is honoured by his own star at the Alabama Music Hall of Fame. He remained highly regarded until the end, and jokingly described his longevity by chuckling: "I’m hanging in there like stink on a skunk!"  He revealed that there would always be a place in his heart devoted to his TV show, admitting his time in the studio never felt like work to him. George Jones, another country artist who collaborated with Tammy Wynette, marvelled at his constant presence. "I asked him one time: 'Don’t you need a vacation?' and he said: 'I’m always on vacation,'" he explained. "It wasn’t work to him it was fun and he loved it." In the eyes of his devotees, his spirit will forever live on both in their hearts and in his beloved studio.