An artificial intelligence bot is so good at producing essays it has led a school to scrap setting long writing tasks for homework. Instead pupils at Alleyn’s School in Dulwich, South London, are told to carry out in-depth research about topics before their next lessons.    The change comes after the English department at the £23,000 a year private school tested the artificial intelligence bot ChatGPT. They wanted to see how good it was at writing essays and they gave an A* to the piece of work it produced. Headteacher Jane Lunnon says the school is now using “flipped learning” where students prepare at home for discussions and assessments in class. Writing in a blog on her school’s website she said that children will not experience failure if they use ChatGPT to produce their essays.    She wrote: “School is where we learn what to do and how to do it. It’s also where we learn what not to do. What doesn’t work. “How to get things wrong and how to deal with that. We all know how important it is to learn to fail. “For us, ChatGPT will involve careful reflection about what we should be asking our pupils to do in school and in class and what they can do at home.” She added: “Great education, or even, moderately good education, is not, and has never been, about the speedy provision of easy solutions. “Our job as educators is to teach our pupils how to think. How to use their own minds, their developing skills and talents, their growing knowledge, their ability to research, their judgement and capacity for discrimination, to arrive at possible solutions to the various problems presented to them.”  READ MORE: Prince William sees Harry as a 'lost cause' after rebuffing talks  And speaking about the changes, she told The Times: “I truly feel this is a paradigm-shifting moment. It’s incredibly usable and straightforward. “However at the moment, children are often assessed using homework essays, based on what they’ve learnt in the lesson. “Clearly if we’re in a world where children can access plausible responses … then the notion of saying simply do this for homework will have to go. “Homework will be good for practice but if you want reliable data on whether children are acquiring new skills and information, that will have to be done in lesson time, supervised. “That means some of what is happening in lessons will have to happen at home and there will be a shift in emphasis, such as saying, ‘Here is critical information to read and assimilate before the lesson, then come to class with questions ready.’”  DON'T MISSHarry and Meghan didn't expect 'negative feedback' from memoir [ANALYSIS]Tory infighting erupts as MP compares Rishi's Govt to 'Titantic band' [REVEALED]Suella to kick out foreign criminals with new act [REPORT]  She says she has confidence in the integrity of her pupils and that most children don’t want to cheat. But she warned that: “This is the world we’re in and very soon it won’t be cheating the system, it will be the system.” The main body advising universities on technology, Jisc, said educators should not be panicked about ChatGPT. Jisc’s director of technology and analytics, Michael Webb, said: “The knee-jerk reaction might be to block these tools in order to stop students cheating, but that’s neither feasible nor advisable. “We should really regard them as simply the next step up from spelling or grammar checkers: technology that can make everyone’s life easier.” 