Meghan Markle’s old acting CV has resurfaced - revealing impressive ‘special skills’ listed by the Duchess of Sussex in a bid to find work. The résumé, believed to be from when she was about 24, lists Meghan’s experience before she found fame in the role of Rachel Zane on the global hit legal drama Suits. It also shows how many strings the talented 41-year-old royal has to her bow - from ballet to speaking multiple languages. The CV begins by giving her basic credentials - stating she is 5ft 6in and 113 lbs, with brown hair and eyes. It goes one to list her acting experience - including a small film part as 'Hot Chick' in A Lot Like Love, which also starred Aston Kutcher, and TV appearances on shows like sci-fi series Century City and daytime soap opera General Hospital. The résumé also gives her work in theatre - including the part of July/Star to Be in Annie and a role in Richard Harris's 1984 play Stepping Out. After listing all the experts who trained her in different fields - including musical comedy and vocal training - it concludes with Meghan’s ‘special skills’. These include being fluent in Spanish and proficient in French - as well as being a ballet, jazz and tap dancer. Her personal trainer while she starred on Suits, Jorge Blanco, told Vanity Fair Spain he trained Meghan in kickboxing and martial arts as she filmed the show. Jorge, who also worked with Chris Hemsworth and his wife Elsa Pataky, said: "I trained Meghan when she was in Toronto during the shooting of the series 'Suits'. We did a little bit of martial arts, a little boxing, and sometimes kickboxing. "I never really thought she could end up being a princess! "I had a great time training with her because she's super nice and speaks Spanish, with an Argentine accent." Meghan gave up acting when things with Prince Harry became serious and she began to focus instead on being a working royal. But a close friend of Prince Philip claimed Queen Elizabeth was happy for her to continue her career. In his book Elizabeth: An Intimate Portrait, Gyles Brandreth said the late Monarch did "everything she could" to ensure Meghan's happiness. He writes: "She did everything she could to make her future granddaughter-in-law feel welcome. She was concerned for her future happiness. “At their first meeting, the Queen said to Meghan: 'You can carry on being an actress if you like – that’s your profession, after all.' "But Meghan was ready for royal duty and, of course, the Queen was delighted by that.”