The Prime Minister is right to address the electorate in a very direct fashion and to realise he needs to earn our trust if he is going to win the next election. But there is a big difference between Sunak now and Blair before the 1997 general election. Sunak is already in power, and so his pledges amount to a pre-election manifesto. If he can’t achieve them by the time of the next election, which must be held at some point over the next two years, they will come back to haunt him.  So what chance does he have of achieving them? The first is a promise to halve the Consumer Prices Index (CPI), which currently stands at 10.7 percent, close to a 40 year high. Given that most economists expect inflation to fall back sharply this year as energy and commodity prices subside, halving the CPI should not be a big challenge. Yet even at five per cent, the CPI would still be two and a half times the Bank of England’s target. If the Conservatives want to regain their lost reputation for sound money, they will have to do better than this. Pledge number two is to grow the economy. Again, this ought not to be difficult. Aside from short periods of recession, the economy has been growing continuously for the past two centuries. Many are expecting economic growth to be negative forthe first few months of 2023, but if it is not back in positive territory by the time of the next election it would be truly calamitous – the longest recession in modern times. The third pledge is to “make sure that our national debt is falling”. This is the pledge which threatens to give Sunak the most trouble. If the Government is to shrink Britain’s £2.4trillion national debt it will have to get the public finances back into surplus, where the Government is spending less than it takes in revenue. This is something that no UK government of any colour has succeeded in doing for the past 20 years. And it certainly isn’t going to happen this year – or next. Indeed, in the first six months of this financial year the Government borrowed £73billion – approximately the same as running the NHS for the same period.  It is possible that Sunak meant to say that he wants to shrink the national debt as a proportion of GDP. That would be much easier to achieve – indeed, debt as a share of GDP has already fallen slightly since 2021 as the economy has grown. But if it is to fall any further it will require significant economic growth – and there doesn’t appear to be much of that on the immediate horizon. The fourth pledge is to shrink NHS waiting lists. This should be possible, given that waiting lists are at record levels as the NHS struggles to catch up after the pandemic. But a modest fall isn’t going to be enough to win an election. Somehow, the Government is going to have to end the hour-long waits for ambulance that stroke victims are enduring, and make it possible for everyone to see a GP within hours, not weeks. Pledge number five is to pass new laws to detain and deport migrants who arrive in Britain illegally in small boats across the Channel. I don’t doubt that the Government will succeed in passing such a law – it still has a thumping majority. Whether it will manage to stop the boats is another matter. As we have seen many times before, there always seems to be some legal loophole to prevent deportations. Closing those loopholes is going to be a serious test. Rishi Sunak is not going to have the advantage Boris Johnson had in 2019: facing an extreme opponent in the shape of Jeremy Corbyn. Sir Keir Starmer, in promising this week that a government led by him would not return to high taxes and high spending, has shown he understands what he needs to do to seduce Conservative voters. Whether he really would contain spending is another matter – Gordon Brown did that for a while before he loosened the purse strings and started giving in to the unions and to others demanding handouts of public cash. The danger for the Tories is that voters decide to give Starmer the benefit of the doubt. Sunak is going to have to make a very good case to remain in power. His five pledges, while a good start, are not going to be enough. Over the next couple of years, he must show greater ambition – and prove he can deliver, too. 