On Tuesday, murder suspect Bryan Kohberger arrived at Pennsylvania’s Monroe County Courthouse for the first part of an extradition hearing in connection with four deaths. Kohberger, 28, has been charged with four counts of first-degree murder for the killing of University of Idaho students. The accused, a Washington State University PhD student, was arrested on Friday for allegedly stabbing Kaylee Goncalves, Ethan Chapin, Xana Kernodle and Madison Mogen to death. The stabbings took place in the early hours of November 13. The hearing at a court in Monroe County is expected to start at 3:30pm with both his parents and two sisters expected to be present in court. Jason LaBar, the state-appointed attorney for Kohberger, claimed the defendant would not fight the extradition and would voluntarily return to Moscow, Idaho.   Appearing before a judge for the brief 10-minute hearing, Kohberger agreed to waive his extradition and will be transported to Idaho within 10 days. Asking about his mental state and whether he had a clear mind to waive the extradition, Kohberger told the judge he doesn't have a mental illness and denied being on medication for any relevant diagnoses. The judge ordered that Kohberger must be handed over to the Latah County District Attorney’s Office, in Idaho, within the next ten days. Once he has been transferred back to Idaho, he will appear before a magistrate. READ MORE: China blasts travel restrictions yet admits to raft of Covid deaths   The state police reported that arrangements are currently in place to transfer Kohberger to Idaho, but a timeline is yet to be announced. Robert Evanchick, the Pennsylvania State Police Commissioner, said in a statement to the press: “My heart goes out to the families of the victims, their friends, the community of Moscow and the University of Idaho. “No words can heal the pain associated with the loss of a child. Their young lives were ended far too soon.” Kohberger is currently being held in a cell monitored by a police officer at all times as he is considered a maximum-status prisoner, which is given to people held in prisons with the highest level of security. One source reported by CNN said Kohberger has been “quiet” and has “followed directions” while in custody. DON'T MISS:Britain to be hit by biggest recession in 2023 [REVEAL]New York legalises human composting amid Catholic anger [REPORT]Mexico prison attack leaves at least 14 dead in city of Juarez [REVEAL]  Kohberger had finished his first semester of his PhD in December, where he studied criminal justice at the Pullman campus at Washington State University, a 15-minute drive from Moscow where the deaths of the students took place. Investigators found a white Hyundai Elantra car, which authorities had been looking for in connection to the crime, at Kohberger’s parent house Jason LaBar, Kohberger’s attorney, has said his client invoked his right to be silent going forward. The attorney has also said in media interviews that Kohberger has been “very easy to talk to” and has a “calm demeanour”. He added that Kohberger was “shocked” when he was arrested and understands the proceedings going forward, and knows what to expect when he arrives in Idaho. 