Insiders say Spare – written “not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become” – will take a wrecking ball to the monarchy at a time it seeks to modernise and change. King Charles is bracing himself for fresh and damaging royal revelations that could blow the recent Netflix documentary out of the water. It is widely thought the relationship between his sons the Duke of Sussex and Prince of Wales will never be the same again – with publication on January 10 set to be the final straw in a long-running and bitter feud between them. Royal author Margaret Holder said: “This must surely mark the end of the road for the warring brothers. It will also spread their feud into the future of the Windsor dynasty and create problems for the children of both families. “The princes’ mother Diana, who will figure in the book, never wanted second born to mean second best. Some might sympathise with Harry and question if the ancient system of ­primogeniture is to blame for so much turmoil. “And others will ask if Harry’s personality is the real cause.” One person who had read a proof copy of the ghost-written biography said it largely spares Charles but is devastating for William. One said: “Generally, the book [will be] worse than the Royal Family is expecting. “Everything is laid bare. Charles comes out of it better than I had expected, but it’s tough on William, in particular, and even Kate gets a bit of a broadside. “There are these minute details and a description of the fight between the brothers. I can’t see how Harry and William will be able to reconcile after this.” Spare was chosen as the title as an explicit reference to Harry’s largely backseat role in the Royal Family, unlike his 40-year-old brother who will succeed his father as King. Harry, 38, has promised an “accurate and wholly truthful” first-hand account of his life from birth. It has been written by Pulitzer-­prizewinning former journalist JR Moehringer, who also ghosted tennis great Andre Agassi’s bestselling autobiography. Harry, who will narrate the audio version, has donated some of the proceeds to charities including Sentebale, an organisation he co-founded to help children and young people in Lesotho and Botswana affected by HIV/Aids. His charitable work and ultimate decision to quit the Royal Family was one taken with the haunting memory of his mother Diana, Princess of Wales, who died in 1997. Although he has touched on the unimaginable pain and grief of losing her at such a young age, and so publicly, Spare will be the first time he fully opens his heart over the burden he has carried for more than two decades. In the recent Harry & Meghan docu-series, which aired on Netflix last month, the Duke of Sussex claimed his brother screamed and shouted at him during a blazing row over his decision to quit royal life in 2020. His biography is expected to go much further and deeper into the rift and reasons behind it. The six-part show was released over two weeks with the couple expressing disgust at Meghan’s treatment in the UK and their decision to relocate to California on what was described as a “freedom flight”. Spare is likely to deal in detail with what the Sussexes will frame as life inside the goldfish bowl of the monarchy. Although the series was a global ratings success the Royal household kept silent and refused to respond. Insiders even said Charles was keen to reconcile with his son and would make attempts to bring him back into the fold ahead of his Coronation in May. Sources now suggest the contents of the book, and subsequent editions, could make that impossible. Spare is understood to be the first instalment of a four-book deal with Penguin Random House worth £16.5million. The well-placed source claimed it will forensically examine Harry’s inconsolable grief over his mother’s death and conclude his actions are a direct link to the tragedy. They said: “The overall impression is this is a man who has never recovered from the trauma of his mother dying so young, and then along comes Meghan and he projects on to her a ­parallel with Diana.” The Duke will give one major TV interview to broadcasters on each side of the Atlantic publicising the book. In the UK, Tom Bradby, who presents the ITV News at Ten and has known Harry for more than two decades, has landed the scoop. The interview is understood to have been recorded in California and reportedly pencilled in for broadcast on Sunday, two days before the book hits the shelves. ITV will trail the interview this week. In further turmoil for the Royal Family, sources in the US claim Meghan, 41, is ­planning to tell her story in which “no stone will be left unturned” about her transformation from a jobbing actress to a Duchess. She has already released children’s book The Bench and it is rumoured the couple are working on a wellness book. The fourth and final instalment is thought to be Meghan’s bombshell autobiography timed, perhaps, for a run for political office. If she did release a tell-all book, it would follow a well-trodden path with past Presidents Bill Clinton, Barack Obama and Donald Trump releasing bestsellers before launching bids for the White House. One US literary agent said: “I would find it surprising if Meghan didn’t ­publish her story. Spare is Prince Harry’s chance to tell his, but hers is equally compelling. If she’s harbouring political ambitions it would make even more sense.” Meanwhile, King Charles showed little of his family concerns yesterday as he ushered in the new year by attending morning worship. Accompanied by Queen Camilla, the couple beamed as they greeted well-wishers outside St Mary Magdalene on the Sandringham estate. In a tweed coat, brown brogues and a purple patterned tie, the 74-year-old monarch looked relaxed, while smiling Camilla, 75, wore a dark coat with a brooch, beret and suede boots. After the service they shook hands and spoke to some of the hundreds who had ­gathered outside. This year was the first time members of the Royal Family spent Christmas at Sandringham since 2019, due to Covid.