Arsenal have released a statement condemning two incidents of antisemitism during the course of their 2-0 win over Tottenham this weekend. The club have launched a full investigation into the incidents with one happening at The Cally pub in Islington with the other 'grossly offensive anti-semitic statements' made by one individual. It is not known what the exact content of the chanting was however it is clear it was of a highly offensive nature. Members of the Tottenham board including Daniel Levy and majority shareholder Joe Lewis are from Jewish backgrounds with the Jewish Chronicle estimating that a maximum of five per cent of Spurs supporters follow the religion. Arsenal have now denounced the incidents via a statement released on the club's website while promising to launch a full investigation. It read: "We have been made aware of two disturbing incidents over the weekend involving anti-semitism which are now under investigation. "There was an incident at the North London derby on Sunday involving Arsenal supporters in which one of our fans overheard grossly offensive anti-semitic statements made by another Arsenal fan. On the same afternoon, we were appalled to hear of an incident at The Cally pub in Islington, involving other anti-semitic chants. "We recognise the impact this behaviour has on our many Jewish supporters and others and condemn the use of language of this nature, which has no place in our game or society. "Arsenal must be a safe and welcoming environment for everyone, and we want to be clear that any kind of discriminatory abuse is not welcome at our club.  We will not stand for this kind of behaviour and will take strong action against any supporters who we establish are responsible for such acts. Anyone identified will receive a lengthy club ban and their details will be passed to the police to commence legal proceedings." The on-field action was more positive from an Arsenal perspective, with the Gunners cruising to a 2-0 win at the home of their fierce rivals. An own goal from Hugo Lloris and a long-range strike from Martin Odegaard had the team two goals up within 36 minutes, seeing out the rest of the match without properly being threatened. DON'T MISSArsenal allowing player to leave hints at first January signing for ArtetaMan Utd boss Ten Hag confirms fresh injury blow and Weghorst debut planMudryk could sting Arsenal twice as Edu set to pay price for transfer failure  The aftermath of the match was overshadowed after a Tottenham fan kicked goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale in the back following the final whistle while the result will now be further marred after the incidents of antisemitism. Arsenal have urged fans to report any examples of antisemitism to the police or a steward if within the stadiums. The ‘See Something, Say Something’ service is also available with supporters able to report any incidents discreetly by texting “FOUL” to 67777 along with a description and location within the Emirates. 