The seven meal selections are designed to help feed a family of four an evening meal for a week for under £20, across the supermarket’s Just Essentials range. The food scheme aims to help Britons cook a whole week’s worth of healthy evening meals for as little as £2.10 each meal for four people. Shoppers can view the Just Essentials ‘7 for £20’ plan on the Asda website, where customers can browse the seven recipes and find the ingredients they need. The wholesome budget meals Tuna and Tomato Pasta, Bacon and Pea Frittata and Chicken Stew and Rice. The new recipe line comes after the Just Essentials range launched last year, aiming to provide low-cost food basic foods. Customers can get Just Essentials items from fresh produce to cupboard essentials with prices starting at just 16p. READ MORE: Thousands of state pensioners get less than £100 a week but payment boost to come in April The project includes a meal plan for when families can have the evening meal including:  Information about the new range on the Asda website includes these details: “Please consider portion sizing when giving to children. “May include substitutions. Delivery, collection, and minimum basket charges may apply. Delivery/collection slots subject to availability. May exclude small stores: asda.com/smallstore.” Many shoppers are looking for ways to reduce their weekly groceries bill as the price of food continues to increase. One Sainsbury's customer shared a tip that helped her slash her weekly food bill from £49 to just £3.50. READ MORE: 'Can't afford to stop’: Brits forced to work into later life as ‘pensions won’t stretch’ Leia Winch was able to hugely reduce her costs with savings practices such as looking out for yellow discount stickers, reports the Manchester Evening News. She also used supermarket loyalty schemes to collect points, which she then transferred into coupons or vouchers, to slash the cost of her weekly shop. She explained: "I managed to get the weekly shop from Sainsbury's for just £3.58 reduced from £48.58, as I used some of the points I’d saved up and converted them to vouchers, and got a lot of reduced foods including meats, ready meals, and vegetables.” Ms Winch also shops around different stores when they are offering deals, and was recently able to do a small food shop at the Co-op for £4.28, rather than £22.40. She also uses cashback sites, which give a person some money back when they go shopping. Online surveys are another way the savvy savers make some extra money, as these can take between five and 10 minutes, and pay out between 25p and 40p. She said: “With the cashback apps and survey sites, I tend to get a lot of free items, like four bottles of shampoo from Boots, or big bags of dog food, which I gave to friends and family. I’ve also managed to get four free jars of coffee, which actually costs £5.50 per tin in store.” She also looks for alternative, cheaper ways of doing the things she enjoys, taking advantage of deals such as two-for-one cinema offers and takeaway deals.