Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola confirmed that he will invite Gareth Bale to play golf with him after the Tottenham and Real Madrid icon announced his retirement from football on Monday. The legendary Wales forward announced he would be quitting the sport in a lengthy social media post, and now has more time to enjoy his passions outside of the professional game after a successful career that saw him with the Champions League on five occasions. Guardiola admitted in his press conference that he had been turned down after asking Bale to play golf with him previously, but will extend another invitation to the former Real Madrid man. He said: “Playing golf with Gareth Bale? He was busy, maybe now he has time. I will invite him again.” Speaking ahead of his side's Carabao Cup quarter-final tie with Southampton on Wednesday, Guardiola admitted that Bale was always out of his price range, but now the avid golfer can work on the second sport he has a passion for. "Too expensive," Guardiola responded when asked if he ever tried to sign Bale. "What a player. Fantastic career, won a lot of things. I think he represents Wales with more than 100 caps and now he can become a fantastic golf player." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Bale announced his retirement on Monday, having led his country to their first World Cup since 1958 and released an emotional and lengthy statement confirming his decision. "The highest of highs over 17 seasons, that will be impossible to replicate, no matter what the next chapter has in store for me," the 33-year-old wrote on social media. "From my very first touch at Southampton to my last with LAFC and everything in between, shaped a club career that I have an immense pride and gratitude for. Playing for and captaining my country 111 times has truly been a dream come true. READ MOREArsenal target Mykhaylo Mudryk's agent sets record straight on '£70m Chelsea bid'Shakhtar chief spotted yards from Todd Boehly as Chelsea and Arsenal battle intensifiesMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMW  "To show my gratitude to all of those that have played their part along this journey, feels like an impossibility. I feel indebted to many people for helping to change my life and shape my career in a way I couldn't have ever dreamed of when I first started out at 9 years old. "To my previous clubs, Southampton, Tottenham, Real Madrid and finally LAFC. All of my previous managers and coaches, back room staff, team mates, all the dedicated fans, my agents, my amazing friends and family, the impact you have had is immeasurable." Bale had often been ridiculed at Real Madrid towards the end of his time at the Spanish club, as he frequented the golf course on several occasions despite being unfit to play for the giants, owing to his injury concerns. However, Guardiola believes that the Welshman can now spend as much time as he would like perfecting his swing, and could be set to join him. 