The air fryer is a popular kitchen appliance, as it not only saves time and cleaning up, but also money as it uses less energy than a standard oven. Some so many foods and dishes can be cooked in the air fryer and jacket potatoes can be cooked in as little as 30 minutes. Poppy O’Toole, also known as @PoppyCooks on TikTok, shared her method for cooking jacket potatoes in the air fryer. She said: “I’ve been listening and I know you want quicker, cheaper and more energy-efficient recipes. “I know a lot of you are using air fryers, so here’s my ‘how to’ for the perfect air fryer jacket potato. “It takes 35 minutes altogether for a beautifully golden and crispy jacket potato. [And] it’s a really good way to make them, it’s cheaper than an oven. READ MORE: Three food storage ideas to keep lettuce fresh and crispy “First, get some big potatoes, I’ve got Maris Pipers and I’m going to pierce them with a fork all over and then add some oil and massage that in. Sprinkle with a little salt. “Place into the air fryer basket at 170 degrees Celsius for 20 minutes,” she added. “After 20 minutes, check them and give them a little shake. Back in at 200 degrees Celsius for 15 minutes.” Her video received hundreds of comments with clever ways to slash the cooking time of the potato in the air fryer. Michelle B said: “10 mins in micro then 10 mins in air fryer. Perfect jacket potatoes every time.” DON'T MISS...Martin Lewis’ two ‘simple rules’ to burn 4,000 calories a day [COMMENT]Astrologer shares horoscope for each animal sign this Chinese New Year [EXCLUSIVE]6 safe and effective methods to stop rats visiting your garden [EXPERT] Someone replied on how the jackets turned out using this method: “Spot on, soft on the inside and crisp on the outside.” Jenny added: “Yes! honestly the best I've ever had!” A third chimed: “Yep this is the way to do it. Add butter and salt after microwaving.” If using a microwave to speed up the cooking process, place a small glass with an inch of water in it, on the plate with the potatoes. The water prevents the potato from drying out. Some suggest wrapping the jacket potatoes in tin foil to help them cook quicker as aluminium conducts heat, then traps it. READ MORE: Five food storage ideas to stop cheese from going mouldy If using tin foil, you can also add a pile of salt underneath the potato before wrapping it as salt removes the moisture from the skin and makes it crispy. TV chef James Martin previously said during an appearance on This Morning that table salt is better as opposed to sea salt or rock salt if you want crispy skin. To reduce cooking time further, you can also use smaller potatoes, especially if the jacket potatoes are a side dish to a bigger meal. Supermarkets usually stock ‘baking potatoes’, but if you’re seeking a specific type then Maris Piper or King Edwards are good choices. Frozen jacket potatoes can also be a great option - as they are really quick to cook. Poppy also cooks “gorgeous, golden, fluffy and crunchy” roast potatoes in the air fryer. She uses Maris Piper potatoes and peels them and then cuts them into four. Before placing them onto the air fryer basket, she pours “a little bit of water” into the bottom, “that’s going to help steam them and cook them all the way through”. Cook for 10 minutes at 170 degrees Celsius to steam them, then up the temperature to 200 degrees Celsius for 15 minutes until the potatoes are “golden”.