Money is often tight in January so there’s nothing worse than facing unexpected DIY costs. A worrying new noise could be a sign something in your home is broken and needs to be immediately dealt with. If you ignore the sound, you could end up with a cost much higher than the initial one. To help determine what certain noises are and whether they need fixing, Toolstation has worked with an expert to reveal what the noise is, how much it will cost to fix and what could happen if the problem is ignored. We’ve all heard a hissing radiator, whether it’s in our own home or someone else’s. While it doesn’t sound serious, it’s a sound that shouldn’t be ignored as it could be a sign your radiators need bleeding. Sound: Hissing radiator Problem: Radiator needs bleeding Cost estimation: £1-£3 for a radiator key A hissing radiator means there is water or air moving through the heating system. Sometimes, too much air can get trapped in a radiator and stop it from heating up in parts, or even altogether. READ MORE: Remove ‘stains’ from hobs using £2 cleaning item - 'works so well' Bleeding the radiator is the best way to fix this issue, and this can be done at home with a radiator key. The affordable fix would only cost between £1-£3, however, if hissing is accompanied by banging and thumping or other loud noises, then a heating engineer may need to investigate further. An expert said: “Leaving your radiator to hiss and not bleeding it can lead to other problems that are worse than your original one. “Firstly, trapped air means your heating will reduce despite you having it on, wasting your money. DON'T MISSPatio expert shares best method to clean paving slabs [INSIGHT]Houseplants that 'purify the air in your home' and help you sleep [UPDATE]Methods to stay warm in winter with strategic furniture placement [ANALYSIS] “Leaving it for long enough will cause knock-on problems to the whole of your system and you’ll eventually have to call in a plumber. This will substantially increase the cost to fix.” Sound: Bubbling or popping Problem: Low pressure or kettling in boiler Cost estimation: £75-£300 A bubbling or popping sound coming from a boiler may not sound serious but it could be a sign of either low pressure, or more seriously, kettling. Kettling is when the heat exchanged overheats and produces steam bubbles. When the bubbles move to a colder area, they make a “bubbling” sound. If it is the latter, this would require calling in a heating professional. READ MORE: Six ‘easy’ and ‘exciting’ cheap improvements to make in 2023 Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Kettling repair can cost an estimated £75-£300. The experts said: “If you do hear a peculiar sound coming from your boiler, it’s always good to call a professional either way just to double-check. “Low pressure in your boiler usually just requires topping up.” Problem: Birds or a leak Cost estimation: £120-£180 for gutter servicing or a professional to fix the leak Any noise coming from guttering could be one of a range of issues such as pests, birds or a leak. A leaking gutter could be due to unwanted holes in pipes, a broken bracket or a failed seal. If there is an issue, you may need to get your gutter serviced by a professional which could cost an estimated £120-180. Fixing the issue straight away could save a lot of money down the line. The expert said: “Leaving the gutter to leak could mean causing further damage to the outside and the inside of your home. “A continuous stream of water can cause damage to the external brickwork, and if left long enough, could eventually cause internal damp. “This would cause damp patches, bubbling wallpaper and other water damage.”