Taylor Fritz was forced into an hilarious defence of his drawing skills following his Australian Open win over Nikoloz Basilashvili. The No 8 seed was pushed all the way before prevailing 6-4 6-2 4-6 7-5 in his first round match, setting up a clash with home player Alexei Popyrin on Thursday. And he celebrated in the now customary American way afterwards, signing the camera lens with a lock on his way out of the arena. Fellow compatriots Madison Keys, Jessica Pegula and Frances Tiafoe have all done similar following their own victories in Melbourne. The trend has been picked up by the Tennis Channel, who tweeted out a split picture of the quartet writing their celebratory scribble. They captioned the post "Americans are locked in," prompting a mixed response from their 398,000 followers. Indeed, the picture drawn by Fritz, 25, aroused a lot of interest. Unfortunately for the star, who enjoyed a breakthrough year in 2022 as he won at Indian Wells, his lock appeared to resemble a penis - which many fans and players picked up on - and not a lock as he intended. JUST IN: Australian Open LIVE: Emma Raducanu beaten by Gauff as Nadal also crashes out "Three locks and a c**k," wrote @Jack__Dawson. @berankoriI offered a different view, adding "Thought Fritz drew either a popsicle or a jellyfish." @euddean said "The tom foolery" alongside a host of laughter emoji's. DON'T MISS:Novak Djokovic drops ominous injury update to Australian Open title rivalsAustralian Open security boot out 'rowdy British' fans for foul-mouthed Andy Murray chantCoco Gauff makes Emma Raducanu request after winning Australian Open clash Fellow star Pegula was sming the first to reply, goading him with "hahahahhahahahahahah" and her own lock emoji, while @steveneichenb reassured Fritz with "Congrats on the victory, no one’s concerned about drawing." It's not the only amusing saga to involve Fritz of late. At the United Cup, he jokingly threatened to 'knock out' teammate Tiafoe after the latter tried to sabotage his post-match interview.