According to a recent report, Manchester United are keen on signing Youri Tielemans from Leicester in the wake of the news Donny van de Beek will be sidelined until the end of the season. And, since then, it’s also emerged the Red Devils have had a longstanding interest in the Belgium international. Erik ten Hag has landed two players so far this winter - and a third certainly wouldn’t go amiss as they look to challenge Arsenal for the Premier League title. Last week, it was claimed United were eyeing Tielemans. The Leicester star has long been a consistent performer in the Premier League and, with his contract winding down, represents a shrewd opportunity. Since then, journalist Ben Jacobs has confirmed United have longstanding interest in the player. Speaking to GiveMeSport, he said: “We know that Manchester United have had a long-standing interest in Youri Tielemans, but Tielemans was not that sold at a point when he thought that Arsenal were also very seriously at the table and may move a bit quicker. “Now Manchester United are flying on the football field, it will be interesting to see whether that changes anything in Tielemans’ perception of Manchester United.” So, following those new details, Express Sport will now take a look at four reasons the United board have to bring Tielemans to Old Trafford this winter. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Van de Beek has struggled throughout his time at United, with the Netherlands international previously missing out on game time under the likes of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. But the 25-year-old was impressive against Bournemouth earlier in the month before being forced out of the showdown. Now, United have a space in their squad that should really be filled as they look to win a first league title since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. Fred and Scott McTominay are both good squad players but, if injury strikes on Bruno Fernandes, Christian Eriksen or Casemiro, they’ll be woefully short. United would, therefore, be right to bring Tielemans in to ensure they don’t suffer any more blows in personnel between now and the end of the season. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see United effectively have a free run at Tielemans, meaning a transfer shouldn’t be too difficult to wrap up. Arsenal have long admired the Belgian but, right now, the Gunners are focusing on strengthening their attack instead. And though Tielemans was linked with Newcastle earlier in the window, the Toon also appear to have other priorities at the current moment in time. United have, in the past, found themselves embroiled in bidding wars. But Tielemans represents an easy chance to strike a deal and that’s something the board should take note of as they look to give Ten Hag the best possible chance of succeeding. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here While United are reluctant to spend big this winter, Tielemans’ bargain price should prompt them into a U-turn. The Belgium international’s Leicester contract is due to expire at the end of the season, when he’ll then be available for free. And United, as a result, can recruit him for a lower fee than what he’s worth. Leicester have, in the past, demanded substantial money to let Tielemans go - with figures quoted ranging from £40million to £80m. With the player currently destined to go for free, however, they’ll likely have to accept a drastically reduced figure. With Tielemans essentially available, United just can’t turn down the chance to recruit a player of his calibre. Good footballers being available on the cheap doesn’t happen very often, after all. And with United still in the mix for four competitions this term, strengthening their ranks would be a logical next step. The Red Devils are the only team who can in a quadruple in the Premier League, FA Cup, Carabao Cup and Europa League. So United, to give themselves the best possible chance of glory, need to take action.