Overloaded hospitals are on the brink of collapse, with waits of more than 10 hours commomplace, and elderly patients lying in their own urine, an A&E doctor has warned in a blistering assessment of the chaos facing the NHS. The harrowing account, viewed thousands of times on Twitter, comes at a time when the health service is creaking under the strain, with the Royal College of Emergency Medicine they were facing unprecedented levels of demand. The Oxfordshire-based doctor, who describes himself as a registrar with more than nine years’ experience, wrote: “This morning was the first time EVER that I cried in my car after a shift. “I was on nights over the New Years period, but New Year was not the issue, every shift is like this now.” Whereas five years ago there were typically 50 patients in the department on handover at night, now there was 180, they explained. Meanwhile, whereas it used to be that roughly 20 patients faced waits of between one and two hours to see a clinician, between 60 and 70 percent were waiting ten hours. He continued: “87-year-olds coming in after falls sitting on chairs for 17 hours. “Other elderly patients lying in their own urine for hours because there’s no staff, or even room to change them into something dry.” Patients were regularly lying on the floor of the department as a result of a shortage of chairs, he warned. The registrar continued: “Now we’ve got to the point where people are actually dying. People who’ve been in ED for 2-3 days. “The media and public might blame the ED nurses and doctors for this, but honestly what the **** are we meant to do with 180 people in a department built for 50? “We need to accept the truth, the NHS isn’t breaking, it’s broken. “The NHS as we knew it is dead, and it breaks my heart, because it’s a beautiful system. “The public have no idea, they really don’t know how dangerous this all is. READ MORE: Chilling New Year’s Eve message scrawled onto killer Russian drone “When they come in they’re horrified, but most of the population don’t know how bad it is. “This could be their mum on a trolley for 17 hours, or their wife or son or daughter. “I genuinely feel it’s now our responsibility to speak out. We don’t for fear that it will make our hospital look bad or harm our careers. “But it’s not a hospital problem, it’s a national problem, and it’s a problem brought about by the politics of the people in power. “We need to shine a light on what they’ve done, make the public so angry that they demand a change.” DON'T MISSQueen Margrethe admits to ‘difficulties’ within Danish Royal Family [LATEST]Starmer election blow as report suggests weaker Labour lead [ANALYSIS]Putin nightmare as hospital treats 350 Russian soldiers [SPOTLIGHT] The account was shared by Liberal Democrat MP Layla Moran, who also referenced it during an interview with ITV’s Paul Brand today. Express.co.uk has contacted Ms Moran for further comment. A Department of Health and Social Care spokesman said: “We recognise the pressures the NHS is facing following the impact of the pandemic and are working tirelessly to ensure people get the care they need, backed by up to £14.1 billion additional funding for health and social care over the next two years. “This winter, the government has provided an extra £500 million to speed up hospital discharge and free up beds – and the NHS is creating the equivalent of at least 7,000 more beds to help reduce A&E waits and get ambulances back on the road. “We’re supporting and growing the health and social care workforce through training and recruitment campaigns at home and abroad, and there are record numbers of staff working for the NHS, including 9,300 more nurses and almost 4,000 more doctors compared to September 2021.” Speaking on BBC Radio 4’s Today Programme this morning, Education minister Robert Halfon said the pressure on A&E departments was a "top priority" for Prime Minister Rishi Sunak. The Conservative MP for Harlow acknowledged the pressures facing the health system but said: "I'm absolutely clear that the Prime Minister treats this as a top priority. "We're increasing the NHS capacity by the equivalent of 7,000 beds, spending an extra £500 million to speed up hospital discharge and improve capacity."