Deontay Wilder has worried boxing fans with his latest string of tweets. The Bronze Bomber, who has never been particularly active on Twitter, now seems to be tweeting nearly every hour and claims that he can’t ‘lower the levels of volume in his head’. Wilder’s latest tweets range from wholesome self-help advice to bizarre ramblings about his midnight feasts. The American also appeared to admit he is suffering from insomnia. “This INSOMNIA DISORDER GOT A KING WANTING SOME INSOMNIA COOKIES...” tweeted the former WBC heavyweight champion. And his other posts are just as strange, comparable to those of Conor McGregor during his social media rampage last year. “I'm f**cking some Kellogg's Raisin Bran Crunch up right now with some Lactaid Milk. Enjoy milk again! Ain't nothing like them midnight munchies,” read one from Sunday. “The thing about mood swings they come and go. Beware of whom you surround yourself w/because their energy/mood can project the way your day will go. I want a vanilla surprise sundae w/hot caramel & chocolate on the foundation topped w/M&M & peanuts w/a whip cream finish,” read another from Friday night. But Wilder appears to be aware that his recent social media activity is off.  “I just got a lot to say right now so excuse my behaviour... I'll enter back into my world soon… I hate when I can’t lower the levels of my mind volume makes my head hurt,” added Wilder in two separate tweets. Some fans are supportive of Wilder being able to “truly express himself”. However, others have raised their concerns. “Lost the plot,” tweeted @NBuoey. “Someone take his phone off him for f*** sake,” wrote @scottiee_89 MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul and Fury face off spirals into chaos as rivals separated in ring Beterbiev digs deep to stagger and stop Yarde in instant classic British Mike Tyson Itauma on course to break icons record with big KO “I think Fury hit u in the head too many times,” said @Sl1837493726381. Meanwhile, one concerned supporter (@Mike79664745) commented: “Take care of yourself champ your family needs you.” Wilder recently returned to action after 12 months out of the ring to knock out Robert Helenius in the opening round of their WBC semi-final eliminator back in October. He is now expected to box Andy Ruiz Jr in a final eliminator bout for a shot at Tyson Fury’s green strap. Wilder had been hopeful of staging his long-awaited grudge match with Anthony Joshua next, but the Brit is set to face Jermaine Franklin instead as he looks to rebuild his career after back-to-back losses to Oleksandr Usyk. According to Joshua’s promoter Eddie Hearn, a clash with Wilder is being targeted for the back end of the year. 