Comedian Dom Joly announced the sad news on Twitter on Tuesday, simply writing: "My mum died today." He also shared a selection of photos of his beloved mum, Yvonne, through the years on Instagram. Along with the photographs, Dom added in the caption: "Yvonne Joly 1929-2023." The comments section was quickly filled with well-wishes from his celebrity friends, including Nigella Lawson who wrote: "I’m so very sorry. May her memory be a blessing." Homes Under the Hammer's Lucy Alexander echoed: "Nothing can ever prepare you for this. So sad for you Dom. Sending love." Actor Tom Price penned: "Dom I'm so sorry. Sending love." READ MORE:Karren Brady blasts 'self-obsessed' Meghan as Kate honours Queen While footballer Trevor Sinclair said: "No words [broken heart emoji]." And author Sathnam Sanghera added: "I'm so sorry for your loss Dom x." Dom was born in Beirut, Lebanon, to Yvonne and John Joly. Yvonne was his second wife and they split when Dom was 18. Dom's father John sadly died in 2011. Dom previously described his upbringing as "idyllic, apart from the war" and from the age of seven he split his time between Lebanon and boarding school in Oxford. In the same interview with the Guardian, the TV personality said he had a "really good relationship" with his mum.  He continued: "I see [my mum] a lot. But in terms of being a grandma, she's so English and hands-off and doesn't know what to do with small children. "My wife is Canadian, and her mum is an über mother-in-law. My wife can't believe what my family are like." DON'T MISSAnt McPartlin’s ex-wife Lisa sparks concern with cryptic post[INSIGHT]Ola Jordan slips back into Strictly catsuit amid 3.5 stone weight loss[PICTURES]Liz Hurley, 57, risks wardrobe malfunction in plunging black gown[LATEST]  He also said that his parents were "quite detached" and he had a nanny while he was growing up. Dom is married to graphic designer Stacey MacDougall and they share two children: Jackson and Parker.  Dom previously told MailOnline that he worries about having an "empty nest" when his kids leave home. He said: ""My next worry is the empty nest. I think about it every day.  "My daughter is in her second year at Oxford. I wept like a baby after dropping her off at university. "My son is doing his A-levels, but he's out quite a lot now. So occasionally my wife and I stare at each other going: 'Is this it?'" Dom is best known as the star of Trigger Happy TV and for taking part in I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! in 2010, finishing fourth. 