Arsenal and Tottenham are at risk of being dumped out of the FA Cup by lower-league opposition this weekend. The Gunners travel to Oxford on Monday night while Tottenham host Portsmouth on Saturday. And Express Sport takes a look at five of the biggest FA Cup third-round upsets ever ahead of some more potential 'cupsets' this weekend. Newcastle 0-1 Cambridge United (2022) You only have to go back a year for one of the biggest third-round upsets ever as League One side Cambridge United stunned Newcastle at St James’ Park. Newcastle had been in woeful form during the first half of last season and were desperately trying to avoid relegation from the Premier League under Eddie Howe when they hosted Cambridge. But Joe Ironside, who had grown up idolising Alan Shearer, scored the winner as he fired in the only goal of the game 11 minutes into the second half. Crawley 3-0 Leeds (2021) A year before Newcastle had suffered the ignominy of losing to League One opposition, fellow Premier League giants Leeds succumbed to League Two side Crawley. Leeds were played off the pitch at the Broadfield Stadium as second-half goals from Nick Tsaroulla, Ashley Nadesan and Jordan Tunnicliffe were enough to hand Crawley a 3-0 victory. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE And the day ended in more embarrassment for Marcelo Bielsa's side as Crawley brought on reality television star Mark Wright in stoppage time at the end of the match. Manchester United 0-1 Leeds (2010) Leeds enjoyed their own FA Cup third round upset back in 2010 as they defeated Manchester United 1-0 at Old Trafford. The Whites were flying in League One at the time as Jermaine Beckford netted the only goal of the game after 19 minutes. Leeds went on to force a replay against Tottenham in the fourth round but lost the second encounter 3-1. DON'T MISSChelsea ace Marc Cucurella causes Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink and Jamie Carragher disagreementShakhtar chief spotted yards from Todd Boehly as Chelsea and Arsenal battle intensifiesMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag casts doubt over Jadon Sancho return following Holland exile  Wrexham 2-1 Arsenal (1992) In 1992, Wrexham stunned Arsenal 2-1 at the third round stage, despite coming into the match a staggering 90 places below the top-flight club in the football pyramid. The game appeared to be heading for a routine victory for the Gunners when Alan Smith opened the scoring at the Racecourse Ground. But ex-Manchester United winger Mickey Thomas equalised for the Red Dragons courtesy of an excellent free-kick, before Steve Watkin bagged the winner soon afterwards. Hereford 2-1 Newcastle (1972) Perhaps the most famous third-round upset came in 1972 when Hereford defeated Newcastle in a replay after the first match at St James’ Park had ended in a 2-2 draw. Malcolm Macdonald had given Newcastle the lead in the second clash at Edgar Street. But Ronnie Radford’s scintillating long-range effort with five minutes remaining levelled the scores, before Ricky George scored the winner in extra time. 