One 13-year-old boy has died while another is seriously ill in hospital after both took part in a horrifying "blackout challenge" streamed live on TikTok. The challenge, which is also referred to as the "choking challenge" and the "pass-out challenge", involves participants asphyxiating themselves until losing consciousness. The teenagers were alone at the house in General Roca, Rio Negro Province, Argentina, on the afternoon of 15 January when they allegedly did it. It is unclear who found the motionless youngsters. The eldest boy was taken to the Francisco Lopez Lima Hospital by ambulance. He was admitted in a serious condition and has so far been unable to tell the police what happened. The youngest boy was found dead at the scene and his body was taken to a local morgue to undergo an autopsy. The teen's death was reportedly ruled as mechanical asphyxiation by hanging. The Public Prosecutor's Office has remained tight-lipped about the incident as it involves two minors. However, the police stated that the victims' injuries seem to be connected to their involvement in the online challenge. JUST IN: Ukraine LIVE: Biden confirms US will send Kyiv new batch of tanks Updated reports said the surviving teen is currently in a serious but stable condition. Earlier this month, a 12-year-old girl died after allegedly taking part in the same challenge in her bedroom in Argentina. Milagros Soto was found dead after filming the whole incident. The victim's aunt Laura Luque said her niece received the link to carry out the challenge in a WhatsApp chat. The young girl reportedly choked to death at her home in Capitan Bermudez, Santa Fe Province, Argentina, on 13 January. The police investigations into the two deaths are ongoing. DON'T MISSUS tank deliver will need 'Herculean' effort as state set for trouble [REPORT]Scholz weakness 'ideal chance' for UK to smash German-Franco axis [REPORT]UK 'Mozart Group' launch life-saving missions to thwart Putin's war [REPORT] The Samaritans can be reached round the clock, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. If you need a response immediately, it’s best to call them on the phone. You can reach them by calling 116 123, by emailing jo@samaritans.org or by visiting www.samaritans.org.