Washington DC residents have urged authorities to investigate the content of the classified documents discovered in Joe Biden's old office and his private residence. The President sparked backlash for branding predecessor Donald Trump as "irresponsible" after more than 300 files were found at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida. DC locals admitted to being "concerned" about Biden holding on to documents from his vice presidential days, insisting he should be subjected to the same level of scrutiny as Trump. Asked about the files, DC resident Sue said she is "very concerned about them", adding: "I'm concerned he's hiding something about his financial dealings with Ukraine and China. And his son Hunter's as well." President Biden's youngest son Hunter Biden has sparked speculation over his financial dealings since before his father's election in 2020, with the GOP pledging to carry out an investigation to uncover whether the President benefitted from any schemes. Christine admitted she would only be concerned were the classified documents found to put national security in jeopardy. She said: "The only concern I have is if the documents are going to jeopardize the United States citizens and our health and well-being. That's when it becomes a problem." JUST IN: Joe Biden's classified documents spotlight 'troubling double standard' to Donald Trump Asked whether details of the content should be made public, Charles said: "I would like to know what it is. Shoot, Trump got in trouble for it, he's the President of the United States, we should know what's going on." Democrat voter Gary suggested the Biden document issue had been "blown out of proportion" because of the Department of Justice's ongoing investigation into the files discovered at Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort and a Florida storage unit in August. He said: "Because of the Donald Trump situation, I think it's been escalated, blown out of proportions. I am a Democrat and I've voted for Biden but I don't like the way this is going down. "I think he's still irresponsible because he should have caught up on that even after Trump got caught. I would go back and say, 'hey, make sure everything I have is clear'." READ MORE: Trump lawyer accuses Biden's legal team of a 'clean-up job'  Washington resident Emily told Fox News President Biden should receive the same treatment as Trump, including whether he should be charged or not for keeping classified files after the end of his tenure as vice president in 2017. She said: "My concern is when they do something about ex-President Trump's, they'll do something about his. If you let Trump go, let Biden go. "But they both should be...something should be done about both of them." And one enraged voter accused the President of being "hypocritical" after the Democratic Party criticised Donald Trump over his mishandling of secret documents. DON'T MISS New York City Mayor blasts immigration response as a 'national crisis' [INSIGHT]Joe Rogan believes Democrats 'trying to get rid' of Biden [ANALYSIS]Mother and son accused of running home brothel [VIDEO] She said: "It concerns me very much. It is very, at the least, hypocritical for him to have gone after President Trump. "August 8 changed everything in this country. I think it's very concerning and I hope this is investigated swiftly, and completely, and gotten to the bottom of." And this week the White House brushed aside criticism of its fragmented disclosures about the discovery of the documents, warning it may withhold information to protect the Justice Department's investigation. White House counsel’s office spokesperson Ian Sams told reporters that the White House was releasing information as it deemed it “appropriate". Responding to criticism of the piecemeal disclosures, Sams said the White House was trying to be mindful of the “risk” in sharing information “that's not complete.”