With energy bills on the rise, keeping costs as low as possible is extremely important for many people, meaning many will not have the heating on for prolonged periods of time. To help Britons keep their homes warmer for longer, the experts at Utility Bidder have shared various different ways to make sure the heat doesn’t escape. The experts explained: “The UK often experiences spells of bright sun throughout the autumn and winter months, so it’s important to use this to your advantage. “Make sure all curtains and blinds are fully open so that the light projected by the sun can help to heat up different rooms within the house.” Then, when the sun goes down, close curtains and blinds to retain the heat. According to Safe Style Windows, around 18 percent of the total heat within a house is lost through the windows. This is caused by radiation, through glazing, convection and conducted through the window frame. Hillarys experts said curtains can reduce heat loss by up to 41 percent in a single glazed window. Households could also manage heat loss by layering curtains over blinds or shutters so if you have this combination, make sure they are both closed during the day. READ MORE: ‘Only’ solution to ‘fully’ remove condensation and damp from your home It’s unlikely Britons will be able to last the whole of winter without putting the heating on at some point, according to the expert. This means looking at different ways to use as little energy as possible is crucial. One way homeowners can do this is by making sure there are no items of furniture in front of the radiator as the soft furnishing will soak up the majority of the heat. Instead, if possible, leave the radiators exposed in order for the heat to reach the whole room. Also make sure no curtains block the radiator completely as this could be a hazard. The pros added: “When taking a hot shower, you’ll often find the bathroom becomes filled with steam which in turn produces heat. DON'T MISS:Method to clean your whole washing machine with no scrubbing [EXPERT]Method to ‘deep clean’ mattresses at home for £1 [EXPLAINER]Four garden plants to always prune in winter [INSIGHT] “Before taking a shower, leave the bathroom door open so that some of the steam and heat warms the surrounding areas of the home, which will hopefully leave you feeling warmer for longer.” However, it is also important to make sure your home gets some ventilation throughout the winter months, especially in the bathroom. If not, the moisture could lead to damp and mould issues. Opening your windows for just 15 to 20 minutes per day could help to prevent common issues during winter such as condensation and mould. The experts noted: “When radiators within the home are turned on, it’s important to not allow the curtains to cover the radiator, as this will direct the heat towards the window. READ MORE: Six methods to protect ‘delicate’ plants from being killed overnight “Instead, make sure the radiator is exposed by gently placing the curtains behind the radiator, which will help to heat the entire room.” This may sound simple, but any areas exposed to draughts can bring the cold air in and let the crucial warm outside. With this in mind, making sure all doors and draughts are covered, can help to keep the home warmer for longer. This may mean investing in draught excluders at the bottom of doors or a letterbox draught cover. According to the pros, fixing the letterbox so cold air can’t enter the home will have a “big impact”. Chris Shaw, CEO at Utility Bidder, said: “The UK is currently facing an energy bill crisis, with homeowners around the country waiting anxiously to see how the energy price increase will impact them. “With the colder months closing in, many people will be wanting to heat their homes but with extortionate energy prices looming over our heads, switching the heating on isn’t as straightforward as what it once was. “Here at Utility Bidder, we wanted to share some small hacks homeowners can incorporate into their daily lives in the hope that they can heat their homes for longer, without seeing their energy bills increase drastically. “Simple tips such as knowing where to place furniture in your home, leaving the bathroom door open when showering and allowing as much sunlight in as possible throughout the day will enable people to feel warmer for longer and with financially uncertain times ahead, simple changes around the home could potentially go a long way.”