Waterloo Road airs on BBC One this evening (January 3) at 8pm and the show is available in its entirety on the BBC iPlayer now. The seven-part series will be airing weekly and focuses on a new class with a mixture of familiar faces and newcomers. Waterloo Road will be tackling issues from teen homelessness and the cost of living to LGBTQ+, racism, sexism, mental health and everything else affecting adolescents in this day and age. Longstanding cast member Angela Griffin reprises her role as Kim Campbell, who is now headteacher, after previously starring in Waterloo Road between 2006 and 2010. Griffin’s impressive career spans from care drama Help, Netflix’s White Lines, The Detail and Cutting It. Adam Thomas returns as Donte Charles and starred in the show for three years previously and featuring in 51 episodes. Thomas is also known for his roles in Emmerdale as Adam Barton, Pitching In and I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here! Katie Griffiths makes a come back as Donte’s wife Chlo Charles after being part of the show for a similar stint. Griffiths has starred in Rock & Chips, Doctors, Prime Suspect 1973 and Hatfields & McCoys. James Baxter stars as teacher Joe Casey who is also known for his roles in Emmerdale, Alma’s Not Normal, Still Open All Hours and The Witcher. Jo Coffey takes on Wendy Whitwell following on from appearances in The Witcher: Blood Origin, Avoidance, EastEnders. Neil Fitzmaurice appears as teacher Neil Guthrie and viewers may recognise him from his performances in Brassic, Semi-Detached and In the Long Run. Vincent Jerome will be Lindon King and has starred in Fool’s Errand, Wonder Woman 1984, Transformers: The Last Knight and TV series The Few. Best known for her roles in Coronation Street, Shameless and Where the Heart is, Rachel Leskovac takes on Coral Walker. Singer, presenter and actress Kym Marsh stars as Nicky Walters with the star no stranger to screens after starring in Coronation Street previously and appearing on Strictly Come Dancing. One of the newcomers to Waterloo Road will be Adam Abbou as student Danny Lewis with the rising star appearing in the critically-acclaimed BBC series Time. Priyasasha Kumari will be another pupil Samia Choudhry following on from her turn in You Don’t Know Me. Adam Ali appears as Kai Sharif with the star appearing in Little America, Baba and Europa. Taking on the part of Preston Walters is actor Noah Valentine, who has featured in The Bay on ITV. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry makes emotional plea to King Charles in new clip [VIDEO]Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer [VIEWER REACTION]Jennie Bond questions Prince Harry's intentions in scathing rant [ANALYSIS] Adam Thomas’ daughter with Coronation Street star Tina O’Brien, Scarlett will be playing Donte and Chlo’s daughter Izzy Charles. Alicia Forde stars as student Kelly-Jo Rafferty after roles in Ryan Can’t Read and The Painter & The Poet. While Francesco Piacentini-Smith is Dean Weaver after starring in Masters of the Air, Outlander, Mayday and The Nest. Liam Scholes appeared in Noel McManus who starred in Peaky Blinders, Butterfly and Coronation Street. Other student cast members include Summer Violet Bird as Tonya Walters, Ava Flannery as Verity King, Thapelo Ray as Dwanye Jackson, Inathi Rozani as Zayne Jackson, Chiamaka 'ChiChi' Ulebor as Shola Aku and Sahil Ismailkhil as Norrulah Ashimi. Waterloo Road airs on BBC One tonight at 8pm and the full series is available as a boxset on the BBC iPlayer