It never rains but it pours. Chelsea boss Graham Potter’s position in the dugout now looks even more vulnerable in the wake of a 2-1 Premier League defeat to Fulham on Thursday night, with the Blues looking insipid throughout the showdown. Despite only hiring the 47-year-old earlier in the season, the reasons for Todd Boehly to make a change are growing. Chelsea had gone into their match with Fulham looking to turn their terrible form around. Yet it was to be another shocking night at the office for the Blues, who lost 2-1 with the hosts reigning supreme courtesy of goals from Willian and Carlos Vinicius. Chelsea also saw Joao Felix dismissed on his debut, with the Portugal international now set to miss a month of action. And the result means the Blues have won just one of their last nine games, with pressure rising on Potter as a result. For now, Chelsea have been briefing they maintain faith and trust in the 47-year-old - having prised him away from Brighton earlier in the year. Yet Express Sport will now take a look at four options Boehly should consider if he ends up relieving Potter of his duties. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Let’s start with the obvious. Mauricio Pochettino’s stock has fallen in recent years, with the Argentine currently on the market following his departure from Paris Saint-Germain back in the summer. Yet while he admittedly didn’t live up to expectations at the Parc des Princes, he remains one of the best managers in the world. Pochettino worked wonders at Tottenham, making them a consistent Premier League force while guiding them to the Champions League final in 2019. And he’s also done well at Southampton and Espanyol in the past, too. Given his availability, and experience of managing in England coupled with his teams’ attractive football, he’d be frontrunner should Potter depart. Eyebrows were raised when, back in 2014, Barcelona decided to hire Luis Enrique as manager. He hadn’t exactly set the world alight at Roma but was seen as the perfect man to take on Lionel Messi and one of the hardest jobs in football. Enrique then went on to help Barcelona win a historic treble and he most recently managed Spain at the World Cup in Qatar. He was unable to guide them to the golden gong, with Spain exiting at the last-16 stage to Morocco. Yet Enrique has shown throughout his career he’s a capable and astute manager. There was even talk of a potential move to Manchester United last year, before Erik ten Hag arrived instead. Zinedine Zidane has often downplayed suggestions that he’ll manage in the Premier League, with a language barrier seen as a potential obstacle. Yet with Chelsea having the wealth to turn his head, Boehly can be forgiven for eyeing further parting of the funds. Zidane has been a free agent since leaving Real Madrid in 2021, with Los Blancos going on to win the Champions League under Carlo Ancelotti since his departure. There’s talk of him taking over at Juventus come the end of the season, with Massimiliano Allegri struggling ever since returning to the dugout. But Chelsea always like a Galactico and they don’t come much bigger than Zidane, who has won the Champions League three times since hanging up his boots. Imagine. Just imagine. Thomas Tuchel is still a free agent, with Aston Villa unsuccessful in an approach following their decision to chop Steven Gerrard. Boehly and the German had a strained relationship, which lead to Tuchel losing his job at Chelsea back in September. Yet he’s a serial winner who succeeded at Stamford Bridge and, certainly, the decision to relieve him of his duties has proven to be the wrong one. There’s no indication Boehly will swallow his pride but he should. A manager like Tuchel is a rare breed and, given he guided them to three European trophies during his stint, the former Borussia Dortmund and PSG boss would deserve an apology and a second chance.