Kate, Princess of Wales rarely misses when it comes to fashion, and her appearance at The Wildlife Photographer of The Year 2014 Awards was no different. The then Duchess opted for a full length gown - with a twist. On October 21, 2014, Kate stepped out at the awards show wearing a pale blue dress. It boasted mid-length sleeves and had a relatively low cut V-neckline. Both the bodice and the skirt of the dress were asymmetrical, with the material gathered on one side to enhance Kate's figure. From the back, it looked like a stunning yet classic floor length gown, one that the royal might usually wear. READ MORE: Camilla and Beatrice refuse to get involved in popular royal trend However, from the front it looked more like a mini skirt, with Kate's enviably toned legs on display. The high-low trend was a popular one in 2014, and the royal is no stranger to experimenting with her look. Royals do not typically wear mini dresses, although Zara Tindall has often been spotted showcasing her fabulous pins. And typically royals wear tights with their dresses, in keeping with royal guidelines, according to an expert. Daena Borrowman, PR, Social and Digital Marketing Manager at jewellerybox previously told Express.co.uk: "Royal women are expected to wear pantyhose whenever their legs are exposed in public." While this is not a written rule, it appears to be typically observed by royal women. However, Kate opted for a pair of dainty white sandals - complete with ribbons tied at the ankles - so did not look to be wearing tights on this occasion. She accessorised with a petite white snakeskin clutch and as for jewellery opted for silver. READ MORE: Meghan's fashion choice that Princess Diana would avoid - pictures The royal turned heads in a silver chain with lots of geometric shapes attached to it, and matching silver drop earrings. Of course, she also donned her stunning Ceylon sapphire engagement ring previously belonging to Princess Diana. Kate wore her hair in a chic yet effortless bouncy blow dry, which is certainly one of the royal's go-to styles. Her makeup was characteristically flawless, with dark eyeliner on the top and bottom lash line bringing out her green eyes. She also boasted a subtle dark smokey eye, and a swipe of mascara. Her foundation was dewy and she wore a touch of highlight to add some brightness to her already flawless finish. As is typical of royal women, Kate polished off the look with a nude pink lipstick.