Chelsea's £35million capture of Benoit Badiashile this month has caught the attention due to his seven-and-a-half-year contract at Stamford Bridge. The 21-year-old defender has penned the third-longest deal in Premier League history, joining Graham Potter's squad from AS Monaco. But how does his marathon contract compare to the longest in football history? Express Sport takes a look... Andres Iniesta spent 22 years at Barcelona after joining as a youth player in 1996, leaving one year after signing a lifetime contract in 2017. The Spaniard is recognised as one of the best midfielders of all time, and only Lionel Messi and Xavi eclipsed his 674-appearance tally for Barca. Lifetime contracts are seemingly exclusive to La Liga, with Real Madrid also handing one to Iker Casillas in 2008. He went on to make 725 appearances for Los Blancos, leaving in 2015 with the second-most games played for the club behind Raul. And here he is... Real Madrid also awarded Raul a lifetime contract in 2008, 16 years into his stint in the Spanish capital. He departed two years later with the most appearances and, at the time, goals in the club's illustrious history, scoring 323 goals in 741 games. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Real Betis not only paid a then-world record fee of £21.5m to sign Sao Paulo winger Denilson in 1998, but they also tied him down to the only ever 10-year contract. However, his time in Spain didn't go to plan, netting just 13 times in 175 games before leaving for Bordeaux in 2005. Lionel Messi signed several contracts throughout his legendary spell at Barcelona, but the longest was a nine-year agreement as he broke into the first team in 2005. The Blaugrana likely would've tried to secure him in a lifetime contract if they could, with his 2021 exit to Paris Saint-Germain leaving a sour taste in the mouth. Saul Niguez's stock has plummeted in recent seasons. But before falling out of favour with Diego Simeone, he was a key player for Atletico Madrid and signed a nine-year deal in 2017. The Spaniard has now been at Atleti for over 10 years and, given the path his career is following, is unlikely to stay until 2026. DON'T MISS: Chelsea and Spurs' £99m target Gvardiol declares love for Liverpool  An undisputed Athletic Club legend, Inaki Williams penned a nine-year contract in 2019, including a release clause worth £117m. The 28-year-old forward has made 357 appearances for the Basque outfit, and it wouldn't be surprising to see him retire as a one-club player. As Cesc Fabregas impressed in Arsenal's first team as a teenager in 2005, the club tied him down to a eight-year contract, hoping they secured the future of one of Europe's most exciting midfield prospects. But they couldn't keep him for the duration, with Barcelona swooping in to lure him back to the Nou Camp in 2011. Alan Pardew's eight-year contract at Newcastle United in 2012 is probably the most memorable long-term deal in English football history. What were the Magpies thinking? After he guided Newcastle to fifth in the 2011/12 Premier League, winning the Manager of the Season award, things turned sideways, and Pardew agreed a compensation agreement to leave two years later. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here