He has found himself criticised for taking a private jet to Blackpool and in trouble with the police again after it was revealed he didn’t wear a seatbelt as he filmed a video for social media in the back of a moving car. It was all part of his attempts to promote the announcement of his levelling up announcement this week, which backfired spectacularly and left him running scared from his own backbenchers. It’s little wonder. His Levelling Up Fund is in chaos and beset by delays. Fifteen months after the first round of allocations, just five per cent of the money has made it to the communities who were promised it. Also, it takes extraordinary political arrogance to expect the British people to be grateful for a partial refund on the money they have stripped out of their communities, which has hollowed out vital local services like childcare, buses and social care. Even with the latest funding announcement nearly all places are still worse off. Out of 151 local authority areas, only eight have not experienced real-terms cuts since 2018 even when new levelling-up funds are factored in. Britain isn’t working.    The Government’s only answer to a broken country is a ‘Hunger Games’ style contest forcing communities to compete for small sums of their own money back after a decade of resources being stripped out. They continue to rely on a few sectors, in a few small corners of the country racing ahead to redistribute minimal proceeds of growth to the rest of the country. This is the kind of sticking plaster politics that Labour has promised to end. If they stopped micro-managing decisions from Westminster we could build a country that works. We will end this contest of pitting community against community. It’s why we’ve set out plans for the biggest-ever transfer of power out of Westminster, with our Take Back Control BIll so local leaders can harness the skills and assets in their area to drive growth, and all people in all parts of Britain are given the backing to make a contribution. We’ll make sure communities don’t have to go cap-in-hand to Whitehall for small crumbs of their own money back, to do what they know will work for them. Behind every boarded-up high street is a local economy that is failing - failing to grow, failing to put money into people’s pockets, and failing to give young people choices and chances so they don’t have to get out to get on. No part of Britain can succeed unless we grow our economy in every place, not just a lucky few. 