Michael Jackson died 14 years ago at the age of just 50. Less than two weeks later a public memorial service took place at the Staples Centre in Los Angeles ahead of a private funeral that September. The latter was attended by around 200 of the star’s closest friends and family including Dame Elizabeth Taylor, Macaulay Culkin and MJ’s first ex-wife, Lisa Marie Presley - the only child of Elvis Presley. The 54-year-old was pronounced dead this month on January 12, 2023, after suffering a cardiac arrest. Her death was confirmed by Priscilla Presley. Fans will know that Jackson and Lisa Marie had been briefly married between 1994 and 1996. The King of Pop’s funeral saw his family arrive in a motorcade of 31 vehicles, while his brothers Randy, Tito, Jermaine, Jackie and Marlon were his pallbearers. His siblings carried the gold-plated casket into the service at Glendale’s Forest Lawn Memorial Park. And after the service, Lisa Marie stayed behind to have a private moment by her former husband’s body. Speaking with Oprah in 2010, Lisa Marie shared that she was the last person to stand over Jackson’s body at the funeral. The TV host asked her: “As you stood over his casket, were you able to make peace?” After pausing, Lisa Marie replied: “No, I don't think I could make peace then. “It was more like I wanted to apologise for not being around.” Reflecting on Jackson’s untimely death, Lisa Marie said: “Had I just said, 'How are you?' “Can I try to make a phone call? I really did regret that I didn’t.” The star’s funeral cost $1 million and this included $590,000 for the crypt in Forest Lawn’s Great Mausoleum. Today his remains are resting inside the Holly Terrace section of the building. DON'T MISSMichael Jackson death: How did Michael Jackson die? Cause of death? [DEATH]Michael Jackson death: Elizabeth Taylor was hospitalised with grief [ELIZABETH TAYLOR]Michael Jackson's daughter Paris sexy role in new film [DAUGHTER] While The Great Mausoleum is not open to the public, Jackson’s unmarked crypt is partially visible from the tinted entrance. Fans cover the final resting place in flowers, which security guards put out in memory. Lisa Marie has been married four times, with Jackson being her second husband. The 53-year-old’s first marriage was to Danny Keough, with who she had her late son Benjamin. Benjamin is now buried at Graceland alongside his grandfather Elvis, great grandparents Vernon and Gladys and great-great-grandmother Minnie Mae. His final resting place is near the mansion’s pool in the Mediation Garden. Lisa Marie was married to her third husband, Hollywood star Nicolas Cage, from 2002 to 2004. While her fourth marriage was in 2006 to Michael Lockwood, who she divorced this year.