Housing important organs like your liver, visceral fat, also known as belly fat, can spark serious complications due to its location. A build-up of this fat type can therefore imperil vital functions, hiking your risk of chronic complications like heart disease. Fortunately, food could pose as an antidote against visceral adiposity. While weight loss diets are usually trying to target the jiggly fat right underneath your skin, visceral fat is stored deep inside your belly. This location might make it out of sight and out of mind but it’s crucial to keep this fat to a minimum. Fortunately, research suggests there are many foods and drinks that can target the fatty culprit, with proteins playing an important role. Chemically speaking, protein is composed of amino acids, which are organic compounds made of carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, oxygen or sulphur. READ MORE: Dementia treatment could be on the way as scientists find way to replace brain cells GP Nisa Aslam, from Aminoscience Metabolism Support Supplement, shared there are two crucial amino acids when it comes to shedding visceral fat. Aslam said: “Two amino acids play a key role in burning fat – leucine and arginine. “[They] are a dietary must and are used to produce two hormones involved in body fat and weight control. “These are insulin and glucagon, which are our satiety regulators, telling us we have had enough to eat.  “They play a key role in blood sugar balance which helps to drive loss of abdominal (visceral) fat and weight overall.” However, when people try to lose weight, they focus on restricting their calorie intake, which could leave protein behind as well. Fortunately, there are many different foods that could help you get enough protein, hence amino acids. Aslam said: “Leucine is found in both animal and vegetable protein sources including cheese, sunflower seeds, meat, fish, peanuts, almonds, and oats. READ MORE: The popular drink that could increase mouth cancer risk - labelled 'carcinogenic' by NHS “Arginine is found in all nuts which are rich sources, together with fish, chicken, eggs, and beans.” What’s more, small amounts of these two potent amino acids should be enough to help you burn visceral fat. The expert said: “Quite small quantities of leucine and arginine are needed to burn visceral fat to help plug any dietary gaps. “These amino acids benefit from a helping hand from other nutrients such as thiamine, niacin, vitamin B6 and zinc, all of which are essential for energy metabolism. “Botanicals such as green tea and guarana also boost metabolism and help to reduce visceral fat.” Plus, these amino acids don’t wait around and can start burning fat “quite quickly”. If you aren’t sure whether you can get enough leucine and arginine from your diet, supplements might be a better option for you. Assam suggested Aminoscience Metabolism Support because “it ticks all the boxes as it will plug any dietary nutrient gaps and get you to the end goal sooner”.