Eliza and Amelia attended the New Nobu Opening during the Atlantis, The Royal Grand Reveal Weekend, a new ultra-luxury resort in Dubai on Friday, January 20. The sisters were joined by their partners, Greg Mallett and Michael Lewis. For the event and the afterparty, Eliza and Amelia opted for short mini dresses: Amelia wore a white dress, while Eliza donned a black dress. Amelia's dress was long-sleeved and featured a round neckline and a feather-like skirt. It also had cut-out square on its bodice. The dress was brand-new and by Zimmermann, from the Australian designer's Spring/Summer 2023 Ready-To-Wear collection. Amelia matched this with the N.18 Crystal Embellished Clutch Bag by Fregoli Italia. READ MORE: Anne & Camilla had 'potential for frostiness' - but now have 'rapport' The bag was small and circular with a clasp at its top. It was decorated with multicoloured pebble-like stones. Amelia completed the outfit with a pair of heels from Gina Shoes. These were the 'Dietrich' Camel Satin Platform Sandals with Swarovski crystals. The crystals covered the whole shoe, as well as the platform heel. Royal fans were quick to comment on Amelia's outfit, which divided opinions - some liked it, while others were unimpressed by it. DON'T MISS: Face yoga routine to eliminate your double chin naturally [INSIGHT]Try '60 second' tip to de-puff eyes and get rid of dark circles  [COMMENT]Look younger using 'easy' makeup tip to 'get rid of' mouth wrinkles [EXPLAINER]  Instagram user @birdnerd327 wrote: "I usually love Zimmerman pieces but this crosses into figure skating outfit territory." Catherine Duncan said: "Not my style, but she looks great and I love her bag and shoes." Martina Schippers commented: "She looks like she is about to dance on ice. Who is that man next to her. I intensely dislike the way he is dressed, with his buttons open to almost his belly button. No no no." User @ellainthecityboston, however, wrote: "Lady Amelia looks fabulous! Perfect for the occasion." READ MORE: Anne & Camilla had 'potential for frostiness' - but now have 'rapport' User @a_yearofbooks_ said: "Oh love this!!! Styling is perfect, look is perfect, 10/10!" As for Lady Eliza, she wore a black mini dress with a high neck and covered in sequins. She combined this with a pair of eye-catching, shiny black heels. The sisters were also pictured yesterday, January 21, attending another event as part of the Atlantis, The Royal Grand Reveal Weekend in Dubai. For this occasion, Amelia wore a stunning silver gown by Alberta Ferretti, from the designer's Autumn/Winter 2019 Ready-To-Wear collection. The dress was mermaid-like with a long, flowing pleated skirt and a bandeau bodice. Eliza, meanwhile, wore a bright yellow Zimmermann dress called the 'Wonderland' Ruffle Gown. She paired this with a Versace bright pink leather bag and matching pink shoes. The shoes were Michael Kors' 'Imani' Pink Patent Leather Sandals.