Call the Midwife is back on BBC One this week and Matthew Aylward's (played by Olly Rix) father, Sir Brigham, comes to visit, relations between the pair are frosty. His father’s opinion of Poplar is very different from his own as Matthew wants to invest more money in the borough. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about Sir Bingham actor Michael Cochrane. In the upcoming episode, Matthew is shocked when he hears his father wants to sell up when it comes to business in Poplar. Their relationship is at an all-time low and things take an even worse turn when Trixie Franklin (Helen George) is left to deliver Matthew some heartbreaking news. Matthew's father is played by Michael Cochrane, an actor from Brighton who is known for his roles in The Archers and Sharpe. He has also appeared twice in the Doctor Who series as two different guest stars. READ MORE: Call The Midwife Reggie star says show saved him from 'cruel bullies' The actor is 75 years old, having been born in May 1947. He is married to actress Belinda Carroll, known for Cards on the Table and Callan, and has one child. Viewers may recognise him as Henry Marten in the Netflix series The Crown. The star is also known for his film career, having featured in Escape to Victory and The Return of the Soldier. The star has some huge credits to his name, appearing as the ship's officer in the BBC's Keeping Up Appearances episode titled Sea Fever. He also appeared as Mr Price in ITV's detective drama Wycliffe, in the episode titled Strangers. His IMDb biography reads: "He has starred in almost every long-running mainstream British television show since the 1970s. "Versatile and balanced, understated and elegant, this actor has always been somewhat typecast as upper-class businessmen or members of the British gentry. DON'T MISS... Linda Bassett's age explained as she takes Call the Midwife spotlight [EXPLAINER] Helen George details 'utterly terrifying' role away from BBC series [INSIGHT] Call the Midwife viewers in tears over domestic abuse storyline [DISCUSSION] "He has a menacing on-screen presence in villainous roles." Judging by the preview for the upcoming episode of Call the Midwife, his antagonistic side will come forth again. In the preview, Trixie is heard telling Matthew: "If your father wants to visit, we will make him welcome." However, Sir Brigham does not look impressed upon his arrival, saying Poplar "is not what it was". He later adds: "I'm going to sell the whole...hovel from under them." Viewers will have to wait and see whether Matthew sacrifices his relationship with his father to save Poplar. Since he has grown closer to Trixie, the residents of Poplar have become his priority. He is likely to put his marriage first as he goes against his father's intentions.  Call The Midwife airs on Sundays on BBC One at 8pm