Buzz Aldrin has married for the fourth time - at the age of 93. The American astronaut must be over the moon after revealing his nuptials with Dr Anca Faur, 63. The second human to set foot on the lunar surface said the newlyweds are as “excited as eloping teenagers”. He wrote in a Twitter post on Friday: “On my 93rd birthday & the day I will also be honored by Living Legends of Aviation I am pleased to announce that my longtime love Dr. Anca Faur & I have tied the knot. “We were joined in holy matrimony in a small private ceremony in Los Angeles & are as excited as eloping teenagers.” Aldrin famously followed Neil Armstrong’s footsteps after the Apollo 11 mission touched down on the moon in 1969. READ MORE: California deal claims fuel speculation Meghan plans to enter politics says DAVID MADDOX Aldrin, whose distinguished career includes serving as a fighter jet pilot during the Korean War, smiles as the happy couple hold the wedding bouquet. Faur was born in Deva, a small city in the Transylvania area of Romania.  She holds a PhD in chemical engineering from the University of Pittsburgh and is Aldrin’s fourth wife. Aldrin, who holds a degree in mechanical engineering, tied the knot with first wife Joan Archer in 1954. Reflecting on their relationship after Apollo 11, Archer, who died in 2015 aged 84, told the LA Times: “I had married an engineer and here he was a hero.” DON'T MISS: 'Evil' monster gets 60-year sentence for luring students into sex cult [SPOTLIGHT]Republican George Santos humiliated as brazen 9/11 claim debunked by travel records [INSIGHT]Miracle castaway survived off ketchup while stranded at sea for 24 days [REVEAL]   The pair had three children together - James, Janice and Andrew - before divorcing in 1974. He married second wife Beverly Van Zile in 1975 and they divorced three years later. She died on April 14, 2004 at the age of 73. Aldrin married third wife Lois Driggs Cannon in 1998. The pair divorced in 2012 and she died six years later at the age of 88.   