Lorraine Kelly was joined by Paul Burrell on her ITV show today. "Paul Burrell will be here with lifechanging news," she said. "He'll be sharing his cancer news for the first time in the hope that he'll help others." Paul is a former member of the British Royal Household and latterly butler to Princess Diana. He first joined Charles and Diana's household at Highrove House, Gloucestershire, in 1987 as the butler to the princess until her death in 1997. At the time, he suggested that Diana had said he was "the only man she ever trusted". Paul was joined by Dr Hilary on the ITV morning programme as they discussed men being screened for prostate cancer. READ MORE: Zoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update He explained that he was diagnosed with prostate cancer and added his diagnosis was slightly different as he described it as a "blister". The royal expert said that if it bursts it could potentially spread cancer cells throughout his body. Paul said that he is due to undergo an operation next month as Lorraine said she planned to support him through his health struggle. He added: "I'll get through this," during their candid chat. The 64-year-old said that he was "so tired" and had been diagnosed last summer. "I'm on hormone therapy at the moment and it's robbing me of my testosterone," he told Lorraine. "I'm emotional." Paul said that he had needed to go for a medical last year and that, as part of their duty of care he had a "full MOT". Following a PSA test - a blood test that helps detect prostate cancer - his GP suggested that his levels were "fairly unusual". He then underwent an MRI scan which showed a shadow over his prostate. DON'T MISS... Original Wednesday from Addams Family dies at 64[LATEST]Zoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update[RADIO]Alex Scott lifts lid on kiss with 'very famous’ boyband star[ADMISSION] "I'm on an emotional educational rollercoaster and not knowing where I'm going to be," he said as he began to tear up. "Thinking 'Am I going to be here next year [for Christmas]?'... I told my boys and they said 'Dad, we need to spend more time with you'." "At the same time you realise that there are thousands of men out there like me who have no symptoms and don't know they have it," he continued as he said that he wanted to raise awareness. "I was really lucky they caught it early," Paul continued. "I don't think men are particularly good about going to the doctors - they need nudging." Dr Hilary Jones later stepped in to explain that there aren't always symptoms when men are diagnosed with prostate cancer. Paul recalled telling his sons about his diagnosis adding that he felt lucky it was caught early. He is well-known for being the royal butler of the late Princess Diana. He went on to appear in the 2004 series of I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! and has also appeared on Stars in their Eyes. Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV from 9am.