Several motorists claimed that an electric car just “doesn't go” with their lifestyle and hit back at their “extortionate prices”. One driver said their “diesel is working fine” with others adding that their car could be topped up in just minutes at petrol stations instead of using charging bays. Express reader ‘Bonyparte’ said: “It takes me four minutes to fill my diesel tank. “Until an EV can charge up within the same time I will never ever consider changing my car.” ‘PT19’ claimed: “EV's are never going to take over. It's all hype. For a whole raft of reasons they're just expensive woke toys in line with the current green fad. “Ok maybe for a shopping runaround if you can afford the extortionate prices. Hydrogen is the future.” READ MORE: Government could seek to 'cash in' from electric car sales ‘Mark 27’ added: “I live out in the sticks and an EV just doesn't go with my lifestyle. Plus I can't afford one and my diesel is working just fine.” Reader ‘Derek_S’ said: “I've said many times that EV's will never be anything more than playthings for rich people. “The people that already have them and say they won't go back to conventional cars are only the few relatively well off people who can afford them and spend most of their time driving in town. “They're too expensive and impractical for the rest of us.” DON'T MISS Three Clean Air Zones to be introduced across the UK this year [INSIGHT] EV drivers face massive queues for chargers at motorway services [REVEAL] Common car feature destroys fuel economy and may lead to 'problems' [WARNING]  He added: “There is no way conventional vehicles are going to become obsolete by 2030, the public won't stand for it.” Despite the comments, a poll from ZapMap previously revealed the vast majority of drivers who bought an electric car would not go back to petrol or diesel models. The study found 91 percent of owners were “extremely happy” with their fully-electric model. Meanwhile, just one percent said they would return to an internal conviction vehicle after making the switch. READ MORE: UK drivers warned of fines for driving a petrol or diesel car in Spain  Some Express readers also backed the poll saying they supported the transition to electric cars. Reader ‘RonnieClef’ said: “Surely only a nincompoop would say no to ever owning an electric vehicle?  “If an EV was cheaper per mile, cheaper to buy, lasted longer, could do the same mileage, could be refilled as quickly and was as sound for the environment then why wouldn't you want one?” ‘Man in Oz’ added: “Whatever arguments are put forward for NOT owning an EV will soon NOT be valid. “The speed of the progression of the ability of these EVs will render those fears harmless.