An aspiring marine was killed when he tried to break up a fight over an e-scooter in Bournemouth a court has heard. Thomas Roberts, 21, was stabbed by Lawangan Abdulrahimzai, 21, last year as he fought with James Medway over the machine. Medway had been out on a "very chilled" night out with Roberts on March 12 last year when the incident occurred. Before the fatal altercation, the court was told Abdulrahimzai had been riding around the town centre in the early hours aboard the e-scooter, and before the attack had attempted to headbutt a clubgoer. That same night, Roberts and Medway had themselves visited several bars and had been looking to take a taxi home. Upon seeing the apparently abandoned e-scooter, Medway suggested they use that as their method of getting home. Nic Lobbenberg KC, for the prosecution, said: "There was an altercation with Abdulrahimzai. Thomas was the peacemaker, he came between the two men. “For his troubles, he received two stab wounds. The first was to his chest, it cut two bones in his rib, and sliced through his chest cavity and cut the left ventricle of his heart. There was a second wound to the abdomen.”  Lobbenberg, discussing the altercation, said: “Mr Medway says to Tom: ‘We don’t need to get a taxi home, we can scoot. It’s not being used, we can take it.’ “He is immediately confronted by Abdulrahimzai, Tom comes between them and the defendant gets in Tom’s face and is very aggressive. “The defendant is getting in his face and he [Tom] slaps the defendant in the face with an open palm. Abdulrahimzai draws a knife and stabs him twice.” Following the attack, the court heard how Abdulrahimzai fled the scene, and dropped his mobile phone and the knife he had used during the attack. However, he was arrested the next day at the address police had tracked his phone back to. The court was told by the prosecution: "The knife had been brought by Abdulrahimzai. After the stabbing, Abdulrahimzai fled and James chased him but lost him in nearby woodland. Abdulrahimzai dropped his mobile phone. He went back to his place in Poole and changed his clothes. On the 13th, he was arrested at the address, police had tracked his phone back to him.”  Members of the public stepped in to try and help Roberts who was taken to hospital where he died of his injuries. On CCTV footage from the area Roberts, who also worked as a nightclub DJ, can be seen staggering before collapsing seconds after he was attacked. Abdulrahimzai has admitted manslaughter, and denies murder on the basis of "loss of control" defence. The trial continues.