The Survation survey, carried out between January 10 and January 12 found that 54 percent of those surveyed would vote No in an independence referendum while 46 percent would vote Yes. The result was arrived at after "don't knows" were removed from the responses. The poll is the first of its kind on the topic this year and follows several surveys at the end of last year that put Yes ahead. While some may suggest it marks a shift in Scotland's feeling on independence, it should be noted that polling was conducted before the Government's controversial blocking of Scotlands's Gender Reform Bill. The survey comes a matter of months after Ms Sturgeon's hopes of holding a second referendum on independence were dashed in November. The Supreme Court ruled that Holyrood did not have the power to hold one without the permission of the UK Government. As the UK Government seems unlikely to grant a second referendum, one believed to have been a once-in-a-generation vote when it was held in 2014,  then a second vote seems unlikely. Following this defeat, Ms Sturgeon said she intended the next general election to be a "de facto" referendum on independence. Meanwhile, Professor Sir John Curtice, told the Telegraph he was pessimistic about Scotland's economic future. READ MORE: Sturgeon urged to take action after schoolgirl viciously attacked Professor Curtice said: "At 46 percent, support for Yes in this poll is little different from the 47 percent figure Survation obtained when they previously addressed the issue last August. “Meanwhile, the poll suggests that, at 43 percent, support for the SNP would be well below the 50 percent mark that Nicola Sturgeon would like to surpass at the next general election – though it also suggests that, at present, fewer than half would vote for pro-independence parties in a Holyrood ballot too.” He added there was "no evidence in the poll that fighting the next election as a de facto referendum would reduce the level of SNP support. Rather, slightly more voters – 45 percent – say they would vote for the SNP in that circumstance." He followed: “In truth, if the SNP are going to win over 50 percent of the vote in either kind of election, the party will need first to persuade more people of the case for independence.” DON'T MISS: Woman 'can't stop crying' after no one turns up to her baby shower [REVEAL] Terror police and bomb squad called to suspicious package at hospital [INSIGHT] Martin Lewis broadband tip will reveal how bad your Wi-Fi really is [SPOTLIGHT]  Away from independence, Scotland has taken the decision to try to protect its natural environment by launching into a review of disposable vapes. The review could lead to the disposable devices being banned altogether. Circular economy minister Lorna Slater said: "Not only are single-use vapes bad for public health, they are also bad for the environment. "From litter on our streets, to the risk of fires in waste facilities, there are issues which need to be addressed urgently. "We will consider the evidence and expert advice and come forward with policy options, which could include a potential ban on single-use vapes." 