Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has spoken out after his side’s 3-1 FA Cup win over Everton on Friday night. The Red Devils continued their fine form to clock up a seventh win on the trot at Old Trafford. And it means their name will be in the pot for the fourth round of the competition as they look to end a six-year trophy drought. Manchester United were too strong for Everton in their FA Cup clash, with the Red Devils making it five wins from five since the recent World Cup in Qatar. Antony got the ball rolling in the fourth minute, with the Brazil international ending a 12-game goal drought for club and country after sliding home from close range. Conor Coady sparked fears of an Everton upset, capitalising on a huge mistake from David De Gea in the Red Devils goal. But Coady then put the ball into his own net in the second half, with Rashford netting a late penalty after a foul on Alejandro Garnacho in the box. All in all, it was another positive night at the office for United. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big And Ten Hag has hailed Rashford after the game, insisting the United star can get even better amid his impressive displays of late. "He is in good form and on a good run, keep it going,” said the 52-year-old. “If he keeps focus, concentration and the good work. If he keeps investing in training and games, I am convinced he can keep it going." However, Ten Hag also fired a warning to his squad by insisting United cannot ‘force’ trophies and must take each game as it comes. "I know Manchester United are always aiming for trophies and we are going for that,” he continued. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see On if United are equipped enough to win trophies, he added: "I think we will have that, we can fight and fight back if necessary. “We can act and stay composed so we have resilience. We have good skills in the team to win games and win prizes." Rashford also spoke out after the game, admitting United were aiming to win trophies this term as they continue to evolve as a team. "It's always nice to go through in cup games and the FA Cup is definitely a special one to play in,” he said. “We're pleased to go through to the next round and more importantly we keep momentum going and winning games. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "In terms of performances, it's probably the best that I've been so I feel good on the pitch, I'm getting into positions and areas to score goals. If I keep creating chances, I feel like I'll keep scoring. "That's [winning a trophy is] the aim, that's why we do what we do and why we work so hard. “We want to be in finals and the biggest games. Ultimately, we want to be win silverware and a trophy. Hopefully this season we get a chance to do that." Roy Keane, who was working for ITV Sport, hailed Rashford for the way he performed as United won again. "The beauty of tonight, is that is what I expect from him,” said the former Red Devils skipper, who is notoriously difficult to please. “I’m not surprised by his performance tonight. He is becoming one of main players for Manchester United. Can he get them back to competing for trophies? "He is taking responsibility. I expect goals and assists from him every week now, he is obviously playing with confidence. “He is going to go past you in one-on-one situations. You can't be too critical of the Everton defenders." Everton boss Frank Lampard, meanwhile, expressed a belief his side deserved something for their efforts. "We had spirit and bravery to play,” he said. “We didn't concede spaces to Bruno Fernandes and Marcus Rashford and managed to get upfield at pace. “We went 1-0 down here with our form this week, but we have been to Manchester twice recently and got a draw against City - one of the best teams in the world - and should have got something tonight." 