Fans have been eagerly waiting for the arrival of season 12 after the residents of Poplar and Nonnatus House were left shaken over the train crash. Rebecca Jennings, who plays newcomer Sister Veronica, recently opened up about her arrival to the show and admitted there could be some trouble ahead as she clashes with the veteran midwives and nuns of Nonnatus House. Sister Veronica is set to become a huge part of the upcoming episodes as viewers get to explore her unique background. She previously worked as a midwife in Hong Kong and has a great deal of experience that makes her stand out from the rest of the pack. Touching on her arrival to the show, Rebecca told Express.co.uk and other press: "I can't believe my luck, I am just bowled over. "Everyone has been so welcoming and patient and to be a fan of the show and then to be involved in it is just amazing. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry may be 'banished' as 'reconciliation unlikely' "The writing is so good, the cast are amazing and the guest artists. Just watching that, I haven't seen the Christmas filming so I was just balling. "You know you see behind the velvet rope and it pushes all the buttons every time so." Rebecca explained that she felt "discombobulated" on her first day of set and explained that she felt like she had signed up to a "summer camp". The star also teased what fans can expect from the latest arrival, and explained: "Urm, her parents, her dad was in the army so she travelled around a lot so she was always the new girl at school. "You can go one of two ways there, she has a really thick skin because I don't think she was always the most welcome person so she doesn't necessarily pick up on hints of behaviour the way other people do. "She kind of hobnail boots her way into situations and ruffle feathers but she has got a really good heart and she means well." When asked if there is any trouble to come for the midwife, she teased: "She can do yes but always with good in mind. She is a bit annoying." DON'T MISS...Meghan's ‘friend’ claims Harry will realise ‘mistake' of marrying her [INSIGHT]GMB fans 'switch off' as 'shouty' guests clash in unsolved crime row [LATEST]Emmerdale's Kyle Winchester's link to newcomer exposed  [WATCH] The upcoming series is set to include historically accurate birthing practices and technologies such as at-home visitors and "vacuum extraction" via forceps. Writer Heidi Thomas told PA: "We do have a new nun joining us, Sister Veronica, who arrives in the first episode. "Sister Veronica is going to be our very first health visitor, she’ll be helping us steer through the policies that were new at the time. "She’s very involved in what we call preventative health, for example, nutrition and supporting families." The synopsis for episode one on News Year's Day reads: "It is April 1968 and change is coming to Nonnatus House. "The sisters intend to make a good impression on new recruit Sister Veronica. It's clear she is no shrinking violet and will ruffle a few feathers. "Racial tensions cast a shadow over Poplar following Enoch Powell’s incendiary ‘Rivers of Blood’ speech. "Nancy and Trixie team up to support a terminally ill patient, and Fred is saddened to receive an official letter confirming the disbandment of the Civil Defence Corps." Call the Midwife airs New Years Day from 8pm on BBC One.