US coast guard officials have confirmed a Russian ship is under surveillance off the coast of the pacific islands of Hawaii. The incident comes amid heightened tensions between Washington and Moscow over the war in Ukraine. The US Coast Guards' Chief of External Affairs, commander Dave Milne said in a statement issued on Wednesday: "The U.S. Coast Guard is currently monitoring the Russian vessel operating in the vicinity of Hawaii. "As part of our daily operations, we track all vessels in the Pacific area through surface and air assets and joint agency capabilities. "The Coast Guard operates in accordance with international laws of the sea to ensure all nations can do the same without fear or contest. This is especially critical to secure freedom of movement and navigation throughout the Blue Pacific.” The statement issued by the coast guards suggests the action was taken after the "foreign-flagged" ship was spotted "loitering".   "While foreign military vessels may transit freely through the U.S. economic exclusive zone (EEZ), as per customary international laws, foreign-flagged military vessels have often been observed operating and loitering within Coast Guard District Fourteen’s area of response," the statement continues. Coast Guard District Fourteen covers more than 14 million square miles of land and sea and is policed by stations on Oahu, Maui, Kauai, the Big Island, and in American Samoa, Saipan, Guam, Singapore, and Japan. Footage released by the Coast Guard shows close-up pictures of the deck of the ship along with crewmen working onboard. Russian spy ships have also been reported tracking the British Royal Navy vessels in the past, and it is not uncommon for these vessels to be spotted in international waters  Pentagon spokeswoman Sabrina Singh said: "I can’t speak to why the Russians are sailing the ship right now, it’s kind of precarious timing." She said the Coast Guard is still monitoring the ship, which has been operating in international waters. "We haven’t seen any unsafe or unprofessional behavior and we expect that the Russians will operate within the region in accordance with international law,” Singh said. In the video posted to Twitter by the Coast Guard, the ship appears to be either being towed by another ship or in a resupply mode. DON'T MISS Ukrainian commander has helped decimate Wagner thugs [INSIGHT]Ukraine wipes out entire Russian military unit in Soledar [NEWS]Putin facing mutiny as Ukraine details reason behind military changes [REVEAL]  "US Indo-Pacific Command is monitoring the Russian vessels operating in international waters in the Western Pacific," the Pentagon said in a statement. "As Russia operates within the region, it is expected to do so in accordance with international law.” Russia is capable of deloying a number of spy ships, one such vessel is the Yantar, which was commissioned in 2015 and is officially known as a special-purpose ship or oceanographic vessel. The Yantar lacks any weapons but is equipped with advanced sensors and communication equipment for intelligence-gathering purposes. 