Prince Harry has received a warning from a UK police force which gave him some useful advice when it comes to mending damaged relationships with his family. Harry has come under fire for allegations made against his family in his memoir Spare. And now even the police has given their two pence when it comes to some of the claims made by the Duke of Sussex who accused Prince William of physically attacking him. The Bromsgrove Police Safer Neighbourhoods Twitter account responded to a clip of Harry saying in a BBC interview: "I would like to get my father back, I would like to have my brother back." The team responded to his comments: "Maybe stop slagging them off??" To no surprise, the tweet was taken down hastily after it was posted on January 3 at 10:58pm. Despise the speedy axing, the good people of Twitter were faster still, liking and retweeting the post thousands of times.  The post also sparked debate among users, with some slamming the police for their comments on the situation. One person told them they should focus on "catching criminals" rather than giving their opinion on the Harry spectacle. But others were pleased to see the comments. “Fair play to police for saying exactly what everyone in Britain is thinking. Shut your gob Harold!” said one user. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s Taliban ‘backpedalling’ shows Duke has ‘lost the plot’ Another said: "When the Bromsgrove Neighbourhood beat bobbies are sick of your whinging, you know you’ve gone too far Harry!" A third wrote: "Harry should get back to being the dimwit we all knew and tolerated while police should get back to failing to investigate burglaries and muggings." A fourth chipped in: "Maybe cops should spend more time catching criminals than trolling over-privileged poshos trying to flog a crap book?" In a tweet, West Mercia Police have since released a statement condemning the post. DON'T MISS:Harry’s claims ‘don’t add up’ says former royal butler [INSIGHT]Prince Harry accuses royals of waging campaign to ‘undermine’ his book [COMMENT]Archie and Lili's HRH titles 'surely cannot happen now' [PICTURES]  It said the move was “in error” and was “unprofessional”. The force commented: “We’re aware of a tweet which was sent in error from a force account this morning. “While this was unprofessional and is not what we expect from our officers, we are satisfied that this was a genuine mistake and no further action will be taken.”   