Idaho murder suspect Bryan Kohberger appears to lack the psychological traits usually driving a person to kill, a former FBI profiler claimed. Kohberger stands accused of murdering University of Idaho students Kaylee Goncalves, Madison Mogen, Xana Kernodle and Ethan Chapin at an off-campus residence in Moscow, Idaho on November 13. Former FBI agent Brad Garrett assessed Kohberger's profile and - if proven to be guilty - believes it would indicate that he shares psychological similarities with serial killers rather than more common examples of murderers. Mr Garrett said: "This suspect is different than most homicide offenders. "In other words, the typical murderer is driven by rage, jealousy, greed, domestic, whatever it might be. But it's not psychologically driven. "Serial killers, and I'm not suggesting this guy is a serial killer, but serial killers are driven by the satisfaction, the puzzle, and the excitement and the risk of killing people. "This crime, early on, struck me of all those variables. In particular when they didn't come up with a suspect that was apparently in sort of a relationship of some form with the victims." JUST IN: Biden slammed for latest Brexit meddling as President accused of 'political sycophancy' Authorities have said they will keep details of their investigation under wraps until such time when the information needs to be released for a trial. Kohberger, a PhD criminology student at Washington State University in Pullman, is not believed to have had any relationship with the four murder victims. The murder suspect is believed to have been linked to the crime scene via his DNA, with investigators using public geneaology databases to track him through relatives who shared their details on ancestry websites. Mr Garrett noted police have been increasingly using this method to track down and identify offenders. READ MORE: Donald Trump peddles conspiracy by claiming Georgia election workers part of 2020 'mess' He told ABC News: "It's becoming more and more common. If you go back to the most recent, well known case would be the Golden State killer. "He got linked 30 years plus after he apparently stopped killing people through genetic genealogy which, as you may well know, are public databases you sign up basically doing ancestral stuff on your own background. Police have figured out they can use that same database to maybe locate an offender. "So what happens is you have a DNA profile but you don't know who it goes to so you plug into maybe more than one database and you get a partial hit. "A partial hit would be that there is some genetic connection to have person they have found in this database and then they build off of that until they finally work their way down." DON'T MISS:Scary video shows individuals being rescued from an amusement park  [REVEAL]Ukraine war: Demands for Russian commanders to be punished  [SPOTLIGHT]Xi Jinping calls for ‘unity’ as China enters ‘new phase’  [INSIGHT] Kohberger was arrested at his parents' house in Pennsylvania on December 30 and will be extradited to Idaho to face his charges. Public defender Jason LaBar, who represented the murder suspect at his extradition hearing, said his client expects to be exonerated as he branded the murder accusations as "a little out of character." LaBar said: "He said this is not him. He believes he's going to be exonerated. That's what he believes, those were his words." Goncalves, Mogen, Kernodle and Chapin were found dead on the morning of November 13. Goncalves and Mogen, who had known each other since the sixth grade, had been out to a bar the evening before the murder and returned home together after grabbing some food at approximately 1am. Kernodle and her boyfriend Ethan had attended a party at his frat party on campus and also returned to her home in the early hours. The coroner's initial report said all four victims were likely asleep when they were attacked but wounds on the bodies showed they had attempted to defend themselves from their attacker.