   Lisa Marie Presley’s last social media post before her death was about her son Benjamin, and it has left fans completely heartbroken. The only child of Elvis Presley, who has sadly died aged 54, reportedly suffered a cardiac arrest yesterday.     In the wake of Lisa Marie’s tragic death, her fans have revisited her final Instagram posts. Back in August, she shared a screenshot of a first-person op-ed that she wrote for People magazine about her son Benjamin. Benjamin sadly died by suicide in his mother’s home when he was just 27 years old. In the caption, Lisa Marie wrote: "Hi. In honour of it being National Grief Awareness Day, I wrote an essay about Grief which was posted today on @people. READ MORE: Alex Jones on 'losing' her husband as he became 'shadow of himself'     “I thought I’d post it here in the hopes that anyone who needs to hear all of this it helps in some way." In the essay, she wrote: "Grief is incredibly lonely. Despite people coming in the heat of the moment to be there for you right after the loss takes place, they soon disappear and go on with their own lives. “And they kind of expect for you to do the same, especially after some time has passed." She added that she blamed herself "every single day" but that "death is part of life whether we like it or not."      Devastatingly, Lisa Marie added that she “keeps going for her girls” in the sad update. The late star is the mother of Riley Keough, 33, and twins Finley and Harper Lockwood, both 14. Lisa Marie’s mother Priscilla confirmed the news of her death in a statement obtained by People. She said: "It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us. READ MORE... Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss [INSIGHT] Lisa Marie Presley slurs words at Golden Globes just before death [NEWS] Lisa Marie Presley, 54, dies two days after Golden Globes appearance [NEWS]      "She was the most passionate, strong, and loving woman I have ever known. “We ask for privacy as we try to deal with this profound loss,” Priscilla added. "Thank you for your love and prayers. At this time there will be no further comment." Prior to Lisa Marie’s death, her devoted mother Priscilla was seen arriving at the hospital where she was being treated.     TMZ reported that Lisa Marie was discovered by her housekeeper, who found her in her bedroom unresponsive. The outlet went on to claim that, after going into cardiac arrest, the star received CPR in her home in Calabasas, California, by her ex-husband Danny Keough. She was then apparently placed into a medically-induced coma and remained on life support following the cardiac event. Lisa Marie was seen at the Golden Globes just two days prior to her death, where she showed up in support of Baz Luhrmann’s new film Elvis.   