Tottenham will be desperately hoping for a victory in tonight's FA Cup fourth round match against Preston North End in order to maintain their hopes of ending their dismal recent record in the competition. The north Londoners will be the heavy favourites to win at Deepdale but will know that Preston will not make it easy for them if they fail to perform at their best against their Championship opponents. Tottenham have won the FA Cup on eight previous occasions but have not managed to get their hands on the trophy since 1991, when they defeated Nottingham Forest in that year's final under the old Wembley twin towers. They have since endured a hugely disappointing run in the world's oldest domestic cup competition, which has included a shocking record of eight semi-final defeats.They last reached the semi-finals back in 2018, when they were beaten by eventual runners-up Manchester United and Chelsea the year before, while their most recent FA Cup exit came at the hands of Everton in only the fifth round. This year's edition of the tournament represents a great opportunity for Tottenham to win their first trophy of any kind since 2008, although they will need to avoid an embarrassing slip-up against Preston in order to retain their hopes of doing so.Their last-four defeat at the hands of Chelsea in 2017 also saw former Tottenham midfielder Jermaine Jenas left red-faced after the final whistle as he clashed with fellow pundit Alan Shearer over some questionable post-match analysis. Spurs were subjected to a 4-2 humbling despite levelling the scores with Chelsea on two occasions, but Jenas was adamant that his old club deserved to win and made his feelings clear in the BBC studio. JUST IN: Emiliano Martinez set for major blow with penalty rules to change "They were the better team throughout the game, they dominated possession, but granted, Chelsea were much more potent in front of goal," said Jenas. "Spurs have dominated that game. Chelsea were on the back foot for the majority of it – hanging on. Spurs played better than Chelsea."Shearer was left thoroughly unimpressed by Jenas' take on proceedings and wasted no time in shutting him down by pointing out that scoring four goals against the Premier League's best defence at the time did not suggest that Chelsea were on the back foot. Frank Lampard also chimed in to challenge Jenas by saying: "You don’t need to be at your best to win semis and finals, I know a lot about it. I would be disappointed if we lost 4-2 and be called a better team later." It remains to be seen whether Tottenham will be able to put their recent years of hurt behind them by going all the way in the FA Cup this year, although it will certainly be a difficult task for them to beat the likes of Manchester City and holders Liverpool to the grand prize.Preston boss Ryan Lowe is under no illusions over the scale of the challenge his team will face this evening but has urged his players to make the most of their opportunity to express themselves against Premier League opposition, telling reporters earlier this week: "It’s a real opportunity for our lads to test themselves against a fantastic team."The message is to go out and show what you can do. We’re live on the BBC, which everyone knows, so go and show good players how good you can be as well. I think the respect will be there mutually. They’ll respect us, we’ll massively respect them for where they are and what they’ve done, but I think it’s a case of going out and expressing yourselves and showcasing what you can do." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.