A grandfather-of-four was slapped with a £100 penalty after going through a red light to let an ambulance pass. Frank Wallington, 76, whose had a clean driving licence for over 20 years, was issued with the penalty after he made way for the emergency vehicle last March while making his way home from his cousin's funeral on the A52 Radcliffe on Trent, Nottingham.  The OAP had been driving home from his cousin's funeral when he was caught on camera inching past the lights - just one second after they changed. He had been making way for an ambulance which was approaching with flashing blue lights behind him. Fearing he would cause paramedics to be delayed by being stuck in front of them on a single lane, he felt he had no option but to inch forward to let it pass. But he was left stunned when he was slapped with a £100 fine and three points by Nottinghamshire Police despite only the front end of his BMW going over the white line. The grandfather of four appealed the penalty after he was handed a £100 fine and three points on his licence, but was left waiting almost a year for a response. Now he has been told he must appear at Nottingham Magistrates Court to dispute the fine. The pensioner said he is being "punished for doing the right thing" and being made to feel "like a criminal". The part-time school worker said: "I'm an advanced driver and I've always had a completely clean license. "I pride myself on being a very good driver. “I'm being treated like a criminal without having done anything wrong. I don’t think it’s just. If it was speeding and caught I would understand. “If there was no other vehicles involved I would probably have put my hands up and admitted it. "Instead I'm being punished for doing the right thing. The alternative was blocking and delaying an ambulance responding to an emergency. "I can't deny that I was one second late going through the traffic lights, but my point is there were very legitimate mitigating circumstances." READ MORE: Three women 'ambush and batter' former friend in her own home Mr Wallington said he was looking at the ambulance in his wing mirror when the lights changed from green to red. He said: "The ambulance and the car behind it were going quite fast. I indicated to show that I'd seen him and that I was slowing down to allow him to pass. “I was looking at them in my wing mirror, I had taken my eyes off of the traffic lights as I was obviously distracted by the approaching emergency vehicle. “This is what happens when you let an ambulance through. I wanted to keep myself back from where it goes into one lane. I took my eyes off the lights as they were on green. “The camera is adjusted that as soon as the red light goes on the camera is activated." But despite the fine, Mr Wallingtonn said he would do it again to let an emergency vehicle through. Mr Wallington is due to appear in court on February 14 but plans to write to the court telling them he won't be able to make that date. He plans to tell them he has been "unjustly treated" and doesn't plan to take the 60-mile journey there and back 2to say what I can say in a letter". Mr Wallington added: “I watch quite a lot of Police Interceptors and I'm always amazed how lenient they are after their crimes. “They get maybe six points on their licence. I just think 'well they could have killed people'. "They’re criminals, I'm not a criminal. It's excessive. "They are just not listening to what I am explaining to them and it's been incredibly frustrating."