While it is common nowadays for buyers to look for homes with a home office and a decently-sized outdoor space, the major appeal of a great-looking, spacious kitchen never goes unnoticed. However, it is not always an option for some to make huge kitchen renovations. Fear not as there are also smaller upgrades you can make that will make a big difference and could even “boost” property value. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Ruth Lavender, design expert at Benchmarx Kitchens, said: “A well-designed, functional kitchen can create real appeal. Buyers are looking for spaces that will not only work for them when they move in, but also suit their lifestyle for years to come, so showcasing a stylish, multi-functional space can be a draw. “Whether you’re looking to spruce up your kitchen ahead of selling your home, or want to know which features could boost the price of your property in the future, these are the top upgrades that should be on your radar.” For those looking for “quick updates” to “hasten” a house sale, then sellers might want to focus on the small tweaks that can help to improve the appearance of your kitchen and “make it more desirable”. For example, the kitchen designer noted that updating dated tiles to a splashback can make the space feel “more modern and on trend”. Grey marble, White Carrara Marble and concrete are great, trend-led options that can add a “luxurious feel” to any space. READ MORE: Kitchen layout mistakes to avoid - ‘clever solutions’ to implement Other kitchen tweaks that can make a “huge difference” include updating worksurfaces, taps and handles. These elements are some of the most used, so it’s natural for them to appear worn if they’ve been in use for a few years. Ruth said: “Replacing these items can be a quick win, so I’d always recommend checking if they need updating before listing your property for sale. It’s small changes like this that can bring a kitchen back to life and add the wow factor when a potential buyer walks through the door.” Lighting can have a dramatic impact on the overall feel and functionality of a kitchen and getting it right can “really set your property apart from others”, according to the expert. She said: “Your lighting scheme must be able to set the mood for cooking, entertaining, working from home and finishing homework, sometimes all at once! Customising it can be a simple yet subtle way of transforming the look and feel of the space, making it more appealing to potential buyers.” DON'T MISSEliminate yellow stains from toilet seats with ‘magic’ household item [TIPS]Ivy is ‘extremely invasive’ - ‘effective’ method to kill ivy ‘quickly’ [EXPERT]‘Essential’ factor for orchids to flower - avoids failed blooming [COMMENT] There is also the choice for households to install under cabinet, plinth and LED strip lights – all of which can be personalised at the touch of a button or with voice activation, and indeed work with your existing kitchen design if needed. Further control can be created with correlated colour temperature, which provides the option to seamlessly transition from warm to cool temperature lighting, making it the ideal accessory to create the perfect ambience. Ruth added: “Carefully designing your lighting scheme in this way can also help to zone your kitchen, establishing different areas depending on functionality. This is particularly important for open plan areas, where you may want to establish a subtle divide between surrounding spaces.” According to the designer, integrated appliances can be a “huge draw” for many buyers and may help to “add extra digits” to your home valuation. READ MORE: Five ‘cheapest’ kitchen appliances to run - ‘vital’ for ‘saving money’ She explained: “They’re the perfect solution to maximise space, as they help keep countertops uncluttered. Smart ovens are a popular choice, and appeal to those who want to prepare food at the click of a button. Discreet dishwashers are also a desired kitchen commodity, as they help to keep the sink and work surfaces clean and tidy with minimal effort.” House buyers will be looking for a space that is going to work for them, and suitable storage can sometimes “make or break” a purchase decision, warned Ruth. She said: “Having storage solutions that have been customised and chosen to specifically fit your kitchen can be a real draw, as potential buyers will be able to picture their own belongings in the space." Popular storage options that often wow potential buyers include conveniently placed wine coolers, integrated carousels, pan drawers and larders. These will help to make the most out of every inch of cupboard space with concealed drawers, pull-out wire shelves and storage baskets too, as they help illustrate the kitchen’s potential. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea When it comes to things to avoid in kitchens, overlooking the impact natural light can have is definitely on the list. The kitchen designer said: “You should avoid overlooking the impact natural light can have on a space. Skylights and bifold doors are perfect for flooding a room with natural light. “Having windows to the outside world will make your kitchen feel like it extends further and will prevent it from feeling enclosed. Potential buyers will naturally be drawn to a property that is drenched in natural light, so be sure to consider this when planning any upgrades.” When it comes to the layout of a kitchen, Ruth claimed that ignoring the kitchen “golden triangle” when planning any updates can disrupt the flow of the kitchen and make the space “hard to use”. This approach reflects the most practical locations to store, cook and clean in an efficient manner. She advised: “The layout of the fridge, cooker and sink should be interlinked by a triangular shape.” To plan out any potential kitchen updates, the expert urged households to first consult with a design expert, she said: “Avoid planning all kitchen upgrades yourself. Instead, seek advice from a design expert who can not only plan a practical space, but create a kitchen that is desirable to buyers. After all, there’s no one better placed to advise on the nation’s kitchen must-haves than someone who has seen it all.”