Ons Jabeur had the Australian Open crowd in hysterics after being left slightly embarassed for a mistaken innuendo about her husband during her on-court interview. The No 2 seed faced a difficult opening match to the Australian Open with Tamara Zidansek forcing a third and deciding set. But Jabeur turned it up a notch in the final set to secure her place in the second round. The match finished after 10pm late at night in Melbourne, giving Jabeur little time to rest up. She was asked about what her recovery will look like immediately after the game and Jabeur explained what role her husband will play. Jabeur said: "Ice bath and I'm gonna make my husband work tonight to have a lot of massage and good recovery." The crowd inside Rod Laver Arena immediately laughed at the kinky insinuation from Jabeur, who quickly added: "Massage guys, massage. For those who don't know, my husband is also my fitness coach and does everything for me so." That clarification only drew more laughs and cheers from the Australian Open crowd while Jabeur couldn't help but laugh herself. It was a light-hearted interview from Jabeur, but the start of the match against Zidansek was anything but that. And the Tunisian tennis star admitted that she even gave herself a pep talk midway through to remind her that she was one of the best players in the world to try and help her find her best form. "It was a very tough match," she added.  "I wasn't playing very well and she was putting a lot of pressure on me. She's a player who doesn't give up and brings every ball in so I was pretty frustrated, but I'm glad that I let it out. "I just told myself to be No 2 in the world and just win this match. I tried to be more patient and keep it clean.” With both Jabeur's match against Zidansek and Andy Murray's thriller against Matteo Berrettini going the distance, it meant Novak Djokovic was forced to wait until nearly 10.30pm in Melbourne before starting his first-round match. The former world No 1 has been nursing a hamstring injury heading into the tournament and faces Roberto Carballes Baena for a place in the second round.