Claims made by Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, against the Royal Family are weakened by a lack of evidence, a royal expert has said. GB News's royal reporter Cameron Walker told the Daily Express's Royal Round Up podcast people have to take what the Sussexes say as "their truth". His comments come after Harry and Meghan made a series of bombshell allegations in their Netflix series. The Duke's memoir will be officially on sale from January 10 as well, raising concerns of more bombshell revelations about the Windsors to come. Mr Walker said: "We have to take what Harry and Meghan perceive as their truth, as what they genuinely believe as the truth. "I think what's weakened Harry and Meghan's arguments is the fact that they throw a lot of accusations out there. There is a lot of anger from Prince Harry, a lot of distress from Meghan. But their arguments are weakened because they're not backing up allegations with specific facts, with specific evidence. "With Oprah, they accused an unnamed member of the Royal Family of questioning what colour their son's skin would be when he was born. Clearly, a very damaging accusation against Buckingham Palace. But they don't give us who it was, what time it happened, who else was in the room. "There's some difficult issues Harry and Meghan clearly feel they have been put through, but we're only getting one side of the story. There's always two sides to every story." The Duchess of Sussex refused to say who made the comment about the colour of her son's skin in the 2021 intervieew with Oprah Winfrey. Harry said he would never reveal who said it. Meghan also said in the same interview she felt so miserable as a royal that she contemplated suicide and self-harm. She denied reports she made Kate, the then Duchess of Cambridge, cry, alleging it was William's wife who made her tear up before her wedding to Harry in 2018. READ ABOUT GARY LINEKER'S EX-WIFE SPENDING CHRISTMAS WITH HIM In the Netflix documentary, Harry claimed his brother screamed and shouted at him during a Sandringham summit to discuss the Sussexes' future. On the relationship between the media and Buckingham Palace, Harry claimed there was leaking and planting of stories. The Duke said: "William and I both saw what happened in our dad's office and we made an agreement we would never let that happen to our office. "I would far rather get destroyed in the press than play along with this game, or this business of trading. To see my brother's office copy the very same thing that we promised the two of us would never ever do, that was heartbreaking." DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'chose to leave in huff' [REPORT] 'Deeply upset' Mandela's granddaughter blasts Meghan and Harry [REVEALED] Prince Harry and Meghan 'hurt' as new Netflix show flops [LATEST] Meanwhile, Harry has said he wants to have his father and brother back and that he wants “a family, not an institution.” He made the remark during a TV interview ahead of the publication of his memoir. The interview with ITV is due to be aired on Sunday. In a trailer released on Monday, Harry says that “they feel as though it is better to keep us somehow as the villains” and "they have shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile”. It was not clear who he was referring to. Harry also criticises Buckingham Palace over an alleged failure to defend him and his wife before they stepped down as senior royals. He makes the allegation in a separate interview with CBS News, which is also set to air on Sunday. The Duke also reveals to the US broadcaster that he would not return to the institution as a full-time royal. In a one-minute extract, Harry says: "Every single time I've tried to do it privately, there have been briefings and leakings and planting of stories against me and my wife. "The family motto is 'never complain, never explain', but it's just a motto. "They (Buckingham Palace) will feed or have a conversation with a correspondent, and that correspondent will literally be spoon-fed information and write the story, and at the bottom of it, they will say they have reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment. "But the whole story is Buckingham Palace commenting. "So when we're being told for the last six years, 'we can't put a statement out to protect you', but you do it for other members of the family, there becomes a point when silence is betrayal."