  Dancing on Ice star Patsy Palmer, 50, has confessed to getting “stoned on skunk” before she was due to pick her children up from school. The Former EastEnders star was battling a serious drug addiction at the time.      The star has opened up about some of her darkest moments before she got her addiction under control in her autobiography titled, All Of Me: Life, Love And Addiction. In the book, she admitted she was once so addicted to drugs that she chain smoked powerful skunk cannabis just before she had to pick up her kids from school. The mother-of-four recalled how she once hit rock bottom when she skipped a day of important meetings to stay home and watch This Morning on TV whilst smoking drugs and eating doughnuts. In September 2004, when Patsy was 32, she finally came to terms with the fact that she was a drug addict. READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss     “My hands were shaking as I looked at the Rizla papers on the side,” she penned. “The night before, I’d put away the puff — my skunk weed, otherwise known as super-strong marijuana — on top of a cupboard, hoping that when I woke up in the morning I’d have forgotten about it.” She went on to explain how she felt “edgy” and “paranoid” and that - in a bid to distract herself - she attempted to vacuum the house. However, things soon took a turn for the worse as moments later she ended up “on the couch, watching This Morning and smoking a big, fat joint”.      “I’d promised myself never to smoke in the house because of the kids,” she continued. “Didn’t want any traces lingering for them. Wanted to be extra careful because my little girl had chest problems. “By midday I was stoned. But it was OK because I could eat something and be fine by 3.30pm, when I needed to leave for the school run. “Three hours later I had finished my third joint and second jam doughnut,” she confessed. “I stood in the middle of the room and thought, ‘Is this what my life has come to?’ “I was feeling physically ill, horrible and dirty. A voice was like, ‘You are a responsible parent, you are a grown woman. Sort this out, now. What are you doing, you idiot?” READ MORE... Alex Jones on 'losing' her husband as he became 'shadow of himself' [NEWS] Lisa Marie Presley's Golden Globes interviewer on 'off' conversation [LATEST] Prince Harry savaged by Chelsea Handler at Critics Choice Awards [UPDATE]     In that moment, Patsy realised she was an addict, and her path to recovery started the next day when she attended a Twelve Steps Fellowship convention. Patsy played the memorable role of Bianca Jackson in EastEnders for 13 years before leaving the soap in 2019. After turning her life around, the star has also gone on to reinvent herself as a wellness guru in California. This year she is taking on a brand new challenge after strapping on her skates for the latest series of Dancing On Ice.     The star has been paired up with professional skating partner Matt Evers on the ITV talent show. Last week saw the first six contestants - Patsy, Michelle Heaton, Siva Kaneswaran, Joey Essex, Nile Wilson and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu - take to the ice. It was Love Island winner Ekin-Su who ended up receiving the least votes, and will therefore be competing in the dreaded bottom two. Next week will see the remaining contestants give it their all, with Hollyoaks' Carley Stenson, footballer John Fashanu, comedian Darren Harriott, Coronation Street's Mollie Gallagher or Drag Race's The Vivienne making their debut on the show.   