Lockwood and Co is coming to Netflix on January 27 and it follows a group of young paranormal investigators. As Lucy Carlyle (played by Ruby Stokes) is trying to run away from her past, Anthony Lockwood (Cameron Chapman) also has plenty of his own secrets. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what time the series arrives. The supernatural series follows Lucy as she escapes her toxic family home to move to London. There, she finds a job at the quirky agency, Lockwood and Co, run by teenager Anthony Lockwood, who has a tragic past. The duo and their researcher George Karim (Ali Hadji-Heshmati) are hired to make areas safe from evil spirits. For fans of the original books by Jonathan Stroud, the small-screen adaptation has been a long time coming. READ MORE: Prince Andrew is 'using 'Harry's attacks' to 'clear his name' The series, which is made up of eight episodes, will air from midnight on January 27 for fans in the US. For those watching in the UK, they will have to wait until 8am on the same day to watch the episodes. All eight episodes, which have been given unique titles, will land at the same time so fans can binge their way through. The episode titles are as follows: Episode one - This Will Be Us Episode two - Let Go of Me Episode three - Doubt Thou The Stars Episode four - Sweet Dreams Episode five - Death is Coming Episode six - You Never Asked Episode seven - Mesmerised Episode eight - Not the Eternal The series welcomes a stellar cast including Morven Christie as agent Penelope Fittes. Paddy Holland plays rival agent Bobby Vernon, and he is known for being the brother of Marvel hero, Tom Holland. The show's creator Joe Cornish said his niche was "young people fighting fantasy creatures". The showrunner added to Entertainment Weekly: "Lockwood and Co is set in a Britain which is plagued by ghosts, an epidemic of hauntings that's been going on for more than 50 years. DON'T MISS...Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital [VIDEO] Lockwood and Co cast features some rising stars of 2023 [EXPLAINER] Cameron Chapman is much older than his character Anthony Lockwood [INSIGHT] "The twist is, ghosts are lethal, they can kill you when they touch you. "The country is thrown into chaos for a few years and then it is discovered that young people can sense ghosts before adults. "As a result, the nature of industry changes completely, the digital revolution never happens, and a network of giant agencies run by adults to employ young people to detect and eliminated ghosts is established." The story follows Lucy who has a special skill as she is able to hear what the spirits are thinking and feeling. Meanwhile, Anthony has the gift of sight and is able to see how people died long after they are gone. Cornish said filming TV was a new experience for him as he is known for his films such as Attack the Block and The Kid Who Would Be King. He admitted the schedule was much tighter but was proud the team did not cut any corners. He said there had been a bidding war for the rights to the story when the first book was published in 2014. It was developed into a feature film, which never came to fruition.  Lockwood and Co airs on Netflix on January 27