Appearing on BBC Breakfast on Tuesday, January 3, 2023, Dave gave an update about his health and what it means for the future of the Hairy Bikers. Enquiring about his health was TV presenter Sally Nugent, 51, who said: "I'm going to ask you, first of all, how you are... because you've been poorly recently." Dave replied: "Yes, I have. I have been having treatment for cancer. It's still ongoing. "I am kind of doing all right and, you know, it's like many people, it is something that one learns to live with." Adding a positive spin to it all, the 65-year-old quipped: "But I'm delighted... my hair... it's thicker hair than before I had the chemo." Looking ahead, the presenter and chef said "this year" he "might get back to filming". He added: "You know the good old BBC has been brilliant with us. They have followed us, 'How you doing?' and stuff... READ MORE: Army officer, 45, left with a 'Frankenweiner' after crushing penile cancer diagnosis "But it will have to fit in with treatment. So more buts... more work hopefully, and more sitting on your sofa." Dave first shared his cancer diagnosis in May 2022 while speaking on the podcast The Hairy Bikers: Agony Uncles. Last year, Dave revealed 2022 would be "quiet" for him, as he was "not going to be filming", considering the year as "a bit of a write-off". This year, however, Dave and Si King – his companion on the Hairy Bikers – have returned to the screens for a brand new TV series. "It’s an interesting series, it was an idea that came together,” Dave told Sally Nugent. The new BBC Two programme, called The Hairy Bikers Go Local, has been described as "a bit like speed dating but with food". "A lot of chefs don’t really know what’s on their own doorstep," Dave insisted. In the eight-part series, the pair travel around the UK on a mission to pair chefs with local suppliers. READ MORE: Try eight at-home knee exercises to tackle arthritis this winter - charity recommends Chemotherapy treatment The NHS explains: "Chemotherapy is a cancer treatment where medicine is used to kill cancer cells. "There are many different types of chemotherapy medicine, but they all work in a similar way. "They stop cancer cells reproducing, which prevents them from growing and spreading in the body." Chemotherapy is typically utilised to target cancer cells that are at risk of spreading elsewhere, or if they have already metastasised (i.e. spread). Chemotherapy can be given intravenously, which means the medicine is given through a vein in the hand, arm, or chest. Alternatively, oral chemotherapy is a course of tablets that can be taken at home. There can be side effects of chemotherapy, which can be unpleasant, such as: Episode two of The Hairy Bikers Go Local is on Wednesday, January 4 on BBC Two at 8pm.