The comments come after the Prime Minister refused to sack disgraced Nadhim Zahawi and instead launched an ethics inquiry. Labour leader Keir Starmer said Sunak was “hopelessly weak” for not firing the former Chancellor for “seeking to avoid tax”. Sir Keir added: “Is he starting to wonder if this job is just too big for him?” Political scientist Sir John Curtice featured on ITV’s political flagship programme ‘Peston’ to discuss the future of the struggling Conservative government. Sir John warned that without a “changing the person in charge of the ship”, the government is unlikely to survive. He told Peston: “While we said earlier that no government has ever survived a fiscal/financial crisis, no government has also ever changed its Prime Minister in the wake of such a crisis. READ MORE: Why ‘BBC politics’ stopped Sir David exploring British wildlife “So therefore, perhaps changing the person in charge of the ship would make a difference.” He added: “So far, there isn’t any evidence of that happening.” Labour MP Chris Bryant replied to Sir John’s comments adding: “Sunak looks weak weak weak. “Some people seem to grow when they achieve the highest office, others seem diminished. “Sunak is in the latter category.”  Do you think Rishi Sunak can lead the Tory Party to victory in the next election? Share your thoughts in the comments section HERE Meanwhile, Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer, Rachel Reeves noted: “It’s clear the Prime Minister is too weak to deal with his own Ministers when he badly needs to. “He can’t sort out our NHS. He can’t manage our economy. He is unable to govern.” In a poll at the beginning of the month, almost 50 percent of people stated that they believe the Prime Minister will not survive the year. A exclusive poll commissioned by Express.co.uk and conducted by Techne UK asked: “How confident are you that Rishi Sunak will still be prime minister by the end of 2023?” The results shows that 48 percent of people said no, from these answers, 13 percent said “surely no” and 35 percent said “probably no”. DON'T MISS:POLL: Should Nadhim Zahawi resign over tax row? (VOTE)Zahawi's family lived mansion in breach of planning condition (INSIGHT)Maggots found feeding on body of 'morbidly obese' 23 stone teenager (REVEAL) Meanwhile 19 percent said they did not know, and 33 percent answered yes, that the PM would survive. Meanwhile, a YouGov poll found last week that three in five Brits have an unfavourable view of the Prime Minister. As Sunak nears the milestone of his first 100 days in office, his favourability is at -29 points. His popularity which has been measured in his favourability rating has decreased by 20 points since he became PM.