Bethany is a full-time blogger who has dedicated her online platform to creating recipes to help tackle digestive issues like the ones she has battled her whole life. Suffering from serious IBS, with symptoms like vomiting, gas, bloating, and bowel issues, Bethany turned to a holistic doctor to help. Now the blogger and cookbook author shares her tips, tricks, and recipes with others. She shared her hack to make avocados last two months. Bethany told her 162K followers on TikTok account @lilsipper_official: "Did you know you can freeze your avocados? "Got too many ripe avocados at once? Just freeze them, and then when you're ready to use, run them under hot water, let them sit on the counter for 15 minutes and they're ready to enjoy." The author of Digest This and the host of the podcast of the same name was praised by commenters for the hack. One, named Mo, wrote: "Why doesn’t anyone but TikTok tell us life’s most valuable tips? When I tell you the money I’ve lost on rotten avocados." READ MORE: You're storing milk and cheese all wrong - easy storage tips to make your food last longer  Leah Beer said: "Omg I’ve wasted so much money, this is amazing." TikTok users Stephanie said: "Thank you for the tip! I had no idea!" One user named Echo Flower said: "No way! Wow! Thank you. I’ve thrown away so many avocados that needlessly were sacrificed." Others suggested another method to keep avocados fresh, storing them in water. Amelia Alexandra said: "I keep mine in water in the fridge. Way better texture than frozen." Keykey wrote: "Or just put them in a sealed mason jar in water in the fridge."  DON'T MISS'Save your loaf of bread from going to waste' with food storage hack [HOW TO] I tried a TikTok food storage hack to keep crisps fresh [REVIEW] How to keep onions fresh for longer - chef's 30-minute tip [HACK] Some tried freezing their own avocados, though and weren't impressed by the results. Sarah Connor said: "I did this and they became mushy." Andrew Majeste said: "It messes up the texture…" There are a number of ways to freeze avocados and therefore prolong their life. Avocados can be frozen whole, simply place them in a plastic bag and store them in the freezer. Halves of avocados can be frozen too. Use lemon juice or lime juice on the green flesh to prevent it from browning, then seal it in a bag and place it in the freezer. Sliced and mashed avocado can also be frozen. Blended avocados can even be stored in ice cube trays to create easy portions. To thaw the avocados, leave them on the counter at room temperature.  Another avocado storage hack claims to keep them fresh for up to five days without freezing. Nutritionist Kayla Chandler who shares videos on YouTube has discovered a "life-changing" hack. Kayla's secret weapon comes in the form of a red onion, which she stores alongside her avocado to keep it fresh for days. She explained: "This tip is great if you only plan on using half of the avocado. "What you want to do is take the half that still has the seed in it, put it in a glass container with some chopped purple onion. The purple onion contains sulphuric acid which helps to slow down the oxidisation or the browning process of the avocado." 