Vladimir Putin has been spotted wearing high heels on a trip to meet students in Moscow, but "Kremlin insiders" believe this could be a "body double." Telegram channel General SVR - which claims to be fed information by a Kremlin insider – claims that there are "obvious differences" in these photos of Putin compared with others. The anonymous account also claimed that Ptin's change of mood could also indicate the use of a lookalike posing as the Russian President. General SVR said: "During a public meeting with students…many noticed some oddities and physiological features of the ‘president’. "A person similar to Putin, unlike the original, was absolutely not afraid to be near a large number of little-known and completely unfamiliar people, which is not at all typical for the president in the past few years. "Obvious differences were observed on the face of pseudo-Putin and in the manner his behaviour. "The left cheekbone of the understudy was swollen and moved unnaturally with the ‘president’s' facial expressions. "An unnaturally hanging upper lip is the result of an unsuccessful ‘fitting’ of the understudy." The account also claimed the alleged body double had used too much botox. The channel added: "The stunt double's laughing style is different from Putin’s while some movements appear constrained. READ MORE: Putin wears Cuban heels to improve masculine image "This public appearance of the president's double was not the most successful, but nothing can be done because Putin is not able to take part in such events." Accusations like this have been levelled against Putin on numerous occasions, including at a summit in Iran. Last October, Ukraine's head of military made similar claims, suggesting that Putin's body doubles had plastic surgery to look more like the Russian President. Major General Kyrylo Budanov told the Mail on Sunday : "We know specifically about three people that keep appearing, but how many there are, we don't know. "The one thing that gives them away is their height. It's visible in videos and pictures. Also gesturing, body language and earlobes, since they are unique for every person." DON'T MISSDedicated Ukraine hotline encourages Russian troops to surrender [INSIGHT]Russian hits Ukraine with missiles one day after West's tank pledge [ANALYSIS]Ukraine's Dalakian swaps seats to avoid snap with Russian Beterbiev [INSIGHT] Back in 2020, Putin dismissed the claims that he uses a body double to attend events, but did admit he was offered the chance to have one. The suggestion of a body double has been linked to Putin's alleged health problems. With many suspecting that Putin has cancer or Parkinson's, people have suggested that the Russian President could be using body doubles to allow the real Putin to rest. The independent media outlet, Proekt, reported in April that Putin regularly travels with an oncologist. They also claimed bathed in deer antlers in an attempt to improve his health. But Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov denied the health rumours in May, saying that "Putin appears in public everyday" and adding "I don’t think sane people can discern any sort of symptom of disease in this man.”