Floyd Mayweather’s representatives reportedly approached crossover boxing sensation Salt Papi for TBE’s first fight across the pond. However, the TikTok star turned down the offer as it was ‘too low’. Mayweather is set to box former Geordie Shore cast member Aaron Chalmers on February 25 at the O2 Arena, London. The American legend had been booked in to face Liam Harrison, but the Muay Thai fighter was forced to pull out on the day it was announced due to an ongoing shoulder injury. According to reports from Fred Beck of Fred Talks Fighting, Salt Papi was being considered as a potential opponent for Mayweather at one time but required more funds to make it official. “Salt Papi was offered the Floyd Mayweather fight, but the offer given to Salt Papi was too low,” Beck tweeted. The influencer boxing reporter also claims that King Kenny was in the running to fight Mayweather as well, yet Chalmers was chosen instead. Papi aka Busta Breezie is quickly establishing himself as one of the best fighters in the crossover boxing scene and recently received gleaming praise from Chris Eubank Jr - who was on the broadcast team for his second fight against Andy Warski. “When I was watching him licking his lips in front of his opponent before the fight, I was like, ‘This kid’s got something,'" said Eubank Jr. "It became very clear early on with the foot movement, the in-and-out, that he’s been practicing his footwork. And then he hit him with the two-piece combo and the guy went to sleep, incredible. If you look at him, he looks like he works a nine-to-five at a cheese factory. So, to see him come out there, moonwalk, dance, lick his lips and then knock a guy out, that’s box office right there.” Papi has racked up a 3-0 record in boxing with victories over fellow content creators Halal Ham, Warski and Josh Brueckner. The Filipino puncher has been so dominant in his stint in the sport so far that many fans have speculated exactly how extensive his boxing pedigree is. Papi claims that he had never laced up a pair of gloves before his debut in March of last year. However, some supporters are sure he had upwards of 60 amateur fights in the Philippines before he moved to the UK 14 years ago. One fan (@bigsteppa075) tweeted: “Salt papi grew up boxing and has an amateur career, these guys are all lightwork for him bank robbery for him.” Another (@accountsneakers) added: “Just like how Salt Papi been fighting his whole life since he was 10 he had 60 amateur boxing fights. Obviously he gonna run thru entire misfits. Dude has crazy experience.” An equally insistent supporter (@DSwv_) posted: “Yeah and salt papi has been boxing. He was an amateur and I’m sure he went to nationals, his brother is a pro and he trains with some elite uk fighters, papi has BEEN DOING THIS, you can’t replicate real BOXING experience.” Papi responded to the rumours by uploading a photo of a rather portly young Breezie back when he moved to the UK in his teenage years. “This is me when I came to Uk when I was 14-15 years old there’s no way I have 30 amateur fights back in the Philippines #saltpapi #boxing,” he tweeted.