Real Madrid have some work to do in order to close the gap on Barcelona at the top of La Liga. But Carlo Ancelotti's main business in the transfer market may be getting future deals in place. Real sit second in the table following Sunday's goalless draw at home to third-placed Real Sociedad. Barca are five points clear as they aim to win the title for the first time since the 2018/19 campaign. Ancelotti has not made any major signings this month. But there are plenty of rumours circulating around the Bernabeu club. The transfer window across Europe shuts on Tuesday evening. Express Sport looks at the dream scenario for Real for the next couple of days.  Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Some may say ambitious, some may say stupid. But recent reports have suggested Bukayo Saka could be a target for Real. There is little to no chance that Arsenal would sell their star player this week. However, with just over 12 months remaining on his contract, Saka is seemingly keeping his options open. He has had a stunning season for the Gunners, with seven goals and seven assists so far in the Premier League. You wouldn't argue with any of Europe's top clubs keeping an eye on his situation at the Emirates. Arsenal are confident of tying Saka down to a long-term contract but nerves may soon set in for supporters if an announcement doesn't arrive shortly. Roy Keane recently talked up the potential of Saka playing for Real. The Manchester United legend said: "I like everything about him. I think he can go and play for any of the big clubs in Europe and play for them and I’m including Real Madrid in that. I think he’s that good." DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart  Real don't need Keane's opinion to alert them to Saka's talent. However, the player's representatives will be mindful of interest from elsewhere as the contract saga rumbles on. Real are among the top contenders to sign Jude Bellingham this summer. The England star is widely expected to leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. A return to the UK could be on the agenda, with Liverpool said to be leading the way for his signature. But Real may be hoping to get some legwork done in the next couple of days in an attempt to secure the teenager themselves. A move to the Spanish giants would be tempting for any player. And despite being just 19, few would begrudge Bellingham for choosing the Bernabeu over Anfield. Real could make Bellingham an offer he can't refuse. Not many clubs can compete with Los Blancos both on or off the pitch. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 