YouTube star turned boxer Jake Paul has apologised for leaking the news that bitter rival Tommy Fury and his partner Molly-Mae Hague had become parents. The social media stars are set to finally meet in Saudi Arabia next month when Fury will put his reputation on the line against Youtuber Paul - who is unbeaten in the boxing ring.  The pair have had two previous fight dates cancelled due to Fury pulling out on both occasions. They were initially scheduled to fight in December 2021 but the British boxer suffered a bacterial chest infection and a broken rib. The rivals then re-scheduled for a fight in America last year but this time Fury was denied a visa to enter the country resulting in another postponement. However, tensions between the pair have continued and they announced last week a third fight date in Diriyah, Saudi Arabia on February 26. Announcing the fight Paul then disclosed that rival Fury's partner Hague had given birth tweeting: "Tommy has no excuses now - Baby’s born. Money’s massive. Immigration no issue." Last week Love Island star Hague revealed she had just days to go, but ever since both expectant parents have been quiet. READ MORE: Tommy Fury told he 'won't win a round' against Jake Paul in brutal fight breakdown   Paul has now apologised to his rival for announcing the birth of Fury's child. He told SportBible: "Did I do that? I leaked it? Oh s***. My bad. I’m sorry Tommy, but don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone the gender or anything like that.” Molly-Mae also broke her social media silence with two snaps on her Instagram account showing a branded robe showcasing her baby bump. Fury was quick to post "Love You" underneath. Fury and Paul also went face to face in a heated exchange in London on Saturday to promote their fight at the Artur Beterbiev vs Anthony Yarde fight night. However, the pair had to be separated by security as the publicity stunt spiralled into chaos. DON'T MISS:  At the event Fury refused to answer questions about the birth of his child, instead blasting his rival. He said: "Jake Paul’s boxing career ends on February 26, and I can finally move on with mine. Every time I go out right now, everybody asks me about the Jake Paul fight. “After this fight is done, everybody will be asking me how it felt to knock Jake Paul out. The world is about to see what happens when a proper boxer faces a YouTuber.”  