Plants are brought into the home to add a pop of colour, but they can also provide other benefits such as purifying the air and boosting your mood. Now, experts at luxury floral gifting service Haute Florist want to raise awareness of the many ways horticulture can lift spirits. Maryam Ghani of Haute Florist said: “It’s well documented how caring for plants and flowers can have a therapeutic effect. “Giving or receiving a bouquet can also boost someone’s mood, and a bouquet of colourful fresh flowers can provide an instant splash of colour to an otherwise dull room. “While your favourite flower is very much down to personal preference, some varieties have properties which make them even better at boosting mood.” The lavender plant is known for its calming qualities and is often used for soothing stress. It can be found as a plant or in essential oils, often used in diffusers. Maryam said: “Lavender has long been celebrated for its abilities to promote relaxation. From its gentle fragrance to its calming purple flowers, it’s a perfect plant to help you find peace and tranquillity. READ MORE: Plumber’s £1 method to remove toilet limescale - will look ‘like new’ “Lavender can be enjoyed on its own in a pot, or sprigs of the plant can be combined with eucalyptus, lisianthus, eryngium and solidago flowers to create a beautiful bouquet. “If cut, lavender can be dried once it has past its best and used in a dried flower arrangement.” There are a variety of lilies on the market, coming in all different shapes and sizes but they usually have a powerful fragrance. The expert noted: “Lily plants can be a lovely addition to a home because they come in vibrant colours which can brighten up any space. Calla lilies are also a great addition to a bouquet. DON'T MISS:Methods to stay warm in winter with strategic furniture placement [COMMENT]Boiler expert shares 'ideal’ temperature to heat homes to in winter [INSIGHT]DIY expert shares how to paint radiators for a ‘seamless’ finish [EXPLAINER] “But it’s the peace lily which is really supposed to give the most benefits. Research by NASA found they had the potential to improve air quality by removing pollutants.” Peace lilies are great for inexperienced plant owners, as they do not require much water and are also happy in low light conditions. Hammonds Furniture recently analysed Google search data to find the most popular houseplant, and the peace lily came out on top. The pros shared top tips for looking after this plant which needs a “particular set up” to thrive. The pros said: “When it comes to humility, the peace lily needs a particular set up. They should be kept away from cold draughts, and will do best in a humid room. READ MORE: Six ‘common’ gardening mistakes to avoid making “However, you can place your peace lily on display elsewhere in your home and mist the plant every few days. This will mimic their environment.” Roses are a classic bloom often given as gifts and according to the expert, demonstrate to the recipient feelings of love and affection. She explained: “Studies have shown when we give gifts we feel happy - even more so than when we receive them. “Even though the festive period is over there’s nothing stopping us giving a gift to a loved one to show how much we care. “In fact, I think while it’s cold, wet and windy outside it’s even more important to show people that we’re thinking of them. As well as making the recipient feel happy, it can give us a boost, too.” Chrysanthemums come in many different varieties and are a cheery addition to any home, representing joy in many countries. While white varieties are often linked to mourning, brighter flowers mean joy and friendship, a perfect flower for the dark winter days. The expert added: “They are really versatile and while they are often seen as a ‘filler flower’, they are beautiful in their own right.”