Joe Rogan has floated the unfounded theory that Democrats were behind, or were at least allowing, Joe Biden's classified documents scandal in an attempt to keep him from running in 2024. The podcast host, who admitted he doesn't "know jack s*** about politics", believes there is something fishy about the situation. "If I had to guess - they’re trying to get rid of him," Rogan said of the Democrats. "My guess would be they’re trying to get rid of him." He didn't provide evidence to back his claims but told guests Matt McCusker and Shane Gillis that it feels strange that Biden's own aides discovered the documents in his Delaware home. He added: "If all of a sudden, his own aides are sending - instead of like taking these classified documents, which you have located and going 'well, let’s not do that again' and f***ing lock them up somewhere, his own aides -" "Self reporting," Gillis finished Rogan's sentence. Rogan responded: "Dude, come on. That sounds sus."  Rogan added that he believed the documents were found before the midterms but that they waited to make the information public. His guest, Matt McCusker, claimed that if the same thing had happened to former President Donald Trump, the media would have "gone right along with it". Biden is facing intense criticism over his handling of classified documents after three bundles were found over the last two months. Papers were recovered at the Penn Biden Center think tank in Washington DC two months ago, locked in the President's garage and in the adjacent room at his Delaware home. Biden, 80, is now facing an official probe after Attorney General Merrick Garland said it was "in the public interest" and appointed prosecutor Robert Hur as special counsel. Both of the retrieved bundles date back to Biden's time serving as Vice-President to Barack Obama, from 2009 to 2017. The President was previously critical of Donald Trump after more than 325 classified files were discovered in 2021 at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida.  READ MORE: White House report no visitor logs for Joe Biden’s home  Biden labelled Trump "totally irresponsible" afterwards. The two situations are not exactly the same: Donald Trump refused to return documents to the National Archives which ultimately led to his home being raided by the FBI. It doesn't appear that any agency ever requested Biden's classified documents. However, this distinction has not stopped Republican lawmakers from slamming the President over his handling of the sensitive information. "OK, I give up. Why why why are Biden’s 'personal attorneys', who have no security clearance, searching for additional classified documents instead of the FBI!!?" Republican Congressman Mark Greene of Tennessee said in a tweet. Other GOP members slammed the President when the documents were released and called for a Congressional investigation.  DON'T MISS:CNN panel shames Biden as file scandal to 'hang over' him for a while [INSIGHT]Joe Biden classified docs timeline, implications and Trump differences [ANALYSIS]Adam Schiff demands national security check on Biden's classified docs [REPORT] Representative Dan Crenshaw of Texas tweeted: "This is hypocrisy at the highest level and it’s dangerous. The appointment of a special counsel must be supplemented by a full-scale congressional investigation." During a press conference last week, Biden was asked how classified documents could be left "next to your corvette". He responded: "By the way, my corvette is in a locked garage, OK? So it's not like it's sitting out in the street." The President then confirmed again, when prompted, that the documents were in a locked garage "as well as my corvette". He added: "But as I said earlier this week, people know that I take classified documents and classified material seriously." 