Bryson was found guilty of both rapes at the High Court in Glasgow on Monday and will now be sent to Cornton Vale, an all-female prison. The move has been criticised by activists who have questioned the decision. Susan Smith, of the group For Women Scotland, told the Daily Mail that the move was "disgusting". She said "the risk assessment should be perfectly clear" and that Bryson "should be nowhere near the sort of vulnerable women who are in prison". Ms Smith added: "Some of our MSPs must have led incredibly sheltered lives if they think that predatory and abusive men would not try everything they could to further hurt victims and to seek easier access to potential future victims." The sentencing comes after the UK government blocked the Scottish Parliament's Gender Recognition Reform Bill over new laws Westminster considered controversial. READ MORE: Former MP allegedly ‘faked £30k expenses to fund his drug habit'   The new law allows those aged 16 and over to self-identify as the opposite gender without needing a diagnosis of gender dysphoria. The laws would allow people to apply for a gender certificate after living in their new gender for just three months. Campaigners say it could undermine protections in the Equality Act and fear it creates a loophole for male sexual predators to gain access to female-only spaces by falsely claiming to be transgender. The case of Isla Bryson has only heightened and inflamed these opinions as concerns grow over the impact of sending her to an all-female prison. Conservative MP Miriam Gates told the Mail: "It is almost impossible to believe that in a civilised society a man convicted of raping two women can be remanded in a women's prison." On the case in question, Scottish Conservative shadow community safety minister Russell Findlay said of the case: "This rapist decided that he was no longer a man only after appearing in court on a rape charge. "We now have the utterly perverse situation where a Scottish court refers to someone who says he identifies as female using "her penis" to rape two vulnerable women. We warned of the inevitability of this happening if the SNP's gender self-ID law passed, but for it to have become reality is deeply worrying and an affront to the victims." The trial took place in Glasgow High Court, where Bryson claimed to have experienced gender dysphoria since being a young child and presented as a woman throughout. The court heard how the victims were treated when the rapes were committed in 2016 and 2019. One of the victims, Bryson's second, said: "I told him to stop and he did not. He kept going. That is when I closed my eyes and let him do what he wanted to do." The woman added she felt "crushed". Bryson denied the charges, but was convicted of raping two women.   With regard to steps the court is taking to protect the women of Cornton Vale Prison where Bryson is being held, the decision has been taken to hold Bryson in segregation. This occurs when one prisoner is kept away from the rest of the prison population either for their own safety or those of other inmates. After a review, a decision will be taken on whether to release Bryson into the general population. Bryson is set to be sentenced on February 28.