Pep Guardiola has ripped into Manchester City fans for their support, or lack of, in a difficult first half against Tottenham Hotspur. Man City scored four times after the break to seal a crucial 4-2 win at the Etihad Stadium after trailing 2-0 at half-time. Spurs stunned the hosts with a late first-half flurry after a lively first 45 minutes, ramping up the pressure after a disappointing Manchester derby defeat last weekend. Dejan Kulusevski fired Antonio Conte's side ahead in the 44th minute before Emerson Royal took advantage of a City defence in disarray, making it two just moments later. Guardiola will have wanted the home fans to motivate his players after the half-time whistle while staring at a mountain to climb. Instead, fierce boos rained down from the 53,000-strong crowd in attendance. After full-time, Guardiola made his discontent with the City fans known to reporters. He said: "[We were lacking in] guts, passion, fire, desire to win from minute one. The same with the fans. They were silent for 45 minutes. I want my fans back." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE City were electric in the second half, taking the lead with a 12-minute treble courtesy of Julian Alvarez, Erling Haaland and Riyad Mahrez. The latter topped off a man-of-the-match performance by adding a fourth late on as the reigning champions reminded Arsenal exactly what they were up against in the Premier League title race. However, the Catalan coach also saved criticism for his players, claiming he 'didn't recognise' his stars, citing a lack of 'passion and desire', and admitting they got lucky. "I don't recognise my team. They [previously] had the passion and desire to run," Guardiola lamented. DON'T MISS: Chelsea given concerning response as 'Moises Caicedo bid' turned down "We are far away from the team we had in previous seasons. Do you think this comeback will happen every time? It won't. "Today, we were lucky. If we want to win something or compete - but complaining, complaining, complaining - no chance we will win anything." City will move two points behind Arsenal at the league summit if they defeat Wolverhampton Wanderers at the Etihad on Sunday, albeit having played two more games. And despite his fury post-match, tonight's thrilling triumph could prove crucial, if not decisive, come May. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here