Over time, glass oven doors can get covered in baked-on grease and grime which can be hard to remove. After trying for weeks to remove residue using an all-purpose disinfectant, I decided to turn to an easy hack circulating on social media which involves using a dishwasher tablet to scrub the glass. Day-to-day I use my Sage Smart Oven because it is smaller in size than my regular oven, meaning it heats up quicker, using less energy. It also has multiple different settings, meaning I use it at least once, if not twice every single day, and the glass had become very dirty. The grime was baked onto the glass and normal oven cleaners and disinfectants were not budging it. To test out the dishwasher tablet hack, I began by boiling the kettle and getting a glass bowl ready. I also got one of my dishwasher tablets out and when the kettle had boiled, poured a little into a bowl. Taking the dishwasher tablet, I dipped it into the water and began scrubbing the grime. READ MORE: Warning over dusting method which could be a fire hazard It wasn’t long before the baked-on grime began to dissolve and disappear and I was stunned at how incredible the dishwasher tablet was working. I found it much easier to hold the dishwasher tablet upright and scrub downwards with it, rather than laying it flat on the surface and scrubbing it that way. The tablet did begin to dissolve in my hand so I reached for another one and only dipped the tip into the water. By the end of it, the glass looked as good as new and I finished by spraying some disinfectant onto the glass to remove the smears. The glass took me less than one minute to clean but my oven glass is a lot smaller than an average oven door due to it being a small oven. Nonetheless, the hack worked incredibly well after weeks of trying to find something which would budge the dirt. DON'T MISS:Free method to ‘instantly’ kill unsightly driveway and patio weeds [COMMENT]‘Avoid’ tap water with ‘sensitive’ peace lilies - what to use instead [INSIGHT]‘Game-changing’ five minute method to clean dirty toilet brush [EXPLAINER] I also quickly found that the best way to clean with the tablet is to try and lay the surface flat so you can apply a good amount of pressure onto the glass. To avoid wasting the water in the bowl, I poured it over my oven rack and scrubbed away the stains, it worked perfectly and saved me so much time. If attempting this hack, it is important to use the hard dishwasher tablets, not the liquid ones as it is the abrasive nature of the tablet which works wonders. The hard powder tablets have an abrasive surface which helps to remove any stain and they are also gentle enough not to scratch the glass. READ MORE: Improve radiator ‘efficiency’ and prevent ‘blockages’ with one job I used the Tesco All-In-One Dishwasher Tablets in the lemon scent which cost me £3.65 for 40. I also use these tablets when running my dishwasher, with each tablet working out just 9p. Mrs Hinch fans have also recommended this hack numerous times on dedicated cleaning pages. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Michelle Saunders wrote: “Oven doors! This is mine. Any tips? I’ve only had the oven for a year and it was quite expensive so I don’t want to risk damaging the glass on the door. “I’ve looked at Oven Pride but they all say not to use it on the door. It has self cleaning for the insides and I have a liner for the floor so it’s only the glass which needs attention.” Natasha Kerkslake replied: “Washing up tablet you use for the dishwasher and hot water. Boil the kettle and use the combination to clean the glass. It works amazing.” Lisa Roberts replied: “I love using the dishwasher tablet cleaning hack, so cheap, so easy and game-changing at the same time.” Dishwasher tablets can also be used to remove coffee and tea stains from mugs. Tannins, or tannic acid, are what give the tea and coffee their colour, and it is often used in hair dyes as well as fake tans. It is harmless for the body but can leave mugs looking dirty, even after putting them through the dishwasher. To clean them, fill the mug with hot water and drop a dishwasher tablet inside before leaving it to work for 10 minutes. The mug may need some scrubbing but the dishwasher tablet should have dissolved and removed the brown marks inside the cup.