Liverpool face missing out on Jude Bellingham this summer for two reasons, it has been claimed. The Reds may not be able to compete with their rivals financially and a lack of Champions League football could also be a major obstacle. Bellingham is set to be the top target for Liverpool at the end of the season. But the likes of Real Madrid and Manchester City may have other ideas. The 19-year-old is likely to cost well in excess of £100million, which would smash Liverpool's transfer record. However, the uncertainty over the ownership at Anfield raises questions over how much will be committed on new signings. Liverpool also sit down in ninth place in the Premier League, seven points off the top four. They do have a couple of games in hand on some teams but face a fight to qualify for the Champions League. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Sport Bild reporter Valentina Maceri says both issues could mean Liverpool miss out on Bellingham. She told Sky Sports News: "Well I think Liverpool would love to play for Liverpool but there's the money issue because Bellingham won't be cheap. "We're talking about a fee of around £123m-£132m [€140m-150m] I think and there's still Real Madrid and Manchester City in the race, which have a lot more money than Liverpool. And, still Liverpool right now at the moment will not qualify for the Champions League, and this is a big point that has to be considered as well. "So I think Bellingham would love to play for Liverpool, that is my gut, but we still have to wait for whether Liverpool will have the money and if Liverpool will qualify for the Champions League." Meanwhile, Maceri says Bellingham is yet to reject Borussia Dortmund's offer of a new contract. Talks are set to be held in March, though she isn't confident an extension will be signed. DON'T MISSSwansea ball boy kicked by Hazard is now a multimillionaire with £40m fortuneNewcastle 'put Saint-Maximin up for sale' as swap proposal comes to lightLiverpool have £65m target who can be next Lallana to transform midfield  Maceri added: "Our information is that the conversation between Bellingham's management, his father and Borussia Dortmund are scheduled for March. Borussia Dortmund are doing everything they can to make him stay at Dortmund and make him an historical offer to be their highest-paid player of all time at Borussia Dortmund. "If he will extend his contract, [he will get] a salary of around £13.2million [€15m] per season. Right now Marco Reus is the most-paid player at Dortmund with around £10.5m [€12m] per season. "Jude Bellingham, if he were to extend his contract, he could be the highest paid at Dortmund. But right now I am still not so confident that Bellingham will extend his contract at Borussia Dortmund."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here