Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI, who resigned from the papacy in 2013 to be succeeded by Pope Francis, died on New Year’s Eve at 95. Aside from his devotion to Catholicism, the late religious leader was a lover of classical music and an accomplished pianist. His favourite composer was Mozart who he said “deeply penetrated my soul” as “his music is by no means just entertainment; it contains the whole tragedy of human existence”. The late Pope even recorded an album of contemporary classical music in which he sang and recited prayers to the Virgin Mary, called Alma Mater. During his papacy, which began in 2005 following the death of Pope John Paul II, he was performed to by Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli, who shared his faith. Bocelli has paid a touching tribute to Pope Benedict XVI by sharing a clip of himself singing before the then-head of the Roman Catholic Church. The event took place on September 1, 2007 at the eco-meeting in Loreto, Italy. There, the pope addressed a crowd of 400,000 young pilgrims on Save Creation Day. Bocelli accompanied the post with a message of thanks for the late religious leader’s life. READ MORE: Andrea Bocelli stars in musical Christmas movie you can watch now Bocelli wrote: “I am moved by the passing of Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI, who left his earthly suffering behind to return, pure of spirit, to Our Father’s home. I am sure that the joy and tenderness shall prevail, since a great man after devoting his life to Good, met the Heavenly Creator, whom he had celebrated and served well during his journey on Earth. Trying to silence the human sadness at this apparent departure, the sadness for that sense of separation that death always leaves in those who remain, I pray for that his journey may be one of infinite peace. I think with great gratitude of the light that this great Pope who loved music so much has given us during his passage, leaving us with precious pages of clear faith. The powerful reflections of his encyclicals, his teachings on charity, on hope, on love, are more alive than ever.”