Police have made an arrest in the Elle Edwards murder investigation. Detectives investigating the 26-year-old's murder in Wallasey on Christmas Eve have arrested a man in Wirral today, Thursday, January 26. A warrant was carried out in the Barnston area and a 20-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and assisting an offender.  He has been taken to a police station for questioning, reports the ECHO. This is the sixth arrest police have made in connection with Elle's murder. Following their arrests a 30-year-old man from Tranmere was recalled to prison on licence, a 19-year-old woman from Rock Ferry and a 31-year-old man were bailed. 22-year-old Connor Chapman was arrested along with a 23-year-old woman. Chapman was later charged on suspicion of Elle's murder while the 23-year-old woman was released on bail. Elle Edwards was enjoying a night out with friends and her sister on Christmas Eve, when she was shot in the head in the Lighthouse pub, in Wallasey Village.  Police have confirmed the 26-year-old beautician was not believed to have been the intended target of the shooting, during which four men were also injured. Those injured included a 28-year-old man from Beechwood, Wirral, A 22-year-old man who suffered an injury to his legs, a 24-year-old man sustained an injury to his hand and a 33-year-old man suffered an injury to his wrist. Family and close friends of the beautician attended St Nicholas Church in Wallasey on Wednesday, January 25 to celebrate the 26-year-old's life. Hundreds of mourners gathered on the road surrounding the church, even well-wishers who do not know the family, but had been touched by the tragedy.   Anyone with information in connection with the murder of Elle can pass information via our Public Portal Public Portal (mipp.police.uk) where information, CCTV and dashcam and mobile phone footage can be uploaded directly to the investigation team. Information can also be passed via 101, DM @MerPolCC or by contacting @CrimestoppersUK on 0800 555 111, with reference 22000948723. 