Washing machines are brilliant at cleaning our clothes but they require a regular deep clean in order to keep our items free of bacteria, stains and other nasties. Washing machines need cleaning, on average, once every one to three months. However, they may need cleaning more frequently if your appliance is used more often or if you regularly clean heavily soiled items. Cleaning washing machines regularly will help prevent a buildup of limescale, mould, bacteria and unpleasant smells. While our washing machines may appear clean, it’s likely that clothes will come out of the machine unclean if they’re being washed in a dirty machine as the detergent will not be able to work effectively. With this in mind, Kathleen Bell, smol’s sustainable cleaning expert has shared exclusively with Express.co.uk how to thoroughly clean your washing machine without using harsh chemicals or expensive products. Kathleen’s first tip was to find your washing machine’s manual to see if the manufacturers have any instructions that you should be aware of. READ MORE: Four ‘top kitchen updates’ to ‘hasten’ house sales - and what to avoid She also explained that washing machines can provide a warm environment for bacteria to thrive. “A damp and often warm environment that can be left sitting idle for hours, your washing machine is a perfect breeding ground for bacteria,” she explained. “A buildup of bacteria is usually indicated by a musty smell that can affect even the cleanest of machines. “However, rather than reaching for harsh chemicals such as bleach that could even damage your machine, there is a simple fix that may already be in your cupboard: white vinegar. DON'T MISSFive orchid mistakes you should avoid making [INSIGHT]4 safe and effective methods to stop foxes visiting your garden [UPDATE]Four houseplants which ‘reduce dust’ from your home [ANALYSIS] “White vinegar is an environmentally-friendly (and much cheaper) way to keep your machine clean, kill bacteria and prevent limescale.” Kathleen’s method using white vinegar is quick and simple and will ensure your washing machine “works more effectively and lasts longer”. Homeowners need to pour two cups of vinegar straight into the machine drum and run the empty machine on a hot wash - around 90C. While this may not feel very eco-friendly, it will help the machine in the long-run. READ MORE: Remove 'caked-on' dirt and stains from slippers using two common items Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Once the wash cycle has finished, wipe down the machine seal with a cloth dipped in soapy water. Alternatively, you can use an eco-friendly multipurpose spray to help prevent mould build-up where the water gets trapped. Remember to check the washing machine’s filter as well. This can be found at the front of the machine at the bottom. To empty it, unscrew, drain out any water and give it a good wipe down. It’s recommended you clean your washing machine filter every four months as it can collect hair, tissues and even coins. To finish, pop a little vinegar into the machine drawer and run the machine again on a quick rinse. Kathleen added: “The inside of your machine should be sparkly clean, free of mould and germs, and ready to run with your laundry again to work brilliantly on cost-cutting cold washes. “Try to do this every four to six weeks to keep everything in full working order.”