WARNING: This article contains spoilers from EastEnders.EastEnders kicked off the New Year with a bang as residents of the Slater household were taken to the hospital for carbon monoxide poisoning. Among those who collapsed was Lily Turner (played by Lillia Turner) who is now at the heart of another shocking and unexpected storyline. Since Lily has been thrown into the limelight, fans are eager to know all there is about young star Lillia Turner. In EastEnders, Lily Slater is the eldest daughter of Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) who was found to be pregnant after the doctors conducted an ultrasound. Stacey was stunned by the news and had to tell her 12-year-old who broke down in tears. She informed Lily that she needed to divulge who the father was to her and the police amid fears that she had been abused. Unfortunately, Lily refused to explain what happened and continues to protect the person responsible. READ MORE: Camilla Tominey shuts down This Morning host in probe over Harry Fans have been keen to know all there is about Lily Slater actress Lillia Turner since this storyline began. Many have noticed that the young actress has the same name as her onscreen mum Lacey Turner who plays Stacey Slater. So viewers have started to question if the Albert Square mother and daughter are related in real life. While it would have been interesting if Lilia and Lacey were connected beyond the set, the actresses are not actually related, they simply have the same surname. Lacey's younger sister Lily did appear in EastEnders for four episodes in 2011 and 2012 as a friend of Zoe Slater (Michelle Ryan). But since then, it seems that Lily has taken a step back from the entertainment industry. Lacey's other sister Daisy Turner also had a stint in Hollyoaks when she portrayed Rebecca Massey. But the Stacey Slater actress is the only one of the three sisters to pursue a full-time career in acting. DON'T MISS...BBC News to 'axe 14 presenters' in new year schedule shake-up [EXPLAINER]EastEnders must still entertain, warns Ross Kemp [WARNING]EastEnders fans 'work out' father of Lily Slater's baby in DNA twist [REACTION] During Lacey's time on EastEnders, she has won more than 30 awards for her portrayal of Stacey. She is part of the first major plot of 2023 after discovering her daughter Lily is pregnant at just 12 years old. Lily told her mum she "wasn't abused" and that she was "safe" but refused to give any further details of what happened to her. Unsurprisingly, fans are coming up with their own theories of who the dad could be. Some fans have pointed the finger at Ricky Mitchell (Sid Owen) for being the dad as in a previous episode he said he was going to "meet a mate" but didn't say who. Others believe Nugget Gulati (Juhaim Rasul Choudhury) or Freddie Slater (Bobby Brazier) could be responsible. But only time will tell if it is someone in Walford who is Lily's baby daddy. EastEnders is available to watch on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.