Amazon has announced it will shut three UK warehouses, putting 1,200 jobs at risk. Facilities in Doncaster, Hemel Hempstead, Gourock, in the West of Scotland have been proposed for closure. All the affected workers will be offered roles at other Amazon locations, a spokesman of the company said. There are plans to build new sites at Peddimore in the West Midlands and Stockton-on-Tees in the North East. These projects could bring about 2,500 new jobs over the next three years. A spokesman for the company said: "We're always evaluating our network to make sure it fits our business needs and to improve the experience for our employees and customers. "As part of that effort, we may close older sites, enhance existing facilities or open new sites, and we've launched a consultation on the proposed closure of three fulfilment centres in 2023. "We also plan to open two new fulfilment centres creating 2,500 new jobs over the next three years.  "All employees affected by site closure consultations will be offered the opportunity to transfer to other facilities and we remain committed to our customers, employees and communities across the UK." The closures come after an announcement from the company stating it will be cutting 18,000 jobs. According to chief executive Andy Jassy, the company-wide job cuts are set to affect people in the customer retail side of the organisation. This includes people working for Amazon Fresh, Amazon Go and online stores. Roughly 500 workers currently working at Amazon’s Hemel Hempstead will be offered roles at the nearby Dunstable warehouse and other locations. In Doncaster, 400 employees will be affected but will have the opportunity to relocate to two nearby fulfilment centres at Doncaster’s iPort. The proposals also affect roughly 300 workers at the Gourock site in Scotland although it is more difficult for these jobs to be replaced given there are "limited opportunities" in Scotland, according to Amazon bosses. Ronnie Cowan, Member of Parliament for Inverclyde in Scotland, said: "This news from Amazon is a serious blow to Gourock, Inverclyde and Scotland. "Amongst the number crunching we must remember that 300 families are affected by this decision. They will be under an enormous strain, and we must do whatever we can to help them find gainful employment and help them through a very difficult time. "I am seeking urgent talks with Amazon over its decision to close its operations with the loss of more than 300 jobs. "Over many years Amazon has benefitted from a loyal, committed and productive workforce in Gourock and whatever the reasons for this decision, it cannot be any reflection on the workforce. "It goes without saying that in the midst of a cost-of-living crisis this will come as a hammer blow to the staff and their families. "Amazon has said it will try to re-deploy workers but has so far given me no firm commitments. "I now want to see both the UK and Scottish governments intervene to see what measures can be taken in light of this decision."  For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express 