Some 11.6 million pensioners should get the payment with many having received the money already. All the payments should arrive by next Friday, January 13, and the DWP has urged anyone who does not receive the funds by then to get in touch. Most people get the money automatically, and eligible Britons will have received a letter in October or November to notify them. The payments are usually between £100 and £300 depending on a person’s circumstances, but this year the payment is being supplemented by a Pensioner Cost of Living Payment, worth between £150 and £300, meaning a person could get up to £600 in total. When a person checks for the payment on their bank statement, they should look out for the payment reference, which will start with their National Insurance number. The number will be followed by ‘DWP WFP’ for those living in Great Britain, or ‘DFC WFP’ for people in Northern Ireland. READ MORE: Mum explains how you could amass £3,330 this year starting with just 5p If a person thinks they are entitled to the payment and they do not receive it by January 13, they can contact the Winter Fuel Payment Centre through the Government website or by calling +44 (0)191 218 7777. To be eligible for the payment, a person must have been born before September 26, 1956. They will normally need to have lived in the UK for at least one day of the qualifying week, from September 19 to 25, 2022. An individual may still get the payment if they live outside the UK if they moved to an eligible country before January 1, 2021. The eligible countries include:  Those who live in a care home will receive: However, a person will not receive any of the payment if they lived in a care home for the whole time between June 27 and September 25, 2022, and they received: READ MORE: Mum-of-four shares 'good' tool to ‘see the difference’ on family's energy bills  People who receive any of these benefits will not need to make a claim: Those who do not receive any of these benefits will need to put in a claim, either if they have not had the Winter Fuel Payment before or if they have deferred their state pension since their last Winter Fuel Payment. A person living in the UK can put in a claim for the Winter Fuel Payment by phone or by post, or by phone for those living abroad. To claim by post, a person will need to fill in a Winter Fuel Payment claim form and send it to the Winter Fuel Payment Centre. The address to send the completed form to is: Winter Fuel Payment Centre Mail Handling Site A Wolverhampton WV98 1LR.