Arsenal and Tottenham target Nicolo Zaniolo has confirmed that his agent will speak to Roma about his future. The 23-year-old status in Italy has become uncertain as his contract at the Stadio Olympico expires in 2024 and the club may look to sell in the next six months to maximise his transfer fee if he does not extend his deal. Zaniolo has been linked with a move to the Premier League across the last six months with both Arsenal and Tottenham interested in his signature. Spurs appeared to have the most interest in the midfielder with Fabio Paratici reportedly entering negotiations with Roma however the two clubs were unable to come to an agreement. It remains to be seen whether or not either side will go back for the Italian in the coming months but it is clear that the player himself is starting to think about his future, confirming that his agent will soon hold talks with Roma. In the meantime, he insists his full focus is on his current efforts. “I’m doing well at Roma, but now let’s think about the game,” he told Sportmediaset. “My agent will speak to the club, I don’t think about these things.” Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Zaniolo joined Roma from Inter Milan in 2018 and has made 128 appearances for the club in the four and a half years since. His time in the Italian capital has been badly hampered by injuries with the 23-year-old suffering two ACL tears within the space of 12 months. He has continued to suffer bad luck with injuries over the course of the current campaign, missing three weeks of action with a dislocated shoulder. Of the two North London rivals, Tottenham are potentially a more likely destination for the 23-year-old given Arsenal’s table-topping form. A space in the squad will also open up at the end of the season after the club decided against renewing Lucas Moura’s contract. Antonio Conte insisted the decision to allow the Brazilian to leave was the club’s and not his own but he insisted that it was one he understood and respected given the player's injury record. READ MORE:Arsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWFive Man Utd transfer targets off limits 'even if Glazers sell up' after UEFA rule change “This is the decision of the club,” he told reporters ahead of the north London derby. “For sure this season is a difficult season for Lucas. Also at the same time for us, also honestly in my mind when we planned this season Lucas was an important player for us. “The damage is for me and the team because a player like Lucas is a good player and also he helped us reach the Champions League but we didn’t have the possibility to use him because of the injuries. If you ask me about the decision of the club, I respect the decision the club makes.” It remains to be seen what will come of the talks between Zaniolo’s agent and Roma but it is likely the situation will be monitored closely by potential suitors like Tottenham and Arsenal.