Prince Harry is saddened that his relationship with his brother remains "at odds" now he has had the opportunity to share details of his experience as a member of the Royal Family. The Duke of Sussex made a series of disparaging comments about Prince William and Kate, the Princess of Wales in his newly-released memoir, Spare. Sources close to the Duke insist he is glad to have been able to speak out about royal life but noted the Duke is still hoping to reconcile with his older brother. A royal insider said: "Harry is extremely relieved the book is finally out and that people can read his version of events for themselves." Speaking to US Weekly, they added: "It makes him very sad that he and William are so at odds.” In his memoir, the Duke of Sussex painted a grim picture of his relationship with the Prince of Wales, accusing him repeatedly of undermining him in public and even "lunged" at him during an alleged physical altercation in private. Kensington Palace has so far refused to comment on any aspect of Prince Harry's book concerning Prince William and Kate, the Princess of Wales. JUST IN: Meghan could release her own memoir in months as publisher scrambles after Spare's success In his book, the Duke ranged from addressing Prince William as his "beloved brother" to branding him his "arch-nemesis". He wrote: "In some ways, he was my mirror, in some ways he was my opposite. My beloved brother, my arch nemesis, how had that happened?" Addressing his choice of words in an interview with GMA, the Duke explained: "There has always been this competition between us, weirdly. "Again I think it really plays into or is played by the 'heir/spare' and the British press's part in that. Right. "They pitched the Waleses right, of which Kate and William are now, against the Sussexes, me and my wife. They always pitched us against each other. They pitched Kate and Meghan against each other." READ MORE: Queen's ex-press secretary demands public apology for false 'allegation' in Harry's book The Duke of Sussex also claimed the Royal Family routinely addressed him and William as "the heir and the spare", suggesting he was "brought into this world in case something happened." Prince Harry wrote: "I was summoned to provide backup, distraction, diversion and, if necessary, a spare part. Kidney, perhaps. Blood transfusion. Speck of bone marrow. "This was all made explicitly clear to me from the start of life's journey and regularly reinforced thereafter." He reiterated his criticism of the Palace's alleged refusal to stamp out negative coverage of him and his wife Meghan Markle while accusing palace aides of bending over backwards to secure good articles about William and his family. DON'T MISS:Kate, Princess of Wales dons favourite tartan coat in Liverpool [REVEAL]Kate smiles and waves at fans as they show support [INSIGHT]Harry's ghostwriter defends 'blurry line' between fact and memory [ANALYSIS] Prince William has ignored efforts to probe him about Prince Harry's books since its release. At a public outing in Liverpool with the Princess of Wales, William was asked whether he was "hurt by the comments in Harry's book sir" but refused to answer the question. But despite the ongoing frostiness between the brothers, some insiders suggest the pair could ultimately be reunited before the King's coronation in May. A source close to both sides told the Daily Mail that the ongoing feud is "fixable" but will need Harry to be in the UK so he can be in the same room as his brother and father. They added: "Both sides need to hold their hands up and admit, 'we didn't get everything right, and we got a lot wrong'... It's going to take flexibility on all sides, but it can be done. "It needs Harry over here, in the room with the King and Prince of Wales, a couple of other family members, some of 'his people' he trusts who always had his back, so he doesn't think he's being ambushed."