Chelsea’s move for Enzo Fernandez could possibly be delayed until the summer as the midfielder risks being left red-faced, according to reports in Portugal. The Blues were seemingly close to securing a blockbuster £112million to bring the Argentina World Cup star to the Premier League. Wide-ranging reports suggested that Fernandez believed he had played his last game for Benfica in their 3-0 defeat by Braga last week. It was the 21-year-old’s first club outing since helping Argentina win the World Cup last month. Fernandez then apparently went AWOL, leaving Portugal to celebrate the turn of 2023 in his homeland. He returned to Benfica’s Seixal training base on Tuesday after missing several training sessions, and he faces disciplinary talks with the club’s hierarchy. The former River Plate star, who only joined Benfica six months ago, has his heart set on a move to Chelsea and was hoping that an agreement could be reached as soon as possible. However, the Blues might be cooling their interest and could revisit a deal ahead of the summer window instead. JUST IN: Man Utd have Giroud 'on their radar' with striker expecting offer That is according to Portuguese publication Record, who report that Chelsea have reneged on an immediate transfer. The west Londoners want a structured agreement in which they will pay Benfica £37.5m every 12 months for three years. Chelsea are insistent on such a deal so that they remain within Financial Fair Play restrictions, having already smashed the record for a club spend in a solitary window last summer. Todd Boehly made a strong statement to the rest of Europe in his first market by spending a huge £280m. Fernandez will be devastated if the move does not materialise in January, as the report suggests. Talks between the two clubs remain active. “In my opinion Enzo played well today. I don’t know if it was Enzo’s last game. He is a great player, since he arrived at Benfica he has played fantastic football,” Benfica boss Roger Schmidt said after his side’s reverse against Braga. DON'T MISS...Chelsea target Enzo Fernandez disobeys Benfica and 'to be punished'West Ham star Declan Rice has transfer preference with Chelsea keenChelsea take Rafael Leao risk as 'talks advance' after Fernandez push “And even as a person he is totally identified with the club. As I said before, in football sometimes things happen and players have to make decisions. Let’s see what happens in the coming weeks.” Benfica are set to rake in a huge early profit for Fernandez when he eventually leaves, whether that be in January or the summer. He was signed from River Plate for just £10m in the summer and signed a deal with an extortionate £105m release clause. Chelsea are expected to pay an even bigger fee to ensure they get their top target and fend off competition from the likes of Liverpool and Manchester United. The Blues have conducted talks with Benfica in the knowledge that the Portuguese giants are a ‘selling club’, having received over £1billion in fees since 2000.