A woman, trapped in the body of an eight-year-old girl has shared she has begun dating someone as she lays bare fears her appearance would attract paedophiles. Shauna Rae Lesick, who has a rare condition that means she doesn't grow, introduced her parents to a new love interest on her TV show. The I Am Shauna Rae star is 3 feet 10 inches tall and weighs just 50 pounds - about the same as an eight-year-old girl. Her condition was a rare side effect caused the brain cancer treatment she received as an infant. In a new episode of her TLC series, Shauna revealed how she has connected with 26-year-old Dan Swygart, a traveller from Wales who reached out to her on social media and sent her flowers after watching the first season of her show - reports the Mirror. She said: "Dan and I met through social media, and we talked for a couple months. "He travels so often, so he doesn't have service everywhere he goes. We kind of just got along, and we have a lot similar in our lives." Shauna said that she "always wanted to travel" and that his adventures around the world "piqued her interest".  "He's just a nice guy," she said. The pair went on a date after Dan visited her hometown in Long Island, New York, as they went to an aquarian and attempted an escape room with Shauna's 18-year-old sister Rylee. She continued: "Rylee and I were both very anxious because we didn't know what he wanted. "He was also talking to both of us casually, so we didn't know who he was into." READ MORE: Stacey Solomon fans theorise she is in labour over 'clue'  And the pair decided to go on a second date, with them choosing to make sushi rolls at home as she introduced him to her mum Patty and stepfather Mark Schrankel. Her parents gave him the third degree after previously expressing their fears that she would attract paedophiles because of her stature and appearance. But they soon came around and her stepfather told the camera during the show: "I think Dan would be a really good match for Shauna because he's very smart [and] adventurous. Shauna's smart but not very adventurous. I think he could pull her out of [her] comfort zone but still make her safe." Shauna admitted that she's not sure what the future holds for her and Dan because she's not sure how a long-distance relationship would work. "I haven't actually really thought about if Dan and I were in a relationship and how that would look," she said. "I assume that we would probably try long distance, but I've been in a long-distance relationship. It's not my cup of tea." 