Despite wrapping up with a controversial finale, Game of Thrones continues to intrigue and perplex audiences. Perhaps one of the most mysterious characters in the show was the Faceless Man Jaqen H’ghar (played by Tom Wlaschiha). The actor appeared as two different characters in the show. His initial appearance came in the first season when he met Arya Stark (Maisie Williams) while being held as a prisoner at Harrenhal. The pair struck up a friendship after she helped him to escape and he asked her for the names of people to kill as thanks. Both of them then escaped Harrenhal together with Jaqen H’ghar giving Arya a coin and telling her to seek him out in Braavos if ever she needed help. Jaqen H’ghar went on to change his face to a completely different person and was never seen again. However, later the actor cropped up again as a new character when Arya went to the House of Black and White in Braavos after fleeing Westeros and deciding to become an assassin. READ MORE: Game of Thrones star would ‘definitely consider’ return to franchise She underwent rigorous tutelage under the man who some thought was still Jaqen H’ghar. As part of her training, she was cleaning the bodies of the dead and taking lives for the Many-Faced God. Arya later disobeyed Jaqen H’ghar and murdered a man outside of her remit. The Waif (Faye Marsay) was sent after Arya to kill her with the pair locked in battle, but the fearsome Stark was eventually victorious and returned to the House of the Black and White to confront her mentor for sending The Waif after her. Arya was left incensed and held him at knifepoint as he told her: “Finally is a girl is no one.” She responded: “A girl is Arya Stark of Winterfell and I’m going home.” Arya then went back to Winterfell to help end the Long Night. As she left the House of Black and White, Jaqen H’ghar seemed to smile at her with her words implying she may have completed her training. Instead of speaking in the first person, Arya now referred to herself in the third person - like the other assassins of the Many-Faced God. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, actor Wlaschiha, 49, addressed the fate of his mysterious character. He said about Jaqen H’ghar’s fate: “I wish I knew. My favourite answer to that is always, ‘Was Jaqen H’ghar ever alive?’ “For me, he could be dead - and who is Jaqen H’ghar? Jaqen H’ghar is just one face of many faces that the Many-Faced God take and it’s definitely the face of a dead person. Who is behind it? We don’t know.” He went on to say: “Technically, I wouldn’t even need a twin brother to appear somewhere. “I’m very much dead and I’m very much alive at the same time.” This means Jaqen H’ghar could appear in any other spin-off shows such as prequel House of the Dragon as well as the upcoming Jon Snow (Kit Harington) series. Wlaschiha also said he would seriously consider returning to the HBO fantasy franchise should the opportunity come up. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb's true identity in Nicky twist [THEORY]Holly and Phillip spark backlash as fans demand new DOI hosts [VIEWER REACTION]Happy Valley fans 'work out' Hepworth's link to Tommy [INSIGHT] The star went on to address getting the part and if he had known how much of a global phenomenon Game of Thrones would become. He said: “I had no idea. When I was sent the audition scene, I was like, ‘What the hell is this?’ It’s some guy speaking of himself in the third person. That’s very weird. “I had no idea what to do with it. Then I just thought, ‘Okay, the only way to make this work is to deliver the lines quite slowly for the audience to even have a chance to understand him.’ And [the character brief] said it’s a mysterious character, so I just pretended I knew something. So that was my trick in creating that role. “Even at the end of season two, I didn’t know that I was going to come back because when I return in seasons five and six, it’s a different character in the books to the Faceless Man but the producers decided to [bring me back].” On why the character continued to intrigue fans, Wlaschiha said: “It’s because he’s so weird. Of course, he’s got this great storyline with Arya, who has always been one of the fan-favourites. I am very grateful for that part.” Game of Thrones season 1 to 7 is streaming on NOW and HBO Max now