A wildfire on the hottest day of last year ripped through Wennington, destroying 19 houses and damaging more than 50. But the courage and resolve shown by residents since the horror is awe-inspiring.  The 250-yard trail of ruin featured on TV news ­around the world and homes were left ­looking as if they had been bombarded by artillery. But amid the wreckage of the ancient hamlet in Havering, Essex, an uplifting tale of community spirit and cooperation is emerging. Marine Cottages, a row of two-up, two-downs built for laundry workers in 1886, was almost completely destroyed by the blaze which struck six months ago to the day. Nine of the 10 dwellings were hit but the end-of-terrace former post office was almost entirely untouched. Owners Dave and Roberta Biles, 69, are the only ­residents who remain as a demolition team flattens the burnt-out shells next door. Architectural pieces are being salvaged so the terrace can be rebuilt. Retired construction boss Dave, 68, said: “We will get there. We have to look forward but there are things we want to fix. “First is to protect all houses in the village with ­effective firebreaks between us and the grassland and meadows that surround us. “Other countries do it as a matter of course. We’ve got to make sure this doesn’t happen again. “It was a miracle our house didn’t go up with the rest. We have suffered damage to the roof and the flames burned up our garden fence to within a few feet of the conservatory. “The heat was so intense it warped it but it didn’t catch fire.” Dave spent seven years building a Spanish villa-style complex in his back garden with a swimming pool, pool house, bar and a palm tree, which is still blackened with soot. He added: “We think it was the wind direction that saved us but we’re not sure. The fact that we had no grass in the garden might have saved the house but who knows?” “The owners of the cottages have been very down. As the only residents we keep sending them updates to try to keep their spirits up. “The good news is the insurers are all working together through a single claim adjuster. The rebuilt row of cottages will look exactly like the originals but will have insulation, underfloor heating, fantastic kitchens and bathrooms.” The Reverend Elise Peterson is the vicar at St Mary and St Peter’s church, a Grade II-listed building dating back to the 12th century which survived. She said the village, which appears in the Domesday Book, faces a “long road ahead” but that recovering from catastrophe has given the community a cause. She added: “It seems it will take at least two years, probably more, to rebuild the houses lost. “People are trying to find ­positives but it has been a really emotional experience and has changed the community. The ­village is different. I know some people have lost everything. “Some of them still cry every day. It will be a slow journey, it will take time but there are some positives. People are asking how we can improve things for the community.  “We have issues with traffic through the village and a local landfill site. “People have become quite determined to take these on and get something done about them. “It will take time but people are quietly determined Wennington will emerge from this as a better place to live than it was before this terrible fire.” Here and there burnt-out cars and vans show where they were on the afternoon of Tuesday, July 19, the hottest day ever recorded in the UK with temperatures hitting 40C.  The fire is said to have started in a smouldering compost heap, yards from the village fire station. Had its single fire engine not been six miles away fighting one of thousands of grass fires to blight the country during the tinder dry summer, the inferno could have been snuffed out earlier. Instead it blazed across parched grassland, engulfed houses and spread at a pace “faster than a man can run”, according to witnesses. Some residents face an uphill battle as they cope with the devastation left in its wake. The Biles’ neighbour Sandra Tubb, 74, rented No 9 Marine Cottages for 48 years, spending her married life and raising her son in the property. Her beloved husband’s ashes are buried in the garden. The cottage has been demolished but Sandra as a tenant paying rent has no right to return to the home she lived in for almost 50 years. She hopes the council will find her accommodation elsewhere but did not want to comment on how that process is going.  Councillor Sue Osprea, 61, said: “What is desperately needed is appropriate housing for people who have lost everything. “There is also a young family with two children who were renting in Marine Cottages. “They will not have any right to move back in, they are homeless through no fault of their own. “They have been moved by the council into a homeless hostel, an environment unsuitable and possibly dangerous for young children. “We desperately need a two or three-bedroom house but the council tell us there are none available. It is appalling.” 