Liverpool new boy Cody Gakpo has revealed all about his failed moves to Manchester United and Leeds after sealing a switch to Anfield. The Netherlands forward has been linked with a whole host of elite clubs over the past few years, but it was the Reds who came out of nowhere to complete a £37m deal to bring the 23-year-old forward from PSV Eindhoven to Merseyside. And speaking about the speculation he had to deal with a few months ago, Gakpo admitted: “It was difficult this summer. It was a very intense period. I tried to find my peace, but it was difficult. “I thought I was going to Manchester United, but in the end it didn't work out. Leeds United came in. They are a good club, but I asked myself if I should really go there and when you have a lot of doubts, it is not good.” Now that his future is set, Gakpo appears raring to get going with Liverpool, and could make his debut in their FA Cup third round tie against Wolves next week. He added: “I think I can still make many steps, can do better, and can improve as a player.  "Even in Qatar, I became a better footballer in record time because I played with the best players in the Netherlands and came up against the greatest footballers from other countries. “It was hard to define exactly how I was improving while I was out there. But once the World Cup was over, I had time to analyse things. I used to play on a more individual level and rely on my instincts. I would take lots of players on and try to do something special every time I got the ball. “Now I realise I have to think more about the team. I have to choose the right moment to dribble and make actions. I have taken steps to recognise that.”   Gakpo also took the time to pay tribute to legendary Brazilian forward Pele, who died at the age of 82 on Thursday. “I loved watching Pele as a kid,” he continued. “My father always used to watch Pele on YouTube - and I watched along. It was wonderful to see him in action. “What appealed to me were Pele’s individual actions, the energy he put into matches and certainly his dribbles. Pele always seemed to feel very free on the pitch. I liked that about him - and I try to add that quality to my style too.”