Creed actor Michael B Jordan pulled no punches with his SNL hosting stint on NBC this past weekend. The Black Panther star hilariously introduced himself to the audience as “Michael B. Hosting. Michael B. Joking. And honestly, Michael B. Nervous. Michael B. Vulnerable," before poking fun at his own life as well as the latest news to hit the headlines. Jordan went on to share a throwback clip of himself, in which he appeared in an episode of All My Children at age 16, during which he made an over-exaggerated wolf howl while in character. He touched on his directorial debut in the filming of Creed III as well, adding: “Right after that, I went through my very first public breakup.” Jordan was referencing his break-up with model Harvey who, after a year and a half of dating, the pair decided to go their separate ways in June of last year. A source close to the couple told PEOPLE magazine at the time that Lori "wasn't ready to commit". READ MORE: Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show He continued: “Most people after a breakup are like, ‘I’m going to get in better shape.’ "But I was already in Creed shape! So I had to be like, ‘All right, I guess I’ll learn a new language'.” Speaking in Spanish, Jordan joked: ”Anyway, estoy en Raya,” confirming he is currently on the exclusive celebrity dating app Raya. Raya has proved a hit in A-list circles as the dating app has seen the likes of Channing Tatum using it to find love. This comes just weeks after it was reported that ex Harvey is dating British actor Damson Idris. When the news of the pair's split was announced, Jordan was pictured at a basketball match looking rather sorrowful, this picture later went viral. But the performer mentioned how when people googled "sad Michael Jordan", they would usually find 8,000 Google results of his namesake basketball legend with tears in his eyes, much to his amusement. The opening monologue continued with several cast members, including Chloe Fineman, Heidi Gardner and Ego Nwodim, began flirting with the actor. DON'T MISS:The Last of Us fans ‘sobbing’ after Bill and Frank twistFire Country fans ‘work out’ identity of mystery arsonistBridgerton’s Phoebe Dynevor hints Daphne ‘missing’ in season 3 Actress Chloe Finman, 34, joked: “Could you remind me how to spell your number?” While Heidi Gardener, 39, interrupted by saying: “Hey Chloe, don’t you have to go away?” And then the latter of the three, Ego Nwodim, proposed both marriage and "makeup sex". Last to try her luck with the heartthrob was openly gay comedian Punky Johnson, 37, who joked: “Even vegans have cheat days, right?” The monologue concluded with Michael expressing his gratitude for being on the SNL stage. He also admitted he wanted to have fun during the show by letting his "inner animal get a little crazy". Jordan's stint proved to be a hit with NBC viewers who praised the actor's hilarious antics. Saturday Night Live airs Saturdays on NBC in the USA.