Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp may be forcing the unwanted exit of his second-choice goalkeeper Caoimhin Kelleher after snubbing the player for the Reds’ FA Cup fourth round clash with Brighton on Sunday. Klopp’s team suffered their second defeat at the American Express Community Stadium in the space of two weeks as they lost 2-1 and were dumped out of the FA Cup. Kelleher joined the Liverpool academy from Ringmahon back in 2015 when he was still only 16 years old. And after progressing through the ranks in the north west, the Ireland international has become Klopp’s No 2, behind the ever-reliable Alisson. Since making his first-team debut in 2019, Kelleher has played a handful of games every season for the Reds. He has featured 20 times for his team, with nine of those appearances coming in the Carabao Cup and five of them coming in the FA Cup. But with Liverpool struggling for form this season, Klopp opted to name his strongest starting XI against the Seagulls, with Alisson lining up between the posts. The decision didn’t ultimately pay off - and Kelleher may be growing frustrated at the lack of first-team opportunities at Anfield. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    Kelleher, who is contracted to Liverpool until 2026, has only ever featured four times for his team in the Premier League and twice for them in the Champions League. And after establishing himself as one of the best back-up keepers in the top-flight, he may just decide he wants a crack at a No 1 spot elsewhere in the summer. Kelleher starred for the Reds in their Carabao Cup third round victory over Derby in November as he made three saves in the penalty shootout to help his team progress to the fourth round. And after that match, Klopp was quick to praise the 24-year-old. DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart   “I think we never hold it back [and] say ‘oh Caoimh, he could not play,’” Klopp said. “No, he’s exceptional. He’s absolutely exceptional. He had now not the best season so far, because he came back from holiday and was injured. It took a really long time to get him back in training and back to speed. But he’s obviously ready now. “The goalkeeper coaches are just doing an incredible job. He’s just - and I’m pretty sure he would say it the same - their product. What they do with him and the goalkeeper they developed is a modern goalie. “Calm as you like, can play football, and on top of that can catch balls and keep the ball out of the net in a really good manner. That’s really good and I’m over the moon for him that he could have these situations. When you see him, he’s a very grounded boy. He barely smiles, but when he smiles you know it means a lot to him.” 