Melbourne-based Chantel Mila has discovered three simple bathroom cleaning hacks which she says will “change the way” you tackle the chore. As well as running her Instagram page @mama_mila_au, where she shares helpful cleaning tips and tricks, Chantel is also a busy mum-of-two, so it's no surprise she’s found a way to speed up cleaning her bathroom. According to Chantel, her hacks will eliminate the need for scrubbing and leave your bathroom “sparkling”. In a video posted for her 1.4M followers, she shared her “three cleaning hacks that will change the way you clean your bathroom”, something she put to the test before having guests come to stay for the weekend. She starts with her bathroom sink and toilets, but instead of spritzing with a cleaning product and putting in some elbow grease, Chantel has a savvy solution to limescale, soap and toothpaste scum. “Soak two denture tablets in your sink and toilets to whiten them without scrubbing,” she said. Chantel fills her sink with water before dropping the tablets in and drops two tablets directly into her toilet bowl. Denture tablets typically contain baking soda, which is hailed for its multi-purpose cleaning uses around the home. READ MORE: Alarm as sinkholes appearing metres from brand new housing estate Baking soda is a great cleaning agent because it dissolves dirt and grease easily in water for effective cleaning. The structure of baking soda means it can work as a gentle abrasive. Baking soda also acts as a natural deodoriser by changing both acidic and basic odour molecules into a neutral state. Plumbing experts from Donley Service added: “In addition to baking soda in the tablets, they also usually contain a mild bleach which makes them attack limescale in multiple ways. Drop one or two denture cleaning tablets into the bowl and walk away for 30 minutes – an hour while they do their thing. “Then scrub clean with your toilet brush and flush to rinse. Hopefully, your toilet bowl will be as shiny and white as your teeth.” DON'T MISS6 safe and effective methods to stop rats visiting your garden [EXPLAINER]Mum-of-four saves hundreds transforming old IKEA table [COMMENT]‘Best’ home remedy to remove grout stains ‘in five minutes’ [INSIGHT] Baking soda is a great cleaning agent because it dissolves dirt and grease easily in water for effective cleaning. The structure of baking soda means it can work as a gentle abrasive. Baking soda also acts as a natural deodoriser by changing both acidic and basic odour molecules into a neutral state. Plumbing experts from Donley Service added: “In addition to baking soda in the tablets, they also usually contain a mild bleach which makes them attack limescale in multiple ways. Drop one or two denture cleaning tablets into the bowl and walk away for 30 minutes – an hour while they do their thing. “Then scrub clean with your toilet brush and flush to rinse. Hopefully, your toilet bowl will be as shiny and white as your teeth.”  Next, Chantel moves on to her shower doors, where she has an all-natural way of getting the ultimate shiny glass. She explained: “Fill a dish wand with white vinegar, two tablespoons dish soap and tea tree oil. This mix is will cut through soap scum and make your shower sparkle.” The mum shows how she rubs the sponge part of the wand onto the shower door in circular motions to remove any built-up dirt, before rinsing away with clean water from the shower head. Much like baking soda, white vinegar is another kitchen cupboard essential heralded by cleaning experts. White vinegar is great for cleaning due to its acidic nature. When it comes to glass, the composition helps break down the streaky film that can accumulate on the surface. The tea tree oil can boost cleaning power and leaves behind a fresh scent. Finally, Chantel turns her attention to the bathroom tiles in her shower and the rest of the room. Instead of tackling each tile by hand with a microfibre cloth, however, she has a speedier solution which covers a much vaster surface area. Fill a spray mop with the same mixture that she recommends for your shower door. “The same mix in a microfibre mop [will] clean tiles quickly and easily,” she said. Chantel's video has amassed over 340K "likes" from Instagram viewers at the time of writing. Commenters have also shared their experience testing our her tips. One user said: "I always put denture tablets in my loos. So good." Another added: "[I] finally used the dish wand for the shower! Game changer - was so easy and fast." [SIC]