Consecutive Bank of England Base Rate rises have sent mortgage interest rates surging, causing monthly payments for those on variable plans - as well as those needing to remortgage - to steadily increase over the past few months. However, as news of increased market stability comes, Express.co.uk spoke to experts for the 2023 forecast to find out when homeowners could expect to see mortgage rates fall. Anthony Codling, CEO of property platform Twindig, said that to ascertain when mortgage rates will drop, the reason rates increased in the first place must be considered. Mr Codling told Express.co.uk: “There are two main drivers. Inflation and the mini-budget." He explained: “Since December 2021, the Bank of England has been raising interest rates to try to fight off inflation. As the Bank of England raises its Base Rate, pretty much all other interest rates rise - such as those charged on your credit card, personal loans and mortgages. “The Bank of England will start to lower interest rates once it believes that inflation is under control.”  READ MORE: What you need to know in 2023 before applying for a mortgage  Moving on to address the impact of Liz Truss' disastrous mini-budget, Mr Codling said: “Since September 23 last year, the mortgage market has been on a roller coaster. “The mini budget led to an instant hike in mortgage rates, hundreds of mortgage products were pulled from the shelves, and lending criteria were tightened, making it much harder to secure a mortgage. “The mini-budget led to an instant hike in mortgage rates, hundreds of mortgage products were pulled from the shelves, and lending criteria were tightened, making it much harder to secure a mortgage." However, following the Chancellor’s Autumn Statement in November last year, stability is somewhat returning, Mr Codling said. He explained: “Government policy is no longer at odds with the aims of the Bank of England, which means interest rates won't go up as much as we previously feared - but they will go up whilst the Bank of England continues to raise Base Rate.”  DON'T MISS: Mortgage warning as shelf life on fixed rate deals fall to record low [INSIGHT]Could you unlock money from your home to repay your mortgage? [EXPLAINED]'Good news' for mortgages as rates 'shouldn't jump much higher' [ANALYSIS]    The Bank of England Base Rate currently rests at 3.5 percent. However, Mr Codling said it "may rise to four percent or 4.5 percent before starting to fall.” While it’s hard to predict exactly when mortgage rates could fall, Mr Codling said: “We expect the Bank Rate to peak this summer and start to fall in the autumn. Our best guess is that mortgage rates will start to fall from September onwards.” Iwona Hovenko, real estate analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence echoed the sentiment, saying: “UK mortgage rates could be materially lower by the end of 2023, as falling inflation and a slowing economy shift focus to BoE easing rates in late 2023 or in 2024.” She also said that weaker housing activity may increase competition among lenders, who may have to start offering “more attractive rates” in a bid to tempt borrowers.  READ MORE: UK households in remote area to get extra £60 off energy bills  Jinesh Vohra, CEO of Sprive, weighed in: “Towards the end of 2022, we saw mortgage rates rising fast. The good news is that in 2023, we’re actually starting to see things stabilise and we’re seeing hundreds of deals coming onto the market offering less than five percent - with many getting closer to four percent. “This is partly due to change in the political landscape but also in response to signs that inflation has perhaps reached its peak.” According to Mr Vohra, this in turn could mean interest rates will not rise as high as previously thought. He told Express.co.uk: “In December, the Bank of England suggested interest rates were forecast to peak somewhere between 4.25 percent and 4.75 perecnt by the middle of 2023, but would remain around this level for the rest of 2023. If this is the case, it's likely mortgage rates will rise a little before they begin to stabilise.” But, he notes, a better idea of the situation will be established after the Bank of England holds its next meeting to discuss the interest rate decision on February 2. Mr Vohra said: “The best way to combat higher rates is to make mortgage overpayments. Just the equivalent of a few pounds a day could make a big difference in helping you save interest but also increases your chances of putting yourself in the best position to unlock cheaper deals when you next switch.” However, for those who don’t have extra cash to hand, Mr Vohra highlighted there are other ways people can amass a little extra every month. He said people can use cashback apps like Sprive, where homeowners can “earn extra money towards the mortgage for free just by doing your everyday shopping with brands like Morrisons, M&S, Waitrose, Argos, Primary and many more.”  Ms Hokenko added, to help cut mortgage repayments in the face of higher interest rates: "Borrowers could extend the length of their mortgage, with existing borrowers repaying more of their loan before their lower fixed-rate deal ends, while home movers could look for a cheaper home.” Property expert Jonathan Rolande said borrowers could also "fix a mortgage" to "insulate themselves from rises", but notes the rate they pay might be higher than a variable as "some rises are built in". Mr Rolande suggested: “Aim to borrow as little as possible and, if you can, borrow from family at a lower/zero rate. Pay the mortgage down as quickly as possible, even overpaying a few hundred a month will reduce the interest and mortgage term quite quickly." However, circumstances differ and it’s always beneficial to consult with an authorised financial advisor before making any changes. 