Manchester United, Chelsea and Arsenal could find themselves embroiled in several transfer battles in 2023. The three clubs have already found themselves vying for the same big-money targets in January, and are likely to engage in many bidding wars over the coming months. Express Sport picks out six players who have been linked with the Premier League trio. Jude Bellingham Borussia Dortmund starlet Jude Bellingham is unlikely to leave until the summer at the earliest but that will not stop the Premier League clubs from putting in the hard graft over a transfer in six months’ time. That is despite top-flight rivals Liverpool and Spanish giants Real Madrid leading the race to sign the 19-year-old. Bellingham is expected to leave Dortmund at the end of the season, with the Bundesliga outfit demanding north of £100m. United, Chelsea and Arsenal have all been linked. Chelsea might have the best chance of rivalling Liverpool and Madrid due to their finances, but could choose to prioritise moves for similar big-money purchases such as Enzo Fernandez or Declan Rice. JUST IN: Arsenal fans hijack Mudryk tweet as Shakhtar urged to '#FreeMudryk' Declan Rice England midfielder Rice appears to be quietly nearing an exit from West Ham. The 23-year-old spoke at the World Cup about being envious of his Three Lions team-mates who play in the Champions League and compete for titles. United and Chelsea have long been suggested as possible destinations for the Hammers captain. Arsenal have moved into the fold given their improvement under Mikel Arteta. Rice, a former Chelsea academy prospect before his move to West Ham aged 14, will come at a premium fee. Mykhaylo Mudryk Chelsea and Arsenal are both in competition to sign Ukrainian starlet Mykhaylo Mudryk this month. The 21-year-old winger has been in sensational form for Shakhtar Donetsk. Arsenal seemingly led the race, with Mudryk keen on the move and even hinting on social media that he wanted to join Arsenal. But big-spending Chelsea have taken a keen interest and have held talks with Shakhtar officials in London. Both clubs are uneasy about meeting Mudryk’s mammoth £85m valuation, but this is one deal worth keeping an eye on before the end of January. DON'T MISS...Man Utd have new Alejandro Garnacho as Erik ten Hag weighs up transferMan Utd sent strong Weghorst message by Besiktas as transfer in doubtMan Utd ace Pellistri comes to January transfer decision after debut Sergej Milinkovic-Savic Sergej Milinkovic-Savic has long been linked with a move to the Premier League. The Lazio hero - who is still only 27 - has long-term admirers in United, but a switch to England has never materialised. The Serb was linked with Arsenal ahead of the January transfer window. Mikel Arteta is known to want to strengthen his midfield, and there can be few better available options for the No 8 position than Milinkovic-Savic. Youri Tielemans Many were surprised to see Leicester survive the summer transfer window without losing star midfielder Youri Tielemans. With just a year remaining on his contract at the time, it was expected that reported interest from United or Arsenal would lead to a move. Tielemans is now expected to run down his contract with the Midlands outfit before joining one of the Premier League’s Big Six at the end of the season. The 25-year-old will have the pick of the interested teams, and could sign a lucrative free agent deal. Randal Kolo Muani Few had heard of Randal Kolo Muani when the attacker put France 2-0 ahead in their World Cup semi-final win over Morocco. But the 24-year-old has been making waves in Germany and has been loosely linked with the Premier League for some time. His eight goals for Eintracht Frankfurt this season earned him a late call-up to the French World Cup squad, replacing the injured Christopher Nkunku. United, Chelsea and Arsenal are all interested in a possible transfer.