Arsenal are set to pull off the surprise signing of Poland international Jakub Kiwior. The 22-year-old can help fill two problem areas for Mikel Arteta. Arteta has been determined to add depth to his squad this month. He missed out on a deal to sign top target Mykhaylo Mudryk, who joined Chelsea instead. At £88million, Mudryk would likely have taken up most, if not all, of Arsenal's transfer budget. But now Arteta is spreading those funds out on different signings. Leandro Trossard is set to sign from Brighton for a fee that could rise to £27million. And he is likely to be followed through the doors at London Colney by Kiwior. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Out of the blue, Arsenal have agreed a fee of around £17.5million with Spezia to sign the versatile defender. Kiwior has spent the majority of this season as a centre-back and played in that position in each of his country's games at the World Cup in Qatar. But he can also operate in defensive midfield, a role he adopted on a regular occurrence last season. Kiwior is left-footed and therefore will provide back-up and competition for Gabriel Magalhaes at the back. That is an area Arteta has been looking to add to, with Eintracht Frankfurt's Evan Ndicka another player to have been linked. Following Pablo Mari's loan move to Monza, Arsenal did not have a senior replacement for Gabriel if he were to get injured. Gabriel has played every Premier League match this season and has also featured in both the Europa League and domestic cup competitions. Kiwior will help lessen the burden on the Brazilian's shoulders. DON'T MISSGrealish gives perfect response after being 'insulted' in Sky Sports interviewGuardiola walks out on Sky interview after scathing attack on Man City playersRonaldo perplexed after being given award over Messi and Mbappe  But he will also provide depth to an area of the pitch that is vital to how Arsenal play. Thomas Partey has been a standout player so far this season in defensive midfield. Mohamed Elneny missed the win at Tottenham with a knee injury and Albert Sambi Lokonga has struggled when given an opportunity. So Kiwior will provide another option for Arteta in the middle of the park. Sceptics of Arsenal's title credentials have often said that a lack of squad depth will cost them at the end of the season. However, the signing of Kiwior should be seen as a positive step by Arteta. The versatile star will not only enable Gabriel to have a breather but also give extra depth in other areas as the Gunners push for their first title since 2004.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here