Royal fans have noticed an inconsistency in what Meghan and Harrys say she wore on the couple's first date. Describing her outfit in Spare, Prince Harry writes: "She was wearing a black sweater, jeans heels. I knew nothing about clothes but I knew she was chic." But in 2018, the mother of Harry's two children explained, with a Royal Collections curator, how she wore a blue dress on her first date with Prince Harry. Prior to their big day, the Duchess of Sussex recalled how she had asked for a piece of the blue dress to be sewed to her wedding dress as her 'something blue'. In September 2018, four months after the wedding, the Duchess reunited with her wedding dress, which was Givenchy, for the ITV documentary, Queen of the World. In the documentary, Meghan said: "Somewhere in here, there's a piece of - did you see it? READ MORE: One word' in key interview that shows Harry's 'internal conflict' according to expert "The piece of blue fabric that's stitched inside? It's my something blue. It's fabric from the dress I wore on out first date." Responding to Meghan, the curator said: "Oh, that's about the most romantic thing!". Harry and Meghan met in London in 2016. The Duke of Sussex, 38, and the former actress, 41 had their first date at 76 Dean Street in London, which is one of Soho House's private member clubs. READ MORE: Kate and William's 'comment without a comment' on Harry book with subtle social media move However, there is a possibility that Meghan hadn't considered the first time she met Harry to be a 'date'. In his memoir, Harry described their second meeting, adding that Meghan wore a "pretty blue sundress with white pinstripes". Harry's memoir was released 18 months after it was first revealed online by Penguin Random House in July 2021. DON'T MISS Within the first 24 hours of its release, the memoir was branded the UK's fastest-selling non-fiction book of all time. In the book, Harry made some brand-new claims against the Royal Family and of his time as a senior royal. These included that he and William asked their father not to marry Camilla, how he lost his virginity to an older woman and how Charles told him that Meghan was not welcome to go to Balmoral after the late Queen's death.