James Norton, 37, is currently gracing our screens as violent narcissist Tommy Lee Royce in BBC One’s Happy Valley alongside Sarah Lancashire who plays determined and good-humoured price sergeant Catherine Cawood. The series began in 2014 with the third and final series beginning on January 1, 2023. James was nominated for a British Academy Television Award for his role in Happy Valley, and has also starred in the TV series Grantchester, War & Peace and McMafia. Last year, he also appeared in the British thriller film Rogue Agent alongside Gemma Arterton. The film was based on the article “Chasing Robert Freegard” by Michael Freegard. James played Robert Hendy-Freegard, a conman who tricked and convinced several people that he was an MI5 agent. James was born in Lambeth, London but lived in the town of Malton in North Yorkshire growing up. READ MORE: Alarm as sinkholes appearing metres from brand new housing estate He has described his own upbringing as “idyllic”, having grown up on the edge of the Howardian Hills. He now lives in Peckham in South East London which was once named the 11th coolest neighbourhood in the world. The suburb is located in the London Borough of Southwark and is known for its delicious eateries, quirky street art, and the famous Peckham Levels - a converted multi-storey car park that’s filled with restaurants and artistic spaces. The area is most famous for being the home of Del Boy and Rodney from British comedy sitcom, Only Fools and Horses. DON'T MISS6 safe and effective methods to stop rats visiting your garden [INSIGHT]‘Worst’ tip to avoid watering your peace lily- will cause ‘root rot’ [UPDATE]Couple's transformative makeover sees value of three-bed house triple [ANALYSIS] Peckham may not be Kensington or Chelsea, but properties in the suburb still cost significantly more than the UK average of £281,272. According to Rightmove, properties in Peckham had an overall average price of £636,565 over the last year. The majority of sales in Peckham during the last year were flats, selling for an average price of £435,117. Terraced properties sold for an average of £890,890, with semi-detached properties fetching £1,122,851. READ MORE: Rod Stewart’s quiet life with his wife Penny in charming Essex town Overall, sold prices in Peckham over the last year were similar to the previous year and six percent up on the 2020 peak of £600,327. James has been in a relationship with actress Imogen Poots, 33, since 2018. The 28 Weeks Later star reportedly moved into her beau’s home in Peckham in 2020 after having a long-distance relationship. Imogen and James can often be seen cruising around on the bicycles in Peckham, according to MailOnline. The couple met when they co-starred in the West End production of Belleville at the Donmar Warehouse in 2017. Previously, James was dating Irish actress Jessie Buckley who is known for her roles in Chernobyl and the musical film Wild Rose. Imogen and James made their red carpet debut at the 2018 Cannes Film Festival. They have been engaged since 2022. James is also a type 1 diabetic, having previously told The Times he has to inject himself with insulin “up to 15 times a day with 5mm needles”.