King Charles is likely to make a massive change in his Coronation, a news report has claimed. According to the Sun, the 74-year-old King has opted to wear a military uniform in his coronation instead of silk stockings and breeches.  A source told The Sun: “Senior aides think breeches look too dated.” The news report claimed that the King wants his Coronation to represent the “modern 21st-century monarchy” so will not wear old-fashioned stockings and breeches. Charles’ grandfather King George VI, great-grandfather King George V and great-great-grandfather King Edward VII are recorded wearing the old-fashioned get-up. But the tradition is believed to go back even further.   Charles is expected to arrive in a military uniform, possibly of the Admiral of the Fleet, which he wore to the State Opening of Parliament last May. He will also be dressed at the ceremony in ermine fur and will wear both the Imperial State Crown and St Edward’s Crown at different points. An insider told the publication: “Though some of the more long-winded elements of the Coronation will be moved aside or modernised, the King was happy to wear the breeches and stockings. “But in discussion with senior aides they are saying he should not wear them, so will arrive in a military uniform instead. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry brace for Hollywood snub over Netflix faux pas  “It is largely to do with modernising the Coronation and stripping away the stuffiness. “They think having a 74-year-old King arriving in stockings and breeches in 2023 looks too dated. They are probably right.” It has not yet been confirmed which crown will be used for Queen Consort Camilla. Meanwhile, trouble is brewing with the 2,000-strong guest list in the House of Commons as only two dozen MPs are set to be invited out of 650. DON'T MISS:Expert warns Charles ‘can’t afford to risk allegations of hypocrisy’ [INSIGHT]Girl secures £39m settlement after hospital trust meningitis error [REVEAL]Stagecoach tycoon Ann Gloag charged with human trafficking offences [SPOTLIGHT] A Whitehall source said: “There’s going to be a lot of upset when people see the guest list. Lots of political bigwigs will be left watching on TV." 