Ana Walshe's husband showed "a lot of red flags" as evidence emerged of the missing woman previously contacting the police to report alleged abusive behaviour. The 39-year-old real estate executive disappeared from her Massachusetts home in the early hours of New Year's Day but the alarm was not raised until four days later. Husband Brian Walshe has since been arrested for allegedly misleading the police, with damning evidence emerging about his conduct towards his wife in the past. Police reports showed Ana Walshe reported Brian to the police before they married claiming he "made a statement on the telephone that he was going to kill her and her friends." Former FBI Special Agent Nicole Parker claimed evidence of concerning behaviour in the past could help investigators as they try to discover what happened to Walsh. Parker said: "There are absolutely a lot of red flags. "A lot of times when we're looking at investigation and these types of cases, we're going to look at the historical behaviour of an individual. JUST IN: Iran executes British man with dual nationality over claims he was a spy for MI6 "Brian Walshe clearly had a history based on the new information coming out that he had been abusive towards her. She'd actually contacted law enforcement herself." The former FBI Special Agent told Fox News: "One of those calls to law enforcement was actually before she was married to that individual, to Brian. "She contacted law enforcement and chose not to press charges, that's actually something I've seen in several situations where they contact law enforcement but they end up backing off in the pursuit of the relationship. "That history of threats...if someone is going to behave that way, patterns of behaviour determine future behaviours." READ MORE: 'Concerted effort!' Ex-Trump aides hatch plan to stop 45th POTUS from White House return At the time of Walshe's disappearance, her husband was in home confinement over charges of art fraud. He is also at the centre of an ongoing dispute with his family amid accusations he destroyed his father's will to take over his estate. Walshe was last seen leaving her home in Cohasset, Massachusetts in the early morning hours of January 1. Cohasset Police Chief William Quigley said her disappearance was only reported to local police on January 4 after her company said she had failed to show up at her Washington DC office. Her husband Brian was arrested on January 8 for allegedly misleading police investigators seeking the missing 39-year-old. At his hearing on Monday, prosecutors claimed he was spotted at a local Home Depot after having spent $450 in cleaning products despite having claimed to have been over 40 miles away at the time he was recorded by the store's CCTV. DON'T MISS:At least seven dead in tornado emergency [REPORT]Idaho murder suspect asked neighbour about crime [ANALYISIS]Horror as child, 11, dies from ‘fentanyl intoxication’ following fight [INSIGHT] Walshe's mother, Milanka Ljubicic, claimed her daughter had begged her to visit her from Serbia in the days before her disappearance. Ljubicic said: "She just said, 'Please, mama. Come tomorrow,' which means that, clearly, there must have been some problems. "And now I can't forgive myself for not just letting things fall where they may, and just go, and whatever happens to me, happens." She added: "She called again at 1 a.m. and I missed that call too. "She called her elder sister who was also asleep. Then she tried to call her maid of honour who didn't hear the phone because of the loud music. And now, I regret not getting the phone, because she's disappeared."