Prince Harry wrote an extensive list of acknowledgments to celebrity pals he claimed had "humbled" him. He gave thanks to those "who stuck by me", which includes everyone from Oprah Winfrey, who hosted his controversial interview with Meghan Markle, to James Corden - but he seemingly missed out on a huge list of famous faces who supported the royal. Coldplay singer Chris Martin, American actor Tyler Perry and even the Argentinian actor Nacho Figueras were all listed in the acknowledgments, as of course was his wife Meghan and her mum Doria, plus the couple's two children Archie and Lilibet. However, eagle-eyed readers have spotted that Beyonce and Jay-Z weren't on the list, despite Meghan having appeared in one of the power couple's music videos. In the 2019 video "Apes**t", which was filmed in the Louvre in Paris, Beyonce - who is often nicknamed Queen Bee - and her equally famous husband replaced the iconic Mona Lisa with a portrait of Meghan wearing a tiara instead. In spite of their clear show of support for the couple, whom they met at the London premiere of the Lion King in 2019, Harry made no mention of the power couple in the acknowledgements of Spare. READ NOW: Piers Morgan claims Harry is 'dumb, deluded or suffering from amnesia' Beyonce also featured in their self-titled Netflix docuseries when Meghan excitedly revealed she had received a text from the singer. The Duchess of Sussex gasped: "I can't believe she knows who I am" before reading out excerpts from the message, sharing that the songstress wanted to make sure she felt "safe and protected". Meghan continued: "She admires and respects my bravery and vulnerability and thinks I was selected to break generational curses that need to be healed." Meanwhile, George Clooney and his human rights lawyer wife Amal Clooney, who were present at Harry and Meghan's 2018 wedding, were not given a mention in the acknowledgments either. In the months that followed the nuptials, the couples reportedly stayed together in the Clooneys' holiday home at Lake Como in Italy. George also shared in an interview with the Daily Mail that he had been enjoying dinner parties with the royal couple as Meghan made a bid to settle into London life. Stating that their homes were close together, he added: "They’re just really nice, fun, kind people. They’re a very loving couple, and they’re going to be great parents." David and Victoria Beckham were also honoured guests at the royal wedding, with David's public comments about his friendship with Harry dating back as far as 2012. DON'T MISS... Gordon Ramsay accidentally drops baby news in on-air quip [BOMBSHELL] Madonna looks ageless during family's moonlit dance on African safari [LATEST] Carol Vorderman 'wiggles' bottom wearing leather in very sultry clip [PICTURES] However, biographer Tom Bower made the claim that Meghan was concerned Victoria may have been leaking stories about her in the press - a suggestion that neither of the women have ever publicly addressed. Barack and Michelle Obama were also among those who didn't feature in Harry's acknowledgments, in spite of Harry having met with them at both Kensington Palace and the White House over the years, and they also filmed a video challenge between the Obamas and the Windsors at the 2016 Invictus Games, featuring the late Queen. James Blunt was also omitted from the book, despite having served with Harry in the army years before. The singer had previously made it clear his loyalties lay firmly with Harry during a 2019 interview on Good Morning Britain, when he described the prince as a "phenomenal soldier" and dismissed the public "scrutiny" he'd received as "bullying". Meanwhile, Elton John was mentioned in the book, when Harry admitted he'd asked the legend to sing Candle in the Wind to mark the anniversary of mum Princess Diana's death, but wasn't one of those he thanked in his acknowledgments. Elton had previously defended him against "relentless and untrue assassinations on their characters" and even performed at the couple's wedding. Luther actor Idris Elba didn't receive a mention, although he DJ'ed at the royal couple's wedding. Other famous faces Harry didn't highlight but whom he is believed to have been close to include actor Tom Hardy, Katherine McPhee and her music producer husband David Foster - who has been described as the Prince's "other father" - and songstress Adele.