Prince Harry has said Jeremy Clarkson's controversial column about Meghan Markle was "shocking" but did not surprise him. The Duke of Sussex addressed Clarkson's now-deleted piece for The Sun in a new interview in the US - and also said "silence" by the Royal Family in response to it is "betrayal".      The column - in which the former Top Gear host said he "hated" the Duchess of Sussex - became the Independent Press Standards Organisation’s (IPSO) most complained about article. IPSO received more complaints about the article (more than 17,500) than it had about any article in the year 2021. The Duke of Sussex spoke to Anderson Cooper on CBS' 60 Minutes ahead of his memoir's release on January 10. Reciting contents of Clarkson's column to the Duke, Cooper said: "He said, 'I hate her. At night, I'm unable to sleep as I lie there, grinding my teeth and dreaming of the day where she is made to walk naked through the streets of every town in Britain while the crowds chant, 'Shame,' and throw lumps of excrement at her.' Did that surprise you?" READ MORE: Duke set for explosive 60 Minutes with Anderson Cooper  Harry replied: “Did it surprise me? No. Is it shocking? Yes. I mean, thank you for proving our point.” Cooper then asked: "Has there been any response from the palace?" To which Harry responds: "No. And there comes a point when silence is betrayal."  An Ipso spokesperson told the PA Media news agency: “We will follow our usual processes to examine the complaints we have received. DON'T MISSHarry hits back at Tom Bradby in tense exchange [UPDATE]Prince Harry ‘lost a lot of memories’ after loss of mother Diana [REVEAL]Harry physically recoils after ‘scathing’ accusation about Camilla [INSIGHT]  “This will take longer than usual because of the volume of complaints.” In response to the criticism he received, Clarkson took to Twitter: “Oh dear. I’ve rather put my foot in it. “In a column I wrote about Meghan, I made a clumsy reference to a scene in Game of Thrones and this has gone down badly with a great many people. “I’m horrified to have caused so much hurt and I shall be more careful in future.” In place of the article, the Sun’s website now has a copy of the tweet.  