Newcastle fans were furious as they had a goal disallowed by VAR during their Carabao Cup semi-final first leg against Southampton. Joelinton thought he had given his side the lead in the first half, but after bundling the ball home a lengthy check saw his effort chalked off. Joe Willock cut inside the box and had an effort which was saved by Gavin Bazunu, before the ball fell to Joelinton who controlled it before firing into the back of the net to send the travelling Newcastle fans into raptures. However, he was deemed to have handballed when he brought the ball under control before his finish. The on-field referee ruled that the Brazilian committed an offence by using his arm before scoring, while there was not conclusive evidence to overturn the decision by VAR. At half-time, former Newcastle striker Les Ferdinand felt that the officials were wrong not to award the goal. "I mean I’m in the striker’s union and I think it comes off his hip," he told Sky Sports. "Or it rolls off his chest and he volleys it in, but what I will say is from the referee’s angle, what he sees is a handball, but we’ve looked at it so many times and don’t see it hitting his hand. From the referee’s angle I suppose he sees it like that because he moves his arm out of the way." Southampton icon Francis Benali explained why the on-field decision had to remain: "As Les said, the angle that Stuart Atwell has got from behind, we’re looking at it and dissecting it in real, slow time, in slow motion, and we’re still struggling to see whether it actually was or wasn’t [handball]. So the angle that the referee is seeing it in real time, you’ve got to go with the on-field decision then haven’t you." However, ex-Magpies goalkeeper Shay Given believes that VAR should have enough evidence to say definitively whether the ball hit Joelinton's hand. "I’m not sure," he replied. "I understand [the referee sees it from a certain angle], and the ref says he thinks it’s a handball, but then VAR - which we said before tonight we have VAR and we have it for a reason - and that angle proves it comes off his hip or his stomach. It’s a legitimate goal.  "I think the angle the ref sees it you can say it’s a handball, but then surely the VAR would get involved, and it would take you 30 seconds to jog over and have a look at this angle we’ve just seen, and then I think he’s got to give the goal." We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: express.co.uk/sport/football Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @dexpress_sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real time. We're also on Facebook @dailyexpresssport - offering your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day to like, comment and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express and Express.co.uk. 