Passengers were left screaming and fearing for their lives onboard a Delta flight when their plane almost collided with an American Airlines plane as it crossed into the runway. The Boeing 737 was travelling at 115mph down a runway at New York's JFK airport on Friday night when an American Airlines flight to the UK crossed into its path. Pilots of the Delta flight were able to come to an emergency stop with just 1,000 feet to spare before it would have crashed into the plane, according to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). Delta passenger Donall Brian Healy told Business Insider: "As the plane came to a stop, I realized we'd be OK — I thought it was a mechanical thing." He added that the pilot admitted to passengers the landing was aborted after a plane crossed in front of them. Audio recordings from the moment have suggested that the American Airlines pilot provided Air Traffic Control with inaccurate information about its location. The flight was on taxiway B for departure from runway 04L, according to Aviation Herald. READ MORE: Six dead including baby in suspected 'gang' shooting  It had been cleared to cross runway 31L on taxiway K, but instead continued straight on, joining taxiway J, crossing runway 04L. The plane then moved into the path the Delta flight was cleared for takeoff from runway 04L. A controller can be heard swearing "s***" and "f***" as they ordered the Delta flight to cancel takeoff. The Delta flight returned to the gate and did not takeoff to the Dominican Republic until the next morning. DON'T MISS Kohberger 'will not be be able to use insanity' defence, experts warn [INSIGHT]Married police officer ‘had on-duty sex with male colleagues' [ANALYSIS]CNN panel shames Biden as file scandal to 'hang over' him for a while [VIDEO] A Delta spokesperson said in a statement that it "will work with and assist aviation authorities on a full review of flight 1943 on January 13 regarding a successful aborted takeoff procedure at New York-JFK. "We apologize to our customers for the inconvenience and delay of their travels." John Cox, a retired pilot and aviation safety professor at the University of Southern California, said he questioned whether there was a "miscommunication between the American crew and the air traffic controllers." Asked how rare such incidents are, he said: "This happens occasionally where there will be a misunderstanding about an air traffic control clearance and somebody will end up having to reject a takeoff."