Arsenal players and staff are generally in agreement over the imminent signing of Jorginho from Chelsea, with the news dividing supporters on deadline day. Mikel Arteta was desperate to bring in a midfielder before the end of the month as squad depth issues threatened to derail his side's Premier League title bid. The Gunners have moved to address those depth issues over the past few weeks with Leandro Trossard arriving to provide an extra option out wide, Jakub Kiwior signing for his defensive potential and now Jorginho to provide high-quality back-up in case of a key midfield injury. Thomas Partey, Granit Xhaka and Martin Odegaard are an immovable trio in the middle of the park but there had been a significant drop-off in quality further down the pecking order, particularly with Mohamed Elneny's injury threatening to keep him out for the season. Arsenal had two bids knocked back for Brighton star Moises Caicedo, with the most recent one coming in at £70million, before they eventually conceded defeat and agreed a £12m switch for Jorginho instead. JUST IN: Arsenal 'eyeing Youri Tielemans bid' as Caicedo struggles continue Many Gunners supporters aren't too pleased at the prospect of seeing the 31-year-old sign from their cross-city foes, while others believe his steady passing and wide-ranging experience will bring good things to Arteta's title bid. According to The Athletic, Arsenal players and staff are in agreement that Jorginho should bring technical ability and tactical understanding to the side. The report adds that his arrival has 'gone down well' with those in north London, while Chelsea are said to be pleased to recoup money for the Italian, who would have been at liberty to leave for free in the summer. DON'T MISS...Tottenham 'agree fee' to snatch exciting Chelsea striker Soonsup-BellMan City star Joao Cancelo 'set to join Bayern Munich on loan'Tottenham set to block Japhet Tanganga transfer exit Jorginho was born in Brazil, but before moving to the Premier League, he spent his entire senior career in Serie A. Four years with Hellas Verona were followed by another four at Napoli, where he excelled under former boss Maurizio Sarri. The midfield veteran is set to leave Stamford Bridge after making more than 200 appearances and scoring 29 goals - many of which from the penalty spot. Although the proposed switch has seemingly gone down well in the Arsenal dressing room, former Scotland striker Ally McCoist is not so convinced. "I don't see it as a great move," he told talkSPORT. "Nothing to do with the finances, although I actually think Chelsea are getting the better deal. Believe it or not, I think he will change the way Arsenal play. I really do. "In that midfield... Partey, Odegaard and Xhaka have been excellent. Don't get me wrong [on Jorginho]. Talented? Yes. Top quality. But I just think he plays the game at a different pace than Arsenal want to play at right now."