Taylor Sheridan is best known for bringing the Paramount Network’s epic Yellowstone franchise to screens, as well as writing, directing and producing many more acclaimed film and TV projects. For his next venture, Oscar-winner Morgan Freeman has been tapped to star alongside Zoe Saldaña and Nicole Kidman in a thrilling real-life crime drama. Morgan has officially joined the cast of Lioness, the new drama from writer-producer Taylor for Paramount+. He will portray Secretary of State Edwin Mullins who heads up a female group of operatives tasked with taking down a terrorist organisation. Newcomer Laysla De Oliveira will star as Cruz Manuelos alongside an all-star cast. Morgan’s other TV credits include his recent Emmy-nominated turn in The Kominsky Method, and he is also well known for films like Bruce Almighty and The Dark Knight trilogy. READ MORE: ITV viewers 'shaking with rage' and 'switch off' Harry interview The 85-year-old A-lister won the Supporting Actor Oscar for his role in the 2004 drama film Million Dollar Baby. He has also been nominated for an Academy Award for his portrayal of Nelson Mandela in the sports-biopic Invictus, as well as for Street Smart and The Shawshank Redemption. Lioness marks the latest in a string of Hollywood heavy-hitters joining up with Taylor’s Paramount+ projects. His Yellowstone shows have attracted the likes of Kevin Costner, Harrison Ford and Helen Mirren, whilst Rocky Balboa star Sylvester Stallone currently stars in Tulsa King. This week, Paramount+ confirmed MTV Entertainment Studios and 101 Studios will produce Lioness exclusively for the streaming platform. An official synopsis reads: “Lioness is based on a real-life CIA program and follows Cruz Manuelos, a rough-around-the-edges but passionate young Marine recruited to join the CIA’s Lioness Engagement Team to help bring down a terrorist organization from within. “Saldaña will play Joe, the station chief of the Lioness program tasked with training, managing and leading her female undercover operatives.” In addition to his various accolades and nominations, Morgan is one of the highest-grossing actors of all time, his films having earned over $5 billion in cumulative sales. DON'T MISS:Lockwood & Co trailer teases Bridgerton star’s new role [VIDEO]Ginny and Georgia star teases major change for Zion [INSIGHT]FBI: Most Wanted crossover delayed by CBS shake-up [LATEST] Meanwhile, lead actress Zoe is fresh from her appearance in the December blockbuster Avatar: The Way of Water, and will reprise her role as Gamora in Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3. Morgan’s other main co-star Nicole is a fellow Oscar winner, most recently appearing in Being the Ricardos and The Northman. Rounding out the cast as series regulars will be Dave Annable, Jill Wagner, LaMonica Garrett, James Jordan, Austin Hébert, Jonah Wharton, Stephanie Nur and Hannah Love Lanier. Dave and LaMonica will be familiar names to Yellowstone fans, having both appeared across Taylor’s Western franchise. The mainline series is currently halfway through the fifth season, whilst 1923 is set to return in early February. Taylor is also producing more seasons of Tulsa King and The Mayor of Kingstown, as well as a new project starring Billy Bob Thornton titled Land Man. A release date for Lioness is yet to be announced, though more details are expected to emerge throughout the year. Yellowstone season 5 returns to the Paramount Network in the USA and Paramount+ in the UK in Summer 2023.