 The book, Spare, hit the shelves - and flew off them - last week. The pages contained revelations and claims about his family, all of which have not been addressed by the palace. But, in a column piece for the New Zealand Herald, royal commentator Daniela Elser wrote that the couple have seemingly collected the "lowest figures on record" in the latest YouGov poll. Ms Elser wrote: "Those hard workers over at YouGov have been at it though, polling Brits to find out how they are currently feeling about the House of Windsor. The numbers paint a grim picture for anyone with a personal cipher, notably William and Kate." She added: "Their net favourability sits at 49 percent for the Prince and 50 percent for the Princess. The lowest figures on record for the duo since polling started in 2011." She made a note that William's popularity is "70 percent positive and 21 percent negative" and Kate's is 68 percent positive and 18 percent negative". In her piece, aside from Harry's book, the Prince and Princess of Wales' popularity has not been helped by the couple "finding themselves at the centre of a crisis about race", the commentator said. Referring to the couple's visit to the Caribbean in March 2022, she added that they are also "being forced to come face-to-face with the ghosts of the UK's colonial past and ties to slavery". Ms Elser also claimed that the couple also "struggled to achieve significant cut-through with their legacy projects", making note to Earthshot Prize and the Early Years Foundations. These were all in in the background while Harry and Meghan began to air their concerns and experiences publicly. READ MORE: Prince William 'has come to terms he's lost Prince Harry possibly for life', insider says Aside from the popularity of the couple, Ms Elser also pointed out the "marginal drops" in the amount of people who are still in favour of the monarchy and who believe the institution is a "good thing for Britain". This fell from 62 percent to, most recently, 59 percent. Speaking of William and Kate, Ms Elser claimed that their success won't be measured on "how they perform in the near future or how big crowds will be when they roll up to open a new hospital ward", it'll be what "historians will be saying about them in the 22nd century". Prior to the death of the late Queen, Kate and William held the titles of Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. They were bestowed the Prince and Princess of Wales titles following the late Queen's death in September 2022. DON'T MISS Shortly before Queen Elizabeth II's death, the couple moved, along with their three children, from London to Windsor. The family-of-five settled into their new home, Adelaide Cottage. It was the first time that all three of their children, nine-year-old Prince George, seven-year-old Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, four, were set to attend the same school.