A cleaning company has launched a fundraiser in a bid to help give a man a fresh start, and deep clean his neglected home. The man, who is said to have struggled with mental health issues and alcoholism, is taking action to change his behaviour. The Sleek Easy Clean is a Somerset-based company that specialises in biohazardous cleaning. The company is donating its services to help the individual so that when he returns from rehab next month, he will be able to start a fresh new chapter in sobriety in a tidy environment. Speaking to BristolLive, Laura Summers, from The Sleek Easy Clean, said the man reached out to them to improve his quality of life and clear the mess from his home. However, as the transformation is taking place over just five days, she has launched a GoFundMe to help cover the costs of a skip, as well as furniture, building work, a new kitchen, bathroom, flooring, heating and painting. In total, she hopes to raise £2,000 and is also seeking donations of furniture and materials from individuals and local businesses. She said the man has agreed to share his story anonymously, and the company hopes that doing so will help spread awareness for other people who are struggling. Ms Summers said: "Since posting about the fundraiser, we've had a couple of people message and say they're in the same situation and seeing that has made them feel like they're not alone. And they've been able to reach out through that. "Obviously, a lot more people are actually living like this than what we actually realised. But they're not alone; a lot of people are struggling with mental health. "[This individual] is trying to better himself, trying to get himself out of addiction and obviously battling with severe mental health. I think he's just trying to overcome that and just have a better quality of life."  The Sleek Easy Clean is well-versed in transforming dilapidated properties and their occupants' lives at the same time. Ms Summers said it's a gratifying job and one the company takes very seriously, following up with clients multiple times after the initial deep clean to help them with maintenance. Ms Summers said one of the most rewarding parts of doing these types of cleans is "seeing the client's face when they go back into their home". She added: "The feeling you get from them, the emotions that you can feel from them. It's just an amazing, amazing feeling, to be honest with you." In a post on The Sleek Easy Clean's Facebook, the company said: "Our transformations do not only restore a property but also give the owner/tenant a better shot at life. It opens the door for them to have visits from family and friends. You no longer have to live in shame. "Our clients are so grateful to have us there, especially when the weight is lifted from their shoulders."  Images of some of the company's projects can be seen on their Facebook page, including the one below from August, when The Sleek Easy Clean helped a Somerset man who began hoarding after losing his family in a car crash seven years ago. Donations to the current GoFundMe can be made here, and anyone wishing to donate furniture and materials can contact the company at thesleekeasyclean@gmail.com.