On New Year’s Day, Camilla wore a special brooch that hints not only at one of her passions, but also at two members of the Royal Family. The brooch was the ‘Minoru’ horseshoe-shaped brooch. She has worn this many times before, with Sunday, January 1, being the most recent occasion. On New Year’s Day, Camilla attended a service at the Church of St Mary Magdalene on the Sandringham estate in Norfolk. The Royal Family spent both Christmas and New Year’s Eve at Sandringham, although Kate and William were seen with their children in Lapland, Finland, during the holidays. The whole family attended a church service on Christmas Day, and Camilla was pictured at the same church again on New Year’s Day. For the occasion, she donned a Max Mara ‘Manuela Belted Coat’, which currently retails for a huge £1,860. READ MORE: Kate Middleton is called a different name by Queen Letizia of Spain She combined this with her trusty suede knee-high black boots, a pair of black leather gloves, and an eye-catching brooch. The brooch was horseshoe-shaped and emblazoned with the word ‘Minoru’. The brooch itself was gold, while the letters contained tiny diamonds. Between each letter was a precious stone – four sapphires and three rubies. This was not the first time Camilla wore the brooch this year. She was seen at Ascot in November with the jewel pinned to her green coat.  Diamond expert Maxwell Stone of jewellers Steven Stone has shared his professional analysis of the brooch, as well as his estimation of the jewel’s value. He said: “Featuring diamonds, rubies and sapphires, Camilla’s brooch is certainly an impressive piece. “The diamond-set letters spell out ‘Minoru’, which was one of King Edward VII’s most successful racehorses – making it a particularly sentimental jewel. “Though how the brooch fell into Camilla’s possession is unknown, press clippings from the time period of Minoru’s victories in the early 1900’s state that King Edward VII commissioned several jewel-studded scarf pins, which makes the Queen Consort’s brooch an incredibly historic piece.” READ MORE: Kitty Spencer 'bans' scales at home - despite remarkable weight loss Maxwell went on to explain how the brooch is also a subtle nod towards two members of the Royal Family – Princess Anne and Princess Charlotte. This is because these royals are passionate about horses too and have similar brooches to Camilla’s. The expert said: “Camilla’s not the first member of the Royal Family to pay homage to her love of horses through jewellery, with Princess Anne frequently accessorising with a gold horse brooch. “In tribute to her great grandmother, Princess Charlotte also recently wore a brooch in the shape of a horseshoe to Queen Elizabeth II’s funeral. “With all of this in mind, I’d estimate Camilla’s brooch to be worth approximately $15,000,” Maxwell added. This is currently equivalent to £12,573, making the brooch worth a whopping sum. Another accessory Camilla wore on New Year’s Day was the £295 navy DeMellier London ‘Mini Venise’ handbag – the exact same version previously carried by Meghan back in 2018. The Duchess of Sussex carried the forest green version of the handbag when out on a royal engagement. The bag’s description says: “A press favourite, the Mini Venice is as cute as it is practical. Crafted in luxurious cowhide leather, this little gem is lightweight, making it perfect for long days out. Choose to wear it over the shoulder, cross-body or by its ladylike handle.”