The Yellowstone prequel 1923 saw Liz get badly injured after she was caught up in a shootout in the latest episode. As the fiancée of Jack Dutton (Darren Mann), she was determined to survive so the pair could marry. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about whether the Paramount star is married off-screen. Michelle Randolph's character has been through a lot in 1923 as she feared she would lose her soulmate. She nearly broke up with Jack after finding out he had to postpone their wedding so he could tend to the cattle. However, deciding to embrace his way of life, she fell more in love with him than ever before. The couple even broke their celibacy by sleeping together before their wedding day. Although the star is not married in real life, she does have a boyfriend. READ MORE: 1923 family tree shows how Spencer Dutton is related to John Dutton The actress and model is in a relationship with British actor Gregg Sulkin, having first got together in 2018. Back in April 2019, Sulkin took to Instagram to announce his family had met Randolph for the first time.   "Last night also marked a year since we met. Time really does fly when you’re having fun." [Sic] Sulkin was born in London in 1992, which makes him 30 years old. There is a five-year age gap between him and his 25-year-old partner. Sulkin is best known for his roles in As the Bell Rings and Wizards of Waverly Place. He became an American citizen in the same year that he started his relationship with Randolph. The star's most recent projects include the series World on Fire and the Film Oh, Boy! DON'T MISS... 1923 star shares exposes ‘unspoken’ rule between Duttons [INSIGHT] All you need to know about Spencer Dutton in 1923 [EXPLAINER] Yellowstone 1923 family tree explained as Jacob and Cara Dutton appear [INSIGHT] In September 2022, the actor paid tribute to his partner on her birthday. He wrote on Instagram: "The first birthday in 5 years we aren’t celebrating together but that’s because you’re a superstar and killing it on your new show. "You deserve the world and I am so excited to see what the next year brings for you. Happy birthday angel." At the start of their relationship, Randolph took to Instagram to make their relationship official. The actress has previously starred in The Undertaker's Wife and The Resort. Viewers may also recognise her from 5 Years Apart, A Snow White Christmas and House of the Witch. The star has already landed two new roles, in The Throwback and Chasing Nightmares, which are both in post-production. Her main role in 1923 will certainly act as a springboard to some huge projects.  1923 airs on Sundays and Mondays on Paramount Plus.