Prince Harry saw it in with yet another 'whinge' interview where, in a sneak peak, he says his family is unwilling to reconcile with him and is happy for him and Meghan to be seen as the villains. Er... maybe that’s because they are the villains. It’s no damn wonder his family don’t want to reconcile with him because for the last two years, he and his dear wife have accused them of racism, cruelty, lies, jealousy... and they’ve done it all for money – lots of it! Does Harry really think all that, together with the damage that’s been done to the reputation of the Monarchy and the people in it – can just be brushed under the carpet? Forgotten – like it never happened? Does he think the hurt he’s caused his brother, his father, or to Kate can just be ignored? Doesn’t he understand the multi-millions he’s made off their backs aren’t just tainted but will forever be a barrier to any REAL relationship he can have with his family in the future? If indeed there ever is one. How can he sit there with his ITV mate, Tom Bradby and bleat that his family don’t want to talk to him? Of course, they don’t because every time they do – it’s sold and splattered across various TV stations. This foolish man talks about reconciliation having done TWO interviews over Christmas – again bad-mouthing his family and promoting his new book Spare. So, this isn’t about reconciliation. It’s about money and self-interest. “It never had to be like this,” drones Harry to Bradby. No, it didn’t. But he's the one who made it like this. He and Megan are the ones who sat down with Oprah to trash and blacken the names and reputations of the royal family. Two years of them drip-dripping poison has done real damage to the Monarchy and the people in it, and it may take years to heal - if it ever does. And the man who caused it all sits there and bleats that his family don’t want to talk to him. “I’d like my Father and my brother back,” he says to Bradby – in a manner that was so menacing, so aggressive it suggests he doesn’t want them back at all. His anger is there for all the world to see. But I’m wondering what exactly has he got to be angry about. What the Hell have his family done apart from behaving like saints in the face of two years of vicious attacks? Not once has anyone hit back or said anything cruel or even critical of Harry and his wife. Maybe that’s what’s annoying him – the fact the family hasn’t reacted. Is Harry furious that it looks like they’ve all just written him off and are managing perfectly well without him and Meghan? Did he really expect King Charles and Wills to beg him to come back and give him and Meghan the “half in, half out” royal roles they wanted?  In his mixed-up head did he imagine him and Meghan would be made a “special case” and that the rules and the constitution would be changed to accommodate them? Well now it’s been made clear they’re pretty much surplus to requirements. More than that it’s also clear that the royals are actually better off without two of the richest, most privileged people on the planet forever moaning that they’re “victims.” But even in the few snippets of this interview, we’ve seen it’s Harry’s delusion that’s so disturbing. If he wants his family back so badly, has it not occurred to him that for that to happen, he has to stop selling stories about them for money? He has to stop hurting and trashing them. He has to stop trying to pull down the Institution to which they have devoted their lives. And he has to stop accusing Buckingham Palace of planting stories about him and Megan when everyone in the media knows these two are no strangers to doing that. Does Harry really not understand that everything that’s happened to him is 100 percent down to him? And if he really wants his Father and his brother back – which I don’t for a second think he does - it’s HIM who’s got to do the grovelling and apologising not them. But of course, he won’t because in his warped mind, he’s done nothing wrong. I’ll tell you what I think. I don’t think Harry wants his dad or his brother back at all. He’s just aware that neither he nor Meghan came out of the recent Netflix docu-series very well. He also knows that the US is finally starting to see him and Meghan for what they are - a couple making a living out of trying to destroy the royal family and people Stateside are getting a bit bored with it.  So, in this latest interview (he’s also done one for CBS) he’s trying to make out that he misses his dad and his brother - both of whom he could have got back in a heartbeat if he’d gone to them privately and apologised for his cruelty. The timing of this interview with Bradby is crucial because it airs on Sunday - two days before the publication of his book. Spare. So, none of this is about reconciliation. It’s about money and self-interest and generating publicity for a book for which he’s been paid millions. I know there are some who feel sorry for Harry. But I refuse to feel sympathy for a 38-year-old man who has been the architect of his own downfall, a man who is one of the most privileged people on earth but who still plays the victim and at nearly 40 still blames his Daddy and his brother for the mess he is making of his life. 