England boss Gareth Southgate has admitted he needed his family to convince him to stay on as Three Lions boss after considering leaving his post in the aftermath of the World Cup in Qatar. The 52-year-old has been in charge of the national team since 2016, and has led them to a World Cup semi-final and quarter-final and a European Championship final. Following England's agonising last-eight defeat to France in December, however, Southgate appeared to tempted to call it a day, despite his contract running until 2024. Speaking to ITV News, he has now lifted the lid on just how close he came to walking away - and how his family made all the difference. “They left Doha saying you've got to give this one more go and try to get this trophy,” he said. The former Middlesbrough boss also revealed he was close to announcing World Cup 2022 would be his final one before the tournament began following a disastrous Nations League campaign which saw fans turn on him for the first time. He added: "There was negativity about me being in charge and the last thing I wanted was for that to be the over-arching feeling going into a World Cup when you need the fans and everybody behind the team. You need that energy; you need that sense of togetherness.  “And if the debate was only going to be about finding flaws in what we were doing, in order that I go at the end, then that would have been very difficult for the team to perform at their best. “I don't think anybody would choose to walk over at the end of a game and get abuse, but I've also been in football long enough to know that. I can deal with it, and you've got to lead your players through those moments as well. I don't think anybody could say they enjoy it, but it also isn't going to determine exactly what I do and what I don't do. “There will always be the thought that somebody else could do things differently and I'm not going to affect people's thinking on that until we actually go and win something. So, I've got to close myself off from that noise and accept it’s going to happen. “I’m in a job with the chance to make some history and I have the privilege of leading the national team. It's been an unbelievable experience. I think we've made progress with the team across the years we've been in charge, and I'm determined to try and drive the team that next step."  Southgate also hinted that he feels some of the players did not truly believe they could beat France before their quarter-final, and thinks that change of mentality is what is needed for England to go from nearly men to winners. “I think now we're in a different landscape to any previous England team I guess, because of the success we've had," he continued. "In our own minds winning is probably the only thing that's going to fulfil us. “The performance against France has shown the players if they didn't believe it before, which I still wonder whether they truly believed that before the game, but coming off the field they know that is a game they could win and should have won.”