Blood stains are tricky to remove as they can quickly become permanent. The reason blood stains are hard to remove is because the haemoglobin in blood causes it to clot when exposed to air. The clotting ability binds to any surface making it difficult to remove from fabric and clothing. Luckily, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their simple solution for removing blood stains from fabrics. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. READ MORE: ‘Ideal temperature’ to avoid condensation, damp and mould in your home On one such group, Patricia Morris asked: “Any tips on taking blood out of a shirt? Tried Pink Stuff, Vanish and salt. Vinegar, washed twice.” The post was inundated with responses but the most popular suggestion was to use cold water and soap. Angela Gibson said: “Soak in cold water with salt works every time.” Emma McDonald replied: “Cold water and salt.” Hannah Jane Duxbury agreed and wrote: “Cold water and salt. Soak for 24 hours then wash.” DON'T MISSTurn white shirts 'bright again' and 'as good as new' with simple hack [INSIGHT]How to clean a headboard - the 3 steps [UPDATE]'Common sign' your bath mat needs washing to banish 'harmful mould' [ANALYSIS] Danielle Jade Skinner suggested: “Cold water and salt.” Georgina Chandler posted: “Always soak blood stains in cold salt water before washing. Any heat sets the stain.” Gemma Eady wrote: “Salt and cold water usually.” Lynda Scally agreed: “Salt normally does the trick.” Table salt can be found in most homes but for those who don’t have any, it can be bought at most local supermarkets. Morrisons Table Salt and Asda Table Salt costs 65p. Cook With M&S Table Salt costs 45p. READ MORE: Best ingredient to 'soak up bad odours' in an empty fridge Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Tesco Cooking Salt costs £1.45 for 1.5kg. Saxa Table Salt costs 80p from Asda. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using cold water, Cif cream, egg white, Elbow Grease, Ace laundry bleach and Vanish soap. Louise McNamara Kelly said: “Might be too late now, for future cold water and dab with a cloth. Chances are you’ve now fixed it into the fabric.” Donna Taylor commented: “Cif cream and a little water.” Helen McNulty suggested: “Egg white. Rub in dry and wash out.” Emma Stewart replied: “Elbow Grease (the yellow bottle) is brilliant at lifting blood stains.” Patricia Bradley wrote: “Yellow Elbow Grease, spray loads on, leave 15 minutes then wash.” Sue Holroyd said: “Ace laundry bleach in the green bottle, works without fail for blood stains.” Sarah Stead wrote: “As you’ve already washed it, try contact lens solution - hydrogen peroxide.” Lynne Hammer posted: “Vanish soap. Rub it on the area. Then leave for 10 minutes. Then rinse it off with cold water.”