Brexit was and still is a good decision. No ifs, no buts. It gives us freedom to choose our own destiny, a platform of opportunity. It is our chance to make the whole of the United Kingdom great again. However, inexplicably, the Consocialist Tory government has utterly failed to seize this potential. We all battled so hard to get it across the line in 2019, when all seemed nearly lost. Thanks to the Brexit Party, we ensured that Brexit actually happened. Yet many are left wondering what is was all for. Despite having a large majority, the Tories have failed to take back control of anything – failed to control and protect our borders, failed to create growth by cutting taxes, failed to cut unproductive burdensome EU regulations. They have allowed Northern Ireland to suffer at the hands of the EU’s nitpicking with the appalling Protocol and are in the process of yet further compromise that will make matters worse. They sold the fishing community down the river as part of the transition deal and show little interest in resolving issues. The good news is this can still be rescued and made a success of. But only Reform UK, formerly the Brexit Party, is committed to doing this. We are the only party capable of doing this. We have the clear, bold policies to stop the boats, employing the successful tactics used by Australia. We do not need more laws to do this, we can use existing laws with political courage and the will to make it happen. The Tories are incapable of this; many of them do not want to and they are in awe of unproductive, disloyal civil servants who pursue their own separate agenda. We must declare a national security threat, leave the European Court of Human Rights, and confirm the zero illegal migrants will be resettled in the UK. We must also set up a new Department for Immigration staffed by people who actually believe in controlling legal immigration and stopping illegal crossings. If we set up offshore processing centres on British Overseas Territories and pick up and take back illegal migrants to France, which we are allowed to do under international law, then this will stop the boats. People are tired of warm words and no action from the Tories ; there is always an excuse, always a promise something will be done. But it never happens. Enough is enough. We also have to make work pay. We can free up six million people from paying income tax by lifting the starting point from £12,500 per year to £20,000 per year, putting £30 per week back into people’s pay packets. This will help ease the cost of living crisis for everyone and help motivate many back into work and off the benefits lists. Benefits savings and cutting vast swathes of wasteful Government spending will fund these plans. We are free out of the EU also to cut VAT and environmental levies but again the Tories have failed to do so? Why? We can slash the vast mountain of EU regulations that slow our growth and damage small businesses, the engine of our economy. Again the Tories have done nothing here. Indeed a sensible plan to ditch up to 4,000 such laws by end of 2023 is in the process of being delayed by the civil servants who claim it is all too much trouble and they need until 2026! Again the Tories are just rolling over to this demand. If I was in charge with a team of 10 we would have this sorted in a matter of months. It just takes a “can do” get-things-done attitude. What the civil servants want to do is kick the can down the road in the hope that a Labour Government would want to retain all this bureaucracy. These are just some of the Brexit opportunities that are still there for the taking. Only Reform UK has the clear political will, conviction and know how to make them happen. But never let anyone put you in any doubt: Brexit was the right decision.