Thanasi Kokkinakis reacted in bitter rage to being called for a time violation while waiting for a spectator to be quiet during his match against Andy Murray, even using the Brit during his argument with the official. The Australian Open draw had significantly opened up for Murray heading into his match against Kokkinakis following Casper Ruud and Alejandro Davidoch Fokina's surprise exits in the second round. Having beaten Matteo Berrettini in a five-set thriller on Tuesday, Murray would have come in against Kokkinakis with confidence. But the Aussie also got his tournament off to a strong start against Fabio Fognini, dropping just five games in the entire match. And he took that momentum into the Margaret Court Arena against Murray, quickly racing to a two-set lead. He then broke early in the third set to put him on the verge of a stunning victory. However, Kokkinakis' rhythm was somewhat broken during his second service game with the score at deuce. Just as he was about to start his serving motion, the umpire called a time violation on the Aussie.  It sparked a furious reaction from Kokkinakis, who went over to exchange some heated words with the official. And the 26-year-old jibed that the only reason the umpire gave him a time violation was due to one she gave Murray earlier in the match. "No mate, what are you doing," he moaned to the umpire. "I'm waiting! What is that s***? You cannot call that while I'm waiting for a caller. "I was there, I waited. He said something, I go again. You're just saying that because you feel bad about his. That's 100 per cent... What's the problem then? "You're not waiting for s***. I'm waiting for him to stop talking. What are you talking about?" The Australian-heavy crowd were clearly on the side of Kokkinakis throughout the exchange as they booed the umpire. The match finally got back underway with Kokkinakis still seething from the heated row. And, in a miraculous couple of minutes later, Murray broke Kokkinakis in one of the most spectaculor points of the tournament. The former British No 1 somehow continued to stay in the point despite several smash attempts from Kokkinakis before the Aussie dropped his shot into the net, chucking his racket onto the ground in anger.