Yellowstone’s latest season five episode, titled A Knife and No Coin, saw John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) make a request of Monica Dutton (Kelsey Asbille) while he also lent support to an unexpected friend. Meanwhile, Jamie Dutton (Wes Bentley) went through with his plans to impeach for his father. As the end credits rolled, a title card appeared, which read: “In Loving Memory of Dr. Glenn Blodgett. Horse Division Manager at The 6666 Ranch.” Dr Glenn Blodgett played an important role in the care of the horses at the 6666 ranch in Texas, which was often shown in season four. Fans saw a sneak peek at the ranch when Jimmy Hurdstrom (Jefferson White) was sent to 6666 to train to be a cowboy. John Dutton ordered the ranch hand to learn how to ride a horse and act like a real cowboy instead of performing at rodeos. READ MORE: Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again It was here that Jimmy finally found peace and fell for vet Emily (Kathryn Kelly). Jimmy was set to return to the Yellowstone ranch but after getting a blessing from John, he returned to 6666 to live with Emily. Behind the scenes, Dr Glenn cared for the horses at the ranch, providing medical care and training. Dr Glenn died on November 22, 2022 and as been in the Texas Cowboy Hall of Fame and Texas Horse Racing Hall of Fame. He played a vital role in the breeding of American Quarter Horses at the 6666 ranch, where he has been since 1982. It’s not unusual for Yellowstone to pay tribute to those who have played an active role on the show. The sweet tribute to Dr Glenn means he will be remembered not just by those he worked with on Yellowstone but by fans of the Western. The title card will remain a key feature of episode eight even when it is repeated in coming years. DON'T MISS...Yellowstone fans rage at character's return in midseason finale [REACTION]Yellowstone season 5 episode 9 hasn't been filmed yet[INSIGHT]Yellowstone star Josh Lucas admits he initially wanted different role [INTERVIEW] The latest episode of Yellowstone marked the midseason finale with the series not set to return until later in the year. Paramount delivered the bittersweet news to fans confirmed it wouldn’t be back on screens until the summer. A trailer for the second half of the series has already been viewed over 130,000 times. Fans were disappointed by news of the long wait and took to Twitter to comment. Chantelle posted: “Ugh why do tv shows gotta have a mid season break for. We literally gotta wait 6 months for the second part of s5 of #YellowstoneTV . Might as just call it season 6.” Rachel tweeted: “#YellowstoneTV Really I have to wait till the Summer to find out the next plot twist. Imagine it.” Rebecca Monroe added: “Why @Yellowstone do I have to wait til the summer to see #bethdutton open a can of whoop a** on #jamiedutton? #YellowstoneTV #yellowstone.” Yellowstone seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Paramount Plus.