The UK must prepare itself for widespread heavy snow and freezing subzero lows over the next few days, according to meteorologists. Freezing conditions are expected to arrive across the nation this weekend. Independent forecaster WXCharts shows snowfall arriving in Scotland early on Saturday. More snow will then hit northern areas of England, Wales and the Midlands on Sunday, with flakes then falling further south from Monday to Wednesday. This will be accompanied by a sharp drop in temperatures with night time lows of -6C expected in the northernmost areas and daytime temperatures only reaching -1C in Inverness on Monday. Met Office meteorologist and presenter Aidan McGivern said: “Next week, the jet stream is a bit more amplified and it’s coming at the UK from the northwest rather than from the west like recent days. “This subtle change into the start of next week will see colder weather coming in and rather than prolonged bouts of rain from the west, we’re likely to see rain and showers coming from the northwest. “These showers from the north could fall as snow over the high parts of Scotland, northern England and Northern Ireland later in the weekend. "As we move through next week often below average temperatures could support a mixture of rain, hail sleet and snow." Some meteorologists believe several inches of snow could end up settling on the ground, potentially rivaling the harshest winter days of this century. James Madden, forecaster for Exacta Weather, warned: "There is the potential for what could be a widespread snow event across large parts of the country. "The snow is likely to hit northern regions first, but we now expect southern areas to see some snow within this period. "Further, the risk is increasing of snowfall which could produce similar images to the historic snow events of 2009 and 2010." He added that the snowfall would be likely to cause disruption on roads and travel networks. Today's forecast for Exacta Weather reads: "Starting cloudy for many with showers and some longer spells of rain. "Many areas becoming drier and brighter through the day, with showers becoming confined to northern areas. "Morning gales moderating but staying windy. "Most parts dry for a time but further outbreaks of rain moving northeastwards, heavy at times. Turning windy again with coastal gales."