After a thrilling episode, fans will be forced to wait a few weeks before NCIS Los Angeles returns to CBS. The network confirmed a major delay, to make way for the upcoming annual sporting events. The NCIS team were called into action after a park ranger discovered multiple dead bodies killed with an arrow and bow in the park. The agents sprung into action when they discovered the man responsible Tom Olsen (David Paul Olsen) was a former Navy SEAL, who had people after him. They soon learned he had been targeted by a group of men with guns while hunting game, therefore he defended himself with his crossbow. As a retired Navy SEAL, Tom had written books about his time undercover and since then someone had been trying to kill him. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan  During the investigation, agent Fatima (Medalion Rahimi) and Sabatino (Erik Palladino) learned there was a scene at Tom’s latest book signing. As the person was removed before Tom arrived, he didn’t know about the heckler but the agents identified him as Luke Austin (Gianni DeCenzo). Although this led to a dead end, Kensi (Daniela Ruah) and Hamilton (Bill Goldberg) were able to find Tom after he had taken down five of the gunmen. Towards the end of the case, the team learned Tom became a target after murdering a gun dealer who had ties to terrorism. Although the gripping case came to a successful end, fans will have to wait a while before they see their favourite characters back in action. Viewers will be disappointed to learn NCIS Los Angeles will be delayed for at least two weeks. The drama won’t return in its usual Sunday slot as CBS will prepare for the highly anticipated NFL games. The following week January 29, the AFC championship games will dominate the network DON'T MISS...James Bulger’s mum ’in touching distance of getting justice’ [INSIGHT] NCIS season 20 dealt ratings blow with near-record low [INSIGHT]NCIS Los Angeles fans divided as Kilbride’s ex-wife joins series [INSIGHT] The earliest fans could expect to see NCIS Los Angeles back on screens is February 5, however, the 65th annual Grammys are also scheduled to take place on the same day. Despite this possibility, there’s no guarantee the drama will return as the annual Super Bowl will make a comeback to determine the NFL league champions. With these major interruptions set to take place, it’s likely CBS will delay procedural show until February 19. While the hiatus will undoubtedly anger some fans, they can be rest assured the rest of the season will contain major storylines. This includes Anna Kolchek's (Bar Paly) and Callens’ (Chris O’Donnell) wedding. The pair got engaged during the season 13 finale and when the show returned preparations were in full swing until Callen aired his concerns. Operations Manager Hetty Lange ( Linda Hunt) has been mysteriously AWOL and as she had taken Callen in when he was a youngster, he wanted her at the wedding. Although Hetty briefly returned with a voice message during the three-way crossover event, she is still yet to make an appearance on screens.  NCIS Los Angeles season 14 is available to stream on CBS in the US. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 