Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher was left red-faced by Ibrahima Konate after his performance in the 3-1 defeat to Brentford on Monday. The France defender struggled in west London after the pundit had heaped praise on him before the match. Konate was named in the Liverpool side for the first time since returning from the World Cup. He came in to replace Joel Matip from the win over Leicester to partner Virgil van Dijk. However, he had a game to forget at the Gtech Community Stadium. Brentford opened the scoring when Konate turned into his own net from a corner in the 19th minute. It was unfortunate for the 23-year-old, who didn't see the ball until late. But it didn't get much better for him during the remaining minutes in the first half. Liverpool were bombarded by a host of set-pieces from Brentford, who had two goals ruled out for offside before they eventually scored a second. Yoane Wissa was free in the box and his header just crept over the line to make it 2-0 despite the desperate efforts of Alisson. READ MORE: Man Utd 'to make £53m offer for Kolo Muani' as player's stance emerges  Konate and the whole Liverpool defence were often at sea. After Liverpool had pulled a goal back early in the second half, Konate was at fault for Brentford's third.  He was outmuscled by Bryan Mbeumo, who sealed the win for Thomas Frank's side. And Konate's showing left Carragher red-faced following his pre-match comments. The pundit had waxed lyrically about the former RB Leipzig star. He claimed Konate had leapfrogged Matip as the first-choice partner for Van Dijk. Carragher said on Sky Sports: "I think that's the future and I don’t think it’s the future, I think it’s the right now. That is Liverpool’s two best centre backs, I think he was very unfortunate not to play in the World Cup final. "Didier Deschamps went with (Dayot) Upamecano, I think it should have been Konate, I think whenever he played for France at the tournament he was outstanding. DON'T MISSGuardiola hints at training ground issues as Man City trio continue to be left outRonaldo hands Man Utd parting gift with 'January loan' on the cardsMan Utd can give Fernandes his partner in crime with stunning deal available  "He was brilliant in the Champions League final last season if you remember, against Real Madrid, and I think Liverpool have got a top player on their hands there, him and Virgil van Dijk right now is the best that Liverpool can go." Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp made three substitutes at half-time in an attempt to turn the game around. Konate remained on the pitch but Van Dijk made way for Matip. Harvey Elliott and Kostas Tsimikas were also replaced by Naby Keita and Andy Robertson. The Scotland left-back was not risked from the start due to a hip injury picked up in training.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here