Actor Julian Sands has been missing in the California mountains for almost a week in "extremely dangerous" conditions. The 65-year-old was reported missing by his family on Friday after disappearing during a trek in the Mount Baldy area of the San Gabriel Mountains.   The dad-of-three's car has been located in woodland near Mount Baldy, which is considered one of the most dangerous climbs in the US and is 40 miles from the centre of Los Angeles. Two other hikers have recently died on the range. "Please know the current conditions on Mt Baldy are adverse and extremely dangerous. Due to the high winds, the snow has turned to ice making hiking extremely dangerous," authorities warned. San Bernardino Sheriff's Department said Mr Sands, who starred in Oscar-nominated A Room With A View with Helena Bonham Carter, was reported missing at 7.30pm PST (3.30am UK time) on Friday, January 13. The department's search and rescue crews have been hampered by the severe weather battering California. At an elevation of 1,278m, Mount Baldy is a similar size to the UK's highest mountain, Ben Nevis (1,345m elevation). There is an extreme risk of avalanches, which authorities are recommending the public avoid. "We continue to search by helicopter and drones when the weather permits," a statement from San Bernardino Sheriff's Department said.   Police said that ground searches for Mr Sands would be conducted as weather conditions improved. They urged hikers to "think twice and heed warnings" before heading out to trek in the area. The latest in a series of storms to create dangerous mountain conditions swept into Southern California on Friday and lasted through the weekend. "The recent storms that brought the snow and ice conditions are not favourable for hikers, even those that feel they have a high level of experience," the police department said. Police added that they had conducted 14 rescue operations on Mt Baldy and in the surrounding area in the last four weeks. READ MORE: Hollywood elite mocking Harry must be 'hard to swallow'  Authorities also said they were searching for another hiker, Bob Gregory, who was reported missing on Monday in the San Gabriel mountains. Representatives for Sands, an English-born actor who now lives in North Hollywood, did not immediately reply to emails seeking comment or further details. Sands has had a decades long career appearing in TV and film. He has also appeared in hit show Smallville, biological drama The Killing Fields and Leaving Las Vegas. He grew up in Yorkshire but has lived in Los Angeles since 2020 with his wife Evgenia Citkowitz, an author and journalist. He has three adult children. 