Emmerdale has released some first-look images from tonight's episode which will see Kyle Winchester (played by Huey Quinn) being taken away from Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) and his mum Amy Wyatt (Natalie Ann Jamieson). It will be an emotional moment for the Dingles, but in an unexpected turn, Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) will also be freed from prison. Towards the end of Wednesday night's episode, Moira and Cain's marriage looked like it was on the rocks. As the pair spoke on the phone, the mechanic blamed Moira for roping in his half-brother Caleb Miligan (Will Ash) to help them. Cain fumed that his wife should never have trusted Caleb in the first place. Moira sobbed on the phone as she told the bad boy that Kyle would be taken away. READ MORE: Carole Malone fumes Harry 'should be banned' from 'every' royal event "I warned you, Moira I told you not to trust Caleb," Cain raged. "I am sorry," Moira cried before adding: "His [Caleb] team still think they might get him a non-custodial sentence." "Where is he now?" Cain asked as Moira replied: "Here's back here with me but he'll be taken to a local children's home tomorrow?" An unhappy Cain shouted: "He wouldn't be going anywhere if Caleb hadn't made him confess, would he? "I went to prison for that man once and now he's having my son sent down." The Dingle favourite became so angry he ended up hanging up the phone, leaving Moira crying down the other end. However, Thursday night's instalment will see the couple reunite, but how will Cain react when he realises Kyle has left the village? Will their marriage be able to get past Moira's betrayal, and could Cain seek revenge on Caleb? DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Sue Cleaver distracts viewers with transformation [REACTION]A Place in the Sun buyer breaks down as she details heartbreak  [VIDEO]Emmerdale family torn apart after Matty betrayal [SPOILERS] The first-look images show the family gathering as they say an emotional goodbye to Kyle, who is seen driving away from the village in a taxi. Another shows the aftermath of the farewell where Moira is left sobbing her eyes out and Cain watches on in the distance. The mechanic hadn't seen his half-brother since they were teenagers, which is when Cain lied and told Caleb their mother had died. However, Caleb decided to try and reconnect with his family after realising Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter) had died from cancer more recently - and not 30 years ago as Cain told him.  The newcomer has tried to build a relationship with Chas (Lucy Pargeter) and even paid Cain a visit in prison. Despite Cain warning Caleb away, Moira and Amy put their trust in him to help Kyle. Although, it seems Caleb persuaded Kyle to confess to the police, and no one is sure if he can be trusted. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.