Pep Guardiola could be set to continue his overhaul at Manchester City into deadline day with Bernardo Silva reportedly the next star on the verge of leaving ahead of the January window closing. Shock reports emerged on Monday that Joao Cancelo was heading out on loan following a supposed training ground bust-up with Guardiola. TRANSFER DEADLINE DAY LIVE Bayern Munich are set to complete the loan signing of the Portugal international until the end of the season. Cancelo will be the latest member of Guardiola's squad to leave over the past 12 months who were previously seen as key players at City. Raheem Sterling, Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko left last summer while Ferran Torres completed a move to Barcelona a year ago. It's been clear in recent years that City have been looking to slowly overhaul their playing squad with many reaching the twilight years of their careers. All have played a huge part in City's success over the past few years, but Guardiola has shown a willingness to give youth more of a chance this season with players such as Rico Lewis, Cole Palmer and Sergio Gomez featuring regularly. Erling Haaland, Julian Alvarez and Phil Foden are seen as the young superstars set to lead City into the next phase with more future stars expected to be signed in the summer.  And it appears as though Cancelo's exit on deadline day may not be the only departure from the Etihad. According to Portuguese journalist Pedro Almeida, Silva 'can also leave' City heading into deadline day. It's said that Silva would likely leave on a similar deal to that of Cancelo, joining a club on a short-term loan with an option to buy. The Portugal international had pushed to leave City back in 2021 as he "wanted to be closer to my family". “I was feeling a little bit alone at the time in England and I wasn’t very happy with my life,” he said back in March 2022. “And if you’re not happy, you don’t do your job as well as you do when you are happy.  "I was well physically, but if you don’t do your job with a smile on your face, you’re not going to do it as well." He added that his request to leave City had nothing to do with the club or Guardiola. "I love Manchester City. I love my team-mates, I love the fans, I love the club. Afterwards, nothing happened. I stayed, and I will always give my best for this club as long as I stay here," he said. But the 28-year-old could be set to have his long-term wish granted in the final hours of the January transfer window. It's not clear where Silva could go, but clubs in Spain and Portugal have been touted as possible destinations.