Paul Laidlaw was first welcomed to the team of experts on the BBC in 2006, where he would regularly appear on Bargain Hunt, Antiques Road Trip and Flog It!. When he isn't on TV, helping guests sell their valuable items, he is doing so at his auction house, Laidlaw Auctioneers and Valuers. Here's all there is to know about Paul Laidlaw. Antiques expert Paul Laidlaw was born in July 1967 which means he is now 55 years old. The star is roughly the same age as the rest of his co-stars who are also aged in the 40s and 50s. Charles Hanson is 45, Jonathan Pratt about 49, and Kate Bliss is believed to be 48. The expert thought to be closest in age to Laidlaw is Mark Stacey, aged 58. READ MORE: Prince Andrew is 'using 'Harry's attacks' to 'clear his name' Few details are known about Laidlaw's private life as he prefers to keep his loved ones out of the spotlight. But it is known the Bargain Hunt star is married to Maureen Laidlaw who he reportedly met years prior when they worked on a project together. They were in a long-term relationship before getting married, although it isn't known when they got hitched. Laidlaw and his wife now reside in Carlisle, which is on the border with Cumbria, with their daughter and twin sons. Talking about what he gets up to away from the BBC series, Laidlaw explained how he spends as much time going on adventures with his family as he can. He said: "When I’m not being an antiques anorak, all I want to do is have fun with my family. "Rounders in the park, pitch-and-putt at the golf course, walking in the Lakes, hi-jinks at the pool, that’s happy me. Oh, and cooking." Long-term fans of the show will remember when Laidlaw was at the heart of an unforgettable deal. DON'T MISS...GB News fury as Andrew's ex details how Giuffe photo was 'faked' [REACTION]Charles Hanson is among the tallest of the Bargain Hunt stars [CAST]Bargain Hunt's Natasha astonished by 500-year old painting mystery [SPOILER] In 2017, Laidlaw purchased a rare antique camera for just £60 after finding it in Margate, Kent. When he inspected the device closely, he believed it was a primitive subminiature camera. Photographic experts confirmed Paul’s 19th century find was one of Auguste Bertsch’s extremely rare Chambre Automatique cameras, meaning it was essentially a camera and a microscope. There was a frenzied series of bids in the auction room until it was sold for £20,000 to a private collector in Switzerland. Commenting on the surprisingly valuable item, co-star Kate Bliss said: “What an incredible result, I am so chuffed for Paul. “I really was shocked, when he bought it, he knew he bought a good thing, but I don’t think he realised. And he said ‘it looks like a camera’ but we didn’t know it was a camera.” Laidlaw added: “I’m over the moon. I am genuinely flabbergasted." He made a profit of £19,940 which all went to the charity Children in Need.