Manchester United could reportedly be at risk of being priced out of a January move for Atletico Madrid striker Joao Felix, who has also emerged as a target for the likes of Arsenal and Chelsea. Felix is widely expected to leave the Spanish capital this month after falling out with Diego Simeone and has recently been mentioned in connection with several Premier League clubs in the build-up to the mid-season window. The 23-year-old is thought to have emerged as a priority option for the Red Devils, who are on the lookout for at least one new forward after seeing long-term target Cody Gakpo join Liverpool following the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo at the end of last month. However, it seems as though Atletico's financial demands could ultimately force United to end their pursuit of Felix over the coming days.Those in power at Old Trafford have been told that a total package of £18.6million will be required to take Felix on loan until the end of the campaign, according to The Athletic. This figure includes a loan fee of around £13.3m, while the rest of the money will go towards paying the striker's wages throughout the second half of the season.United are said to have baulked at Atletico's asking price and consider a deal to be 'too expensive' as things stand, while Arsenal have also decided not to pursue a move for Felix under the current conditions. The Gunners are keen to bring him to the Emirates Stadium and believe that his arrival would be similar to the initial loan that saw Martin Odegaard reignite his career before joining on a permanent deal two years ago. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte tipped for Levy talks amid worries Arsenal need Atletico to lower their demands in order to stand any chance of reaching an agreement, though, with United also interested in doing a deal as long as Felix's valuation is reduced. Chelsea, meanwhile, are thought to be keeping a close eye on the situation but may end up diverting their focus elsewhere due to Graham Potter's desire to sign a more traditional centre-forward.Felix was chosen to start for Atletico in their match against Elche on Thursday and scored the opening goal of the game with a fine header after linking up with Antoine Griezmann. However, Atletico boss Simeone remained coy on the player's future when quizzed on the possibility of a January exit after the final whistle by refusing to rule out any particular outcome between now and the end of the month. "I’ll say the same as always," said Simeone. "I think about the players who are with me in getting the best out of them for the team and for the club. What happens does not depend on me."Meanwhile, Atletico CEO Miguel Angel Gil Marin recently insisted that any bids for Felix will be considered if they meet the right criteria, telling reporters: "[Felix] is the biggest bet this club has taken in its history. I personally think he's a top talent, a world class player."For reasons it isn't worth getting into, the relationship between him and the boss, the minutes played, his motivation right now, it makes you think that the reasonable thing is that if there's an option that's good for the player, good for the club, we can look at it. I'd love him to stay personally, but I don't think that's the player's idea." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.