Newcastle are desperate to strengthen their midfield options in the January transfer window, and they are hopeful of pipping some of their rivals to their targets. Several options are being explored, with Eddie Howe favouring ‘Premier League-ready’ players. The Toon Army are currently third in the Premier League and just two points behind second-placed Manchester City, who have played one game less. Thus, this month’s window comes at the ideal time for Howe to bolster his ranks further and ensure that his side can make a long-awaited return to European football. Addressing the lack of quality depth in midfield has therefore quickly become Newcastle’s priority, with several options being explored. According to The Athletic, the Magpies have drawn up a five-man shortlist of players that could be approached before the end of the month. Brighton star Moises Caicedo is reportedly amongst those admired by the St James’ Park outfit, with the Ecuador international impressing so far this season and also at the Qatar World Cup. Liverpool are also thought to hold an interest in the 21-year-old, with Chelsea also keeping tabs on his situation. The Blues are also potentially set to see one of their transfer targets move elsewhere, with Ajax’s Edson Alvarez also on Newcastle’s shortlist. The Mexican was keen to make the move to Stamford Bridge over the summer but Chelsea appear to have now turned their back on the 25-year-old in favour of pursuing Enzo Fernandez in a deal worth at least £105million – potentially leaving the door open for Newcastle to make their approach. French duo Khepren Thuram, Nice, and Kouadio Kone, Borussia Monchengladbach, are also being considered. The midfielders are both 21 and seen as long-term options, though their price tags could also reflect that. The final midfielder on the Magpies’ shortlist is Leicester City’s Youri Tielemans. The Belgium international is out of contract at the end of the season and appears unlikely to further his stay at the King Power Stadium, forcing the Foxes to cash in on his services this month. The move for Tielemans would provide Howe’s side with a strong core, but also entice other transfer targets. Newcastle submitted several bids for James Maddison over the summer but were unable to persuade Leicester to part ways with the No 10, though the prospect of reuniting with Tielemans at a club competing for trophies could prompt the England international into forcing a move.