Mrs Hinch is a cleaning influencer with over four million followers on Instagram. She rose to fame thanks to the sharing of cleaning tips and tricks with her fans. Now, her fans are doing the same amongst each other - creating Facebook pages in her honour to help one another with various cleaning hacks. On one Facebook page, with over 100,000 members, one cleaning fan wanted to know how to clean her toilet bowl. Antonia Marston wrote: "We have recently moved into an older house and the bottom of the toilet is like this from previous tenants. "Any tips on how to deep clean it as we have tried usual products etc and want to avoid buying a new one?" The post was inundated with comments as other Mrs Hinch fans shared their tips and tricks. READ MORE: ‘Cheap’ kitchen staple to remove radiator rust ‘without damage’ Donna Sheen recommended using a simple but effective product called HG Toilet Cleaner Gel. She posted a picture of the product, with the caption: "For some reason it won’t let me share the link, but this is what I used and it was amazing." Emmajane McKilliop advised: "Empty it and poor coke down - leave it overnight and it should all be gone by morning." Gemma Davidson wrote: "Sounds silly but if you use a tub of Astonish clean and revive and hot water it will come up a dream. "Pour the whole tub in the toilet bowl, pour boiling hot kettle water into the toilet and let it sit for an hour or two, then flush toilet. It should be a dream then." DON'T MISS:‘Natural home remedies’ that ‘effectively’ get rid of houseplant pests [EXPERT]Five ‘common mistakes’ that quickly ‘kill’ orchids - how to avoid [TIPS]Remove toilet seat stains in ‘an hour’ using 42p staple [COMMENT] Hayley Costar said: "You need Kilrock - no faffing, just follow the instructions properly and I’ll brush away with a loo brush. I wouldn’t spend my money on anything else." Claire Edgerton commented: "Take the water out with a sponge and add black Harpic, it's fab." Karen Hurley suggested: "Pumice stone will clear it all." Gaynor Ramsden said: "I always use Black Harpic, it works a treat." READ MORE: ‘Best’ methods to ‘increase’ radiator efficiency - save money on bills Lindsey Wilson also recommended using this popular product. She said: "Black Harpic, worked fab in mine." Billy Neil advised: "Barkeepers Friend." Lisa Corbett said: "Caustic soda and hot water - leave in overnight then scrub with a toilet brush. It will clear it." Stacey Evans wrote: "Spirit of Salt without a doubt. I emptied the water out and I have never seen something work so good - I got it from Homebase." Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Cheryl Mallam agreed. She said: "Go to the hardware shop, get a bottle of Spirit of Salts, pour down and shut the lid. Leave for half hour, flush, lift up the lid and you'll have a white toilet." Amanda O'Byrne recommended: "Cheap cola. Leave to sit for a while." Sara Teagles added: "A bottle of full fat coke will do it - empty into loo overnight, leave and flush. You will struggle afterwards to drink coke ever again. Your loo will be brand new." This is one of the cheapest cleaning methods as cheap, unbranded cola costs just 47p at Aldi stores.