Donald Trump has pleaded with Republicans to back Kevin McCarthy as the Republican leader repeatedly failed in his bid to be elected Speaker of the US House of Representatives. The former President has thrown his weight behind the former House Minority Leader after he failed three times to secure votes to serve as Speaker. Without an elected Speaker, the House is effectively paralysed. Speaking on Truth Social, Mr Trump said now is the time for the party to get behind Mr McCarthy. He said: “Some really good conversations took place last night, and it’s now time for all of our great Republican house members to vote for Kevin, close the deal, take the victory, & watch crazy Nancy Pelosi fly back home to a very broken California, the only speaker in US history to have lost the ‘house’ twice! “Republicans, do not turn a great triumph into a giant & embarrassing defeat. it’s time to celebrate, you deserve it. “Kevin McCarthy will do a good job, and maybe even a great job - just watch!” McCarthy failed to meet the majority threshold needed to elect a speaker for the House of Representatives three Tims, after 20 representatives broke ranks However, McCarthy was defiant and said he would not back down until he held the role which would make him third in line to the Presidency. Asked if he would drop out, McCarthy said "it’s not going to happen", adding "today, is that the day I wanted to have? No". He also pointed to his endorsement from the former President, saying Trump "wants to see the Republicans united to be able to accomplish the exact things we said we'd do". Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene of Georgia also hit out at her fellow Republicans who opposed McCarthy for speaker, noting that Jim Jordan is supporting the candidate and has said he wants to be chair of the Judiciary Committee. Nineteen Republicans voted for Jordan on the second ballot, and 20 backed him in the third vote. "How did 19 Republicans not respect that?" Greene asked reporters after the House adjourned. "I think 19, or 20 now, should respect Jim Jordan's wishes.” She also pointed out that Jordan had boosted McCarthy's candidacy “over and over” by nominating him for speaker and voting in his favour. In a separate post, Trump lashed out at Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who he has clashed with since the end of his presidency. “If Republicans are going to fight, we ought to be fighting Mitch McConnell and his domineering, China loving BOSS, I mean wife, Coco Chow”, Trump said “The harm they have done to the Republican Party is incalculable. “Today, he couldn’t be elected ‘Dog Catcher’ in Kentucky (Sadly, he only won because of my Endorsement, went up 21 points - SORRY!).” While McCarthy battled for votes in the House, McConnell is scheduled to appear with President Joe Biden in Kentucky to tout a $1.6billion bridge project that resulted from a bipartisan infrastructure law. MORE FOLLOWS