Prince Harry has said Prince William and Kate Middleton never got on with his wife, Meghan Markle, in a remarkable new interview. The Duke of Sussex, 38, was put on the spot by journalist Tom Bradby over the course of their 60-minute grilling, during which he claimed William, 40, had been lukewarm about the Duchess of Sussex. Asked whether it was true to say the pair had not hit it off with the former Suits actress, he added: "Yeah, fair." Asked for the reason was, he added: "Lots of different reasons ... I had put a lot of hope in the idea that it'd be William and Kate and me and whoever. "I thought the four of us would bring me and William closer together, we could go out and do work together, which I did a lot as the third wheel to them, which was fun at times but also, I guess, slightly awkward at times as well. "I don't think they were ever expecting me to get ... into a relationship with someone like Meghan who had a very successful career." He continued: "The idea of the four of us being together was always a hope for me. Before it was Meghan, whoever it was going to be, I always hoped that the four of us would get on. "But very quickly it became Meghan versus Kate. "And that, when it plays out so publicly, you can't hide from that, right? "Especially when within my family you have the newspapers laid out pretty much in every single palace and house that is around." JUST IN: Harry and Meghan won't regain UK support, expert claims Harry further admitted William had "raised some concerns" about his marriage to Meghan before their wedding in May 2018. He said: "He never tried to dissuade me from marrying Meghan, but he aired some concerns very early, and said 'this is going to be really hard for you' and I still to this day don't truly understand which part of what he was talking about. "Maybe he predicted what the British press's reaction was going to be." DON'T MISS:Prince Harry dismisses royal mantra as he claims 'lots of complaining' [LATEST]Harry says it 'did not need to be' like this in his ITV interview [UPDATES]Prince Harry speaks out on Andrew involvement with Jeffrey Epstein [REVEAL] Harry also referred "stereotyping" which he acknowledged even he had been "guilty of" at the start. He said: "The fact that I had that in the back of my mind, and some of the things that my brother and sister-in-law, some of the way that they were acting or behaving definitely felt to me as though unfortunately that stereotyping was causing a bit of a barrier to them really sort of introducing or welcoming her in." When asked what exactly he meant by stereotyping, Harry elaborated: "American actress, divorced, biracial." He added: "There's all different parts to that and what that can mean but if you are, like a lot of my family do, if you are reading the press, the British tabloids at the same time as living the life, then there is a tendency where you could actually end up living in the tabloid bubble rather than the actual reality." 