UK interest rates hit 3.5 percent in December bringing borrowing costs to the highest level since 2008 while property prices dropped for the fourth consecutive month. The constant change in the housing market is causing concern for many. Satnam Sidhu, mortgage broker at Haysto, has explained exactly what people should know if they are looking to buy a house and secure a mortgage this year.  UK house prices have fallen for the fourth month in a row, with the average price of a home dropping to £262,068. January is normally a busy time for the housing market but rising interest rates and falling house prices could lead to a slower month than usual. Mr Sidhu said: “January is normally the busiest time in the housing market! Therefore, it’s important to work with a broker to obtain a decision in principle as all estate agents are going to request this so you can get an offer accepted on a house and beat the competition from other buyers. "The secret to beating the housing market is all about being prepared.” READ MORE: State pension leaves Britons with £28 a week - five things you can do Securing a mortgage can be more difficult for the self-employed but it's not impossible, although people will need to ensure all paperwork is up-to-date. The mortgage broker explained: “If you are self-employed, it is important to ensure you have completed your latest personal tax return and to make sure all outstanding taxes have been paid so mortgage brokers have the required information to submit your mortgage application on time and lenders can make a quick decision. “If you are serious about purchasing in the first quarter of the year, it’s important that you have ensured you have budged accordingly, especially over the festive season. Lenders will assess your bank statements and make sure your bank account conduct does not demonstrate you are over-committed. “It’s vital that you make sure you have all of your paperwork in order - valid passports, driving license with the correct address on where you currently reside, even valid documents such as a bank statement. Getting this in order now will help speed up the process." DON'T MISS:Free NHS prescriptions for over 60s may be axed in April [ALERT]Martin Lewis warning not to miss out on £400 energy bills disc [WARNING]Over 500,000 people set to miss out on state pension boost in 2023 [UPDATE]  Working with a mortgage broker can help to reduce stress and make the process easier as well as save people money as they have access to the whole of the market - although they are paid a commission it's usually charged to the company rather than the individual. Paul Coss, co-founder of Haysto, said the housing market is expected to be quieter in 2023 which could mean it's a buyers' market. “As the Bank of England is expected to raise rates further to try to combat inflation, and with no signs of a significant reduction in mortgage rates, it’s expected that the housing market will be quieter in 2023. “With housing prices down and many houses going for under asking price, the market is very much on the side for buyers. But with the cost-of-living crisis continuing to be of huge concern for potential buyers, budgeting and the mortgage market continues to be a priority.”  Meanwhile, MoneySavingExpert founder Martin Lewis explained how a homeowner could save a staggering £36,000 by overpaying his mortgage on ITV's Martin Lewis Money Show last October. In response to a question from Linda who called in to ask if her son should overpay his mortgage, Martin said it depends on whether someone’s mortgage rate is higher than their savings rate. He worked out in Linda's case, her son could make a "monumental saving" of £36,00 by overpaying his mortgage. Marting said: “I would really advise those people who have savings and who are going onto higher rate mortgages - or are on a higher rate mortgage - go onto a mortgage overpayment calculator - do the calculation."   He continued: “Even if you can only overpay £50 a month - and you can do it as a monthly overpayment - you have to make sure it reduces the capital that you owe and they don’t just lower your future mortgage repayment. That can be a monumental saving - it’s worth checking.” Many homeowners are in for an "unpleasant shock" this year as 1.4 million mortgage holders will pay an extra £250 a month. Data from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has revealed more than one million British households are facing the reality of higher interest rates in 2023 as they renew their fixed rate mortgages. The average person who chooses to remortgage will pay £250 a month more on their new fixed rate deal, according to Hargreaves Lansdown.  