The shocking moment a daughter begged her father not to kill himself was shown in court after he suffocated her terminally ill mother. Lesley Cawthorne, 49, was seen pleading with her Cyprus-based father David Hunter from her UK home. He had suffocated her mother and his wife of 52 years just moments prior to the call and was talking of taking his own life following her death. In the video call, played on Wednesday in Paphos assize court in Cyprus, Lesley can be heard saying: "Daddy just concentrate on me, Daddy concentrate on me. "Daddy forget about everybody else, forget about everything else concentrate on me, not her, not anybody else, just me and you. Daddy you love me, you know you do, I'm your girl. You've always loved me. I'm your girl, I'm your girl, daddy." The British woman starts fighting tears, her voice breaking: "I'm your little girl. Remember when I was in hospital, and you were there in the lift, when I came around. And daddy remember how you walked me down the aisle - you said I was beautiful. I'm your girl - she says through tears - I'm your girl. You can't leave me. Daddy please, please, daddy I'm begging you. Daddy." Hunter, a former miner from Ashington in Northumberland, watched in court as the video showed Lesley screaming for him to survive.   The 75-year-old is accused of the pre-meditated murder of his wife Janice, 74, who had been suffering from terminal leukaemia at their retirement home in Cyprus. Hunter admitted to killing his wife but claims she "begged" him to do so as he denied murder. Hunter's lawyers had tried to get the charge of murder reduced to one of assisted suicide - claiming he acted out of love to end her suffering. After suffocating her on December 18, 2021, Hunter called his UK-based brother William to confess. He then told his brother his plan to take his own life with a drugs and alcohol overdose.  READ MORE: Tesco recalls popular breakfast product due to health fears William alerted the police who raced to Lesley’s Norfolk home and asked her to video call her father. The video call was recorded by police for evidence. Hunter says he suffocated his wife because she no longer wanted to live due to the agony caused by her terminal illness. The Mirror reports Hunter's lawyer Michael Polak, from Justice Abroad, said afterwards: “The reason we played the video in court is that it shows David is in a state of shock and doesn’t understand what’s going on around him. We say that when the statements were taken from him by police he was in no state to be interviewed. It’s remarkable that the police interviewed him without any psychiatric assessment of him. "There’s no way that if this case had been in the UK he would have been interviewed in those circumstances because police would have got a psychiatric assessment to make sure he’s OK and to make sure the evidence is reliable. This, along with the fact he didn’t have a lawyer or interpretation, mean that those statements should be excluded from the case.” DON'T MISS:Dan Wootton clashes with GB News guest over if Jeremy Clarkson [INSIGHT]Police in England and Wales ordered to ‘root out misogyny’ [COMMENT]Two men bleed to death after being sliced by knife-wielding chicken [PICTURES]  Hunter insisted: “My wife was just lying there. Later on I was told she struggled but I know I would never hurt my wife. My hands had no scratches on them.” Speaking outside court afterwards, the 75-year-old said: “I never would have killed her in a million years. She didn’t ask me, she begged me. The last five weeks she was begging me. She didn’t resist. Because of the cancer she couldn’t even lift her hands.” Prosecutor Andreas Hadjikyrou said Hunter had told police what he had done on the evening of Janice’s death. He said: “You told [an officer] ‘my wife has leukaemia and she had too much pain and she asked me to help her not to suffer any more. ‘Afterwards I killed her with my hands.’.” Mr Hadjikyrou also said Hunter had told a nurse he “couldn’t stand to see [Janice] suffer” and that he told police when in hospital: “I killed her to save her.” Hunter yesterday said he could not remember saying any of those things.    