Waterloo Road had it all, scandal, romance, riots and an abundance of gossip for the teens to get their teeth into. The series ran for nine years on BBC One before it came to an end in March 2015. Thankfully, there will be more to come as Waterloo Road was revived for a further 11th season last year and is soon going to premiere, welcoming some new as well as some familiar faces. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Waterloo Road. Waterloo Road will return for season 11 on Tuesday, January 3, at 8pm on BBC One, taking over from Holby City's former timeslot. When the school drama was first on the small screen, fans could look forward to new episodes coming out for months with the show usually consisting of around 20 episodes. However, this won't be the case for the revived version of Waterloo Road as it is going to be made up of just seven episodes. READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer This will make season 11 the shortest in the BBC show's history so far. As Waterloo Road hasn't been on screens for eight years, introducing it again with a shorter series may be a safer way of testing if there is still an audience for the show. Or it could be just the BBC decided a new format was needed, no longer treating it as a teen soap but rather as a stand-out season. The only ongoing show which has hundreds of episodes each year is BBC One soap EastEnders. Waterloo Road will air every Tuesday in this same timeslot until the finale which comes out on Tuesday, February 14. But if you'd rather not wait to watch all of the new episodes, then you're in luck. The entire box set of Waterloo Road season 11 is going to be available to stream on BBC iPlayer. Fans have been given access to the series even before the first episode airs on BBC One. You can also relive some of the drama's best moments from the previous 10 seasons which are also on BBC iPlayer. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry makes emotional plea to King Charles in new clip [ROYAL]Here's the lowdown on the cast of the new series of Waterloo Road [CAST]Here's everything you need to know about Death in Paradise season 12 [EXPLAINER]  Last year, it was confirmed a few characters from the original series will be returning. Actress Angela Griffin will be reprising her role as Kim Campbell who has now stepped up as the school's newest headteacher. Talking about the challenges Kim is going to face going forward, Griffin said: "This is a much trickier ground now and kids are politicised, you know. "They have a voice, and they know how to use their voice now. We're definitely not in Victorian times, there’s definitely no be seen and not heard. "They are heard, and they want to be seen and they have got something to say and which is brilliant, fantastic – It’s quite hard to run a school like that." Also returning to Waterloo Road will be Adam Thomas and Katie Griffiths as Donte and Chlo Charles respectively. They left the series together, married and with their daughter Izzie and this time, they are all grown-up. When the series kicks off, Donte and Chlo will be looking forward to seeing Izzie start at secondary school. Waterloo Road returns on Tuesday, January 3, at 8pm on BBC One.