Ex-Celtic manager Neil Lennon has backed Chelsea to win the race for highly-coveted right-back Josip Juranovic, who looks set to depart the Scottish giants this month. The defender has not been short of interest after starring at the World Cup in Qatar with Croatia and Chelsea are among a list of potential suitors that also includes Manchester United and Atletico Madrid. Celtic have already landed Canada international Alistair Johnston as a potential replacement for Juranovic, who has the green light to depart if the right offer arrives. Lennon believes Chelsea could win the race for his signature and he has no doubt Juranovic has what it takes to make the step up in the Premier League. The Northern Irishman told Football Odds: "As an ex-Celtic manager, you don't want to see any top Celtic players leave the club but I guess with Josip Juranovic it's inevitable. "The progression he's made is great and he had an unbelievable World Cup. I have no qualms for him playing in the Premier League, he would slot straight in. READ MORE: West Ham captain Declan Rice hits back over 'given up' claims after transfer confession "Juranovic and Reece James are different players, going forward James is fantastic and his progress at Chelsea has been brilliant, he was a big miss for England. "Juranovic is a different fullback, he starts deeper and likes to move forward from deeper positions whereas James can get up and down like a wing-back. "I would not be surprised to see Juranovic join Chelsea or one of the other top Premier League clubs." Chelsea are light on the ground at right-back after losing Reece James to a knee injury setback in the 2-0 win over Bournemouth. The England international is expected to be out of action for around one month after missing the World Cup. The Blues are already beginning to flex their muscles in the transfer market having wrapped up deals for Christopher Nkunku, David Datro Fofana, Andrey Santos and Benoit Badiashile. Enzo Fernandez could be the next through the door as Chelsea continue to discuss a £112million deal for the Argentine with Benfica. Chelsea are continuing to work on the structure of the deal and when they will make their payments to the Portuguese club. Meanwhile, Juranovic would be a far easier deal to complete with Celtic now anticipating a sale. The 27-year-old was on the bench in the Old Firm derby on Monday as Celtic drew 2-2 with Rangers. Celtic are said to be looking for around £17m in order to agree to a sale. Barcelona and Torino have also been linked with the right-back but so far, the race remains open.