Chelsea fans will already be relishing the opportunity to watch their new £88million signing Mykhaylo Mudryk in action for the first time after snatching the Ukrainian starlet from Arsenal's grasp. And if the winger's gruelling training schedule is anything to go by, he will have no trouble in adapting to the physical demands of the Premier League. The Blues paid their second-highest-ever transfer fee to land the 22-year-old from Shakhtar Donetsk in a dramatic deal that took just six hours to complete on Sunday, with Mudryk paraded in front of the fans at Stamford Bridge during their 1-0 win over Crystal Palace. Some may be left wondering if the eye-watering fee is justified given Mudryk's lack of experience at the top level, even if three of his 10 goals this season came in the Champions League for Shakhtar. The step up to Premier League from a lower quality league such as the Ukraine Premier League, where Shakhtar and Dynamo Kyiv dominate, is a mighty one for Mudryk. READ MORE: Mykhaylo Mudryk announced by Chelsea vs Crystal Palace Players that lack pace, durability and fitness often struggle to make their mark in English football or suffer recurring injuries that hamper their time in the UK. Fortunately for Chelsea fans, it appears the exciting youngster has all three attributes in abundance, according to footage from one of his recent gym sessions. Posted by his performance coach Dima Chapovskyi, Mudryk can be seen taking on a gruelling fitness course that even Cristiano Ronaldo would find difficult. In the compilation footage, Mudryk can be seen executing lunges, squats and performing various leg exercises with heavy weights in an attempt to strengthen his core muscles as he is coached through the sets by Chapovskyi. DON'T MISS Chelsea boss Potter has Mudryk expectation after transfer deal agreedChelsea fans troll Arsenal as Gunners join Ivan Fresneda transfer raceChelsea's method for avoiding FFP issues despite spending £437m Mudryk's face turns bright red as he battles to lift weights with an extraordinary number of barbell plates packed onto the end. And it appears to be doing the trick too, with Mudryk's toned muscles on display as he goes through the gruelling regime in the gym. Later on in the clips, the 5'9 forward can be seen displaying his impressive ability to leap high, at one point hopping up several feet onto a plyometric jump box with a dumbbell in his hands. Some of his sessions even appear to go deep into the evening, with the clock displaying the time at 9.30pm at one stage. Of course, Mudryk's sessions are not just limited to the gym as he stepped out onto the grass to get a dose of fat-burning cardio in while dribbling with the ball. And with Chelsea struggling for goals this season - with only 22 in their 19 games - it will be pleasing for fans to see their new star find the top corner to prove he can find the back of the net, which is what he has been signed for.