Families looking to cut expensive childcare costs during the cost of living crisis are turning to relatives for help, however, many grandparents don't realise they can be financially compensated for their time. Grandparents could be eligible for extra credits worth £275 a year by the Government. On yesterday’s BBC Rip off Britain, Felicity Hannah, personal finance expert, explained to Jack a “little known” scheme that could help his parents boost their state pension. Jack’s parents look after his twins twice a week so they might benefit from the Specified Adult Childcare credit scheme. This can boost grandparents’ state pension by thousands of pounds by transferring National Insurance (NI) credits up a generation so that the grandparents doing the caring get them instead. READ MORE: Parents risk falling into 'expensive trap' and losing up to £5,600 in savings  This means claimants will receive a Class 3 NI credits for each week or part week they cared for the child (Class 3 NI credits help to build entitlement to the state pension and, until April 2017, certain bereavement benefits). It can also help stop gaps in one’s National Insurance record. On the Government website it states that people can apply for Specified Adult Childcare credits if: To apply for Specified Adult Childcare credits individuals will need to complete an application form. READ MORE: I can't pay that': Woman shocked after energy provider switched her to pre-payment meter The application requires the:- Personal details of the applicant – the family member caring for the child- Child’s details and the periods of care- Personal details of the child’s parent (or main carer) – the Child Benefit recipient- Applicant and the parent to both sign their declarations on the application. Specified Adult Childcare credits can be awarded retrospectively, to April 6, 2011 at the earliest. If someone had been providing childcare every year since 2011/12, and now put in a claim for all years from 2011/12 until 2021/22, this would be eleven years of credits and could add just over £3,000 per year. Martin Lewis, founder of Money Saving Expert, has previously mentioned this scheme as a little known benefit for grandparents who look after their grandchildren. In October, he posted on his Twitter feed that the childcare credits “can add thousands to state pension”. He said: “There’s a little known benefit for grandparents who look after their grandchildren while parents work. “If you're a parent of a [child] under 12, if your parent (ie child’s grandparent) does childcare so you can work, you can apply to get them Specified Adult Childcare Credit. “This means they get the National Insurance years that normally go to a parent who is off work looking after children (as you’re working you’ll usually be getting from work). This can add thousands to a state pension.” Rip off Britain returns tomorrow on BBC One at 10am.