Whether your kitchen is a true fixer-upper from decades ago or your once-trendy laminate countertop and linoleum flooring fell out of style fast, it may be time to modernise your outdated kitchen. With new design trends showcasing creative uses of colours, modern appliances, and functional design, there are endless ways to bring your kitchen into the present day. Whether you are trying to sell your home, or if you plan on staying in your space for generations to come, Richard Davonport, Managing Director at Davonport Kitchens spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to share some ideas that can help you transform your kitchen into the cooking space of your dreams. The kitchen specialist noted that cabinets are the “backbone” of the room so if they do not look the best they can, this can bring the whole aesthetic down. Richard said: “Your kitchen cabinets are the backbone to your kitchen. If they look tired, the chances are it will make the rest of your kitchen look aged. “You don’t have to replace the whole unit, instead, replacing the doors of your cabinets can be a cost-effective option to making your kitchen feel new.” Whether you are completely renovating your kitchen or you’re just looking for a simple refresh, painting kitchen cupboards can give your space a completely new look and aesthetic appeal. READ MORE: Four ‘top kitchen updates’ to ‘hasten’ house sales - and what to avoid For those who have decided to install new cabinet doors, then it is likely they’ll also want to consider investing in new hardware (cabinet handles). This can also be an option on existing cabinets as well. The expert said: “Styles, materials and colours change with time and out of fashion options can make a kitchen appear old. "Refreshing handles, with a focus on the latest trends – think brushed brass and textured for 2023 – can make your kitchen feel on-trend in a fairly quick and painless process.” While it may sound expensive, Richard argued that when choosing handles “you don’t have to spend a fortune” but spend some time looking for good quality finishes. DON'T MISSStop condensation and mould with these eight ‘excellent’ houseplants [EXPERT]3p ‘miracle’ item to ‘dissolve’ tea cup stains without using bleach [TIPS]Keep squirrels out of your garden using ‘effective’ 70p kitchen item [COMMENT] Once you’ve found a good quality finish choose a similar finish for pendant lights and maybe even a new tap, as this can really “bring the room together” with accents of a similar colour, as “it’s all in the details”, according to the expert. Once cabinets are sorted, the designer noted that worktops are an important kitchen feature to have nailed. He claimed: “A brand-new kitchen countertop can instantly elevate the look of your kitchen, making it more appealing to potential buyers. “If budgets allow, it is always better to choose high-quality materials rather than cheaper laminate options as it can make the rest of your kitchen look cheaper than it costs.” READ MORE: Four ‘very costly’ home improvements to ‘avoid at all costs’ Alternatives to real stone are a great middle ground, with quartz and porcelain a firm favourite. While kitchen lighting can sometimes be an afterthought, it is essential for the safety, ambiance, and versatility of your kitchen. If your kitchen solely contains one overhead ambient lighting fixture, look into recessed lighting for a modern illumination source. Richard said: “While not part of the actual kitchen element, kitchen lighting should be an integral feature that is considered as part of the design. It is also an area where you can upgrade with minimal fuss and cost. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Choosing the right kitchen lighting for the style of the room and the look you are trying to achieve can make a huge difference to the impression your kitchen makes on a potential buyer. “If you only have spotlights at the moment, consider replacing some with strategically posited pendant lights over a kitchen island or table to create a statement, while also adding warmth and a sense of a bigger space.” When it comes to upgrading your kitchen to sell your home, the expert urged that it is important not to let your personal tastes dictate your choices. He said: “You need to consider upgrades that appeal to the mass market and make your home more sellable, not choose items and upgrades that you would love as the plan is to move to a new home where you can then install items you like.”