Pele's will has revealed that the Brazilian footballing legend left a portion of his fortune to a woman he had long denied was his daughter. Sandra Regina, who was born in 1964 and claimed Pele was her father, was named in his will, it was revealed today. While he had never accepted she was his, Ms Regina was named alongside his six other children, according to a report from the Daily Mirror. The publication revealed that her share would go to her sons after they fulfilled a request from their dying grandfather. Pele had reportedly wanted to meet Octavio Felinto Neto and Gabriel Arantes do Nascimento as he lay dying. They met him during a hospital visit on December 28 last year. He died just one day later he met the two, on December 29. READ MORE: Brazil fans line streets to bid farewell to Pele before star's funeral Estimates have suggested Pele left a fortune of £13 million when he passed, but there is no indication of how much he left to Ms Regina. Speaking to the Mirror, Mr Arantes said he and his brother visited their grandfather after speaking to their aunts. He said the moment was "what my mother dreamed of most", and stressed the importance of family. Mr Arantes said: “We were very excited, it was an opportunity we had been waiting for." "Every family has fights and rows, ours is no different, but there are moments when union and love are more important than anything else. We are extremely happy.” Pele never publicly admitted that Ms Regina was his daughter, who was allegedly the product of an affair with his cleaner Anisio Machado. DNA testing conducted in 1991, five years before she died, ultimately confirmed he was her father. His daughter Flavia was also reportedly born following an affair, while the other five came from his three marriages. He welcomed Kelly, Edinho and Jennifer during his first marriage, and twins Joshua and Celeste in his second. They gathered to bid him a tearful farewell at Albert Einstein hospital in Sao Paolo the week before he died. Some of them shared posts on social media commemorating their father. Edinho shared a picture to Instagram of him holding Pele's hand with the caption: “Dad … my strength is yours."