A couple who were missing for a week with a new-born baby have been spotted by detectives in East London. Constance Marten, 35, Mark Gordon, 48, and their child went missing after their vehicle broke down near junction four of the M61, near Bolton, on January 5, from which they were believed to leave on foot - but police say they have had a sighting. Ms Marten had given birth very recently, and neither her nor her baby have been assessed by medical professionals. The couple and the baby were spotted over the following days in Harwich and Colchester in Essex. Detectives searching for them looked in every B&B and hotel in Colchester, and now believe that on the morning of Saturday, January 7, the trio took a taxi from Harwich to East Ham Station in Newham. CCTV footage of the last known sighting of them has been released today. The investigation was handed over from Essex Police to the Metropolitan Police Service on January 12. Detective Superintendent Lewis Basford, who is leading the investigation, said: “It has now been more than a week since Constance and Mark’s car broke down on the M61, and we are growing increasingly concerned not only for their welfare, but for the welfare of their newborn child. Being on the move for a week must be exhausting for new parents and a newborn baby. "Constance and Mark, I appeal directly to you, please think of your baby’s health and wellbeing and get in touch with us so we can ensure your child is medically well and has no underlying issues. “Please do this for your child. You wouldn’t be able to forgive yourself if they became poorly. All we want to do is help you and your baby.” READ MORE:Sex offender attacked Wetherspoons staff after being asked to leave [REVEAL] Officers attended the scene where the couple’s vehicle broke down - but could find no one. The family left the vehicle and the motorway safely – walking to the Anchor Lane bridge which links the Highfield and Little Hulton areas. Officers believe they then travelled to Liverpool and then onwards to Harwich. Detective Superintendent Basford added: “This is a fast-moving investigation and we have a number of officers from across the Met carrying out urgent enquiries to find Constance, Mark and their baby. “The help from members of the public has been invaluable over the past week. DON'T MISS: Police officer dies and two others stabbed as knifeman shot in street [REVEAL]Man, 22, charged with murder of 26-year-old Elle Edwards [INSIGHT]Police uncover 100 bodies at secret criminal cemetery in warehouse [ANALYSIS] “I would appeal to anyone who believes they have seen Constance, Mark or their new-born baby – either in London or further afield – to contact us without delay. Together we can ensure they and their new-born baby are safe and well.” Anyone who has information on the family’s whereabouts should call the incident room on 020 7175 0785. Alternatively, information can be reported 100 per cent anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111