Four-time Formula 1 world champion Sebastian Vettel had fans in tears after sharing a touching tribute to 'his greatest idol', Michael Schumacher. Vettel has long touted Schumacher as one of the biggest inspirations in his career, and the German's driving style had even been compared to that of his countryman in the past. The world of sport recently marked the nine-year anniversary of Schumacher's tragic accident in December 2013, which left the 54-year-old with traumatic brain injuries. The seven-time world champion was skiing with his son and current Mercedes reserve driver, Mick, in the French Alps when the accident occurred. Vettel's Instagram post harked back to a time long before that incident and showed Schumacher giving the would-be star some last-minute advice ahead of a karting clash. Although Vettel's face is obscured by his helmet, his minuscule size makes it clear he's very young in the photo (not to mention the stuffed animal tucked neatly next to his steering wheel). “Receiving last Orders (NRW Cup Final, Kerpen, Germany),” read the caption. The 35-year-old's parents helped run a karting circuit in Kerpen near Cologne, where Schumacher also got his start in motorsport. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton wants £350m Mercedes deal 'until he's 50' as contract details emerge  And fans flocked to show their appreciation for 'Schumi' in the replies, with one commenting: "Them Michael posts just hit different." Another credited Schumacher as "a second father to Seb" before adding: "We miss you, Mr. Schumacher." Others had more visceral reactions to the throwback image as one supporter admitted they would “cry until [the] weekend" as a result. “Who's cutting onions," asked another compassionate comment. Upon leaving Red Bull for Schumacher's most synonymous employer, Ferrari, at the conclusion of the 2014 campaign, Vettel remarked the 'dream of a lifetime had come true.' The retired star has never made a secret of his admiration for Schumi, and it was his countryman's five consecutive world championships while racing in Scuderia red that played a big role in inspiring him to reach F1. DON'T MISS    It just so happens Schumacher Jr, Mick, also recently shared an old photo of him and his father. The former Haas man changed his Twitter profile picture to show Michael holding him as a toddler, which led to another torrent of teary replies in the comments. Vettel is currently considering his options off the grid after calling time on his 15-year F1 career at the end of 2022. However, his driving days may be far from over after recently hinting at a potential future in rallying—though not before he enjoys a well-deserved break from the professional circuit first.