Good Morning Britain's entertainment editor Richard Arnold makes an appearance on each show to discuss the latest hot topics in the world of television. However, with ITV's Love Island back on, lots of focus was given to the reality show, which normally divides opinion. Many tuned into Wednesday's programme quickly took to social media to complain that presenters had "ignored" important topics to focus on the series, with one claiming it was an example of "shameful journalism". Joining hosts Susanna Reid and Ed Balls on Wednesday, Richard enthusiastically gave viewers an update on the Love Island gossip. He explained how fans of Love Island had been stunned by contestant Will Young's confession he was 23. "Fans took to the Twittersphere to demand to see [Will's] passport for proof, claiming he looks 10 years older!" Richard said animatedly. He continued: "Teacher Kai [Fagan] also fell victim to the age game, with people declaring he looks beyond his 24 years - they did not look like that in my day!" READ MORE: Ken Bruce quits BBC Radio 2 after 31 years "But they all look... kind of young, don't they?" Ed chimed. Laughing, Richard replied: "Well, to us they do! They do like quite young, Ed." He went on: "But spoiler alert! Tom [Clare] decided to steal Olivia [Hawkins] away from farmer Will, who looked crestfallen. "Fans absolutely are gutted for him and this, of course, leaves him at risk of being dumped from the island, and by the look on his face it may be an evening of him listening to this..." As he pointed up, singer Will Young's Crying on the Bathroom Floor played in the studio. Richard added: "Will regularly showcases his outstanding techniques on his TikTok, of course, and he has 100 percent success rate rolling around on the farm." He went on to discuss the episode further, with more songs blaring in the studio to suit the mood of the conversation. His segment led to a backlash from fans though, with several accusing the show of putting too much focus on the reality show. DON'T MISS... James May having 'difficult time' following Grand Tour 'axe' [LATEST]Carol Kirkwood rolls eyes over BBC Breakfast co-star's swipe [VIDEO]Police Commissioner says '100s' of officers 'shouldn't be working' [LATEST] Twitter user @ragdollyanna2 wrote: "How sad when Love Island is discussed in detail yet the disgraceful behaviour of Cabinet Ministers all but ignored. Shameful journalism GMB.#GMB." @TommyTucker091 penned: "I never, ever see love island fans on Twitter so I dunno what Twittersphere he’s talking about. If I did see any I’d ask if they work for @itvstudios #GMB." "Why is Love Island nonsense popular, it’s so desperate and boring. #GMB," asked @ISt3wart. @ChrisOnTweets added: "Oh great, #LoveIslandUK is back… #gmb," along with an eye-rolling Gif. @kevinsm17554523 fumed: "No one is interested in love island." @FlopsyPickle shared: "Did he say there’s two MONTHS left of Love Island? Ugh joy #gmb #GoodMorningBritain." @PhillipReid99 posted: "Richard Arnold! FFS! The best GMB can do? #gmb." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.