New innovative off-peak tariffs available through major British charging networks could save drivers of electric vehicles over £238 this year, as the cost of living rages on. By making use of variable charging rates through public chargers, motorists could make massive savings when charging overnight. Based on data from charge point operators GeniePoint and Char.gy, drivers can make savings of 55 percent and 24 percent respectively on overnight charging. Both operators have introduced new variable rates across their network in the past month, in a bid to reduce costs for drivers. Up until recently, cheaper off-peak rates were only available to EV drivers that had access to a driveway and a smart home charging device. These new night-time tariffs will reduce the charging costs for potentially hundreds of thousands of drivers without off-street parking. READ MORE: Petrol and diesel price drop 'should have been far bigger' Char.gy, which has over 1,350 lamppost and bollard charging points across the country, now offers rates of 29p per kWh between midnight and 7am as part of its Night Saver package – 34p less than the daytime rate. This allows EV users to save on average £9.17 per charge, or £238.42 if they were to recharge 26 times over 12 months. If drivers also used Bonnet’s Light Boost and Turbo Boost packages, which discounts all charging costs by between 10 and 15 percent, these savings grow to £258 and £268 annually. Patrick Reich, CEO and co-founder of Bonnet, urged drivers to make the small change to their charging habits to potentially make massive savings. DON'T MISSPOLL – Should pavement parking be banned across the UK? [HAVE YOUR SAY]Drivers urged to wear gloves when pumping fuel to avoid illness [SHOCKING]The UK's safest cars for 2023 - BMW, Mercedes, Tesla and more [INSIGHT] He said: “Bonnet is committed to making EV charging as accessible and affordable as possible, so we’re delighted to find that, through innovative off-peak tariffs our partners are leading, drivers will be able to save hundreds of pounds each year. “We’re always keen to crunch the numbers and let our users know where they can get the best deals. “Alongside Bonnet’s boost scheme, which discounts rates across all our chargers, these new variable rates offer serious savings for electric drivers.” GeniePoint, which operates over 900 chargers, applies its variable rate from 8pm to 8am, with electricity priced at 57p per kWh on its GenieFlex tariff. READ MORE: Electric car sales reach record high and overtake diesel Alongside Bonnet’s Light Boost, users could save over £70 a year, and almost £80 with Turbo Boost. The cost of charging an electric car at a public chargepoint has slowly been increasing over the last few years. According to RAC Charge Watch, in September 2021 it cost £18.81 to “rapid” charge an EV to 80 percent. Since then, that price has increased to £32.41, as of September 2022, with the charge of “ultra-rapid” public charging rising by a similar rate. Despite this, any form of charging an EV is cheaper than refuelling an ICE vehicle with petrol or diesel. Using a standard 7kW home charger, drivers will pay around 10p per mile, with rapid and ultra-rapid chargers both costing 18p per mile. The cost per mile of petrol is 19p and 21p for diesel, despite months of falling prices after breaking fuel price records in July 2022. December 2022 also saw battery electric vehicles (BEVs) claim their largest-ever monthly market share, of an impressive 32.9 percent. For 2022 as a whole, they comprised 16.6 percent of registrations, surpassing diesel for the first time to become the second most popular powertrain after petrol.