Liverpool have been warned of panic-buying during the January transfer window in their hopes of signing their next Georginio Wijnaldum, as the Reds’ midfield issues have been highlighted throughout this season. Only Fabio Carvalho and Arthur Melo have moved to Anfield as new midfielders since the Netherlands star departed on a free transfer to Paris Saint-Germain in 2021, and there have been calls for more signings in that key area this month. Jurgen Klopp’s side have stepped up their interest in midfield reinforcements and identified Jude Bellingham as their top target following his displays at the World Cup with England. Though they will attempt to beat the likes of Real Madrid and Manchester City to the Borussia Dortmund starlet, they have been warned by club icon Jamie Carragher that signing Bellingham alone will not be enough to fix their woes in the middle of the pitch. Fiorentina’s Sofyan Amrabat has been mentioned as a possible target, and his hard-working nature that was on show at the World Cup will have appealed to Klopp, though the Italian club has reportedly slapped a £40million price tag on the Moroccan. Former Reds midfielder Don Hutchinson has questioned whether Amrabat has the necessary quality to play for Liverpool, and warned them not to panic and sign the 26-year-old this month. “They have to make sure they don’t panic [in the transfer market],” Hutchison told ESPN. “I have seen Amrabat at the World Cup. He had a brilliant World Cup for Morocco. He hasn’t been that good for Fiorentina for 18 months, so you can’t just panic and look at these players and think ‘that’s the one I need’. Make sure you get the right one.” Foot Mercato have previously claimed that Amrabat’s entourage has already met Klopp regarding a potential move, with the Reds boss eager to strengthen his midfield options for the second half of the season. There is a chance that Bellingham, unlikely to leave the Bundesliga until the summer, will not be keen on a move to Merseyside if Liverpool fail to qualify for the Champions League next season. DON'T MISSArsenal can target three other Barcelona players after Eric GarciaChelsea could sign Joao Felix permanently as possible swap presents itselfRonaldo's girlfriend has strict Saudi rules to follow with ban on public eating The Reds are currently sixth in the Premier League table, seven points off Manchester United in fourth, and may need to get another midfielder through the door in January in order to overturn the deficit. Amrabat could be that player, but they will face competition should Liverpool wish to sign the Morocco star from the likes of Tottenham, Barcelona and Atletico Madrid. Amrabat has previously admitted that he admires Atletico boss Diego Simeone’s style of play, but also reiterated his commitment to Fiorentina. “I’m proud to be linked to top clubs like Barcelona and Atletico,” Amrabat said. “But I’m a Fiorentina player, I respect the club and I’ve a great relationship with the president. Simeone? We have a good coach at Fiorentina too but… yes, I like El Cholo's [Simeone's] style [of play].”