In a UK exclusive interview, Prince Harry sat down with ITV journalist and friend Tom Bradby to discuss his relationship with his family over the years. When discussing his memoir, Spare, which is set to be released on Tuesday, January 10, Tom jibed at Harry's account of losing his virginity. When Tom brought up Harry losing his virginity at the age of 17, the Duke hit back: “It's four lines or something...if that.” The ITV journalist explained he had to stop talking about it as he felt squeamish: "Just scrubbing it from my memory still." Harry then quipped at the News At Ten presenter: “We can talk about you losing your virginity, if you want?" Tom laughed and quipped: "No, let's not do that." READ MORE: 1923 episode 4 cast Also in the interview, Harry admitted the sudden death of his mother, Princess Diana, in 1997 took a toll on his future and his mental state was the reason he turned to drugs. Tom mentioned: "There's a fair amount of drugs, marijuana, magic mushrooms, cocaine. I mean, that's gonna surprise people." Harry replied: "But important to acknowledge," with his memoir stating that taking drugs "did not make him in the slightest bit happy". A large part of the interview was based around Harry's strained relationship with his brother, Prince William. Looking back at their childhood together, Harry said: "Our mother was dressing us in the same clothes to start with. "William didn’t like that, I think I seem to remember I found it quite funny. But the older, younger sort of sibling rivalry as such, now is only really becoming I guess real to me. "Like, for instance I talk about the relationship between William and myself at Eton. And the fact that he didn’t really want to know me, and you know, as the younger brother that sucks." Harry also touched on the strained relationship his sister-in-law, Kate Middleton, and William had with his wife Meghan Markle from the offset. DON'T MISS...Rod Stewart leaves Dermot O’Leary staggered with racy sex confession [INSIGHT]Emmerdale exit for Dawn Taylor as she lands new role  [WATCH]Loose Women fury over baby remark as show hit with Ofcom complaints [LATEST] He revealed: “I thought the – you know, the four of us would, you know, bring me and William closer together, we could go out and do work together. "Which I did a lot as the third wheel to them, which was fun at times but also, I guess slightly awkward at times as well. “I don’t think they were ever expecting me to get with or to get into a relationship with someone like Meghan who had, you know, a very successful career. “There was a lot of stereotyping that was happening, that I was guilty of as well, at the beginning.” Harry explained the stereotype as “American actress”, and went on to say: “Some of the things that my brother and sister-in-law said and some of the way that they were acting or behaving definitely felt to me as though unfortunately that stereotyping was causing a bit of a barrier to them really sort of, you know, introducing or welcoming her in.” Tom was curious as to whether William had ever tried to dissuade Harry from marrying Meghan, to which he revealed: "No he never tried to dissuade me from marrying Meghan. "But he aired some concerns, very early, and said you know, ‘This is gonna be really hard for you’ and I still to this day don’t truly understand which part of what he was talking about." Harry: The Interview is available to watch on ITVX.