On Thursday’s instalment of Good Morning Britain, hosts Adil Ray and Ranvir Singh were discussing the topic of banning two popular breeds of dogs. However, the debate sparked a mixed reaction from ITV viewers with many unimpressed with the suggestion.  Introducing the segment, hosts Ranvir and Adil informed viewers The Netherlands are intending to ban flat-faced breeds due to health and breathing problems. Joining them to discuss whether or not it’s time to phase out these breeds were radio presenter Aimee Vivian and her pug Eva, PETA spokesperson Jennifer White and Dr Dan O'Neill. Aimee brought forward the idea of trying to get back to what a healthy pug looked like 1,000 years ago instead of trying to get rid of them altogether. However, PETA’s Jennifer White claimed flat-faced dogs live miserable lives and are being born and bred to suffer. READ MORE:Tony Blackburn hits back at BBC complaints 'Switch it off'    She slammed: “They are being deliberately bred to have these deformities and flatter faces. “For French bulldogs, breathing through their nose is like breathing through a straw all the time. “It's not about responsible breeding, frankly that just doesn’t exist in this situation when these animals are so incredibly unwell and are being born to suffer.” The guest added although many people think it’s cute when they hear the noises pugs make while they walk, it's them gasping for breath as they don’t get to enjoy certain things a regular dog would.    Good Morning Britain’s Ranvir highlighted in the Netherlands, they’re planning on banning photographs of them on social media. She asked Jennifer: “I went onto Instagram and there are over 12 million posts about pugs, pugs on Instagram are a huge thing. “Why is it that they’ve become the celebrity handbag, perfect, Instagram dog?” The PETA spokesperson added it all comes down to Kennel Clubs and Crufts that promote these breeds. She added: “The best in the show is often genetically the worst in the show because they’ve been selectively bred to have such exaggerated features. “But of course then celebrities and influencers start buying them and promoting them on social media.” DON'T MISS... Coronation Street: Hope Stape’s revenge plan is put into action [SPOILER] Coronation Street: Nick Tilsley furious over Sam's alarming admission [SOAP] Phillip Schofield apologises to This Morning guest as Holly loses it [VIDEO]    Adil questioned why Crufts, the biggest dog show in the world, isn’t taking responsibility and banning the promotion of flat-faced breeds. Jennifer replied: “We should ban Crufts! We should bring in legislation that prevents people from being allowed to breed these animals. We should make sure that all pugs right now are spayed and neutered so they can’t breed anymore.” Although many people stated it shouldn’t be the dogs who are banned, but the unprofessional breeders. HanaJohnson92 said: “My pug has zero breathing problems or any health problems! My vet said his nose is absolutely perfect and how pugs should be! It’s not time to phase out pugs but crack down on bad breeders!” J2phelps added: "We need tighter restrictions on the standards that breeders have to meet. I have a Frenchie who has had to have a variety of operations but he’s a lovely little man. It’s the people involved, making lots of money out of the indiscriminate breeding and sales, who are to blame!”    _jj_blue_ slammed: “No. Ban backyard breeders. Then ALL breeds would be healthier. My pug is healthier than most Doodle breeds I’ve encountered and why is that? Because I did extensive research as a responsible owner! You’ll be asking the same question about doodle breeds in a few year's time too.” Army_cyco commented: “Banning a 1000-year-old breed is just stupid. Choose responsible breeders, and don't ban entire breeds ffs. Health checks are a must, Buster has a longer snout, wider nares and longer legs.” [Sic] Broomhead49 said: “I have three Frenchies that are perfect. Why would anyone want to ban such a loving breed? Find the backstreet breeders who breed just for money as reputable breeders will do research and do health checks before breeding.” With Clairem02191103 adding: “My pugs have no breathing problems at all and we walk miles. This is only a problem like any breed if you buy them from unregistered breeders !!! Any breed can develop health problems !! Pugs are the most wonderful breed ever to own.”  Good Morning Britain continues weekdays on ITV from 6am  