Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag could have a new Alejandro Garnacho in his ranks after Facundo Pellistri's explosive debut against Charlton Athletic on Tuesday. Pellistri made his long-awaited United bow in the EFL Cup quarter-final win at Old Trafford, garnering rave reviews for his impact off the bench. The 21-year-old winger looked like he had a point to prove after replacing Anthony Elanga in the 84th minute against Charlton. United lacked a clinical edge after Antony's stunning first-half opener, and tensions rose as the League One visitors grew into the game after the break. But the introductions of Casemiro, Christian Eriksen and Marcus Rashford on the hour mark tilted the game back in the Red Devils' favour. And Pellistri's late arrival helped finally seal a semi-final spot, showcasing confident quality while carrying the ball and maintaining a 100 per cent pass accuracy. The exciting Uruguay international, who played at the 2022 World Cup, topped off his debut by providing the assist for the first of Marcus Rashford's two stoppage-time strikes in the 3-0 triumph. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Pellistri's impact left United fans drooling and wondering why it has taken so long for his chance to come, two-and-a-half years after joining in a £9million deal from Club Atletico Penarol. And many are now calling for Ten Hag to hand him more minutes, as he has Garnacho, who also burst onto the senior scene this season. The 18-year-old operates on the left, while Pellistri is natural on the right, leaving Ten Hag with two promising future options on either side of his attack. With games coming thick and fast in January and beyond, more opportunities could be on the horizon for Pellistri. He has spent two loan stints at Alaves since joining United, and there has been talk of another temporary exit in January for regular minutes to aid his development. DON'T MISS: Man Utd ace Pellistri comes to January transfer decision after debut  After his debut display, Ten Hag hailed Pellistri's progress and remained coy on whether he plans to keep him under his watch this month. He said: "I see a future in him. He is doing really well, and we have to see what is best. "He's progressing. Also, against Everton [in the behind-closed-doors game], I was really happy with his performance. I was happy with his performance in the World Cup. His progress is really good. "He's come on and had an effect, so that's the next step. I say well done, better, and keep going." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here