Ferrari have had key details of their new 2023 car leaked ahead of their launch next month. According to Italian newspaper La Gazzetta dello Sport, the Prancing Horse will enjoy aerodynamic, gearbox and power unit changes. It comes as Red Bull also had information exposed on an apparent lighter chassis ahead of the new season. The report suggests the Scuderia’s biggest upgrade for the 2023 will be increased speed with the team confident of unlocking an extra 30 horsepower. Ferrari’s performance gains were first reported by Soymotor.com last month as the Italian marque aims to bridge the gap to Red Bull. The historic team were the fastest on the grid in the opening stages of 2022 with Charles Leclerc winning two of the first three races. However, the Italian team failed to capitalise on their advantage due to errors and reliabilty. The team then dropped off the pace around mid-season with Red Bull dominating for the rest of the campaign to cruise to both titles. The regulations have frozen engine upgrades until 2025 but reliability fixes are still allowed. READ MORE: Red Bull 2023 car details leaked after Horner comments However, it is believed Ferrari dialled down their engine during 2022 after suffering a series of mechanical failures. Charles Leclerc was forced out of the Spanish and Azerbaijan Grand Prix while leading in a dent to his title hopes. Increased reliability will mean the team’s pace advantage over Red Bull early on could be maintained throughout the campaign. Former team boss Mattia Binotto has previously admitted Ferrari were forced to “slightly lower the power” following the early retirements. Before his resignation, Binotto also stressed focussing on the reliability concerns was the main focus over the winter. He explained: “That’s our top priority because in order to win you need to be reliable and that has not been the case in the season, as a balance of the season itself. DON'T MISS Ferrari 'banned from private F1 meeting' after fallout over new rules [INSIGHT]Ferrari send message to Mercedes and Red Bull with new car [ANALYSIS]Ex-Ferrari star fires shots at Binotto and says he'll 'never forgive' [COMMENT] “The second is the speed of the car, because while we have been very competitive in quali, that has not always been the case in the race itself – and our race pace, whether it is from tyre degradation or pure race pace, was not sufficient for a better position.” According to Italian media, the new Ferrari will be narrower due to a different aerodynamic concept. A new gearbox will also be fitted in a bid to increase the competitiveness of the car. Ferrari driver Carlos Sainz has admitted he has kept a close eye on the team’s new package but failed to open up on how good the changes could be. He commented: “Have I seen the new car? Of course, I’ve been following it for several months and I spoke to the new team principal Frederic Vasseur. The winter testing session is not far, but I won’t say anything until I see the others on the track.”