Aaron Rodgers now has another incentive to join the New York Jets after the franchise made an intriguing coaching hire on Thursday. The Jets fired their former offensive coordinator, the younger brother of Rodgers' current head coach Matt LaFleur, Mike, in a somewhat surprising move with the coach expected to be hired as an OC elsewhere. The Jets have made a statement with their new hire though, signing Rodgers' former offensive coordinator, Nathaniel Hackett. Hackett was the offensive coordinator in Green Bay from 2019 to 2021, and called plays for Rodgers in the two years that he went on to win back-to-back MVP awards, after many had believed his better days were behind him. Rodgers had a close relationship with Hackett, and was sad to see him leave when he joined the Denver Broncos as their new head coach this past season, to coach the newly-acquired Russell Wilson from the Seattle Seahawks. But the year would be a diaster for Hackett and the Broncos, finishing with the fifth-worst record in the NFL after many had predicted them to be a Super Bowl contender, with the team not even having the benefit of a first-round pick after trading it to Seattle. Hackett was fired before even finishing his first season. Just months after being fired though, Hackett remained a wanted man in the NFL, being known as a highly-accomplished playcaller. With the Jets having a defensive-minded head coach, Robert Saleh, the team would be a good landing spot for an offensive coordinator - knowing that he'll have full control of the offense whilst having an elite defence to fall back on. And on Thursday, it was confirmed by the team that they had hired Hackett - who has worked with Saleh before when they were both on the Jacksonville Jaguars. Hackett is likely to be more of a reason for Rodgers to want to join the team now, who look set up to compete for a Super Bowl next season, should they find a quarterback. The Jets know that they will have to give up two first-round draft picks if they are to get Rodgers, according to reports, but could likely get a deal done by offering a first and a second - whilst having an above average offensive line and ascending superstar at wide receiver in Garrett Wilson.