Meghan Markle has worn some beautiful jewellery over the years, from diamond tiaras to Princess Diana’s most treasured pieces. But she has also firmly cemented herself as a fan of delicate gold pieces she likes to layer up. Many of the pieces’ designs are full of symbolism, here are some of her favourite items that are full of meaning. Meghan wore a signet ring from the brand Missoma in October 2018 when she spent the day in the country of Sussex for her and Prince Harry’s first official joint visit to their dukedom. Complimenting her dark green blouse and leather skirt, Meghan wore the signet ring which is made from 18ct Gold Plated Vermeil. The design is said to be “distinctive” and features “ a symbol representing emotions of love, passion and friendship”. It also has a “standout white zirconia gemstone is known to bring wealth and luck to the wearer”. The ring was originally priced at £94.31 or $115 but is currently on sale for £33.62 or $41. The Hamsa ring from the brand Kimset by Milka is one of the Duchess’ favourites, with her wearing it several times over the years. The 14ct roslow gold ring “features an ancient amulet symbolizing the Hand of God, together with an iconic evil eye” and is called “the epitome of protection”. The brand hopes the ring, which is a “protective sign” will “bring you happiness, luck, health, and good fortune”. It is available to buy for £304. READ MORE: Meghan wore 'big deal' designer dress but she said it was 'too short' Another popular jewellery choice for Meghan is her evil eye bracelet from Alemdara, which she has worn five times according to royal fashion bloggers. The Didem Evil Eye Bracelet in yellow gold and turquoise is handcrafted from 18ct gold and features “a turquoise enamel evil eye on a delicate yellow gold chain”. It is said to be “equally as enchanting when worn on its own” or with other jewellery. As for what an evil eye symbolises, it is a “sacred symbol used for centuries as protection against negative spirits in Mediterranean culture”. “Legend has it that the evil eye works as a shield for envy, reflecting any evil back to where it came from and protecting its owner from any harmful spirits,” the brand explained. The bracelet is still available to buy for £315. DON'T MISS...Game-changing method to squeeze lemons properly - no seeds fall out [VIDEO]Zara & Mike Tindall display ‘sizzling’ body language in new clip [COMMENT]The four luckiest animals in the Year of the Rabbit [HOROSCOPE] An item Meghan has only worn once so far is Mateo’s Eye of Protection 14ct gold, enamel and diamond bracelet, which retails for £1,210. She chose this bracelet for her appearance at The New York Times' DealBook Online Summit back in November 2021. The chain features an evil-eye charm - “a talisman that's thought to ward off negative energy”. It is “illuminated by shimmering diamonds” which makes the charm stand out on the wrist. Another item Meghan has from Alemdara is the Altan Hand of Hamsa necklace in 18ct yellow gold. The piece is handcrafted and features “a pavé-set white diamond hand of hamsa and a mini turquoise enamel evil eye on a delicate yellow gold chain”. It’s priced at £475 and Meghan has worn it four times to date. READ MORE: Hair expert shares most ‘flattering’ hairstyle for women over 40 “Inspired by vintage coins found in Asia, these modern-day talismans carry icons of good fortune,” the brand, Edge of Ember explains. The Visionary necklace features a “blue topaz evil eye to protect its wearer from negative vibes” and Meghan was spotted wearing it in March 2020 during a social media video. It’s priced at £145. Also from the same brand is Meghan’s Kismet Charm necklace which features a “four-leaf clover, a symbol of the unique and extraordinary”. If paired with the “lucky number seven” it is said to bring the wearer even more luck. Meghan was spotted wearing this necklace, which retails for £125, back in March 2020 when she appeared at a school in Dagenham for a special assembly ahead of International Women's Day. Sophie Lis’ Love Pendant, which is priced at £280, is a popular choice for Meghan. The 22ct gold vermail necklace is inspired by an extract taken from the poem “The Eternal Song” by 19th century French poet Rosemonde Gerard: “Car, vois-tu, chaque jour je t’aime davantage, Aujourd’hui plus qu’hier et bien moins que demain.” When translated, means: “For, you see, each day I love you more, today more than yesterday and less than tomorrow.” The pendant symbolises eternal love and reflects the poem with plus and minus symbols in diamonds and rubies. Meghan wore this necklace three times in 2020 and then in April 2022 when she appeared at The Hague for the start of the Invictus Games.