Former Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been tipped to return to Downing Street this year, with Tory peer and ally Stephen Greenhalgh claiming that a comeback was “likely”. But do you think Mr Johnson should return as Prime Minister? Vote in our poll. Lord Greenhalgh told BBC Newsnight on Tuesday: “I was with Boris in City Hall in the second term and I think he was more successful in the second term than the first. I was asked by someone to read a [Harold] Wilson biography by [Labour MP] Nick Thomas Symonds and that was all about a Prime Minister who comes back in two distinct terms and Boris will be the same with a gap. So I think it is likely, not 100 percent certain but there’s a strong probability he will return.” Prime Minister Rishi Sunak faces a battle against waves of strikes and chaos in the NHS as he tries to win support for the Conservative Party before the next general election. Some political commentators believe that a poor result for the Tories at the local elections in May could allow for Mr Johnson’s return. READ MORE: Boris Johnson poised for return to Downing Street in 2023 Mr Johnson resigned from his position in July last year after he lost the confidence of Conservative MPs following a series of scandals, resulting in his position becoming untenable. The former Prime Minister is still facing an investigation by the Commons Privileges Committee over Partygate. One Conservative MP told the i: “Looking ahead to 2023, there are two things that are absolutely critical in terms of how Boris plays it – firstly in terms of the Covid inquiry, he needs to clear that hurdle. The second factor will be to see how Rishi is doing in the opinion polls. If the opinion polls indicate a Tory loss [in 2024], then the natural instinct for self-survival will kick in and if that means Boris, then some people will take a deep breath and say ‘so be it’ – even if they are against him now.” However, former cabinet minister David Davis claimed, while writing in the Independent, that another change of leader before the next general election would cost the Conservatives at election time. So what do YOU think? Should Mr Johnson stage a comeback? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.