In a touching exit message, Fiona described the role as a "dream job" and reflected on how much she had "loved" playing Priya. She also admitted she'd been emotional and hadn't "stopped crying" during her last day on the ITV set. Fans were sorry to see the back of Priya, who has been an Emmerdale staple for a decade.  Emmerdale's official Twitter account posted a clip of the actress paying tribute to her soap family. She explained: "I just finished filming my very last scene as Priya. "My goodness, I feel so emotional - I haven't stopped crying!" She continued: "It has truly been the most incredible ten years on this show. I have loved every second of being here. READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row "I have loved playing Priya. Just coming into work every day, being made up to be so glamorous, all the wonderful costumes and the wonderful storylines. "It's just been a dream job. I am so thankful to everyone at Emmerdale. "I love you all and I'm going to miss you so much. "Thank you so much to all the viewers for all your support over the years, for watching and supporting me and Priya. "I just wanted to send you all my love and a huge thank you." Fans of the show quickly got in touch to share their support for the actress.  @leahallen77 added: "@emmerdale Good luck for the future #Emmerdale." DON'T MISS... Countdown's Susie Dent explains why she turned down role 'a few times' [LATEST]Saturday Kitchen fans distracted by Robson Green's accent [REACTION]Naga Munchetty surprised by appearance of 'nervous' former co-star [VIDEO] "All the best for the future Fiona @emmerdale," @EmLouMcFly commented. Ryan Glendenning penned: "Congratulations @FionaWade_ on an Incredible 10 years in #Emmerdale as the beautiful and feisty Priya. "You'll be missed massively and was a massive credit to the show. I wish you all the best for the future. My favourite character has left the village for good." @iTzFanatTic shared: "All the very best for your future, you'll be missed. Enjoy the next things your going to do." @athole52 posted: "Look forward to seeing you in other projects and maybe fingers crossed you might return to Emmerdale one day, the door is still open. Best of luck." Priya's exit came shortly after her ex David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden) attempted to kidnap their daughter, Amba (Ava Jayasinghe), and stop Priya from leaving with her. Thankfully, he had a change of heart and returned to the village, and Priya left Emmerdale on good terms with him. Emmerdale continues on Monday at 7.30pm on ITV. 