Fishing has been banned at a “polluted” lake to allow for the ecosystem to fully recover from last summer’s extreme heatwave conditions, which led to the deaths of hundreds of fish. A substantial quantity of fish will be relocated to isolation ponds which will become their permanent homes.    The decision to remove them from Canvey Lake in Essex comes after environmental experts advised Canvey Island Town Council that it was necessary to help the ecosystem recover and improve biodiversity in the area.   Last summer’s extreme heatwave conditions meant the lake was so deprived of oxygen that a lot of fish and other wildlife died.  The lake will remain open to the public while the fishing ban is in place.  Canvey Island Town mayor, Councillor Doreen Anderson said: “We know that Canvey Lake is a valued open space for the community and popular with fishermen, but the reality is it is not a fishery or an ornamental lake."      The mayor added: “It is a surface water run off tank, designed to take water from the surrounding roads, and as such is very polluted.   “With less rainfall and warmer summers, we know that what happened in 2022 will happen again. “Unless something changes, we will keep repeating this cycle and so cannot allow such a large fish population to exist in the lake.” The council says that over the last few years and due to the impact of climate change there has been an increase in extreme heat conditions and a lack of rainfall. READ MORE: King 'won't host peace summit' with Harry and Meghan before Coronation      This combined with the shallow nature of the lake has caused excess evaporation and algal bloom.   This has led to reduced oxygen levels, and more concentrated toxins such as ammonia, in the water and in turn leads to the death of fish, water birds and other wildlife.  Many fish in the lake also suffer from Koi herpesvirus (KHV).  DON'T MISSBotched delivery of £2k sofa leaves furniture lodged in stairs  [PICTURED]Dramatic footage shows moment hero disarms gunman who killed 11 people [REPORT]William pokes fun at Kate's cooking ability in video [REVEALED]   KHV does not pose a risk to human health, but it can cause serious skin lesions in some fish and can lead to largescale mortality.   The council will be looking to work with Thames 21 and other environmental organisations to review other ecological interventions to help improve water quality. It will also hold a public consultation to review a future plan for the lake. 