Confirming the move to Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky, Rishi Sunak said it was aimed at “delivering rapidly the kind of support which will allow Ukraine to press their advantage, win this war and secure a lasting peace”. The Challenger 2 tanks will be taken from their current deployment in Poland, the Sunday Express understands, and will be joined by 30 AS-90 artillery systems. Coming six weeks before the anniversary of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, it represents a huge strategic shift in Britain’s posture over the war. Despite a rare Russian victory with the capture of the Ukrainian salt-mine town of Soledar last week, Russian forces remain heavily demoralised and plagued by supply issues, offering Ukraine a “window of opportunity”. Whitehall sources confirmed that the announcement was a “clarion call” for other allies to follow suit. Germany has committed equipment including armoured personnel carriers and has also promised a Patriot air defence missile battery. But Chancellor Olaf Scholz remains on the fence over donating Leopards, their main battle tanks. A Downing Street spokesperson said: “Alongside his closest military advisers, the Prime Minister has analysed the military picture, looked at the strategic impact of the UK’s support and identified a window where he thinks the UK and its allies can have maximum impact. “The Prime Minister is clear that a long and static war only serves Russia’s ends. That’s why he and his ministers will be speaking to our allies across the world in the days and weeks ahead to ramp up pressure on Putin and secure a better future for Ukraine.”  Defence Secretary Ben Wallace will be lobbying Germany ahead of the meeting, as well as travelling to Estonia, and Foreign Secretary James Cleverly will travel to the US to discuss leveraging the position as leading supporters of Ukraine, to galvanise further international action. He will also travel to Canada – another of Ukraine’s staunchest supporters – to discuss closer co-ordination on international sanctions and a co-ordinated effort to boost support to Ukraine. Former head of the British Army, General Lord Richard Dannatt, criticised the size of Britain’s tank offer. “There is no point in being tokenistic. We should be giving more Challengers, and Warrior armoured vehicles too,” he said. “When an army believes it has lost, it has lost – and we have to persuade Russia they have lost.” But others questioned if the UK could spare the equipment and meet its NATO commitments. A military source said: “We are not replacing the tactical weapons or armoured vehicles we are sending, leaving us close to not being able to field a capable brigade.” 