1000lb Best Friends took a dramatic turn after Meghan Crumpler used drastic methods to adapt to the limited space in the hotel room she found herself temporarily living in. However, TLC fans were left disgusted by her behaviour and threatened to boycott the show.  1000lb Best Friends gives viewers deep insight into the lives of four friends as they take on a demanding weight loss journey. As well as supporting each other, the reality show followed their family lives and the common emotional check-ins with Dr Charles Proctor. While fans were pleased to see the return of season two earlier this month, things kicked off with a devastating start for Tina Arnold after her home flooded. As a result, her family was forced to live in a hotel while her house was being repaired. READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star   Despite the initial upset about her situation, fans were shocked to see her best friend, Meghan also move into Tina’s hotel room with her fiance Jon. Although the couple were loving with Tina’s family, many questioned why Meghan and Jon didn’t get their own hotel room. After the most recent episode, the confusion soon quickly turned to backlash as viewers became angered watching the family being forced to queue for the bathroom. To make matters worse, they had to dodge the dog pee pads which Meghan had lined on the ground for Jon’s spillage.     As she failed to warn Tina about the pads, the 42-year-old stepped right onto the saturated pad, which she had also failed to clean up. Fans took to Twitter with rage as they fumed at Meghan and Jon choosing to share a room with Tina and her family. @Honeybare threatened: “The s**t show with Megan and Jon is gonna make me stop watching this show.” An angered @BeverlyFolkers tweeted: “Meghan and Jon need to get their own place to live Tina ain't their mamma!” DON'T MISS...Linda Bassett's age explained as she takes Call the Midwife spotlight [EXPLAINER]1000lb Best Friends’ Meghan opens up on health issues affecting weight [INSIGHT]My 600lb Life's Erica Wall looks unrecognisable in swimsuit snap [INSIGHT]  @DPickChic added: “Poor Tina! The nerve of Megan and John to stay in this hotel with them!!” A fourth viewer @xBlessedMonroe_ stated: “Meghan and her fiancé got money to have a wedding but can’t get their own place.” In disbelief, @redjuly7 shared: “This s**t is crazy! Why would Tina and Johnie leave their own home to go stay with family while Meghan and Jon continue to live there.” While @HeidiAguayo10 wrote: “Tina listen to your husband you guys don't need to raise Meghan and her husband they are grown adults.”  With Meghan’s hoarding tendencies, Tina’s husband Johnie became overwhelmed with the number of boxes in the hotel room. Their living situation caused a strain on their marriage as Johnie had told the cameras about potentially leaving. He also gave Tina an ultimatum, demanding Meghan and Jon leave otherwise he would walk out of their relationship. However, this was a tough decision for Tina who had already issued a stern defence for Meghan after her best friend was previously slammed by viewers. 1000lb Best Friends season 2 continues Wednesdays on TLC. 