The first joint patrols are believed to have taken place just before Christmas after months of negotiations between UK and French officials. Home Secretary Suella Braverman hailed the deal as an important moment in the battle against people smugglers profiting from human misery.  The cooperative effort aims to grant UK officers greater real-time intelligence of people-smuggling activity, tactics and migrant movements. It comes amid warnings that the number of migrants crossing the Channel could surge even higher. And the first boat arrived yesterday carrying around 40 migrants. Dozens of mainly young men were picked up from a small boat, around 9 miles off the Kent coast. The last crossings of the year took place on Christmas Day when 90 people made the journey from France in two boats. The former head of Border Force, Tony Smith, warned the number of migrants crossing the Channel could rise further still. The Ministry of Defence confirmed a record 45,756 migrants crossed the Channel to the UK in 2022 - up from- 28,526 in 2021.  Mr Smith told GB News yesterday: “I don’t think we’ve peaked, I’m afraid. I think this may continue if we can’t start showing some results, which means sending people back somewhere. “At the moment, everybody still knows really, you’ve just got to get into a dingy, get into British territorial waters and it’s very unlikely you’re going to be removed from the UK”. The former Border Force boss said the only real deterrent for those attempting the crossing would be the knowledge that many would be detained on arrival and on a fast track back out of the UK. “We really need to start removing people from our territory. “If they realise that they’re spending all this time, effort and money paying human traffickers to get to the country, and then they find within a couple of weeks actually they’re back where they started from... then I think that will be the biggest deterrent of all.”  A Home Office spokesman said of the agreement between Britain and France: “Our work with the French is vital to tackling the unacceptable rise in dangerous Channel crossings and we are committed to building on our close cooperation to date. “The new agreement will significantly increase the number of French gendarmes patrolling the beaches in northern France and ensure UK and French officers are working hand in hand to stop people smugglers.” Suella Braverman told of her “dream” of seeing the Government’s plan to send migrants to Rwanda succeed after she was appointed Home Secretary - a policy which High Court judges ruled is lawful but has so far been stalled by legal action. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak promised to bring in legislation in 2023 to make it “unambiguously clear that if you enter the UK illegally, you should not be able to remain here”.  The number of migrants crossing the Channel has steadily increased since 299 people were detected in 2018. There were 1,843 crossings recorded in 2019 and 8,466 in 2020, according to the Home Office. August last year was the highest month on record for crossings when 8,631 people arrived in the UK. August 22 saw a record 1,295 migrants crossing in a single day on 27 boats. The number of arrivals began to fall towards the end of 2022, which could reflect seasonal changes as a result of the weather. In December 1,745 people made the journey - slightly fewer than the 1,770 recorded in the last month of 2021. 