  Lisa Marie Presley sadly died at the age of 54 on January 12 after suffering a cardiac arrest, and she was laid to rest yesterday in an emotional memorial service. During the funeral, it was revealed that Elvis Presley’s only child had been a grandmother to a previously unknown granddaughter.      The singer is survived by her twins Finley and Harper Lockwood, 14, whom she shared with ex-husband Michael Lockwood. She also shared daughter Riley Keough, 33, and son Benjamin Keough with ex-husband Danny Keough. While Riley survives the late star, Benjamin tragically died by suicide in her home in 2020. During the heartbreaking memorial service held at Graceland over the weekend, Riley's husband Ben Smith-Petersen read out a letter his wife had written to her late mother. READ MORE: Michael J Fox admits struggles with Back To The Future co-star      The letter subsequently revealed that Riley had a daughter, being that Lisa Marie had been a grandmother unbeknownst to her fans. "Thank you for showing me that love is the most important things in this life," the letter stated. "I hope I can love my daughter the way you loved me, the way you loved my brother and my sisters." Page Six have since reported that Riley’s representative has confirmed she and Ben have a child together, with no further information being offered. Express.co.uk also contacted Riley’s representatives for further comment.     Riley met her Australian stuntman husband on the set of the movie Mad Max: Fury Road, and the pair went on to tie the knot in 2015. The grieving daughter’s tribute continued: "Thank you for being my mother in this life. "I am eternally grateful to have spent 33 years with you. I'm certain I chose the best mother for me in this world and I knew that as far back as I remember you. "I remember everything. I remember you giving me baths as a baby and I remember you driving me in my car seat listening to Aretha Franklin. READ MORE...Rita Ora exposes lacy bra and thong in risqué photoshoot [PICTURES] Amanda Owen admits life is 'never easy' as single mum of nine [NEWS] Love Island's Ron 'unsure what to think' after Lana's famous ex news [NEWS]       "I remember the way you would cuddle me and when I'd come into your bed at night, and the way you smelled. I remember you taking me for ice cream after school in Florida. "I remember you singing me and my brother lullabies at night and how you would lay with us until we fell asleep." As the funeral concluded, Lisa Marie was laid to rest next to her son Benjamin, who died when he was just 27 years old back in 2020. Two weeks ago,Lisa Marie’s mother Priscilla confirmed the news of her death in a statement obtained by People.      She said: "It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us. "She was the most passionate, strong, and loving woman I have ever known. “We ask for privacy as we try to deal with this profound loss,” Priscilla added. "Thank you for your love and prayers. At this time there will be no further comment."   