Kylie Jenner, 25, was sure to spark some opinions with her outfit choice over the weekend at Paris Fashion Week. The Kardashians star sported a life-sized lion head attached to her black bodycon dress, leaving Kirsty Gallacher, 47, to slam the influencer online. Kylie wore a stunning black dress at the Schiaparelli Haute Couture show for Paris Fashion Week that hugged her curves. However, it was the enormous realistic lion head attached to the front of the dress that caught the most attention. Having seen the outfit, Kirsty couldn't keep her feelings private on the matter. She wrote on Instagram: "Personally I think this is disgusting!" READ MORE: Robert Rinder 'unrecognisable' after break with Carol Vorderman Kirsty shared her comment on top of a PETA video, with the text reading: "These Schiaparelli looks have everyone talking about the horrors of trophy hunting, which murders wild animals and tears families apart. "We're also asking folks to consider the real animals who did suffer and die for this runway show, sheep and silkworms." President of PETA, Ingrid Newkirk also released a statement to Metro.co.uk, sharing their praise for Kylie and other celebrities at the Paris event. It read: "These fabulously innovative three-dimensional animal heads show that where there’s a will, there’s a way – and Kylie, Naomi [Campbell] and Irina [Shayk]’s looks celebrate the beauty of wild animals and maybe a statement against trophy hunting, in which lions and wolves are torn apart to satisfy human egotism. "Next up: Peta urges Kylie and the others to extend this creativity to exclude sheep shorn bloody for wool and silkworms boiled alive in their cocoons. "We encourage everyone to stick with 100 percent cruelty-free designs that showcase human ingenuity and prevent animal suffering." Ingrid added to TMZ: "Kylie’s look celebrates lions’ beauty and may be a statement against trophy hunting, in which lion families are torn apart to satisfy human egotism." Naomi Campbell and Irina Shayk also wore similar looks which appeared to embody the theme of "embroidered animals". DON'T MISS... Lisa Marie Presley slurs words at Golden Globes just before death [INSIGHT] Alec Baldwin 'not be charged' with shooting of director Joel Souza [HOLLYWOOD] Shakira waves from same balcony she put witch doll on amid divorce [PICS] Kirsty was not the only one to speak out against Kylie's outfit choice, Carrie Johnson, the wife of the former PM, Boris Johnson shared her views. She wrote on Instagram alongside a screenshot: "Grim! Real or fake, this just promotes trophy hunting. Yuck!" Kylie has come under criticism in the past for her outfits containing fur, most recently concerning the fur trim on her coat during last month's holiday to Aspen, Colorado. Just two years earlier she was confronted by activists while leaving a clothing store that sold fox fur. Kylie's other family members have also come under fire in the past for wearing fur, though it seems to have made the biggest impact on Kim Kardashian. In 2019, the SKIMS co-founder revealed that she had had all of the fur clothing in her closet remade with faux fur. Previously, she had been hounded by activists and was once even flour bombed by a person supporting PETA. Kylie's striking look at Paris Fashion Week comes after she finally revealed her name and shared pictures of her 11-month-old son, Aire.