Prince Harry has made several bombshell revelations in the run-up to his memoir release date but the Duke still hopes to mend his broken relationship with other members of the Firm. His comments, however, have been labelled as part of his PR campaign by a media expert. During his interview with ITV's Tom Brady, released on Sunday, Harry claimed he wanted his brother and father back and hopes to reconcile with them in the future. However, PR expert Edward Coram James told Express he believes the "bizarre" comments could be part of his marketing strategy. Speaking about the Duke's reconciliation comments, he said: "This of course could alter the Palace's perception of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. But, for these comments to be taken seriously, they need to be taken sincerely. "I am not convinced that they will. It would perhaps be naive of the Palace to take sincerely a request for reconciliation while the parties requesting reconciliation continue to attack.  "In some ways, these requests for reconciliation appear a little bizarre given the context. Do the Sussexes PR team truly believe that peace is possible while they continue to throw punches? The comments appear more a part of their PR campaign than anything else". Mr Coram, founder of Go Up, said he doesn't think Harry's comments will change anything from the Royal Family's PR stance. He said: "From a royal PR perspective, I do not think it will change anything. Mainly because their strategy to date has been to do nothing and say nothing. "And if your strategy is based on nothing, then they are in the luxurious position of not requiring a strategic pivot, even if the other side changes tactics." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan's friend claims 'this is the end of it' for couple The PR and Marketing expert said Harry and Meghan's media campaign has mostly been focused on negativity and scandal, which he said almost always fails. If the couple's aims are to heal family rifts, repair their reputation and live a quiet life, as they stated, then "their PR strategy has been a complete failure", Mr Coram said. He said it was "doomed to be a failure from the start" as "PR campaigns based on negativity will fail 99 percent of the time". "Often they will not only fail, but will often backfire. That appears to be what has happened here", he added. Harry has been involved in several interviews in the run-up to his book release, on Tuesday, in which he has shared several new and explosive revelations about his family members, and himself. It comes after Harry and Meghan's recent docuseries dropped on Netflix last month, which documented their life in the Firm and their experience since stepping down from their senior royal roles. Mr Coram said the couple may feel that these appearances give them the opportunity to tell their side of the story but it can also "alienate" people who may see them as "one trick ponies". He said: "By focusing on scandal and theatre, they have chosen the same strategy of those same tabloids that so evidently caused them so much heartache in the first place".