 Cheryl, 39, has claimed that she received somewhat of a message from Sarah Harding, who died from breast cancer in September 2021. The singer says she gets “a lot of signs” because she believes and has opened herself up to them, and those who don’t are simply “blissfully unaware”.   Girls Aloud was a pop band created through an ITV talent show in 2002, featuring Cheryl, Nadine Coyle, Sarah Harding, Nicola Roberts and Kimberley Walsh. The group disbanded in 2013 with each of the singers going their separate ways, but mostly staying friends. Sarah tragically died in 2021 following her health battle, but Cheryl believes her bandmate is still guiding her. Speaking to Gay Times, Cheryl shared a recent experience that she believes was a message from Sarah. READ MORE: Sopranos' John Ventimiglia 'heartbroken' as daughter Odele dies at 25 after welcoming baby  The singer, and now-West End star, was getting into her car when music started playing. In a peculiar occurrence, Cheryl’s phone was not plugged in and the Bluetooth in the car was off. The song, in particular, was Hear Me Out by Girls Aloud, which Cheryl joked she “wouldn’t know where to look for” to play it in the first place. The singer explained: “It started playing as I got into the car to go on a long journey and Sarah called her book Hear Me Out after that song, so I just knew it was from her.”     Sarah died at the age of 39, after raising awareness of breast cancer following her diagnosis in August of 2020. A few months later, she released her autobiography, Hear Me Out, in which she explained that she decided to go public in the hopes that more people would go see a doctor if they felt concerned, especially during the pandemic. Cheryl revealed this isn’t the first time she’s received what she believes to be contact or guidance from the other side, saying: “The more you believe in that stuff, the more of it you will be sent.” The singer admitted there aren’t many people who withstand her stories of signs and spiritual experiences noting: “They’re not something you can say with words that will make you sound coherent.”  The pop star is currently making her West End debut in 2:22 - A Ghost Story, kicking off her three-month appearance last Saturday. So far, the play has received rave reviews, with Cheryl in particular at the forefront of audiences’ praises, but compliments aren’t the only thing going home with the star. She shared: “When I get home and I hear the floorboards creep I’m a bit like, ‘Ooh! What was that?’ I am a bit more paranoid, I guess. “I have a kitchen knife under my bed in case of any danger.”  Cheryl later admitted a knife likely won’t be of any use if she’s in paranormal danger, but it gives her peace of mind. The singer leads the play as Jenny, a woman who slowly becomes convinced the new house she bought with her husband is haunted. The show has garnered a lot of attention for its rotating celebrity cast as Jenny has been played by the likes of Lily Allen, Laura Whitmore and Giovanna Fletcher. Just last year, Jenny’s husband Sam was portrayed by Tom Felton and American Horror Story star Finn Wittrock.