Cristiano Ronaldo was hounded with his iconic 'Siu' celebration after being unveiled as Al-Nassr’s new signings. The 37-year-old has joined the Saudi Arabian side on a two-year deal that has made him the highest-paid player in world football. Ronaldo had his contract terminated at Manchester United prior to the Qatar World Cup following his controversial interview with Piers Morgan that saw the Portugal international share ‘his side of the story’. The forward revealed how he lacked respect for manager Erik ten Hag amongst other criticisms of the club, prompting his much-desired release from Old Trafford. Al-Nassr were keen to sign Ronaldo over the summer but were aware that they would need to be patient, with the player favouring a move to a side in the Champions League. Though the Saudi side have finally secured the signature of their top target, much to the delight of their nation’s journalists. Ronaldo was unveiled on Tuesday afternoon to the press, and they left the ex-Juventus star looking rather uncomfortable after several journalists began to shout ‘Siu’ at the No 7. The approving chants somewhat fell flat, with others in the room refusing to partake in the celebration. Ronaldo bared an awkward smile after the chants and raised his eyebrows, before quickly turning to Al-Nassr’s presenter in hope that she would quickly brush over the situation and ask him a question to move the situation on, and she obliged. The forward addressed several major talking points during his press conference, including debunking reports that Al-Nassr were the only club interested in signing him. He said: “I can say now I had many opportunities in Europe, many clubs in Brazil, Australia, USA, even in Portugal many tried to sign me. “But I gave my word to this club not only to develop the club, but the country. I know what I want, but I also know what I don’t want. I'm a unique player, I beat all the records there [Europe], so I want to beat a few here. “This contract is unique, because I'm unique, so this is normal.” Since Ronaldo’s arrival at the Mrsool Park, several other players have been linked with a move to Al-Nassr. Sergio Ramos and Luka Modric are amongst those cited as the club’s transfer targets, with the higher powers at the side appearing keen to make use of Ronaldo’s ties with his former Real Madrid teammates. 