A third storm is approaching California after the first week of 2023 saw at least six dead from the brutal weather. Friday saw a brief lull in the bomb cyclone and storms that have battered the Golden State since New Year’s Eve. But another is set to strike on Sunday night, bringing more misery and floods. “A very active weather pattern across the Pacific Ocean will continue to push energetic and fast-moving low pressure systems toward the West Coast,” the National Weather Service said. “California continues to take the brunt of the heavy precipitation and strong winds associated with these systems as we head into the first full weekend of 2023.” Over the weekend, “additional rainfall amounts of 3 to 6 inches, with locally higher totals forecast for northern California will likely exacerbate flooding concerns over already saturated soil", the weather service warned. More atmospheric rivers will pummel the West with heavy rain and wind, and lead to flooding, causing damage to property and inducing mudslides. "There won't be much of a break in the series of storms for most of California," AccuWeather Senior Meteorologist Heather Zehr added. "Rain will return over the upcoming weekend, and yet another powerful storm will quickly move in for early next week, bringing copious amounts of moisture with it." Zehr also expects 2-4 more inches of rain to fall in the Bay Area, with greater amounts over the higher terrain north of the cities. California’s latest storm arrived in northern California on Friday night, and will spread south into the central region during the weekend. READ MORE: 'Bomb cyclone' set to slam California - what does that mean? Most of the northern two-thirds of California, with the highest population in the state, was placed under flood, gale-force wind and winter storm warnings on Friday. It follows the two separate storms that battered the state over the last week, with near-record breaking rainfall. The seaside village of Capitola in Santa Cruz county, about 60 miles south of San Francisco, suffered horrendous damage. Waves forecast to be more than 25ft tall crashed into homes and restaurants at the mouth of Soquel Creek and knocked out a section of its historic wooden pier. San Francisco also had its wettest 10-day period since 1871 between December 26 and January 4, where 10.33in of rain fell. At least six people have been killed in the severe weather since New Year’s weekend, with police in Fairfield, 50 miles northeast of San Francisco, saying a woman died in a car crash on a flooded road. In the Sonoma County town of Occidental, Fire Chief Ronald Lunardi told local media that a child was killed when a tree blew onto a family's home. AccuWeather also reported that in a video captured by Storm Chaser Brandon Clement in the coastal city of Carmel-By-The-Sea, large, powerful waves could be seen crashing down on the rocky shoreline. Authorities noted massive storm swells, estimated to be 35-50 feet tall, came crashing into parts of the town, Monterey County Weekly reported. “We’ve lived here 11 years and this is the worst flooding we’ve seen,” Carmel Point resident Simon Bull told the outlet. Meanwhile the Sierra Nevada saw a massive amount of snow, with snowpack totals nearing what is typical for an entire season. The San Francisco Chronicle reported that the current average snowpack across the range is at a 10-year high, and according to the California Department of Water Resources, the amount of water locked in the snow ranges from 15 to 20 inches across the mountain range. That equivalency in the southern Sierra Nevada range is currently around 200 percent of what is normal for the season to date and is at 80 percent of what is typical for an entire season.