The green-fingered experts at GardeningExpress.co.uk have broken down all of the mood-boosting benefits that come with having greenery in the home. After the festive celebrations, January is often a sluggish month for most people. Going back to work as well as money worries can leave people feeling low. Not only do they look great but houseplants are known to reduce stress and anxiety which makes them a great addition to the home, especially in January. Nick Wood, horticulturist at GardeningExpress said: “January is a tough month, everyone’s back to work and it almost feels as though there’s not much to look forward to. “Houseplants are a really great way to improve your mood and being around them will lower stress levels and make you feel calmer. READ MORE: David Domoney shares ‘hardest working’ air-purifying houseplant - ‘one of my favourites’ “It’s part of our DNA to crave nature and adding a few houseplants around your home or on your office desk is a great way to fix that desire. “Plants like the Nephrolepis can actually purify the air in your home which can help you relax and lead to a better quality of sleep. “Other plants like the Epipremnum aureum and the Monstera deliciosa, also known as the Swiss Cheese plant, look amazing in the home, they’re bright and beautiful making them an instant mood lifter.” DON'T MISS‘Natural home remedies’ that ‘effectively’ get rid of common houseplant pests [EXPERT] 5 ‘mistakes’ to avoid that ‘kill’ orchids [WARNING] Seven houseplants that remove dust and toxins from the air [PROPERTY] Reduce stress Countless studies have shown that caring for houseplants is known to reduce stress and improve overall well-being. Provides a connection to nature Most people are aware that nature is great for our mental well being and having a houseplant brings an element of nature inside of your home, providing you with that important connection. Improves air quality Poor air quality can actually increase anxiety and stress levels. Plants promote better air quality which can help to relieve tension so they’re great to have in the office, or in a study. Improves sleep Certain plants like lavender have been known to improve the quality of sleep as they relax our muscles and promote a calm environment. Boosts productivity Humans have an innate craving to be around nature in our DNA which is known as Biophilia. Being around greenery helps this craving and can make us feel replenished, boosting our productivity. They add colour Houseplants are a great way to add colour to your home and there are so many to choose from. Being surrounded by bright colours is something that can instantly lift our mood. Provides a sense of accomplishment Caring for a houseplant, or plants in general, provides a sense of accomplishment and can make you feel good about yourself especially if you’re not used to having plants. Promotes relaxation Reducing levels of stress and anxiety means that houseplants are also great for promoting relaxation at the end of a long day. This makes them the perfect addition to a living room. Creating a sense of calm Some plants can create a really calming environment which is great especially for people with busy schedules. Enhancing creativity Plants help improve our focus and some people have found that plants have helped enhance their creativity. For information on gardening please visit GardeningExpress’ website here