Florence Pugh, 27, saw herself surrounded by controversy last year after she went braless under a sheer dress that exposed her nipples. The Black Widow actress has now doubled down on her defence of the outfit, questioning why her critics were “offended” by her breasts being on display. Florence explained that she has “never been scared” of letting people see her body underneath sheer fabrics and would wear anything she is “happy” wearing. “Of course, I don’t want to offend people, but I think my point is: How can my nipples offend you that much?" the Hollywood star said in a new interview with Vogue. “It’s very important that we do this.” She continued: “I know that some people might scoff at me saying that, but if a dress with my breasts peeking through is encouraging people to say, ‘Well, if you were to get raped, you would deserve it,’ it just shows me that there’s so much more work to do.” READ MORE: Denise Welch named ‘abusive bully’ by Piers Morgan's son in Meghan row It is not the first time Florence addressed the backlash her dress caused, having previously taken to Instagram, to fire back at her critics, after sporting the nipple-baring dress at the Valentino Haute Couture show in Rome back in July 2022. The Lady Macbeth star shared a series of pictures of the hot pink dress, which featured a floor-length tulle skirt. In two of the photos, Florence could be seen posing on stairs while the sun set behind her, before a third picture showed her covering her nipples with her index fingers. In a lengthy caption, the movie star lashed out at critics critiquing the size of her cleavage as she assured “not a wink of me was nervous” to wear the dress. She began: “Listen, I knew when I wore that incredible Valentino dress that there was no way there wouldn’t be a commentary on it. “Whether it be negative or positive, we all knew what we were doing.” Florence went on to criticise the “vulgar” men who made remarks about her body, which she had learned to accept over the years. She added: “It isn’t the first time and certainly won’t be the last time a woman will hear what’s wrong with her body by a crowd of strangers, what’s worrying is just how vulgar some of you men can be. DONT MISS:Meghan and Harry's pal Omid Scobie admits his book may not be accurate [UPDATE]Amanda Holden goes braless in skintight red dress despite bloat fears [NEWS]Lorraine Kelly distracted by Prince Harry's voice in ITV interview [LATEST] “Thankfully, I’ve come to terms with the intricacies of my body that make me, me. I’m happy with all of the ‘flaws’ that I couldn’t bear to look at when I was 14.” Florence concluded her statement by calling on her followers to “respect humans”. She received an outpouring of support from fans and industry colleagues, who rushed to the post’s comments section to weigh in on the subject. Actress Joey King said: “You are truly so amazing. You put into words what so many feel but can’t articulate.” Emma.walsh.24 added: “Idk how anyone could look at that photo and say anything negative. You looked incredible…” (sic) _eveblackk commented: “I thought you looked beautiful florence #nipsarenormal.” Regan_.quinn simply stated: “I think you look amazing.” Vogue's Winter 2023 issue is available on newsstands nationwide on January 24th.