Arsenal icon Paul Merson called out two Tottenham stars for their roles in the 2-0 defeat to the Gunners in the north London derby on Sunday. An own goal from Hugo Lloris and Martin Odegaard’s strike gave the visitors all three points, as they moved eight points clear at the top of the Premier League table with the emphatic win. Merson felt that both Lloris and Ryan Sessegnon should have done better for the opening goal of the game, when Bukayo Saka twisted and turned the Spurs wing-back before his deflected cross found its way past the French goalkeeper at the near post. Merson admitted that he initially felt sorry for Sessegnon after Saka changed his run, but that the defender needed to close down Arsenal’s star man sooner. “They’ve been absolutely outstanding, Arsenal,” Merson told Sky Sports. “Tottenham haven’t got near them, this is brilliant. I feel sorry for Sessegnon because Saka’s come short every time and then that time he goes and spins. Great run along the line, and then I think Sessegnon has got to engage - he can’t let him do that. "Then it’s a bad mistake by the goalie, but watch this for a run. He runs to Sessegnon and then inside, never going to be offside, and then I want Sessegnon to come out here and stop this.” Before the game, Merson highlighted the role Arsenal’s midfield would play as he confidently predicted a comfortable win for Mikel Arteta’s outfit. He urged Antonio Conte to make a change to his system in order to stop the Gunners’ numerical advantage in midfield against Pierre Emile Hojbjerg and Pape Matar Sarr, and hit out at the Italian for not altering his team in the first half. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'put on UEFA watchlist' as they sign Mudryk for £88m feeArsenal target Mykhaylo Mudryk flying to UK for Chelsea medicalChelsea 'very close' to signing Mudryk as Arsenal target open to move “They’ve been really bad,” Merson added. “Arsenal have been great and they’ve had two good chances, or one and a half good chances. For me, you’re talking about one of the greatest managers about in Conte, he hasn’t changed it and let that team go out there and get absolutely ripped to shreds - he had to change it. “If I’m being completely honest anyone could go out there and play where Partey is at the moment, no one’s got near him. I can’t believe how a manager of that quality has not tried to nip this in the bud - it’s pretty embarrassing.” Conte did not change his system in the second half and resumed with his 3-4-3 shape that asked Sarr and Hojbjerg to deal with the Arsenal triple threat of Partey, Odegaard and Granit Xhaka, that has been the bedrock of Arsenal’s successful season so far.