Arsenal will trigger the one-year option in Mohamed Elneny's contract, according to reports. That is despite the serious knee injury suffered by the Egyptian and the arrival of Jorginho from Chelsea. Elneny looks set to miss the majority of the rest of the season. He picked up an injury in training earlier in January and has undergone surgery which Arsenal say will rule him out for an extended period. It is the second serious injury he has had this season. The 30-year-old had a hamstring problem earlier in the campaign which kept him out for over two months. Elneny has made just one start in the Premier League this term, and featured just once in the Europa League group stage. Elneny's contract is set to expire in the summer. Arsenal transfer news LIVE: Jorginho deal leaked, Caicedo latest, Elneny blow  But Arteta is not prepared to see him leave just yet. PA Sport claims Arsenal are planning to trigger the option in Elneny's contract to keep him at the club until 2024. The injury has not had an impact on discussions and the extension could be announced in the next week. Fans may have expected to see Elneny leave the club following the arrival of Jorginho. Jorginho is set to join on deadline day from Chelsea after an initial £10million deal was agreed. The Italian has already been seen pictured in an Arsenal shirt and an announcement is set to be imminent. But despite the 31-year-old joining, Arsenal are set to also keep Elneny. Arteta played alongside Elneny during his final season at Arsenal and has always been a fan of his former team-mate. DON'T MISSArsenal chief Edu has learnt his lesson despite Jorginho criticismArsenal may be about to pull off transfer masterstroke with 'top' signingMan Utd 'on the verge' of signing Sabitzer in deadline day U-turn  He stressed the importance of the Egypt international in his squad when he signed his last contract in May 2022. Arteta said: "Mo is a really important part of the team. "He brings endless energy, enthusiasm and commitment to the team and is loved by everyone. He’s an important player for us on and off the pitch, a real role model to our younger players and I’m delighted he’s staying." Elneny was an Arsene Wenger signing in January 2016. He signed from Basel for a fee of £5m. He has played over 150 times for the Gunners in all competitions. He scored on his last appearance for the club before injury, netting in the FA Cup third-round win over Oxford in early January.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here