  BBC Breakfast star Carol Kirkwood, 60, spoke to journalist Riz Lateef, 43, about the times she can get frustrated despite her sunny demeanour in an interview on BBC Radio London. The journalist even suggested that the beloved weather presenter suffered from “road rage” following her out-of-character admission.      During their chat Riz asked Carol if, despite usually being “like sunshine” in her everyday life, she ever has a “grumpy day”. “Oh yes!” Carol replied quickly. “If you’d seen me when I got out of bed this morning.” Laughing, she continued: “Yes, of course I do. And actually, you know, going through life - things annoy you. “And you try and just get over it and move on. I mean, what other choice is there? But yes, definitely.” READ MORE: Andrew Neil says Prince Harry’s claims about Taliban will ‘haunt him’     The weather presenter, who commutes daily to the BBC Breakfast studios in the early hours of the morning, then went on to share her feelings about driving. “You know on the roads when I’m driving sometimes, things like people not using their indicators is a big bugbear of mine,” she admitted. “You’re sitting at a junction, there’s a gap in the traffic, you’re thinking, ‘Oh I need to go, oh I can’t…’” “I’m going to call you ‘Road Rage Carol’,” Riz joked, as Carol let out a mock scream of frustration.     “But that kind of thing gets on my wick,” Carol added with another chuckle. Carol also shocked the radio host when she revealed she routinely wakes up at 2:45am to start her day. “I’ve been doing it for the best part of 25 years, but you never actually get used to it,” Carol admitted. “I equate it to… If you have to get up early to catch a flight somewhere, you don’t really sleep properly the night before. READ MORE... James Martin opens up on not having kids because of his career [INSIGHT]Zara and Mike Tindall party with Chris Hemsworth and wife Elsa in Oz [NEWS]Catherine Zeta-Jones wows in lace lingerie as she flaunts endless legs [NEWS]      “So, I try to be religious about going to bed by eight O’clock, but I’m human and I don’t always manage that - especially in the summer. “When you see everybody out having a drink by the river…” Carol added wistfully, as Riz pointed out that it would also still be light outside. One other sweet revelation to come out of the interview was that Carol’s doting fiancé Steve always wakes up with her to make her morning’s a little easier. The BBC Breakfast favourite described Steve as a “star”, as she confirmed he got up to make her tea and a packed breakfast before the crack of dawn every morning.       Carol has been helping BBC viewers prepare for the UK’s unpredictable weather since 1998. She also won over the hearts of the nation when she competed in the 13th series of BBC One's Strictly Come Dancing in 2015. Riz Lateef is next available to listen to on Friday at 7am on BBC Radio London. BBC Breakfast airs tomorrow morning at 6am on BBC One.   