Barcelona are reportedly willing to consider transfer offers for three talented forwards with potential consequences for Manchester United, Chelsea and Arsenal. Ousmane Dembele and Robert Lewandowski have been labelled untouchable at the Nou Camp but their attacking peers could be the subject of high-profile moves by the end of the month. Despite suffering through financial difficulty over the past few years, Barca chief Joan Laporta pulled some strings behind the scenes to oversee a free-spending summer transfer window that saw the likes of Raphinha, Jules Kounde and Lewandowski arrive in Catalonia. That has landed manager Xavi with a squad capable of winning the La Liga title, and La Blaugrana currently sit three points clear at the top of the table, but it has also left him with unenviable selection headaches in certain areas of the pitch. In Ousmane Dembele, Ansu Fati, Raphinha and Ferran Torres, Barca have four high-quality wide options to choose from, which has left some of the finest wingers in Europe scrambling for minutes. JUST IN: Transfer news LIVE - Arsenal exit confirmed, Chelsea reach agreement Fati - once hailed as the future of the football club - has been restricted to just five league starts this season, while Torres has managed one more with six. The former Manchester City star, who signed in a £47million deal just over 12 months ago, has only managed two league goals this term. Barca beat stiff competition to land Raphinha during the summer but even he has been limited to seven La Liga starts, with Dembele and Lewandowski very much the crown jewels of Xavi's forward line. According to El Chiringuito, the Frenchman and the Pole are considered untouchable in the transfer market. DON'T MISS...Tottenham and QSI 'left specific topic off the table' during 'talks'Liverpool could sign four stars to solve major squad issueArsenal break Barcelona-style curse in Oxford United FA Cup win One the other hand, the same report highlights that La Blaugrana would supposedly be willing to listen to offers for Fati, Torres and Raphinha. The development could spur three Premier League heavyweights into action with players admired at Old Trafford, the Emirates and Stamford Bridge now believed to be in the shop window. United have previously been linked with Fati and were even rumoured to be closing in on a whopping £133m move back in 2020. Now two years down the line and a less attractive prospect due to injury issues and slow progress, the Red Devils could be tempted to revisit their previous interest due to the possibility of striking a good-value deal.  Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta's previous spell at Man City didn't overlap with Torres', but the 22-year-old winger made a positive impression on the Spaniard at the Etihad with intelligent positioning and clinical finishing. The Gunners are pushing to sign a winger this month, and if their swoop for Mykhaylo Mudryk doesn't work out, Torrres could be one of the next best options. Finally, Chelsea were in the mix to sign Raphinha during the summer but saw the Brazilian snatched away at the last minute after Barca made their move. The Blues are also interested in Mudryk, but they may have to do without him amid claims that he would prefer to sign for Arsenal, which could lead manager Graham Potter back to Raphinha with La Blaugrana listening to sensible offers.