Prince Andrew is “likely” to be kept away from King Charles III’s coronation celebration in May, which will see him crowned in Westminster Abbey, with three days of festivities including two processions, a Windsor Castle consort, Buckingham Palace balcony appearance and street parties across Britain. But do you think the Duke of York should be invited? Vote in our poll.  Former civil servant Jill Rutter told Times: “I would have thought the Royal Family didn’t want the Platinum Jubilee overshadowed by this and won’t want the Coronation overshadowed by more legal shenanigans from Prince Andrew. I think they’ll tell him to shut up and go away.” Andrew stepped down from his role as a senior royal following his Newsnight interview in 2019 and was subsequently stripped of his military titles and royal patronages and HRH status following a civil sexual assault case brought against him by accuser Virginia Giuffre last year. Andrew has always denied the claims and the pair reached an out-of-court financial settlement. READ MORE: Andrew to face Coronation snub as royals wants to avoid 'legal' battle The Duke reportedly wants Ms Giuffre to retract allegations and attempt to secure an apology, which could allow Andrew to make a royal return. A source told the Mail on Sunday: “He wants to see what legal routes might be available to him. This isn't about the money. He wants a route back to some sort of normality after a deeply trying period. I can tell you with confidence that Prince Andrew's team is now considering legal options.” For Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee in June last year, several events were restricted to working members of the Royal Family, including appearances on the famous Buckingham Palace balcony. This means that as non-working royals Andrew, alongside Prince Harry and Meghan Markle could be invited to coronation celebrations deemed family occasions. Speaking of the coronation plans, a Buckingham Palace aide told the Times: “The King’s aspirations are for the coronation to be a moment of joyful, inclusive celebration for the nation, the Commonwealth and the realms, reflecting that Britain is a more modern and diverse nation than it was in 1953. So what do YOU think? Should Andrew be invited to the Coronation? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.