Real Madrid’s dream transfer window in the summer of 2009 would have cost them over £300million today once the fees have been adjusted by inflation. Over the course of the window the club shaped their future signing Cristiano Ronaldo, Karim Benzema and Xabi Alonso among others with the trio considered club legends today. In 2009, Madrid changed the shape of the transfer market forever by breaking the record fee twice in the same window. First Kaka arrived from AC Milan for £56m smashing the previous record, also set by the club, when they forked out £46.6m for Zinedine Zidane in 2001. It was only a matter of weeks before they did it again, spending £80m to bring Ronaldo to the Bernabeu from Manchester United in what was one of the most sensational transfers of all-time. Alonso, Benzema, Raul Albiol, Alvaro Negredo, Alvaro Arbeloa and Esteban Granero all also made the move bringing the club’s expenditure to around £222m. However, the club’s business may not have been possible today given the nature of inflation from 2009 to today. Inflation has gone up by 46% since the summer that year meaning Madrid’s outlay in today’s money would be £324m. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE The rise is reflected in the transfer fees. The £80m the club forked out for Ronaldo would cost around £117m in the present day while Kaka would have came with a fee of £82m. Ronaldo’s time at Madrid was a huge success with the Portugal captain scoring 450 goals in 438 appearances as he broke the club’s goalscoring record. He also won the Champions League on four occasions as well as winning La Liga and the Copa del Rey twice. On his departure he wrote a heart felt goodbye, insisting the club had captured his heart. “These years in Real Madrid, and in this city of Madrid, have been possibly the happiest of my life,” he wrote in an open letter to the fans. “I only have feelings of enormous gratitude for this club, for its fans and for this city. I can only thank all of them for the love and affection I have received. DON'T MISSChelsea ace Marc Cucurella causes Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink and Jamie Carragher disagreementShakhtar chief spotted yards from Todd Boehly as Chelsea and Arsenal battle intensifiesMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag casts doubt over Jadon Sancho return following Holland exile “Real Madrid has conquered my heart, and that of my family, and that is why more than ever I want to say thank you: thanks to the club, the President, the directors, my colleagues, all the technical staff, doctors, physios and incredible workers that make everything work, that tirelessly pursue every minute detail. “Thanks to all and, of course, as I said that first time in our stadium nine years ago: Go Madrid!”