 On Wednesday night, the Guardian published a number of bombshell claims it says are contained within the pages of Prince Harry’s memoir. Among them is the allegation that Prince William physically assaulted his younger brother during an argument. The book, Spare, isn’t set to hit shelves until next Tuesday and has been under lock and key in warehouses around the world to avoid leaks. On Thursday morning it was revealed the book accidentally went on sale early in Spain. So what happened here?   Prince Harry’s upcoming memoir, Spare, had already hit the number two spot on Amazon’s bestseller list a week before it was set to go on sale on January 10. The Duke of Sussex was widely expected to bare-all in the book, doubling down on his attacks on the Royal Family, and anticipation had reached a fever pitch as the release date drew near. As a result, publishers Penguin Random House is said to have spared no expense in preventing copies from leaking prior to publication. The stringent security measures in place have drawn comparisons to the release of the final instalment of the Harry Potter series back in 2007. Legal contracts, armed guards and satellites were all at hand at the time to ensure the plot of JK Rowling’s wizarding saga was kept under wraps.   The arrangements for Spare were kept a closely guarded secret, but an immense logistical operation was underway to ensure copies arrive at bookshops around the world simultaneously and at the last minute. In spite of this, just after midnight on Thursday, the Guardian published a story based on a series of quotes from the book. Then, on Thursday morning, the Spanish translation of the book, entitled "En La Sombra" – translating to "in the shadow" – was revealed to be out in the open. Some booksellers in Spain were found to have been breaking the publication embargo five days early. Alongside discussion of the explosive allegations contained within, the story has also prompted debate over how the Guardian – which typically overlooks royal stories – got its hands on what is believed to be an English-language copy before everyone else. Was a single copy released in advance on the orders of the publisher or Prince Harry’s team to drum up media coverage ahead of it going on sale? Or did one of the globally-distributed books simply slip through the cracks? READ MORE: Prince Harry refuses to confirm he'll attend father's coronation  The journalist responsible for the Guardian piece was Martin Pengelly, breaking news editor for Guardian US. Based in New York, the British-born former Independent and Times editor has developed a reputation for pre-release scoops across the pond. Just over two years ago, Mr Pengelly got a hold of Donald Trump’s former chief of staff Mark Meadow’s memoir a week ahead of schedule. His piece then contained the revelation that Mr Trump had tested positive for the coronavirus three days before the first presidential debate of the 2020 election, and that the White House had kept it secret. Mr Pengelly was also first to see Michael Wolff’s 2018 bestseller, “Fire and Fury”, as well as former FBI director James B. Comey’s memoir. In December 2021, the Washington Post described him as “the reporter who always seems to get a copy of the hottest tell-all Trump book first.” Speaking to the Post, the author of one of these high-profile books, speaking anonymously, said Mr Pengelly’s article about the book “caught all involved by surprise,” before adding: “Pengelly certainly has some good publishing connections.” DON'T MISS:NHS patient forced to wait TWO DAYS for treatment [REACTION]Banished Words List 2023—The top 10 'forbidden' terms you're using [REVEAL]Tories could turn things around with 'President Rishi' strategy [INISGHT]Millions of Britons poised for £500 energy bill boost [REPORT]  He has now done it again, only in the UK this time, snagging a pre-publication copy of Spare six days ahead of the rest of the world. According to the BBC, Mr Pengelly said his article is “a report on Harry's book, which he's written, it's Harry's account.” Speaking to BBC Radio 5 Live, the reporter said: “We carefully, obviously in reporting it, didn't call it a fight because Harry says he didn't fight back.” On the same programme on Thursday morning, solicitor Joshua Rozenberg said: “It really doesn’t look to me as if it was a deliberate leak, I’m sure the publishers are upset that it has been leaked in this way. Presumably someone has chosen to slip a copy to a reporter. It wouldn’t be the first time that had happened. “If the publishers can find out who it was who did that, well they might have a course to take legal action, or they may take the view that this was inevitable sooner or later and it’s attracted publicity to the book.” Others have raised suspicions that the book was in fact leaked to the Guardian on purpose, owing to the fact that of all British media outlets, the left-leaning publication has generally been the most sympathetic towards the Sussexes.   According to the Guardian, the incident relates to an argument the brothers had in 2019, during which the Prince of Wales described Meghan Markle as “abrasive” and “difficult”. A physical altercation is said to have followed, in which Prince Harry was grabbed by the collar and knocked to the floor, landing on a dog's bowl. Buckingham Palace is yet to release a statement, while Kensington Palace has said it “has no comment to make.” Mr Pengelly has said Prince William’s communication team was not approached for comment. US celebrity news website Page Six also claims to have seen the book, publishing an extract in which Harry allegedly blames his brother and sister-in-law Kate for his disastrous Nazi costume party appearance in 2005. Express.co.uk has contacted Martin Pengelly for comment.