Newcastle are reportedly set to make one last attempt to negotiate with Chelsea to sign Conor Gallagher on deadline day. Eddie Howe admitted before the January transfer window that the club wouldn't be looking to spend big money due to Financial Fair Play restrictions. TRANSFER DEADLINE DAY LIVE But that stance appeared to change last week as they agreed a deal worth up to £45million to sign Anthony Gordon from Everton. A central striker is reportedly on Howe's wishlist to provide cover for Callum Wilson and Alexander Isak after Chris Wood joined Nottingham Forest. However, more pressing for the Newcastle boss is another midfielder with Shelvey being allowed to leave. "It will be very difficult to keep Jonjo currently with where he wants his career to go," Howe said. "You can keep players that want to leave but you have to take every situation independently and try and judge everything. It's a very difficult situation because from a footballing perspective I definitely want to keep Jonjo but there's his situation to think about."  The 30-year-old had fallen down the pecking order at St James' Park this season, but he was still seen as a valuable member of the squad. His departure now leaves Howe short of alternative options in midfield and a replacement for Shelvey is wanted in the final hours of the transfer window. Chelsea star Gallagher is still seen as the top target, but the Telegraph claim Newcastle are unwilling to meet the £50m asking price. The Blues are said to have no interest in loaning Gallagher out to Newcastle as they consider them a 'direct rival for European qualification'.  But Chelsea's high demands are also putting Newcastle off of making a permanent move this month with a deal said to be 'unlikely at this stage'. Ruben Loftus-Cheek and Sander Berge have been linked as alternative options, but Newcastle also look set to miss out on signing either of them. Newcastle appear willing to wait until the summer to try again with an approach for Gallagher. But they're still hoping a 'final enquiry' on deadline day will lead to a breakthrough in negotiations. The England international has started Chelsea's last two Premier League matches and is slowly becoming a regular in Graham Potter's starting line-up.