The Met Office has a number of yellow weather warnings in place which apply for parts of southern England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales. It warns that snow and ice could cause disruption on roads and railways with longer journey times by road, bus and train services. With most towns and cities seeing temperatures drop below freezing, drivers may have to deal with ice, frost and condensation. One expert has suggested some clever ways to save time in the morning. Mike Thompson, COO of Leasing Options, said: “There are many hacks for preventing moisture and some are, granted, more effective than others. “Ultimately, drivers need to keep windows clean to prevent moisture from clinging to dirt. “Avoid leaving wet items in the car, like damp umbrellas and jackets as these will add more moisture to the air.” READ MORE: 'Mr Loophole' Nick Freeman issues urgent warning for drivers Cat litter pellets are designed to absorb pet excretions, but Leasing Options swore by using this to absorb moisture in the air, too. Drivers can put fresh cat litter in a pair of tights, tie them to secure and place them on the windscreen and rear window shelf to soak up any occurring moisture. With temperatures expected to drop overnight, this could come in handy with drivers looking to set off as soon as possible in the morning. DON'T MISSExpansion of ULEZ will 'isolate people' and could 'price out' workers [SHOCKING]Drivers warned of massive £5,000 fine for splashing pedestrians [WARNING]Tesla slashes electric car prices by £9,000 despite driver fury [IMPORTANT] This hack is often used to prevent bathroom mirrors from steaming up, but it also works in the car too. The classic tip involves rubbing neat washing-up liquid with a dry cloth onto windows and buffing them until dry. This stops condensation from forming when warm air settles on the cool surface of the window. READ MORE: Paris looks to ban 'extremely divisive' electric scooters Dropping silica gel packets into a box and keeping them in their car can help prevent moisture buildup. When researching the science behind why this works, Leasing Options found the handy sachets often found in boxes of new shoes reduce the relative humidity in a closed area by up to a staggering 40 percent. Even better, once the sachets are heavy with moisture, they can be warmed to dry out and reused in the car again. It may seem counterintuitive, but experts even suggested slathering shaving foam across the windows, rubbing it in with fingers then wipe off. The film left behind after wiping off prevents moisture from adhering to the window, leaving windows mist-free. Because shaving foam is so highly aerated, it keeps the film layer thin enough that it wouldn’t leave any streaks or marks that might obstruct the view of the road. Filling a tupperware box of coarse rock salt is a popular dehumidifying option in homes, but can also be used in a car. To prevent the salt from spilling over, put a lid on the box and pierce holes in it to allow it to still work its magic.