The Duke of Sussex has continued to top headlines with the claims he has made against the Royal Family in his memoir, Spare, and multiple TV interviews. Russell Myers joined Lorraine Kelly to discuss Harry's latest bombshell that he has enough information to write a second book. Russell told Lorraine: "The damage is getting worse and worse and worse by the day, Harry is still carrying on the interviews and as Jennie [Bond] said he's spoken about the fact that he has enough for another book and whether he would do that. "I think at the moment if he doesn't get what he wants the threats are there, it's tantamount to blackmail at the moment, by saying 'if you don't give me what you want if you don't sit down with me I've got this in my locker'. "It is a pretty damaging time at this stage where the monarchy are really trying to pick themselves out of this sort of grief from losing the Queen. "The public are feeling that as well so it probably couldn't have come at a worse time." READ MORE: Happy Valley fans 'work out' Hepworth's link to Tommy Royal biographer, Tom Bower, has also hit out at Harry's claims and expressed he feels the Royal Family need to "hit back". He told Good Morning Britain presenters Susanna Reid and Ed Balls: "They are not right and they haven't been wronged and for the Royal Family to anyway see the compromise, a couple who have proven themselves as so unreliable so untrustworthy. "The damage to the Royal Family in my view is absolutely colossal. I think it is time to make a statement because I think Harry has no other option. "For his own income, profit, Meghan's income and profit to continue these allegations into the future, into infinity. "At some stage, the Royal Family does have to draw a line and say that this is untrue, these allegations are untrue." In his memoir, Harry revealed things about the family no one had ever heard before, which included suspicions Prince William had about Camilla, "the other woman" at the time. He wrote in Spare: "Despite Willy and me urging him not to, Pa was going ahead [with marrying Camilla]. We pumped his hand, wished him well. No hard feelings. "We recognized that he was finally going to be with the woman he loved, the woman he’d always loved." DON'T MISS...James Martin hugs Brian Turner as he makes 'stammer' confession [LATEST]Dick Strawbridge airs concern as Angel Adoree makes Chateau demand  [WATCH]Call The Midwife's Miss Higgins star admits to being 'diva' on set [INSIGHT] Harry claimed he remembers wondering if his future stepmother would be cruel to him "like all the wicked stepmothers in storybooks". He told The Telegraph last week: "It could have been two books, put it that way. And the hard bit was taking things out. "There are some things that have happened, especially between me and my brother, and to some extent between me and my father, that I just don’t want the world to know. Because I don’t think they would ever forgive me." Discussing the comments made about Camilla and the impact it has had on King Charles, a royal insider told US Weekly: "He's angry and outraged that Harry's aired so many embarrassing and damaging assertions and it's put him in a terrible position with Camilla, of course, now she's been dragged into the equation. "That's really crossed the line in more ways than one but there are so many egregious comments and revelations from Harry that his father doesn't know where to start. "He has hope that in time the dust will settle and Harry will soften his heart toward his family, at least he hopes so. "But he's not going to push or apologise." Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.