Rachel Riley and her Strictly Come Dancing husband Pasha Kovalev take a lie detector test during Jon and Lucy's Odd Couples, which will air tonight. However, things take an unexpected turn in the Channel 4 show when Pasha asked his wife whether she urinates in the shower. In a first-look clip of the lie detector test, Rachel laughed and simply replied: "Yeah. "Since I've been pregnant everything has gone out the window." The clip then cut to host Lucy Beaumont who asked Pasha whether he minds Rachel "p*****g in the shower". The professional dancer laughed as he told the host: “Not at all! It’s fun!” READ MORE: ITV viewers 'shaking with rage' and 'switch off' Harry interview "She wees on you, does she?" Lucy probed further which led Rachel to put her head in her hands. "I think you're taking it to the next level. No," Pasha explained. Guest Richard Herring chipped in: "The shower is a good place to do that..." "Some people like that sort of thing," Lucy weighed in. "From personal experience, right?" Pasha said to Richard. "A golden shower," Lucy continued as Rachel asked: "How do you find out if your other half is into that?" Jon joked "You sort of drop it in as you're walking down the street." Elsewhere in the show, Rachel revealed a series of embarrassing photos of Pasha she’s taken when he’s fallen asleep in “random places”. One photo saw a naked Pasha asleep on a sofa with only a cushion hiding his modesty. DON'T MISS...Queen Victoria 'blamed' son for 'killing' Prince Albert, expert claims [INSIGHT]Emmerdale exit for Cain Dingle as fans 'work out' murder plot  [SPOILERS]ITV viewers 'switch off' as fans slam Gordon Ramsay new show [REACTION] During the Channel 4 series, Jon Richardson and Lucy will put their own marriage flaws to one side to judge everyone else’s. The comedians invite two unsuspecting celebrity couples each week to go head-to-head and decide who has the best relationship in this new comedy panel show. During tonight's episode, Rachel and Pasha compete against Richard and Catie Wilkins. Each team are made to tackle an impossibly dirty bathroom, have a nightmare makeover and discover dark secrets about each other during a lie detector test. Rachel and Pasha met on Strictly Come Dancing in 2013 when they were partnered up together. The couple went on to get married and have welcomed two children together since. In the past, the Countdown star has openly spoken about the challenges of motherhood and during lockdown, she admitted they struggled with their youngest daughter Maven. She said to Hello!: “Maven was just three months old when the world went into lockdown, and Pasha and I made the mistake of not getting her onto a bottle. “She refused to take a bottle for the rest of the time she was drinking milk, which meant that she was reliant on me.”   