Liverpool and Tottenham Hotspur have reportedly earmarked Fulham midfielder Joao Palhinha for a potential summer swoop. The Premier League giants are interested in signing Palhinha after his seamless transition into English football this season. Fulham beat Wolves to the 27-year-old's signature in the summer, paying Sporting Lisbon £20million to add him to Marco Silva's newly-promoted squad. That fee will now be viewed as sensational value for money at Craven Cottage after he has helped Fulham enjoy an impressive return to the top flight. Palhinha's consistent displays in the heart of the Cottagers' midfield have helped them sit seventh after 18 games, closer to the Champions League spots (seven points) than the relegation zone (13). And, according to transfer expert Dean Jones, he has unsurprisingly caught the attention of two of the league's biggest outfits. Jones told GiveMeSport: "His consistency is almost unrivalled across the league for players in this position, and it is understood that Liverpool and Tottenham are two of the clubs casting an eye over him at the moment. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE "Fulham know they have an absolute gem in this 27-year-old Portuguese international and absolutely do not want to lose him." Fulham will be under no pressure to sell at the end of his first campaign, given he is under contract in west London until 2027. Liverpool or Tottenham will have to submit an offer the club can't refuse, especially if they maintain their Premier League status after the strong start since regaining promotion. In that case, Fulham will be in line for a healthy profit on the bargain fee they paid to lure Palhinha from Portugal. DON'T MISS: Graham Potter confirms Joao Felix debut plan after long-term injury  Liverpool and Tottenham are both thought to be looking to upgrade their midfield options in 2023. The Reds are one of the favourites to sign Jude Bellingham after missing out on Aurelien Tchouameni last year and are also linked with Benfica's Enzo Fernandez and Brighton and Hove Albion's Moises Caicedo. Antonio Conte wants more midfield signings at Tottenham and is said to be eyeing Barcelona's Franck Kessie and Brighton's Alexis Mac Allister, among others. Palhinha has seemingly joined others on both club's transfer wishlists, though, and could be the subject of high-profile approaches this summer. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here