A nine-year-old has shared his excitement after finding what he believes to be a world record-length chip. As Archie Davies and his family sat down to enjoy their dinner, he discovered an extraordinarily large chip from the packet - and now is set on finding out if it could be a world record. The family from Pontypool in Wales were shocked at the sheer length of the unusual chip. They had to get the measuring tape out to find out it was actually nine inches-long. Archie had his picture taken with it, to mark the occasion, and the chip appears to be a good bit longer than his own head, reports WalesOnline. It came from an Asda packet of 'crispy homestyle chips' that the family ordered online. The receipt showed that it had made its way to the Davies household from the Asda in Cwmbran.   According to the Sun, Ethan Emms from Lincolnshire found the current record-holding longest chip an 85p bag of Morrisons frozen fries in June, 2021. But this measured up 8.6 inches - so just under Archie's recent find. And it seems Wales does have a reputation for extra long chips, with one being found in the Prince of Wales Wetherspoons in Cardiff in June 2022 that was 7.7 inches long. Clearly proud of his record-setting find, Archie has given the lengthy strand of potato a name. He is now referring to it as Geoff and is keen to show it off to the world.  Archie's mum Laura Davies said: "He was so excited when we found it. We have contacted the Guinness Book of Records to find out if it could actually be a world record as we think the last recorded longest chip was 8.8 inches and ours is nine. "Archie absolutely loves learning all about what the world records are. He has said absolutely no one is allowed to touch it for now and who knows if we ever will. "I'm surprised he didn't try and take it into school today actually. He had a huge smile plastered on his face for a very long time after finding it. We did the research last night not really thinking anything would come of it but then realised this chip may have actually broken a record. Archie would love to be famous because of it I think." A spokesperson for Asda said: “What a find! Not only do we deliver big on value for our customers, but seemingly also on chips! We’ll keep our fingers crossed that this customer smashes the world record.” 