Queen Camilla and Princess Beatrice are both very stylish members of the Royal Family, but they are not two who are compared often in terms of their fashion sense. However, there is one style choice they certainly agree on - but it might surprise you. The Queen Consort is regularly spotted wearing beautiful earrings, namely a pair of pearl drop ones. She has also been seen dripping in diamonds and sapphires, however, many royal fans may be surprised to know that her earrings are not actually real. In conversation with Vogue to mark her 75th birthday, Queen Camilla expressed an absolute unwillingness to partake in the trend of getting one's ears pierced. She revealed that her granddaughters - Eliza Lopes, 14, and Lola Parker Bowles, 15 - are at that age where they are experimenting with a "lot of new make-up and funny-coloured hair and stuff". READ MORE: Meghan wore 'big deal' designer dress but she said it was 'too short' She also said that they are "coming out with pierced ears", which she simply won't be doing herself. In her 75 years, Camilla has never taken a needle to her ears and she emphasised that this will not change anytime soon. She said: "No, I’m not going to give it to myself for a 75th birthday present. [The grandchildren] will try to persuade me, but nothing’s going to [persuade me to] pierce my ears." But this doesn't mean that Camilla loses out when it comes to accessorising her beautiful outfits. She still loves jewellery, just opting for clip-on earrings, as well as necklaces - often pearl - and bracelets, most famously her blue Van Cleef & Arpels. Princess Beatrice, 41 years Camilla's junior, has the same attitude when it comes to earrings, as she has also never had her ears pierced. The fashionable royal of course boasts a collection of spectacular jewels, and she is also partial to a clip-on ear accessory. READ MORE: Queen Elizabeth II looked graceful even with coffee stain in cute pic For the late Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June 2022, the Princess stepped out wearing the cornflower blue Beulah London Ahana dress. She accessorised this with a blue fascinator featuring a decorative bow, and a pair of diamond drop clip-on earrings. These were pretty show stopping, featuring tiny circle and rectangle diamonds fitted together. Beatrice will sometimes forgo clip-on earrings altogether though, but is rarely spotted without a fascinator, hat or headband. While Beatrice and Camilla are certainly stylish royals, they seem to be on their own when it comes to their particular style choice regarding earrings. The late Queen Elizabeth II wore a beautiful pair of pearl studs for many decades, so much so that these almost became synonymous with her - part of her royal uniform alongside her three-strand pearl necklace. Kate, Princess of Wales is rarely snapped sans earrings, be they diamonds, pearls, sapphires, gold or rubies. And Princess Anne, who is known for her minimalistic style, is also regularly pictured donning the accessory.