Season three of Happy Valley is now in full swing with Catherine Cawood (played by Sarah Lancashire) locked in a battle of wills with Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) as she tries to protect her grandson Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah) from the violent criminal. The Sally Wainwright series not only earned the writer a BAFTA for best series in 2017, but also for lead Lancashire as the hard-nosed copper of the Calder Valley. Here's the lowdown on actress Lancashire and her life away from the cameras. Lancashire remains fairly private about her life away from the cameras, however, there are some details known about her. She has three children in total from two marriages. The 58-year-old actress was first married to lecturer Gary Hargreaves. Academic Hargreaves was 11 years older than the actress, who was 22 at the time, with the pair dating for a year before getting hitched. Lancashire and Hargreaves got married and she gave birth to her son Thomas in 1987 and Matthew two years later in 1988. READ MORE: Happy Valley's Sarah Lancashire had a 'big voice' in how series ended Sadly, the couple went on to divorce in 1996 after 10 years of marriage. Lancashire is now married to TV producer and executive Peter Salmon. The couple tied the knot back in 2001 after getting engaged the same year in New York. They welcomed their son Joseph in 2003 but she has two children from her first marriage to Television executive Salmon was also previously married to his first wife Penny Watt before the couple called time on their relationship after 20 years together. Watt and Salmon are said to have drifted to due to his heavy workload. They have three sons together. Lancashire and Salmon have six children between them in their blended family. Salmon is an executive at the TV production umbrella Endemol Shine Group and in the past has worked at the BBC. He also held positions at Channel 4 and Granada with the pair first meeting while Lancashire was working on ITV soap Coronation Street. She previously spoke about being a mother, saying she became "public property" due to her role as barmaid Raquel Watts in Coronation Street between 1991 and 1996. Lancashire said how people saw her as Raquel and this made it “very difficult”, however, she said having her children before rising to fame helped. The star told the Sunday Mirror in 2000: "To my children I am a mum. I am nothing more. “I am a mum who happens to work on television, which they have been used to since they were born, so there’s no big deal.” DON'T MISS...GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash [VIEWER REACTION]ITV viewers 'shaking with rage' and 'switch off' Harry interview [INSIGHT]GB News sparks uproar as Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'ill' [VIDEO] She added: “As they get older and wiser they will make their own decisions. “But until I believe they are capable of making the right judgement, I will continue to protect them.” The actress hails from large family as one of four with an older and younger brother as well as a twin brother. Her father Geoffrey Lancashire was a scriptwriter for Coronation Street and sitcoms including The Cuckoo Waltz, while her mother Hilda served as PA to her father. Lancashire has also collaborated with Wainwright on Last Tango in Halifax as well as parts in Kiri, Clocking Off, Julia, Seeing Red, The Accident and Lark Rise to Candleford. Happy Valley season 3 airs on BBC One on Sundays at 9pm