Fans of Coachella will be very aware that the enormous festival is just around the corner. And as the festival continues to get bigger, the demand for tickets expands. Overnight, Coachella announced its massive, star-studded line-up for its 2023. The exceptional line-up, which includes the likes of Charlie XCX, Calvin Harris and Gorillaz, will hit the stage in the Colorado desert in April this year - but act fast if you want to get tickets this week. Scroll down for the full Coachella 2023 line-up list Coachella 2023 presale tickets go on sale this Friday, January 13, 2023, at 7pm UK time. In order to gain access to the presale tickets this week, Coachella punters will have to register their interest at Coachella.com before the end of the week. However, the official Coachella Twitter account has stated that there are "very limited" tickets remaining for the first weekend of the festival, which is taking place on April 14-16. As a result, punters may have a better chance of purchasing tickets for the event's second weekend, taking place on April 21-23. What's more, those who attended Coachella 2022 will have an advantage in getting presale tickets this week. Register for Coachella presale tickets here. Scroll down for the full Coachella 2023 line-up list Coachella 2022 attendees will be able to access a "loyalty" presale event this week. When registering for the presale event - which is taking place on Friday, January 13, 2023, at 7pm - previous Coachella punters should use "the same email address they used to purchase tickets or register a wristband in 2022". This loyalty presale will likely give fans a better chance of securing tickets to the 2023 event. Coachella 2023 will be taking place in California, in the Coachella Valley of the Colorado desert. Music will be playing throughout two weekends and will be headlined by three major artists. Register for Coachella presale tickets here. Scroll down for the full Coachella 2023 line-up list Bad Bunny will be headlining both Friday, April 14 and Friday, April 21. As one of the highest-ranking artists on Spotify - with more than 67 million listeners a month - it's no surprise he's at the beginning of this year's Coachella journey. Korean superstars BLACKPINK will be hitting Coachella stages on Saturday, April 15, and Saturday, April 22. After selling out London's O2 Arena multiple days in a row in 2022, they can certainly bring a crowd. Finally, the legendary Frank Ocean will be headlining Coachella's Sunday dates on April 16 and April 23. The singer-songwriter last released an album in 2016. Blonde reached number one in seven countries and went multi-platinum in the process. Register for Coachella presale tickets here. Scroll down for the full Coachella 2023 line-up list Friday headliner: Bad Bunny Saturday headliner: BLACKPINK Sunday headliner: Frank Ocean  Full list (alphabetical): A Boogie Wit da Hoodie Adam Beyer AG Club Airrica Alex G Ali Sethi Angèle Ashnikko Bad Bunny Bakar Becky G Benee Big Wild Björk Blackpink The Blaze Blondie Boris Brejcha Boygenius Bratty The Breeders Burna Boy Calvin Harris Camelphat Cannons Cassian Charli XCX The Chemical Brothers Chloé Caillet Chris Stussy Christine and the Queens Chromeo Colyn The Comet Is Coming Conexión Divina DannyLux Dennis Cruz + Pawsa Despacio Destroy Boys Diljit Dosanjh Dinner Party ft. Terrace Martin, Robert Glasper, Kamasi Washington DJ Tennis + Carlita Doechii Dombresky Domi & JD Beck Dominic Fike Donavan’s Yard DPR Live + DPR Ian Drama EarthGang El Michels Affair Eladio Carrión Elderbrook Elyanna Eric Prydz Presents HOLO Ethel Cain Fisher + Chris Lake FKJ Flo Milli Fousheé Francis Mercier Frank Ocean Gabriels The Garden Glorilla Gordo Gorillaz Hiatus Kaiyote Horsegirl Hot Since 82 IDK Idris Elba Jackson Wang Jai Paul Jai Wolf Jamie Jones Jan Blomqvist Joy Crookes Juliet Mendoza Jupiter & Okwess Kali Uchis Kaytranada Keinemusik Kenny Beats The Kid Laroi Knocked Loose Kyle Watson Labrinth Latto Lava La Rue Lewis OfMan The Linda Lindas Los Bitchos Los Fabulosos Cadillacs LP Giobbi Maceo Plex Magdalena Bay Malaa Marc Rebillet Mareux Mathame Metro Boomin Minus the Light MK Mochakk Momma Monolink Muna Mura Masa The Murder Capital Nia Archives Noname Nora En Pure Oliver Koletzki Overmono Paris Texas Pi’erre Bourne Porter Robinson Pusha T Rae Sremmurd Rebelution Remi Wolf Romy Rosalía Saba Sasha & John Digweed Sasha Alex Sloan Scowl SG Lewis Shenseea Sleaford Mods Snail Mail Sofi Tukker Soul Glo Stick Figure Sudan Archives $uicideboy$ Sunset Rollercoaster Tale of Us ¿Téo? Testpilot Tobe Nwigwe TSHA TV Girl Two Friends UMI Uncle Waffles Underworld Vintage Culture Wet Leg Weyes Blood WhoMadeWho Whyte Fang Willow Yaeji Yung Lean Yungblud Yves Tumor 070 Shake 1999.ODDS 2ManyDJs