Manchester United beat 10-man Reading 3-1 to reach the fifth round of the FA Cup at Old Trafford on Saturday. Three second-half goals were enough for Erik ten Hag's side to pick up their latest win. Express Sport takes you through six things we learned from the fourth-round tie. United's Brazilian trio of Antony, Casemiro and Fred stood out. Fred may have only come on with half an hour remaining but his goal alone means he deserves to be singled out. Casemiro was at his sublime best in midfield, even before he grabbed a quick second-half brace. Antony laid on a fine assist for his compatriot to open the scoring with a delightful chip. Casemiro doubled his tally for United in one night with a long-range effort, which took a slight deflection. Fred made it 3-0 with a delightful flick to seal the win. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Marcus Rashford was aiming to become the first United player to ever score in 10 consecutive home matches. He thought he had done just that eight minutes before half-time. His close-range header just crept over the line before Reading goalkeeper Joe Lumley could get hold of it. However, VAR deemed Wout Weghorst to be in an offside position before he laid on the assist for Rashford. Ten Hag is definitely not underplaying the importance of winning a trophy this season. United already have one foot in the Carabao Cup final after the midweek win over Nottingham Forest. But when the wait for silverware has been as long as United's, you cannot afford to pick and choose the competitions you go after. Ten Hag stuck with the majority of his first-choice XI despite coming up against Championship opposition to highlight how much he wants to compete on all fronts.   Antony was certainly a Ten Hag signing and he is starting to prove why the Dutchman was right to bring him with him from Ajax. The winger has always had the flicks and tricks but not always the end product. But he improving in that regard. He was a constant threat down Reading's left and, but for some better finishing, he could have earned an assist or two before Casemiro eventually opened the scoring. Aaron Wan-Bissaka is doing himself no harm in keeping his spot in the starting XI. Diogo Dalot has no date set for his return to action from a muscular problem. However, he may struggle to get back in due to the form of Wan-Bissaka. Dalot was one of Ten Hag's early successes as United boss but he has been forced to give Wan-Bissaka a run in the team and he has certainly taken his chance. Reading may have struggled to get anywhere near United's goal for the majority of the first half. But that didn't stop Roy Keane tearing into Tyrell Malacia for the first chance they did get. Malacia took too long with the ball at his feet in his own box and had David de Gea to thank for bailing him out with a sharp save. Junior Hoilett's shot was Reading's only touch in the United box in the opening 45 but Keane insists high standards must be kept throughout. The Irishman said on ITV: "Honestly what are these defenders thinking? It drives me mad, it’s like he [Malacia] is surprised somebody is next to him. Drives me crazy." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 