WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Last of Us episode 2 The Last of Us continued this week as Ellie (played Bella Ramsey), Joel (Pedro Pascal) and Tess (Anna Torv) travelled across a plague-ridden America. The trio was trying to get to a base belonging to the Fireflies to hand over the teen. However, they were struck with tragedy when they arrived and things went very wrong. Yes, is the simple answer. Tess was bitten by one of the infected after they turned up at the Fireflies’ base only to find everyone dead and turned into zombie-like creatures. Tess had been bitten and knew it was over for her, deciding to sacrifice herself after the group accidentally awoke the hive mind, attracting all the infected in the nearby vicinity to their location. Joel was adamant he wasn’t going to leave his fellow survivor and friend Tess behind but she told him it was the only way. Tess then poured kerosene and grenades everywhere as the onslaught of the infected came to find them. READ MORE: Bella Ramsey is actually much older than Ellie in The Last of Us Meanwhile, Joel and Ellie fled out of the back of the municipal building and to safety. Tess simply waited for the infected to come as she prepared to light a fire and take down all of the creatures with her. As she struggled to light the flame, a member of the infected approached her and initiated a fungal kiss with Tess looking terrified. She keep failing with the lighter as tendrils shot into her mouth but eventually she managed to spark the fire and blew up everyone in the building with her. READ MORE: Bella Ramsey is actually much older than Ellie in The Last of Us Speaking about the moment, actress Torv said it was a pragmatic decision on Tess’ part having been a hardened survivor for the past 20 years. "As far as what she does, I believe that that's probably a conversation that Tess and Joel had many, many, many, times.” Adding to Metacritic and GameSpot: “Like if one of us gets bit, I'm sure they would have had it — like, please don't let me turn out like them." Tess’ decision was also driven by the hope Ellie could provide a cure and save humankind in the face of so much tragedy. READ MORE: Despite getting bitten Ellie hasn't been affected by the fungus Much like the game, Tess was killed in a similar way in the show after discovering she was infected and staying behind in the Capitol building. But a key difference was a group of soldiers were on their tail rather than the infected. When the soldiers arrived, they shot Tess dead but she managed to take out two men before she herself was felled by them. Nonetheless, Tess’ actions in the video game bought Ellie and Joel enough time to escape from the soldiers. DON'T MISS:Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [INSIGHT]Eamonn Holmes admits ‘they're dead to me' as he addresses feud [VIDEO]GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan [UPDATE] The Last of Us showrunners Craig Mazin and Neil Druckmann addressed the evolution of Tess for the TV show. Druckmann said: “And that’s one of those changes that we made from the game to the show. In the game, it was the military chasing us. But we felt like, just again, the way it was playing out, we couldn’t sustain that. “And I believe it’s actually more dramatic and kind of interesting than what happens in the game.” Mazin said: “Tess was a character we did quite a bit of expansion on. She doesn’t have any particular emotional connection to the world, as far as we know, so in that regard, she’s kind of a perfect survivor. “Once she understands what Ellie is, and that Ellie represents some modicum of hope for the world, you see that there is something in her that was always there, that is ready to come back out.” The Last of Us airs on HBO and HBO Max on Sundays at 9pm and Sky Atlantic and NOW on Mondays at 2am and 9pm