Chelsea target Enzo Fernandez is reportedly 'frustrated' over negotiations between the Blues and Benfica after agreeing personal terms over a move to Stamford Bridge. Talks between the two clubs are said to have collapsed after no settlement could be reached over a fee. Chelsea have been heavily linked with a move for Fernandez on the back of his performances at the World Cup. The Argentine was named Young Player of the Tournament after helping his nation lift the trophy for the first time since 1986 with his performance in the holding role an integral part of their success. The club appeared to be closing in on his signature after various reports stated that they had entered negotiations with Benfica over the player's services with Fernandez even agreeing personal terms. However, discussions have since collapsed with two sides unable to settle on a price or payment plan. The Portuguese side are said to be holding out for his release clause of £105million with the Blues hoping it will cost less to bring him to the Premier League. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  Now, the 21-year-old's thoughts on the situation have become clearer courtesy of transfer guru Ben Jacobs who told GiveMeSport that Fernandez has become 'frustrated' with the situation. “Fernández is obviously frustrated because he wanted the Chelsea move," Jacobs said. "He’d agreed on personal terms but there was never a club-to-club agreement, and that is a very important point. It was reported in various places that there was, but my understanding has always been that there was never a club-to-club agreement.” The Blues have struggled in midfield so far this season and Graham Potter is determined to address the issue in the January transfer window. The situation is made more pressing with Jorginho and N’Golo Kante out of contract at the end of the campaign with Fernandez a potential replacement for the duo who can also continue to be an exciting option for the next decade.  Manchester United and Liverpool had also been linked with the former River Plate man but it was the west Londoners who appeared to have the strongest interest before talks stopped. Fernandez's frustrations have sometimes come to the fore at Benfica, most notably when he was dropped from the squad for the match against Portimonense after returning to Argentina for New Year. However, he has since been welcomed back into the fold with a 'clean slate' and is expected to play in the club's upcoming matches. It remains to be seen whether or not the midfielder will ever get the move to Stamford Bridge that he appears to crave but Chelsea are likely to have to offer more money for this to happen.