Sean Dyche has a huge task on his hands once he is announced as Everton's next manager, and he's previously hinted that the January window is unlikely to help solve a club's problems. Speaking back in December 2021 before his final transfer window as Burnley boss, Dyche stated that it was an "impossible task" to make any major changes in January. “For a real gamechanger, or players who are almost definite to change what you do – we were nicking Nick Pope for £1.5m out of Charlton, or Tarky [James Tarkowski] for £4m or £5m out of Brentford – that’s an impossible task now," he said. Dyche added later in the month: “Nothing has changed from my words from before the window and before the takeover – that January is a very tough window. “Not many want to lose their players. It is always a tough window whether you have got money or not." His point was proven when the club sold Chris Wood to Newcastle with Wout Weghorst coming in as the New Zealand forward's replacement. The Dutchman struggled to make an immediate impact at Burnley with Dyche being sacked months later as they were relegated at the end of the campaign. Everton are in a similar position now with Anthony Gordon leaving to join Newcastle in a deal worth up to £45million.  The Toffees are still yet to make any new signings this month, but it is expected that deals will be made on deadline day. However, Dyche's words from a little over 12 months ago will certainly act as a warning to the Everton board as they look to climb back up the table. They currently sit 19th in the table, level on points with Premier League basement club Southampton. But it's extremely tight in the bottom half of the table with Nottingham Forest in 13th just six points above Everton.  A quick turnaround in results could see the Toffees springboard back up the table, but new signings will likely be needed to give them a boost. Thorgan Hazard, Kamaldeen Sulemana and Michail Antonio have all been linked with possible moves to Goodison Park recently. According to The Athletic, Rennes are seeking a fee in the region of £26m for Sulemana while West Ham boss David Moyes has ruled out Antonio leaving this month. Everton aren't alone in showing an interest in Hazard either with PSV also touted as a possible destination. But it's expected that the money received from Gordon's sale will be used to improve the playing squad.