My day job involves travelling to all four corners of the British Isles, filming everything from bumblebees to basking sharks for BBC’s The One Show. When it was rudely interrupted by the Covid pandemic, there was an unexpected silver lining. Confined to barracks and with daily dog walks the sole permitted outdoor pursuit, the simple pleasures of getting to know the flowers at my feet reignited a long buried passion for wild plants. Finally having the time to spot the forget-me-nots and violets I’d been blithely walking past for years, I challenged myself to locate and identify 1,000 different wild plants in one calendar year. Taking in city centres, mountain tops and every conceivable habitat in between, my big botanical year would not just be a celebration of beauty and diversity, but a chance to see first-hand how flora is faring in modern Britain. Venturing out from my Somerset home, into a cold but clear January day in 2021, with my wife Christina, seven-year-old son Zachary and border collie Bramble, it took less than a minute before I managed to log my first flowering plant: groundsel. There it was, sprouting up from the merest crack between the pavement and our neighbours’ low garden wall, but my wife advised against lingering in case my behaviour might be misconstrued as the actions of a voyeur rather than an urban botanist. A little further along, a hedgerow-lined road verge revealed both an early flowering patch of lesser celandine and the forest-floor specialist of dog’s mercury. I was up and running… Having bagged a princely 27 species on that single early January outing, progress was stymied by yet another Covid lockdown as Omicron reared its ugly head. But a filming opportunity with The Gadget Show in late February in the West Midlands gave me permission (via a special dispensation letter) to travel further afield, and with that, the opportunity for a sneaky botanical twitch en route. Radnor lily is an extraordinary and early-flowering plant which grows at just one location in the UK. Confined to a reserve called Stanner Rocks on the England-Wales border, it’s also a hellishly tricky species to find, not only due to its preference for growing on sheer cliffs, but also as less than one in a thousand plants flower each year. I was additionally unsure whether I’d be able to justify the detour if I was stopped by the Covid police, but I decided to go for it anyway. Staring at the dark, brooding cliff by the roadside, after my drive up from the West Country, suddenly caused doubt to flood in once again. To put it bluntly, I’m not as young as I used to be, and poking around a decidedly vertical and dangerous habitat in the middle of nowhere, while searching for a botanical needle in a haystack, suddenly began to seem foolhardy. After shimmying up and along a series of very narrow ledges, I realised, when looking backwards and downwards, that any misstep would at best require an ambulance and at worst a hearse. While busily contemplating both my own mortality and naivety, I clattered my shin on a rocky protuberance. On the verge of giving up, I spotted what appeared to be the lily’s distinct threadlike leaves sprouting nearby. Hunkering down to plant-level, I caught sight of a solitary yellow bloom that I’d almost flattened with my size-ten shoes… I’d only gone and found it. Limping back down to the car, I realised the grin on my face might last even longer than the bruise now appearing on my shin. This plant-hunting lark was addictive. As I discovered just a few weeks later, the dangers of hunting for flora would not be just confined to working at heights. While searching for a variety of urban plants in the centre of Bristol, I was physically threatened by two security guards for trespassing on a derelict building site. After being escorted off the site, my abiding memory of this unsavoury incident was of bonehead number one trampling on a beautiful and unusual flowering weed called coltsfoot, while berating me for having had the audacity to interrupt his lunch-break. As spring sprung, the number of plants unfurling their petals began to increase exponentially, and so did my list. Visiting the botanical Mecca of the Avon Gorge in early April, I managed to catch up with Bristol rock-cress. The Avon Gorge is the only place in all of Britain this rarity grows, and it became my 115th species of the year, nestled in amongst an array of broken beer bottles, undoubtedly lobbed down by generations of revellers from up above. With Covid finally in the rearview mirror, one of my first forays was to the Chilterns, as I was given the runaround by a quirky little member of the cabbage family called coralroot, while searching for rare orchids. Supposedly found in a place called Gomms Wood, it was only about three hours into a seemingly fruitless search that I realised I was looking in the wrong wood. Steaming with rage, I tried a second similarly-named area of woodland. But I quickly calmed down upon finding the coralroot nestling in the dark shade cast by some statuesque beech trees. Lying down to take a photo from the best angle, I was interrupted by a scream from behind me. A group of schoolgirls out for a walk in the woods had seen my prostrate body in the herbage and thought they’d found a corpse! It was during a family half-term holiday to Cornwall’s Lizard peninsula that I pulled off the magic trick of finding a number of rare clovers – while also entertaining Zachary on the beach. And by astutely tacking plant-spotting trips onto paid work elsewhere, I was able to visit Breckland, Norfolk, Upper Teesdale and the Scottish Highlands during the crucial month of June. By now a botanical bloodhound, I succeeded in ticking off everything from tower mustard to twinflower with ruthless efficiency, as and when they came into flower. But tracking down 1,000 shades of green was also about spending time with passionate plant people. My mission enabled me to catch up with an old pal in the New Forest, while also visiting my former stomping ground of North Wales in the company of my old university lecturer. So relentless was my quest for all things green that by the arrival of July I’d managed to clock 621 different species. And the botanical highlight of the year? Well, in a stacked field of contenders, my visit to the remote mountain of Cùl Mòr in northwest Scotland in late July, for my 779th plant, just about edged it. Also forming the backbone of BBC Radio 4’s Costing the Earth, a documentary analysing how our wild plants are coping with a changing climate, the centrepiece of the programme would feature a search for an arctic/alpine plant called Norwegian mugwort. Found on just three mountain tops in Scotland, it was only discovered in 1950 and, given the frequently testing weather conditions in the Scottish Highlands, there would be no guarantees we’d even be able to visit its lofty postcode.