Major supermarket Marks and Spencer has recalled a curry due to undeclared ingredients crustaceans and molluscs. The Food Standards Agency (FSA) and the supermarket have outlined how affected customers should proceed. Product details: Count on Us Thai style green chicken Curry Pack size: 350g Use by: January 22, 2023. READ MORE: You could ripen an avocado in just 10 minutes by putting it in oven The FSA stated: "Marks and Spencer is recalling Count on Us Thai style green chicken Curry because some packs contain crustaceans and molluscs which are not mentioned on the label. "This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to crustaceans and/or molluscs." The FSA assured affected shoppers that Marks and Spencer was taking the necessary steps to keep them safe. It explained: "Marks and Spencer is recalling the above product from customers and has contacted the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. "The company has also issued a recall notice to its customers, which explains to customers why the product is being recalled and tells them what to do if they have bought the product." Marks and Spencer's customer notice reads: "Marks and Spencer is recalling its Count on Us Thai style green chicken curry given the undeclared presence of the allergens mollusc and crustacean in a small number of packs. "Please do not consume this product if you have an allergy or intolerance to mollusc and/or crustacean. "If you wish to exchange the product, you can return it to your nearest store where a full refund will be given." READ MORE: Kate and William share go-to takeaway for relaxing nights in The supermarket assured customers that only the displayed date code is affected by the recall and that no other Marks and Spencer products are affected. Marks and Spencer apologised to customers for any inconvenience caused, and that they take the production of their foods very seriously. The supermarket advised customers to get in touch via 03330148555 for further information. The FSA echoed the supermarket's advice: "If you have bought the above product and have an allergy to crustaceans and/or molluscs, do not eat it. "Instead, return it to your nearest store for a full refund. For more information contact Marks and Spencer on 03330148555." Food recalls are rare, but must be taken seriously when they do occur. The FSA explained why certain foods are removed from the shelves. "Sometimes there will be a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold. Then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). "Sometimes foods have to be withdrawn or recalled if there is a risk to consumers because the allergy labelling is missing or incorrect or if there is any other food allergy risk. When there is a food allergy risk, the FSA will issue an Allergy Alert."