George Clooney, 66, joined the US host during a special 20th anniversary of Jimmy Kimmel Live on Thursday that featured guests from the premiere episode on January 26, 2003. The former ER actor was also joined on the show by Snoop Dogg, 51, who served as a co-host for the first few episodes of the ABC talk show. Jimmy first showed a picture of George during the premiere from high school. "And George, we happened to have some pictures of you from ...this was a little before high school," Jimmy said. He shared a photo of the young star sporting a bowl cut and wearing glasses. "I want to point out that my mother cut my hair," George said. READ MORE: Sylvia Syms dies aged 89 as Ex-EastEnders star's family share news Jimmy then pulled out a photo of George at the age of 15 where he sported an awkward smile. "Now wait, I want to point out something because you're going to laugh, gonna make a joke. I have Bell's palsy there and half of my face is paralysed," George explained. "Look at this, watch this. If you go like this," George said as he covered half his face with his hand. "On the other side, it's a completely different face. So now make your joke." "Make your funny joke," George said laughing. "Come on, funny man. Come on, let me give you sad face."  Jimmy replied: "You know what? I didn't have a joke, George, and you really brought everybody down. Maybe we should have another toast to bring things back up." The TV host, George and Snoop then took a shot together. Bell's palsy is temporary weakness or lack of movement affecting one side of the face, according to the NHS. The Hollywood actor admitted he didn't remember the premiere episode from two decades ago because he had got drunk with Jimmy. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale’s Charley Webb in warning after dreading medical appointment[LATEST]Amanda Holden showcases endless legs in tiny dress at BGT auditions[PICTURES]Rita Ora confirms she married Taika Waititi in ‘perfect' ceremony[ADMISSION] "By the way, we got the audience drunk. Do you remember?" George asked. "Yes, the audience was drunk," Jimmy said. While Snoop recalled that somebody got sick during the late night show. "She was sitting right there, we had chairs on the floor, she vomited during the show," Jimmy said. "By the way, we assumed she was vomiting because she was drunk, it may have just been the show." "Could have been. There were a lot of people throwing up," George said. "Maybe she had taste, I don't know. That was pretty crazy," Jimmy added. Meanwhile, George was recently spotted out with his Ocean's Eleven co-star Brad Pitt as they arrived on the set of their Apple thriller Wolves in New York City. He braved the chilly night shoot in a bright ensemble, sporting a vivid orange puffer jacket and a contrasting green beanie. While George sported a black coat, grey jeans and white sneakers.