Former cricketer Freddie Flintoff reportedly needs months to recover from his horrific car crash. The 45-year-old crashed before Christmas while filming for a Top Gear episode in sub-zero temperatures. It is understood his loved ones have asked him to consider quitting the BBC programme altogether in wake of the incident. “The full extent of his injuries will surprise many people, as the details of what happened have yet to fully emerge," a source told The Sun.“He is putting his career on hold until he is in a better place mentally and physically, and can’t say when he will return to making TV shows.“As a loving husband and dad, he understands the fear his family feels about what’s happened, knowing that he could have been killed.“He is determined to resume his TV work at some point though." READ MORE: Coronation Street legend confirms break from ITV soap Freddie was airlifted to hospital on December 13 following the traumatic crash while filming Top Gear on a test track at the Dunsfold Aerodrome in Surrey.The presenter's wife Rachel left her home in Altrincham to be by his side when she was told of the collision.It has been reported Freddie suffered a cut to the face and a broken rib which he was treated for.The sportsman's son Corey Flintoff, 16, said his family were "shocked" by what happened. The teenager told Mail Online last month: "He's okay. I'm not too sure what happened but he is lucky to be alive."It was a pretty nasty crash. It is shocking. We are all shocked but just hope he's going to be okay."It was not the first time Freddie has been involved in a crash while filming Top Gear.Three years ago, Freddie walked away from a 125mph collision where he was heard yelling, "I can't stop" while he zoomed down a runway in a three-wheeled cycle car.  DON'T MISS...Freddie Flintoff could quit Top Gear after filming accident [UPDATE]Phil Tufnell speaks out as pal Freddie Flintoff ‘lucky to be alive’... [LATEST]Top Gear 'fully investigating' Freddie Flintoff's horror car crash [INSIGHT] Top Gear bosses stressed "all health and safety procedures were followed" prior to Freddie's injury.Show bosses confirmed last month that they are fully investigating the accident.The BBC has been contacted by Express.co.uk about Freddie's future on Top Gear.After the crash, a BBC spokesperson said: "Freddie was injured in an accident at the Top Gear test track this morning - with crew medics attending the scene immediately." The Health and Safety Executive, a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Department for Work and Pensions, said it was "aware" of the incident and "making inquiries".Many of Freddie's friends have sent their well-wishes to the star, including fellow cricketer Phil Tufnell who said Freddie was left "lucky to be alive".Phil told Express.co.uk: “I’ve been hearing reports that he’s ok but Crikey O’Reilly. I mean, you’re in these cars and things, I don’t quite know what happened, but just thank god that he is all alright."He added: "I'm just delighted that he is all ok. It is [scary], you never know do you? You just don’t bl**dy know."