Japanese knotweed is known for its bamboo-like stems, heart-shaped leaves and creamy, white flowers. The plant can grow to be two metres tall and has deeply penetrating rhizomes that can spread underground. The invasive plant’s deep rhizomes can cause damage to buildings and foundations as the plant can grow through concrete and tarmac. One case of knotweed back in 2011 saw knotweed grow through the skirting boards in a couple’s home in Hertfordshire. After an expert from their local council inspected the property, the couple sought the advice of a solicitor. The experts estimated that the value of their property had dropped from £305,000 to £50,000 - a drop of £255,000. More recently, a homeowner who found knotweed behind their garden shed sued the seller for a whopping £200,000. READ MORE: Interior designer says common home layout is 'officially' out The new homeowners found knotweed canes behind a large bush growing next to their garden shed. The individual sued the former owner for misrepresenting whether there was knotweed on the property when they sold it. When selling a property, the seller is required to state whether there is Japanese knotweed present on the property in a TA6 form. The former owner had answered “no” to the question on the form asking whether the property had been affected by the plant. Nic Seal, Founder and MD of the UK’s leading specialist in the removal of Japanese knotweed, Environet, said a seller must be “certain” a property is not affected by knotweed before ticking “no” on the TA6 form - including whether there is rhizome beneath the ground. DON'T MISSMould will ‘vanish’ from bathroom sealant and grout with 95p spray [INSIGHT]Banish toilet limescale ‘effectively’ without harsh chemicals [UPDATE]Four bathroom decor choices to avoid - can look ‘cheap’ and ‘messy’ [ANALYSIS] He said: “The Law Society’s TA6 Property Information Form, completed by all sellers, asks a direct question about whether a property is affected by knotweed and the accompanying guidance clearly states that in order to answer ‘No’, the seller must be certain the property is not affected, including rhizome beneath the ground and within three metres of the boundary. “A cursory glance around the garden by an untrained eye is not sufficient. Knotweed dies back during the winter months and can even lie dormant beneath the ground for up to 20 years with no sign of growth. “It also takes on a completely new appearance if chemicals have been applied in an attempt to kill it, making it harder to recognise. “It’s the seller’s duty to determine if their property is affected by knotweed. It might be tempting to cross your fingers and hope for the best, but if it later arises and the buyer sues, you’ll be liable for diminution of the value of the property and legal costs, which can amount to hundreds of thousands of pounds. READ MORE: Man sues seller after finding Japanese knotweed in his £700k new home Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “The only way to confidently state that a property is unaffected is to commission a professional knotweed survey, backed by a warranty.” With this in mind, Wendy Rea, who is an expert florist and business manager at Direct2Florist, has shared her expert insights into why it's so difficult to control knotweed, how to remove it and the legalities around the plant that people may be unaware of. Wendy said the invasive plant can be “burdensome to control” with a combination of physical removal and chemical treatment being the “most effective method”. She explained further: “Physical removal involves digging up the roots of the plant and disposing of them properly. “However, this is an arduous process and may actually need to be repeated in order to ensure the plant's vast roots are all gone. “Chemical treatment involves applying herbicides to the foliage of the plant. The most commonly used herbicides for Japanese knotweed control are glyphosate and triclopyr. “Chemical treatments are most effective later on in the year when the plant is actively growing as the season changes from summer to autumn.” It’s best to seek professional help when dealing with Japanese knotweed as the plant is classed as “controlled waste” under the Environmental Protection Act 1990 which means it has to be disposed of at licensed landfill sites. Wendy added: “The plant is a nuisance to those wanting to remove it completely as it requires a persistent effort to eradicate it. “People should also be aware that it is actually illegal to allow Japanese knotweed to spread from your property to a neighbour’s land - so it’s best to hire a professional if these methods don’t, or you’re worried about handling herbicides.”