Vikings Valhalla season two is on Netflix now and it saw Freydis (played by Frida Gustavsson), Leif Erikson (Sam Corlett) and Harald Sigurdsson (Leo Suter) come across a mysterious man. He claimed to know of a place of salvation and he wanted to guide Freydis there to declare a new Uppsala. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the character and who plays him. Jorundr was introduced at the start of the series after Freydis and Harald had reunited with Leif. He first came across Leif, who ignored Jorundr's advances, but Jorundr would not give up and he continued to follow the group. Once Leif discovered they were being followed he tried to kill Jorundr, but Freydis was interested to learn more about him. He bore a unique mark that Freydis had seen before and she believed he had been sent to them for a reason. READ MORE: Vikings Valhalla season 2 ending explained as major character dies Freydis, who was carrying Harald's child, decided to leave her brother and partner to travel with Jorundr. She was taken to Jomsborg to meet King Harekr (Bradley James) and his wife Gudrid (Yngvild Støen Grotmol). Jorundr believed the king wanted to create a new Uppsala where refugees could seek sanctuary, however, this proved not to be the case. It transpired the king was only using them for work and he did not care about their wellbeing. READ MORE: We discuss Vikings Valhalla season 3 and the show's future Once he learned of how Freydis and Jorundr had shown kindness towards the refugees, he slaughtered them all. Jorundr, horrified at the king's actions, decided to help Freydis as she was his next target. After warning her that the king was planning to kill her, he helped her escape but paid the price for it. His hand was cut off and he was exiled, being forced to fend for himself out at sea. DON'T MISS... Vikings Valhalla paid tribute to Vikings’ King Harald in costume clue [INSIGHT] What happened to the real King Edmund? Valhalla twist explained [EXPLAINER] Vikings Valhalla season 2 cast explained as guest stars join series [INSIGHT] The character is played by Stanislav Callas, a 33-year-old actor from the USSR. The actor and cinematographer is known for his roles in The Golden Horde and Whiskey Cavalier. Viewers may also recognise him from Shadowplay, Das Boot, The Liberator and Totems. Stanislav was born in a Siberian city of Novosibirsk and later moved to Moscow to attend the Russian Academy of Performing Arts. READ MORE: Meet the star behind Lord Harekr in Vikings Valhalla season 2 After graduation in 2010, he worked in several Moscow theatres, before landing roles in several tv shows and feature films. In 2017 he moved to Prague to work with the Prague Shakespeare Company, the biggest English-speaking theater company in the Czech Republic. The star is on Instagram and he described himself as a poet and founder of Grizzly Media based in Prague. He took to the social media platform to promote his latest venture and his followers were excited to see him in action.  Vikings Valhalla season 2 is on Netflix now