The iconic costume of 1990’s Mr Blobby has been found on sale on eBay. Mr Blobby was a staple of children’s TV in the 1990s and early 2000s, appearing alongside Noel Edmonds on his iconic show Noel’s House Party but the BBC eventually discarded the costume.  His fans can get their hands on the original Blobby costume for a small fee of just £3,800 on eBay. The listing, by user blobby01, listed its condition as “used” and described the costume as “an original BBC costume from the mid-1990s”. It continued: “This was made by the BBC’s costume supplier for an overseas version of Noel’s House Party. “Unfortunately before it could be delivered the overseas show was cancelled and neither the broadcaster or the BBC’s production team wanted it – so it sat in my office until a move meant it came home with me some years ago.   “This costume is made of foam rubber covered with a rubber-type material with a shoulder support. “Consequently as it is now over 25 years old, there is the inevitable ageing to the foam and the rubberised coating. “This means it is less suitable to be worn as the unit is not [as] supple as it was in 1996.” The user added: “In addition the two arms require re-attaching to the body, one of the plastic eyes is cracked and the bow tie will need securing. READ MORE: Sturgeon urged to take action after schoolgirl viciously attacked  “Overall it’s not too bad for its age, but there is visible creasing and dust to the covering and some areas require a drop of glue to make good.” The user warned that the costume can “only be for personal home display use” as Mr Blobby is trademarked, meaning it cannot be hired out or used for public performance. His design involves mostly a costume of a bulbous pink figure with yellow spots, a permanent toothy grin, and green jiggly eyes, with performers often using tone of voice and repetition to express moods and an electronically altered voice to speak the word "blobby" when the character talks; although they are also capable of other words when required. In most cases, the character was portrayed by Barry Killerby between 1992 and 2015 and by Paul Denson from 2015 onwards. DON'T MISS:Charles to 'modernise' Coronation by snubbing costume, claims insider [REVEAL]Expert warns Charles ‘can’t afford to risk allegations of hypocrisy’  [INSIGHT]Girl secures £39m settlement after hospital trust meningitis error [SPOTLIGHT]