A senior industry source says bosses at Penguin Random House have been so stunned by the runaway success of Harry’s book Spare that “the heat is on” to rush her version of events into print. The new race to cash in comes just 24 hours after Harry claimed in a new UK interview that he cut many more bombshells from his manuscript, saying his explosive 400-page memoir was originally 800 pages and “could have been two books”. Both the Duke and Duchess of Sussex signed a four-book deal with the publishing giant for a reported advance fee of $20million. But that sum has been dwarfed by a worldwide sales avalanche for Spare, with a record 1.4 million copies bought on its day of release last week. Now, with estimates that the couple could ultimately receive well in excess of £100million in global royalties for Harry’s memoir, the source revealed: “It’s instant, phenomenal success has taken everyone by surprise. “Nobody expected sales figures like the ones we are seeing. Harry could easily overtake the combined book sales of the Obamas, the company’s current joint best-selling authors. That’s why the heat is on to get Meghan’s version of events – both with the Royal Family and her own family members in America – out there in print as soon as possible, ideally early next year to pick-up sales when demand for Spare slows down.” As well as their individual memoirs, Harry and Meghan are said to be working together on a book about “leadership and philanthropy” while she is also working on a “wellness” project. But the source said: “Given Spare’s success, Meghan’s memoir is now the top priority while everything else is put on hold. “Having seen Harry’s sales, they’re convinced Meghan’s story in her own words can sell even more, especially in the US.”  Unlike Harry, who hired a ghost writer for Spare, Meghan is said to have told Penguin Random House bosses she prefers to write herself, with the help of a skilled editor. She became a published author in June 2021 when her children’s book The Bench was released. Last week, the powerhouse publisher said it is already printing more copies of Spare in America after its initial run of two million hardcover copies was snapped up within days. Barnes and Noble, the country’s biggest bookstore chain, said Spare now tops every best-seller list in the US, where it is certain to be “one of the biggest books of 2023”. Meghan may use her own memoir to continue to give her side on the royal rift. She already made a number of allegations in her interview with Oprah Winfrey, including apparent claims of racism within the Royal Family in conversations about son Archie. She told Oprah: “(There were) concerns and conversations about how dark his skin might be when he was born.”  Harry has since claimed the British media spun their comments into allegations of “racism” when in fact they meant “unconscious bias”. Then there is the ongoing spat over her alleged row with Kate over Princess Charlotte’s bridesmaid dresses. There have been allegations that Meghan bullied her staff while a working member of the Royal Family, which she has denied. In his book, Harry said the couple had an argument with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge during a meeting to clear the air. Meghan is said to have suggested to Kate that she had “baby brain because of her hormones”. It is claimed Prince William called her “rude” and Meghan told the future king: “Keep your finger out of my face.” 