Robert Fratta "chose the coward's" way out as he was executed in a Texas prison for arranging the murder of his estranged wife 28-years-ago. The former police officer was asked if he had any final words before being given the lethal injection, to which he responded a simple "no" whilst his son watched out. Andy Kahan, director of victim services and advocacy for Crime Stoppers of Houston branded Fratta a "coward" for not apologising to his son.  Mr Kahan said: "When he was offered an opportunity to at least extend an olive branch to his son that he knew was watching this. “And he still chose the coward’s way out. He could have said: ‘I’m sorry." Fratta's wife, Farah, aged 33, was shot twice in the head by a hitman in Atascocita, Houston.  Following a trial in 1996, the judge said Fratta was "egotistical, misogynistic, and vile, with a callous desire to kill his wife.” Prosecutors said police found Fratta had "intensifying sexual appetites” which led to the couple's split. Fratta later contacted middleman, Joseph Prystash, who put him in touch with assassin Howard Guidry. Both Prystash and Guidry are on death row for the murder but are yet to recieve an execution date. Fratta, 65 was pronounced dead at 7.59pm on Tuesday, 24 minutes after the lethal injection was administered. His son, Bradley Baquer watched on alongside the victim's brother, Zain Baquer and Mr Kahan. Fratta failed to look up at the gallery as he declined the offer for any final words. READ MORE: Woman’s haunting last text to mum begged ‘Please, come tomorrow’ Following the execution, Mr Kahan said: "Bob was a coward in 1994, when he arranged the murder for hire of his estranged wife. “And 28-plus years later, he still was a coward tonight." Local media reports that Fratta snored loudly six times after being given the lethal dose, before all movement stopped. His spiritual advisor, Barry Brown prayed over the inmate with a prayer book next to Fratta's head and his right hand resting on his hand. Fratta is the first inmate to be put to death in Texas this year after the US Supreme Court declined an appeal arguing that prosecutors withheld evidence that a trial witness was hypnotised by investigators.