1923 returned to Paramount Plus with a fourth episode which saw Spencer Dutton (played by Brandon Sklenar) and Alex (Julia Schlaepfer) become closer than ever. They finally learned of the troubles back at the Montana ranch and they could return home to help save their family. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how John Dutton's (Kevin Costner) father comes into the Yellowstone story. 1923 featured plenty of horrors in its latest episode as the Yellowstone ranch faced its biggest threat yet. With Jacob (Harrison Ford) on the brink of death after the shooting, his wife Cara (Helen Mirren) had to take on the leadership role. Not wanting anyone to know how vulnerable the ranch was, she wanted to keep the latest events on the down low. This meant when she wrote to Spencer asking for him to come home and offer help, the letter arrived three months late. READ MORE: 1923 family tree shows how Spencer Dutton is related to John Dutton Viewers were left wondering whether Spencer and Alex would be able to make it back in time. The 1923 family tree suggests Spencer and Alex will become the parents of John Dutton's father. Spencer is the younger son of James (Tim McGraw) and Margaret Dutton (Faith Hill) from the 1883 series As James Dutton from 1883 was John Dutton's great-grandfather, this makes Spencer one of John's grandfathers. He is also the brother of John Dutton Sr (James Badge Dale), who was killed off in a previous episode. With this in mind, he is the only one left who can have a child who will turn out to be John Dutton's father. He and Alex have already made their physical relationship clear and it seems their first child could be on the way very soon. Although Alex was keen to stay in Africa where they had found paradise, she was visibly moved by what was going on in Montana. DON'T MISS... 1923 episode 5 release date explained as season break is announced [EXPLAINER] 1923 family tree explains how Jacob Dutton is related to James Dutton [INSIGHT]Michelle Randolph from 1923 has a famous partner [EXPLAINER] She may be the one to persuade Spencer to return home as he had not been keen on the idea. Knowing his brother is dead and his uncle is in grave danger, his loyalty to his family is likely to be proven. If he and Alex are to start a life together in Montana, their son will be one of those in line to inherit the ranch. John Dutton's father has been seen in flashbacks in the original Yellowstone series. It is likely Spencer calls his son John in memory of his brother who was tragically killed. John Dutton Sr did already have a son of his own, Jack Dutton (Darren Mann). Jack is John's only child, who is set to marry Elizabeth Strafford (Michelle Randolph). Viewers will have to wait and see if Spencer's son is born when the series returns in February.  1923 returns to Paramount Plus on February 5