The average energy bills are set to increase to £3,000 a year from April, so struggling Britons will be keen to reduce their usage wherever they can. With UK homes being among the most expensive to keep warm in Europe due to poor insulation, damp walls, leaking roofs and rotting windows, it is vital to reduce their heat loss so energy bills and emissions can be lowered as well. Sophie Vening, energy expert at Ideal Home, has shared five ways in which people might be losing energy and what they can do about it. 1 Heating systemsEnergy Saving Trust figures show that over half of fuel bills are typically allocated towards heating and hot water. Investing in an annual boiler service will help the system run smoothly and efficiently, reducing the risk of failure during the colder months of the year. The cost of an engineer coming out and repairing or replacing it is higher than an average check which is under £100. READ MORE: Carer's Allowance recipients urged to check what other benefits they are entitled to Ms Vening explained that if people can afford to make an initial investment (10-15 percent higher) to save on bills and costs in the long run, they should look into upgrading to double or triple glazed replacement windows. Alternatively, a more cost-effective solution is to review one’s window treatments. A correctly sized shutter can prevent up to 50 percent of all heat loss. Drawing thick curtains can also store the heat overnight. READ MORE: Dragons' Den pitch rejected for having 'too many pitfalls' outsells Monopoly in first year Professional draught-proofing of windows, doors and blocking cracks in floors and skirting boards can cost around £225, but it can save around £125 (£100 in NI) a year on energy bills, according to Energy Saving Trust. DIY draught-proofing can be much cheaper. 3 WallsMs Vening shared that walls play an important part in preserving heat, as almost 35-45 percent of the losses occur through them. To protect one’s home, people can inject cavity wall insulation or, if they have solid walls, they might need to opt for both external and internal insulation. People can also explore the option of spraying them with a thermal coating. 4 RoofsWith a quarter of heat loss being through the roofs of uninsulated homes, installing or topping up loft insulation can do the trick. This can easily be a DIY project, if the right materials are chosen and theinstructions are followed carefully. 5 FlooringMs Vening said: “Depending on the age and construction of the property, around 10 percent of heat loss happens through the floor, according to Northern Energy. “If people can find and isolate any draughts, they’ll feel the differenceimmediately and can save up to £75 per year.”