Visceral fat lurks in your abdominal cavity, surrounding several vital organs, such as the liver, pancreas and intestines. Worryingly, this location makes the belly fat harmful, hiking your risk of health problems, ranging from diabetes to heart disease. Fortunately, one spice may be able to help reduce the fatty culprit. Whether you pair it with honey in a hot drink or add it to your pot of curry, ginger offers more than a pleasant flavour. The warming and fiery spice is known to have antibacterial and “anti-inflammatory” effects. What it lacks in vitamins and minerals, it makes up for in its antioxidant content. Furthermore, the popular ingredient could also help reduce dangerous belly fat, according to research. READ MORE: 'The best and safest' drink that could help lower your risk of blood clots - expert  A study, published in the International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health, found that ginger powder was able to reduce visceral fat adiposity. If you aren’t aware, adiposity describes a degree of fattiness or amount of fat, which is located in a specific region of the body. The research team originally set out to investigate whether ginger supplementation can inhibit obesity. Looking at mice models, the scientists used ginger powder purchased from Seoul in Korea. They prepared the powder by using a pressurised hot water extraction method. The mice followed one of three diet regimens for seven weeks: a low-fat diet, a high-fat diet or a high-fat diet supplemented with the ginger powder. The ginger group saw a reduction in their visceral fatty tissue as well as inflammation levels. The research team penned that their findings show a “promising dietary strategy” to cut fatty tissue and obesity. READ MORE: Woman, 56, is the first person cured of advanced breast cancer - 'I feel awesome' What’s more, the mice models were able to reap the weight-loss benefits in a matter of “weeks”. And this isn’t the only research that looked at ginger’s fat-burning effects. A review of 60 studies, published in the Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences, also noticed that ginger offers anti-obesity powers. However, this body of research also included human-based trials, unlike the previous study. Their findings suggested that consuming the herb can enhance calorie burning and reduce feelings of hunger. The herb was also linked to positive changes in cholesterol, blood sugar, blood pressure, and liver health. Another spice that has been connected to the loss of visceral fat is cinnamon, according to a study, published in the Journal of Nutritional Science and Vitaminology. You could pair up these popular ingredients to add a kick of flavour to your winter warmers while stamping out the harmful belly fat.