A third episode of HBO’s hit post-apocalyptic drama is due out this Sunday, but fans already have cause for celebration after just two weeks following Joel (played by Pedro Pascal) and Ellie (Bella Ramsey) through the American wasteland. Viewers can expect more thrills, monsters and tragic twists to come as a second season of The Last of Us has already been confirmed. HBO has ordered a second season of the hit drama less than two weeks after a jaw-dropping season premiere. New episodes are also available in the UK at 2am on Sky Atlantic every Monday, helping The Last of Us become a global phenomenon. The season premiere earlier this month became HBO’s second-biggest opener, scoring 4.7 million viewers who tuned in live. Ratings then went up to 5.7 million across live viewings and streaming on HBO Max, making the series one of the fastest-growing in the network’s history. READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row Based on the original PlayStation 3 game released 10 years ago, the long-awaited live-action adaptation hasn’t disappointed. Executive producer and the original games’ director Neil Druckmann said: “I’m humbled, honoured, and frankly overwhelmed that so many people have tuned in and connected with our retelling of Joel and Ellie’s journey. “The collaboration with Craig Mazin, our incredible cast and crew, and HBO exceeded my already high expectations. “Now we have the absolute pleasure of being able to do it again with season two! On behalf of everyone at Naughty Dog and PlayStation, thank you!” And Mazin said: “I’m so grateful to Neil Druckmann and HBO for our partnership, and I’m even more grateful to the millions of people who have joined us on this journey. “The audience has given us the chance to continue, and as a fan of the characters and world Neil and Naughty Dog created, I couldn’t be more ready to dive back in.” Sky has also revealed the series was the top trending topic on Twitter during the series’ debut, and teasers and trailers have amassed over 100 million views globally. It’s currently unclear if season two will adapt the game’s 2020 sequel or continue the current story with Joel and Ellie. DON'T MISS:Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row [LATEST]The Blacklist’s Megan Boone returns to Instagram with ‘exciting news' [INSIGHT]Lockwood & Co almost used Kanye track for opening titles [EXCLUSIVE] However, fans can expect to see even more terrifying fungal zombies and plenty of emotional gut punches along the way. The Last of Us kicks off when a global pandemic kills millions and transforms millions more into mindless zombies. Joel, a survivor who tragically lost his daughter 20 years before, is forced to team up with Ellie, a teenage girl who appears to be immune to the virus. This season has sadly seen the death of their companion Tess (Anna Torv) following a brave sacrifice. Unfortunately, an unknown road lies ahead and there are both human and inhuman threats surrounding them on all sides. This week’s episode features guest appearances from The White Lotus’ Murray Bartlett and Parks and Recreation’s Nick Offerman. There are also guest spots from Melanie Lynskey, Storm Reid, Graham Greene and the games’ original Joel and Ellie, Troy Baker and Ashley Johnson, to look forward to over the rest of the season. The Last of Us continues Sundays on HBO in the USA and the following Monday on Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK.