Manchester United were initially unhappy that Besiktas wanted a replacement for Wout Weghorst but have now agreed a deal to sign the 29-year-old, according to reports. The Netherlands international is set to arrive as a temporary replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo. And he’ll be hoping for redemption in the Premier League, having struggled for Burnley last season. Manchester United have been hunting a new striker ever since Ronaldo’s exit, with the 37-year-old leaving by mutual consent back in November. And Weghorst is now poised to move to Old Trafford, with the Netherlands international set to join on loan until the end of the season. According to 90min, the 29-year-old will soon undergo a medical at Carrington. Should all go to plan, he could even be part of their squad for Saturday’s showdown with Manchester City. But the publication says United were unhappy at the initial delay to the deal, with Besiktas wanting a replacement before letting the striker leave. The Red Devils were described as ‘sympathetic’ towards the Turkish Super Lig outfit. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Yet United are now primed to land their man with Besiktas willing to let Weghorst go before officially bringing in a new striker of their own. Vincent Aboubakar may move to Turkey to replace Weghorst, with the forward’s future at Al-Nassr currently up in the air. And United are hopeful of announcing Weghorst by the weekend, a year after he’d previously moved to the Premier League. Burnley thought the World Cup star would be a huge hit upon landing him from Wolfsburg 12 months ago. Yet he ended up scoring just two league goals during his time at Turf Moor, with the Clarets then succumbing to relegation as a result. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see And Weghorst is now poised to move to Old Trafford, with the Netherlands international set to join on loan until the end of the season. According to 90min, the 29-year-old will soon undergo a medical at Carrington. Should all go to plan, he could even be part of their squad for Saturday’s showdown with Manchester City. But the publication says United were unhappy at the initial delay to the deal, with Besiktas wanting a replacement before letting the striker leave. The Red Devils were described as ‘sympathetic’ towards the Turkish Super Lig outfit.  Weghorst is set to become United’s latest January signing in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. Juan Mata moved from Chelsea back in the New Year of 2014, having fallen out of favour under Jose Mourinho at Stamford Bridge. Andy Kellet joined from Bolton the following year, though failed to make a competitive outing for United. In January 2018, the Red Devils brought in Alexis Sanchez from Arsenal - with the Chile international moving in a straight swap deal that saw Henrikh Mkhitaryan head in the opposite direction. And, in January 2020, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer brought in both Odion Ighalo and Bruno Fernandes. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here While United are set to sign Weghorst, meanwhile, former England goalkeeper Paul Robinson thinks they should be signing Memphis Depay instead. “It stinks of a club that is in limbo,” he said of the club’s imminent deal for Weghorst. “Look, Weghorst fits the bill. He will do a job. He is a number nine, a target man and a handful. “But, where are Man United shopping? They need to sign a top striker. Weghorst seems to be a stop-gap. “This is a player who Burnley have allowed to leave. He is a very good player but is he a Man United player, no. “He is a striker and they need a striker but he’s not world-class. “They should be going for Depay. Depay is a miles better player then Wehorst. There should not be a choice. "Depay would be a brilliant signing for Man United. “I’m sure the fans would rather have Depay back because it is a different Depay to the one that left.”