Manchester United are refusing to cave in to the demands of Alejandro Garnacho’s representatives despite making a new contract offer, according to reports. The talented teenager is understood to have turned down an initial proposal by the Red Devils this week. United are keen to tie down their prized asset on a long-term contract but do not want to pay a huge figure to a player who is still only 18. Old Trafford chiefs want to keep Garnacho - who is contracted for just a further 18 months - grounded and hungry for more with a smaller pay packet. The tricky winger apparently turned down an offer worth around £20,000 per week on Tuesday. Garnacho’s representatives feel that he can earn far more elsewhere, with some of Europe’s biggest clubs monitoring talks with the United hierarchy. United are now back in talks with the Argentine’s representatives, with discussions reportedly progressing ‘positively’. A new offer is set to be made but not one that the agent is demanding. JUST IN: Man Utd owners the Glazers 'set to receive offer' from US investors That is according to the Independent, who report a higher salary than the first £20,000 offer has been put forward to Garnacho. However, the new deal would be heavily incentivised by development and performance-related incentives as opposed to a significantly higher wage. The Premier League giants want to keep Garnacho’s feet on the ground, with the player - who currently earns £7,000 a week - having already been admonished by Erik ten Hag this season for his work ethic. The teenager was made to wait for his chance at the beginning of the season, with the Dutchman pointedly revealing this week that he has learned how to ‘play in a team’. But Ten Hag has since been very impressed by the former Atletico Madrid youngster, telling journalists after the Manchester derby: “He has a skill that I don’t see many players in the Premier League having — he beats players one on one. DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'blocks Harry Maguire transfer bids'Man Utd chances of Kane transfer weighed up as Ten Hag vision emergesMan Utd 'in advanced negotiations' over surprise Fulham transfer deal “He’s learnt in the last months about how to play in a team, how to live, how to do the right things in the week, how to have the right attitude on the training ground and you see how he’s acting as a team player and with his individual skills that can make the difference. “Also for him it’s to keep going in the process. It’s not done. There is a lot to come. There is a lot of room for improvement with him but he can help, he can contribute on the highest level already and I’m really happy. “It’s a bonus for us as a club that you bring in young players and they can come not only into the squad but the team and I think that is a part of our project that has to contribute to our success.”