The benefit is being replaced with Scottish Carer’s Assistance, which will still provide a payment of £69.70 a week. The new benefit will also provide two yearly supplement payments of £245.70, similar to the payments that are currently provided in addition to Carer’s Allowance. The proposals for the benefit also include a new payment of £520 a year, to support those who care for more than one person. A consultation setting out the plans for the new benefit was launched in February last year. A report from the Scottish Government states: “We are working with carers, support organisations and the wider public to identify the priority changes to improve Scottish Carer's Assistance in future and to deliver these as soon as possible. “When we have introduced our new benefit and completed Case Transfer for Scottish Carer's Assistance, we will look to introduce further changes that help remove barriers to education, recognise a wider variety of caring situations, provide more financial stability to carers, and, for those carers who want to and for whom it is feasible, make it easier to take up and maintain employment.” READ MORE: Santander scam warning as 'convincing' letter threatens woman with missed payment fees  The claimant must be 16 or over, have been in England, Scotland or Wales for at least two of the last three years, and not be in full time education. To qualify, a person also needs to have earnings of £132 or less after tax, National Insurance and expenses. The care the claimant provides can include help with washing or cooking, taking the person to a doctor’s appointment or helping with household tasks. A person cannot claim the support if they share the care of someone with another carer, who gets Carer’s Allowance or who gets the extra amount of Universal Credit for caring for someone who gets a disability-related benefit. READ MORE: Three key ways people can structure their budget in 2023 to 'avoid financial stress' Minister for Social Security and Local Government, Ben Macpherson, recently said: “The level of support we provided in this year totalled £3.48billion, through payments made by Social Security Scotland and under agency agreements with the Department for Work and Pensions. “In 2022 to 2023 our benefits will provide support to over one million people in Scotland. Looking forward, we will continue our work to devolve social security benefits. “In February 2023 we will introduce Winter Heating Payment, providing a £50 annual payment to around 400,000 low income households. Then we will begin the roll out of Scottish Carer's Assistance later in 2023. “We will continue our dynamic and proactive approach to delivering devolved Scottish social security.” The Scottish Government said the final dates for launching Scottish Carer's Assistance have still to be agreed with the UK Government. Carer’s Allowance is increasing by 10.1 percent this April, along with other benefits including Universal Credit. The Winter Heating Payment is replacing Cold Weather Payments in Scotland. Cold Weather Payments provide a £25 payment to people on certain benefits when temperatures drop below zero, or are forecast to drop below zero, for seven consecutive days in their local area. The Winter Heating Payment will provide a £50 payment to eligible people regardless of the weather conditions.