Making changes to a property is a great way to suit a homeowner’s style and is often cheaper than moving to a new home. The New Year is often a time when people look to make suitable improvements to their home, and it can be hard to know where to put your money. January is also a popular month to list a home for sale, as the property market begins to get busy. According to experts, some changes may put future buyers off your property. Terry Fisher, of the UK’s leading home-buying service, We Buy Any Home, said: “Most people will spend a considerable amount of time and sometimes money making their house presentable before they put it up for sale. “It’s a good idea and understandably people want to show their homes at their best, so they can get the best price. But there are certain things it’s not wise to spend your hard-earned cash on fixing.” Painting and decorating is often a popular change to make when it comes to improving the home to sell or to live in. However, if you’re going for bright colours or a busy wallpaper, it may not be suitable to every buyer’s tastes and should be avoided. READ MORE: Free method to ‘instantly’ kill unsightly driveway and patio weeds The expert said: “Most people will give some parts of their home a lick of paint before putting it on the market. But if your house is already presentable then don’t get carried away. “While touching up some scuff marks with a tin of emulsion from the garage is fine, don’t spend money redecorating your whole home in bright, trendy colours. It may even put potential buyers off if it’s not to their liking.” It’s always nice to move into a home with new appliances, but chances are homeowners already have their own and will take them from home to home. Terry explained: “Most people bring appliances such as microwaves, washing machines or fridges with them. It is therefore not recommended to spend money replacing these before you move, unless of course you plan on taking them with you.” DON'T MISS:I cleaned my oven door with a 9p dishwasher tablet - results [PICTURES]Monty Don warns gardeners to ‘get on’ with planting tulips [EXPERT]Six winter plants to guarantee a ‘big display’ of colour [COMMENT] Household appliances are also expensive and so if moving home and wanting to buy new ones, it may be best to wait until you have moved. This way you can ensure they fit into the desired space. Flooring is often down to personal preference and many new homeowners may decide to change it if they have space in their budget. Some people prefer wood floors, while others prefer carpet so it is best to avoid changing this just in case. The property pro said: “It can be really tempting to renovate your house from top-to-bottom when putting it up for sale, but you have to remember the cost involved and whether it’s likely you will be able to recoup that amount of money in the sale. READ MORE: 'Quick fixes' to address damp issues in your home on a budget Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Most people will move into a home and expect to carry out some jobs themselves. After all, they will want to put their own stamp on the space. “If your flooring is looking a little worse for wear, consider if you can avoid replacing it and reassuring the buyer that it can be easily changed by them.” Blinds and curtains are a crucial part of any room with a window, keeping the light, heat or cold out of the home. However, they can be pricey and it may not be worth replacing these before you move home. Terry continued: “Instead of spending time and money buying new blinds, simply take them down. “This will open up the windows to let plenty of light in and will stop you from worrying about their condition if they are old or broken. “This will also ensure potential buyers have a blank canvas to transform themselves. Just make sure you wash the windows thoroughly because cobwebs and marks will be more obvious.” If planning on staying in the same home for a number of years, worthwhile investments to increase your home’s price may include adding an extra bedroom, renovating the kitchen or bathroom or extending into the loft. Smaller improvements include freshening up the kerb appeal and making sure if you have a garden, it is nice and tidy.