The Met Office is warning of potential flooding to hit parts of Britain in a matter of hours. It has issued a yellow weather warning for rain in two large regions which comes into place from 6am tomorrow. The Environment Agency has also earmarked 28 areas, mostly close to rivers, which may burst their banks as torrential downpours smash against the country. There are also 79 flood alerts active across England, which are less severe but urge residents to be on-guard and prepare to reach safety if the downpours unexpectedly get worse. River water levels are already high in many at-risk areas after a weekend of wet and windy weather. But tomorrow, large part of western England, and Wales is due to be hit the hardest. The Met Office has highlighted Derbyshire, Blackburn with Darwen, Blackpool, Cheshire East, Cheshire West and Chester, Cumbria, Greater Manchester, Halton, Lancashire, Merseyside, Warrington and North and West Yorkshire as areas of concern in the north. It says: "Outbreaks of rain will spread across England and Wales during Tuesday. This will be heaviest and most persistent across parts of Wales, particularly over higher ground. Rainfall totals of 80-100 mm could accumulate over high ground." In Wales the warning covers Blaenau Gwent, Bridgend, Caerphilly, Cardiff, Carmarthenshire, Ceredigion, Conwy, Denbighshire, Gwynedd, Merthyr Tydfil, Monmouthshire, Neath Port Talbot, Newport, Powys, Rhondda Cynon Taf, Swansea, Torfaen Vale of Glamorgan and Wrexham. While flooding may be more likely in some areas than others, the forecaster says drivers ought to be cautious on the roads due to spray and surface water, with passengers possibly held up by delays on public transport. Power outages are also likely.     The flood warnings map is peppered with alerts, with a stream of red symbols showing areas which are most at risk. In response to an alert for Curry Moor and Hay Moor in Somerset, the Environment Agency said: "Heavy rainfall is forecast for Tuesday morning and the next few days. "As the ground is so wet rivers are quickly responsive to the rainfall. Consequently this flood warning will remain in force. The River Tone at Currymoor is forecast to rise as a result. We are closely monitoring the situation and our incident duty staff are checking rivers are free from blockages." In regards to the The Crane in Dorset, it adds: "Following three months of above average rainfall, groundwater levels in the area have risen considerably, and with further rainfall forecast over the next ten days are set to rise yet further." Natural Resources Wales and the Environment Agency remain committed to keeping a number of sites under close observation. READ MORE: Ice cold chill to return driven by 'disturbances across the globe' Jim Dale, a meteorologist from British Weather Services, told Express.co.uk about what's to come. He said: "We are due a bit of both, thunderstorms and flooding - the west is most at risk from localised flooding tomorrow." In reference to the rest of the week, he added: "It will be less wet but often windy and showery at times. Saturday will bring more heavy rain." The difference between a flood alert and a flood warning is that alerts are more preparing people for potential flooding chaos, whereas warnings are more certain - with people urged to get their families and pets to safety and evacuate their homes. The outlook for the UK from this Wednesday to Friday reads: "Bright or sunny spells Wednesday with heavy showers and strong winds. Rain on Thursday clearing to blustery and heavy showers, mainly north, some sunny spells. Temperatures around normal." This weekend could see a return of heavy rain, it adds: "On Saturday, showers or rain, locally heavy, with some bright or sunny spells at times. Drier conditions more likely in the north, whereas southern areas will perhaps see some persistent, heavy rain. "Windy, especially across parts of the west/southwest. On Sunday, low pressure will probably be replaced by a ridge from the west, introducing a colder northerly flow. Conditions will be a mix of sunny spells with the occasional shower, wintry in the north."