The state pension age is currently 66, but plans are already in place to increase this to 67 in six years’ time, and to 68 by 2046. However, a rise to 68 could come as soon as 2035, as the Government mulls ways to save money, according to The Sun, with an announcement expected by the March Budget. With millions of Britons face working for longer if a rise to the state pension age is accelerated, with many likely feeling there is no choice but to continue to work. But the UK’s plans can also be compared to other nations across the world which are also considering how to tackle their state retirement ages, given an ageing global population. France is currently in the spotlight after its government's plans to increase the state pension age from 62 to 64 were met with resistance with citizens taking to the streets in protest. Prime Minister Elisabeth Borne, backed by President Emmanuel Macron, has set out her controversial plan to increase the state pension age by two years to 64 by 2030. READ MORE: State pension age hike ‘will make Tories opposition’ Tom Selby, head of retirement policy at AJ Bell, said: “No country has experienced quite as much controversy over state pension reform as France, with the Government previously reluctant to push through change for fear of sparking mass protests. “However, all countries will eventually have to face up to the demographic time bomb, with a growing older population and a shrinking younger population to support them.” In Germany, the country is currently in the process of raising the official retirement age from 65 to 67 - applicable for people born after 1967, according to Expatica. But, the website explained: “It’s possible to claim early retirement at 63 if you contributed for at least 35 years. However, the number of months you would have had to work until the actual age of 67 is deducted from your pension entitlement. This is called the Zugangsfaktor.” DON'T MISSState pension age hike would be 'cruel' warns charity [INSIGHT]Married pensioners may be eligible for £278.70 per week [UPDATE]State pension age 'to rise to 68' within 12 years under new plans [LATEST] In both Italy and Denmark, the current state pension age is 67 years old and rising. For an Italian state pension, citizens must also have at least 20 years of tax contributions. While in Denmark, the state pension age will increase to 68 by 2030, the OECD remarked. In the Netherlands, the state pension age is currently 65, but is gradually rising to 67 - set to reach this point in 2024. In 2028, the pension age will be raised to 67 years and three months, their Government has confirmed. READ MORE: Martin Lewis explains if savers should lock in fixed rates 'now' Looking further afield to Australia, the state pension age is being gradually increased from 65 to 67 years of age. According to interactive investor, the Australian state pension is means-tested, based on a person’s assets. In Japan, the basic state pension age is 65 with a minimum of 10 years of contributions. The OECD states those who are looking for the full pension in this nation will need 40 years of contributions, with the sum adjusted proportionally for shorter contribution periods. At present, the state pension age, known as the normal retirement age, in the United States of America is 67, after being hiked from 66 years and four months in 2022. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea In the US, eligibility for retirement benefits depends on the number of years in which contributions are made with a minimum requirement of 10 years. A DWP spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “No decision has been taken on changes to the state pension age. “The Government is required by law to regularly review the state pension age and the second state pension age review is currently considering, based on a wide range of evidence including latest life expectancy data and two independent reports, whether the rules around state pension age remain appropriate. “The review will be published in early 2023.”