Liverpool left-back Andy Robertson admits the Reds are getting "worse" following their FA Cup defeat to Brighton. Jurgen Klopp's side suffered late heartache as Kaoru Mitoma netted an injury-time winner for the Seagulls on Sunday. Liverpool took the lead on the half-hour mark, with Harvey Elliott finishing calmly after being put through on goal by Mohamed Salah. However, the visitors were only ahead for a matter of minutes. Tariq Lamptey's speculative long-range strike took a big deflection off Lewis Dunk and wrong-footed Liverpool keeper Alisson. Liverpool had chances to win the game but were wasteful in front of goal. It looked set to be heading for a replay. But Mitoma remained composed in the closing stages to finish well after a well-worked Brighton free kick. Liverpool are now out of both domestic cup competitions and sit ninth in the Premier League table. Their only hope of silverware this season is the Champions League, where they face serial winners Real Madrid in the last-16. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Robertson admitted Liverpool performed better than their last trip to Brighton, the 3-0 league loss earlier this month. But he believes their form is currently only heading in one direction. Robertson said: "We were more competitive than two weeks ago but that didn't take much. We created chances and were more compact but at the end of the day we are out of the cup and that's hard to take. "At a club like Liverpool, fans expect a lot and to lose with the last kick of the ball it's disappointing. We need to start winning games. It's easy to say but harder to fix. "This season has been nowhere near good enough. At the turn of the year we wanted a new start, we've not been, if anything we've been worse. In the league, we haven't been good enough and now we're out of both cups now." DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart  Robertson does not know the reason behind some of Liverpool's wretched results this season. And he apologised to the club's supporters for once again letting them down. The Scot added: "You can't put your finger on one thing, it's more than that. You can tell we're not as confident in front of goal and in defence we are a wee bit open. "We had two clean sheets coming into today but then go and concede two goals. We need to get the confidence back, it's easier said than done, and that's how we will get results. "We need to do it quickly and we're not. That it doesn't help the fans, I'm sorry for them and the way we are putting on a show. We let them down again."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here