In a letter coordinated by Conservative MP Jonathan Gullis with Howard Cox, founder of FairFuelUK, 30 MPs have called on the Business Minister Grant Shapps to investigate introducing a watchdog to monitor petrol and diesel prices. The campaign would create “PumpWatch”, an independent watchdog designed to help reduce inflation and “stop perennial opportunistic profiteering”. The request to Grant Shapps is also supported by the Chancellor, Jeremy Hunt, who wants to know how such a consumer price protection watchdog would work in practice. Between October 10 and December 8, 2022, petrol prices fell just three percent, despite wholesale costs falling by 22 percent. It is significantly worse for diesel. Retail prices hardly changed in the same period yet its wholesale cost plunged by 25 percent. The price difference between petrol and diesel was also a large sticking point, jumping from a range of 5p per litre to 24p per litre. READ MORE: Thousands of drivers could escape speeding fines through loophole The letter has been signed by a myriad of Conservative MPs including Priti Patel, Lee Anderson, Wendy Morton and Greg Smith. Jonathan Gullis, MP for Stoke-on-Trent North, said something must be done to “check the chronic fleecing of motorists”. He added: "So along with my fellow MPs, and the APPG for Fair Fuel for UK Motorists and UK Hauliers, I propose we review and adopt the FairFuelUK PumpWatch proposals. “In the scheme of things, this popular antidote to inflationary pressure will cost the Government very little to implement. DON'T MISS10 classic cars becoming tax and MOT exempt in 2023 - including BMW [INSIGHT]EV owners urged to keep heating low or risk 'battery damage' [WARNING]Petrol and diesel drivers wasting £188million a year by idling [SHOCKING] “And simply involve a small team of analysts headed by the independent consumer fuel campaigning expert, Howard Cox." Recently released RAC analysis found that wholesale prices were starting to slowly rise again, bringing retailer margins back to more normal, fairer levels. The fear now is that retailers waste no time in putting pump prices back up despite there being no justification for doing so. By not fully reflecting wholesale price drops and keeping pump prices artificially high, retailers make more money out of drivers from every litre they sell. READ MORE: Newcastle Clean Air Zone launches today with £50 daily charge Currently, there are no changes forecast for the price of petrol, which stands at 148.89p per litre, and super unleaded (164.04p). However, diesel prices are expected to fall, although not as quickly as before Christmas, with drivers paying an average of 170.40p per litre. Howard Cox, Founder of FairFuelUK says: “We should be seeing fuel price signposts across the country, at least 10 to 20p per litre lower for petrol and diesel. The fact they are not, shows just how greedy the fuel supply chain continues to be. “With Shell and BP shortly to announce yet more huge profits, cutting pump prices to honest levels would not hurt these giant businesses one iota. "What’s more, this surprisingly and increasingly anti-motorist Tory administration up until now seems to be sitting back, dare I say it, almost encouraging the fuel supply chain to continue to fleece drivers at the pumps. "But the political signs are encouraging at last, so hopefully the March Budget will continue to freeze duty at the current level and be a platform to announce PumpWatch. "Don’t forget about the many billions of extra VAT pouring into the Treasury due to those eye-watering pump prices in the last 12 months. “The sickening double taxation should be looked at too. It's not only immoral it verges on being criminal.”