Chelsea’s expenditure since the club’s takeover by Todd Boehly and the Clearlake Capital Group has left football supporters baffled as to how the Blues have managed to get around Financial Fairplay regulations. The impending £88million signing of Mykhaylo Mudryk means the side have now spent £437m over the last two transfer windows with reports suggesting there could be even more to come. FFP rules were brought in by UEFA in 2011 to try and clamp down on the club’s overspending in order to be competitive in the biggest competitions. The purpose of the regulations is to stop clubs from spending more than they make in order to protect their long-term survival however they also serve the secondary purpose of preventing outside sources, like owners, from ploughing too much of their own money into their teams to gain an advantage over poorer opposition. Manchester City are the most notable English club to have fallen foul of the rules in the past. The club were sanctioned by UEFA in 2020 for breaching the rules receiving a two-year ban from European competitions however successfully appealed the decision at the Court of Arbitration for Sport, receiving a fine of around £9m instead. Nottingham Forest, Bournemouth and Fulham are among the other clubs to have been sanctioned under the legislation while it has also prevented Newcastle United from going as quickly in the transfer market as they initially wanted to after their Saudi Arabian takeover. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE However, the rules have not deterred Chelsea from making lavish moves in the transfer market over the course of this season. With £437m spent and with more potentially in the pipeline over the next two weeks fans have been left confused as to how they have managed it. Part of the answer lies in how Chelsea have structured the deals. Mudryk, for example, will receive an eight-year-and-a-half deal at Stamford Bridge to allow the expenditure to be spread over a longer period. Benoit Badiashile received a contract of just one year less but the talks for Enzo Fernandez fell through after Benfica could not agree to the instalments that Chelsea were hoping to pay. DON'T MISSManchester United boss Ten Hag may have pulled off transfer masterstrokeChelsea could axe 10 players in squad firesale as Boehly backs PotterMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in private Another way the club may look to fund their dealings is by selling some of their lesser-used players for significant transfer fees. Recent reports have suggested that Graham Potter would be allowing up to 10 players depart Stamford Bridge, something that would go a long way to recouping their previous expenditure. There is likely to be more business done by Chelsea over the next couple of weeks so expect more long contracts and some outgoings if they are to keep up their current level of spending.