Tottenham boss Antonio Conte will not have been pleased with his players during Sunday's north London derby against Arsenal and perhaps will be left red-faced amid a difficult first half for the hosts. A contentious moment during the first half saw the Gunners' midfielder Thomas Partey block a pass with his hand, but the referee did not award the Ghanaian a yellow card. Spurs players were incensed as they crowded the official and demanded that Partey was booked for his offence, which even left Manchester United icon Gary Neville perplexed on commentary duty for Sky Sports. He claimed "that has to be a booking" but the midfielder was not punished beyond conceding a foul. Harry Kane and co were deep in protest to the referee, not long after Conte had hit out at the Gunners for previously hounding officials during games, as Arsenal have recently been charged twice by the FA for being unable to control their players. "I think that also in an important game like this, the respect is always at the top, OK?" Conte said ahead of Sunday's derby. "You have to show respect in every situation and especially also with the referee because I know very well the difficulty [it takes] to be a referee, to [make] decisions. "I think to intimidate [the referee] or to create a bad atmosphere is not fair. I don't like this. I hate the people that try to do it. Don't forget that we are talking always about a game of football." Conte will not have been happy at his squad for hounding the referee, though he will have been further displeased by the goal that Spurs conceded in the first half. Bukayo Saka's cross was deflected off Ryan Sessegnon and goalkeeper Hugo Lloris could not stop the ball from slipping through his fingers before it went in at the near post. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'put on UEFA watchlist' as they sign Mudryk for £88m feeArsenal target Mykhaylo Mudryk flying to UK for Chelsea medicalChelsea 'very close' to signing Mudryk as Arsenal target open to move It was the latest in a series of high-profile errors from Lloris, and Neville explained that he felt the goalkeeping for the opener was "so poor" despite the initial deflection from Sessegnon. "There’s no doubt Arsenal have been the better side," Neville said. "They just get in down this side, little spin, lovely little run from Saka. [Cristian] Romero in the middle is playing him onside, and then Sessegnon is intent on showing him onto his right foot and he does, and he takes that opportunity. There’s a little deflection there I think off Sessegnon which I still think they’ve got to do better at that near post. "Lloris, that’s just so poor. He started shakily with his feet, Lloris, and he’s followed it on now with his hands. Some may say there’s a deflection there that potentially causes him more of a problem, but he has to deal with that. It’s not good enough. For Arsenal they’ve played all their football, they’ve settled into the game. I’m not sure who he’s complaining to." 