In an open letter ahead of the launch this week, Kate spoke candidly of how she is “absolutely determined” to change the public perception of the importance of early childhood development. Kate’s crusade is being led through The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood, which she founded in June 2021, and she revealed it is being backed by a “remarkable” group of experts as well as “an exciting group of well-known faces from music, sport and television.” In the impassioned, signed statement of intent released last night, she declares: “As a society, we currently spend much more of our time and energy on later life.” But she vows: “I am absolutely determined that this long-term campaign is going to change that. It will start by highlighting how we develop during early childhood and why these years matter so much in terms of shaping who we become.” Kate said the campaign will teach people how “Our experiences, relationships, and surroundings at that young age, shape the rest of our lives”. The Royal Foundation’s mission statement emphasises: “Over the last decade, the Princess of Wales has spent time looking into how experiences in early childhood are often the root cause of today’s hardest social challenges, such as addiction, family breakdown, poor mental health, suicide and homelessness.” At the same time, many of the experts with whom she is working – in fields including neuroscience, psychology and perinatal psychiatry – are urging all politicians to devote more resources to giving the nation’s youngsters a better start. At a meeting last week with her eight-member advisory board in the Green Drawing Room at Windsor Castle last week, the Princess of Wales told them: “These are really complicated, big issues to look at. But I think from the Centre’s point of view, one of the main key areas is how do we develop the social and emotional skills which are vital for later life? How do we better manage and regulate our emotions? How do we build better relationships?" “So….big questions, big topics, complicated. But I really feel excited to start the journey.” Advisory panel member Dr. Trudi Seneviratne, a registrar at the Royal College of Psychiatrists, said it was vital politicians avoided cutting financial support for projects created by their predecessors. The last Labour Government opened Sure Start centres for children, but more than 1,000 have been closed since 2010 as a result of budget cuts. Dr. Seneviratne said: “We need all of government to buy into this as a long-term programme that actually continues regardless of changes of government. That’s really, really important.”