Stacey Solomon has finally revealed she and husband Joe Swash are expecting a baby girl in an emotional Instagram post this evening. The newborn will be the couple's second daughter together after they welcomed Rose last year. Sharing the news, a tearful Stacey penned: "When Rose Found Out She’s Going To Have A… Sister "So excited to share with you that we are going to be saying hello to another darling daughter soon. Sisters. "The boys are so excited. And the thought of Rose having a little sister as well as all of her amazing big brothers has filled Our hearts." Stacey went on to share a quote about sisters from Isadora James, adding: "A sister is a gift to the heart, a friend to the spirit, a golden thread to the meaning of life." READ MORE... Stacey Solomon says 'I don’t know how' after Joe's racy suggestion "I have the most incredible sisters in the world. They are my everything. I’m so excited for the boys, Rose and our newest little girl…" The Loose Women panellist concluded. Stacey punctuated her post with several crying face emojis, giving her 5.5 million followers an insight into how overwhelmed she was feeling over her bundle of joy. The mum-of-four was inundated with congratulatory comments from her celeb pals, including Mrs Hinch, who penned: "Solomon Swash Sisters just perfect and a beautiful bond for life love you all xxx" Kate Thornton added: "That’s lovely Stace! Congratulations to you all! X."  Stacey gave fans another surprise last month when she announced her and Joe were set to welcome their third child together. The news came when the former X Factor star was quite far along in her pregnancy. Stacey, who is over eight months pregnant, shared two adorable photos while announcing she is expecting a baby girl. The presenter posed in her Essex mansion, named Pickle Cottage, while cuddling her baby daughter Rose. DON'T MISS:Michael Bublé opens up in 'tough' video as he 'leaves wife and kids'Piers Morgan sparks divide over 'playing the victim' remark Lucy Alexander breaks silence on A Place In The Sun amid BBC exit The pregnant star was clad in just a brown bra and grey joggers as Rose covered her eyes while giggling. Earlier today, Stacey teased a baby update as she uploaded a post showing she was on her way to a scan.   Stacey and Joe are parents to Rose, 14 months, and Rex, three. She also shares son Leighton, 10, with ex-partner Aaron Barham, and her eldest child Zachery, 14, with Dean Cox. Joe is also dad to his teenage son Harry, 15, who he shares with his ex-fiancée Emma Sophocleous. Stacey recently gushed while appearing on ITV's Lorraine that the couple are "grateful they get the chance" to expand their family together.