Revealing royal memoir Spare has already become a worldwide bestseller following the latest bombshells from Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. The Royal Family drama has not only been making headlines in the UK but has recently caused a stir in the US following a candid interview with Anderson Cooper on the CBS news show 60 Minutes. Harry’s 60 Minutes interview with US broadcaster Anderson brought in the highest numbers of the season, according to the latest Nielsen figures. The latest stats claim a staggering 11.2 million total viewers tuned into the hour, up from 10.52 million reported on Monday. These mark the series’ best next-day streaming figures since President Donald Trump’s interview in October 2020. This episode also brought the average viewership for the current season of the interview series up by 16 percent. READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash Anderson’s sit-down with Harry also topped the previous season record set by the October 16 episode featuring interviews with families of Ukrainian victims. His 60 Minutes conversation was the first in a series of interviews for Harry, which continued with talks on ITV and Good Morning America. Harry is also set to appear on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert on Wednesday night to promote the release of Spare and chat candidly about his upbringing as a royal. The Duke of Sussex was confirmed to have been served tequila shots during his Late Show stint and opened up about his school rivalry with his brother Prince William. In his discussion with Anderson, Harry spoke more about his marriage to Meghan, his relationships with other royals and processing the death of his mother Diana, Princess of Wales. He admitted both he and his brother at one point believed their mother may have faked her death in 1996 to step out of the public spotlight. “‘She would never do this to us,’” he remembered thinking. “‘Maybe this is all part of a plan.’” Despite receiving photos from the police of Diana’s fatal accident in Paris, he claimed he remained “in denial” about her death until he visited her grave at the age of 23. DON'T MISS:Star Trek Picard star teases future beyond season 3 [INSIGHT]The Blacklist star didn’t expect to survive eight seasons [INTERVIEW]Ginny and Georgia showrunner 'seals' Paul and Georgia feud [TEASER] In another stunning revelation, Harry revealed both he and William urged their father King Charles not to marry Camilla Parker Bowles, now Queen Consort. “We didn’t think [the marriage] was necessary,” he recalled to Anderson. “We thought that it was gonna cause more harm than good and that if he was now with his person ... Surely that’s enough. Why go that far when you don’t necessarily need to?” However, the brothers eventually conceded they wanted their father “to be happy, and saw how happy he was with her.” The interview also touched more on the public perception of his relationship and subsequent marriage to actress Meghan Markle. “The fact that she was American, an actress, divorced, Black - biracial with a Black mother - those were just four of the typical stereotypes that ... becomes a feeding frenzy for the British press,” he said. “My family read the tabloids,” he added. “So whether you walk around saying you believe it or not ... it’s still leaving an imprint in your mind. “So if you have that judgement based on a stereotype right at the beginning, it’s very, very hard to get over that.” 60 Minutes with Prince Harry is available to watch on CBS All Access.