Cristiano Ronaldo's first match since joining Al-Nassr has reportedly drawn 'over two million' fans into queueing up online for tickets to watch the Portuguese superstar in action. The 37-year-old will once again have to watch from the stands this weekend for Al-Nassr's match against Al Shabab as he serves a two-match ban from his time at Manchester United. He will then be eligible to play in Al-Nassr's next league match against Al-Ettifaq on January 22, but he's set to make his first appearance a few days before. Al-Nassr have a friendly arranged with Paris Saint-Germain on January 19 with Rudi Garcia confirming Ronaldo will play against the Ligue 1 giants. “His debut won’t be with the Al Nassr jersey,” said Garcia. “It will be a mix between Al Hilal and Al Nassr. “As the coach of Al Nassr, I cannot be pleased with this match. For development, to see PSG, to see the great Parisian players, indeed it is a good thing. “But we have a championship game three days later. In terms of scheduling, it could have been better thought out. But it’s not a big deal.” The match will be played at the 68,000-capacity King Fahd Stadium in Riyadh with ESPN claiming tickets sold out 'within minutes'. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  The report adds that 'over two million' people were in an online queue to try and get their hands on tickets. It will also see Ronaldo go up against Lionel Messi for the first time since 2020 when the Portuguese star was at Juventus and the latter was with Barcelona. It is also said that a Saudi Arabian businessman is leading the bidding for a prestige seat for next week's match. Mushref Al-Ghamdi reportedly tabled an as-yet-unbeaten offer currently at 10 million riyals (£2.2m) for the one-of-a-kind ticket.  The bidding is part of an auction that ends on January 17 with the winner being given access to the winner's ceremony and allowed to enter the dressing rooms and meet both Ronaldo and Messi. Ronaldo could also be joined by Messi in Saudi Arabia in the near future with the Argentine the subject of a blockbuster bid. Al-Hilal are supposedly hoping to offer Messi an eye-watering deal worth £245million-a-year. Messi is yet to sign a new contract with PSG and is set to become a free agent in the summer. Reports in France have suggested that talks between PSG and Messi have been going well and he could be set to sign an extension on his current deal.