A grief-stricken widow was devastated to hear her husband's tragic last words on the phone as he lay stricken having suffered a heart attack alone at home - amid a near two-hour wait for an ambulance. Michael Wright, 33, died that same evening in hospital, a tragedy his 31-year-old wife Vicki has described as "avoidable" as he had to wait for help.  The father of four dialled 999 after experiencing excruciating pains in his chest and vomiting alone at home in Great Yarmouth, Norfolk. Michael, a former landscape gardener, "became scared" and deteriorated during the one-hour-and-45-minute wait for paramedics on Tuesday January 17. When the man was eventually rushed to hospital, tests showed he'd had a heart attack. Speaking of her grief last night, Michael's wife Vicki told Express.co.uk: "I am angry. I am really angry. It could have been prevented. It could have. It's horrible.  East of England Ambulance Service has apologised for the delay. It came amid a string of industrial action by employees across various industries, including ambulance workers. But no strike action has been taken by staff at East of England Ambulance Service. Vicki, who married Michael in 2018, believes his death would have been avoided if paramedics had arrived at his home within the guideline time of 18 minutes for the Category 2 call. The retail assistant, who was out with the children when Michael fell ill, said: "It definitely would have been avoided if the ambulance had arrived sooner. "This death was avoidable. "I got a call to say he had gone into cardiac arrest in hospital. I rushed there and they put me straight in the family room, and they said basically that he'd gone. "They had tried to work on him for 90 minutes." Paying tribute to Michael, Vicki said: "Michael was lovely. He was very humorous. He had a very funny side to his character. "He made me laugh."  An East of England Ambulance Service spokesperson said: "We offer our sincere condolences to Mr Wright’s family and loved ones. "At the time of the call we were experiencing high levels of demand and our ability to respond to patients was significantly affected by handover delays at hospitals. "We are working hard to meet demand on our services by recruiting additional clinical staff, hiring more call handlers, and working closely with local hospitals to reduce handover delays so we can reach patients more quickly." 