Prince Harry labelled Prince William his "arch-nemesis" in his upcoming memoir Spare, it has been revealed. Good Morning America anchor Michael Strahan has shared a teaser clip of a one-on-one interview with the royal set to air on January 9. He said: "There's a quote in the book where you refer to your brother as your 'beloved brother and arch nemesis'. Strong words." Harry replied: "There has always been this competition between us, weirdly. I think it plays into the heir/spare." The royal added: "Ultimately, what this all comes down to is, I don't think that we can ever have peace with my family unless the truth is out there." Having read the memoir, Strahan goes on to reveal what Harry discusses in the book. He said: "This book is a lot more than just his relationship with his brother, he covers so much. "He talks about deep grief, his time in the military and the most important role, being a husband and a father. "He also talks about his grievances with the press but it's also a story and a conversation with him about healing. "When you read the book, you realise it's been one heck of a life and to see where he is right now." The latest interview comes after an excerpt reported by The Guardian reveals the Duke of Sussex claimed he was physically attacked by his brother the Prince of Wales and knocked to the floor during a furious confrontation over the Duchess of Sussex. Harry reportedly also alleges that William and the Princess of Wales "howled" with laughter when they saw it Harry in the Nazi uniform he wore to a fancy dress party in 2005. Kensington Palace and Buckingham Palace have declined to comment on the leaked claims from Harry's book. The details emerged five days before the explosive tell-all autobiography is due to be published. Harry alleges the heated confrontation took place at his then-home in London, Nottingham Cottage, in 2019. READ MORE: Harry is monetizing his father's pain with this dreadful book The newspaper said it was able to obtain a copy of Spare despite the tight pre-launch security. Harry writes: "(William) called me another name, then came at me. It all happened so fast. So very fast. He grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor." Other revelations from the book include how the brothers call each other "Willy" and "Harold". DON'T MISS Prince Harry's memoir final nail in coffin as interviews backfired [ANALYSIS]William 'ordered plane to leave without Harry' as Queen lay dying [INSIGHT]Prince Harry warned he 'can't treat public like fools' [VIDEO]  The autobiography is expected to further inflame tensions between the brothers. In an interview ahead of next Tuesday's book release, Harry told ITV's Tom Bradby of his heartbreak at the situation. The 38-year-old prince said: “It never needed to be this way. The leaking...the planting, I want a family, not an institution. They feel as though it's better to keep us somehow as the villains. They've shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile.” Harry added: “I would like to get my father back. I would like to have my brother back.” The younger brother and wife Meghan Markle left Britain in February 2021 when the pair confirmed they would be stepping back from their roles as senior working members of the Royal Family. They said they felt they could not "continue with the responsibilities and duties that come with a life of public service". However, the Sussexes' private office insisted they would “remain committed to their duty and service to the UK and around the world, and have offered their continued support to the organisations they have represented regardless of official role”.