A Florida police chief has warned that "most people are armed" after a homeowner shot a 27-year-old burglar. Haines City police chief Gregory Goreck was responding to an incident in the Sunshine State on Friday when a man with a concealed weapon permit returned to his home and found two intruders burglarising his residence. The homeowner fired his gun and hit one of the suspects before the pair fled the scene. Speaking at a press conference, Mr Goreck said: "One should expect that if you are brazen enough to enter into someone’s residence and it is not yours, with intent to commit an unlawful act, there may be repercussions." He added: "We live in Florida, and more so, we live in Polk County, and most people are armed." Haines City police staff were able to catch up with the injured suspect at a nearby park while using a canine police officer. JUST IN: Donald Trump brands Ron DeSantis 'very disloyal' as ex-POTUS kickstarts 2024 campaign   Tyriek Tramaine Washington was hospitalised with multiple gunshot wounds which are not believed to be life-threatening. He was arrested and subsequently charged with burglary. Washington is now being held at Polk County Jail while authorities continue to investigate the incident and attempt to locate the second suspect. Goreck added: "Immediately at that point the officers, even though this was a felon who had been illegally inside someone's house, immediately changed focus and changed gears and went from a search and locate and apprehend to saving this individual's life." READ MORE: Melania leaves Donald Trump to campaign without family amid revived Ivanka fallout claims   Officers confirmed the homeowner fully complied with police inquiries. The force concluded the homeowner legally defended his home during the incident. However, Goreck's comments also shed some light on gun-ownership in the Sunshine State. According to the RAND Corporation's 2020 study, an estimated 35.3 percent of adults in Florida live in homes with guns. DON'T MISS:Heartbroken mum of Tyre Nichols speaks out [REVEAL]Cops face investigation after traffic stop death [REPORT]Memphis cops filmed crying over pepper spray as Tyre Nichols lay dying [INSIGHT]  Texas was the only American state which ranked higher, with 45.7 percent of adults in the Lone Star State saying they live in homes with guns. Governor Ron DeSantis previously spoke about Florida's views on the second amendment. Speaking about opportunistic looters who were considering taking advantage of those made vulnerable by Hurricane Ian last October, DeSantis said: "I can tell you, in the state of Florida, you never know what may be lurking behind someone’s home, and I wouldn’t want to chance that if I were you, given we’re a second amendment state." 