A pub has hit back at a diner who described their vegetables as "mush" despite them still managing to devour the entire plate of food. The customer took to TripAdvisor, announcing in their review they would never return to the establishment before giving it a measly one star.  They claim they experienced "mushy" vegetables, uncuttable beef and a cold restaurant. They even went as far as to say other good reviews were "not to be believed", reports Lancs Live. The one-star review of The Green Man in Inglewhite, Lancashire, reads: "Disappointing as reviews said would be good. The restaurant was cold. We weren't walked to the table, they just told us where it was. Had to ask for menus. Ordered food before drinks were taken. "Vegetables were boiled to mush, beef couldn’t be cut. Empty plates left for ages, in fact, we waited so long for the dessert menu and table to be cleared that we decided to leave. Much better elsewhere I’m afraid, we won’t be back." Staff were quick to refute these claims, saying that they were "confused" about the allegations in the review and asked them to not call their other guests "fibbers". Taking to TripAdvisor to defend the service, staff wrote: "Firstly from what I have found we had our busiest Sunday to date (which in January after a very busy festive season cannot be predicted) due to how busy we were it left us a little short staffed. "I apologise you weren’t shown directly to your table but had you observed just how much the team were tirelessly running around surely that can be forgiven. "I believe one of your table did complain about the wait time for food and this was compensated by issuing you some discount to your bill (no mention of that in your review) and when checked back you said everything was fine, (had you raised your unhappiness then it would have given us an opportunity to rectify) you then said your empty plates were left for a long time while waiting for the dessert menu. "Well, it surely cannot have been that bad if your plates were empty? "As for desserts, we don’t have a menu, as these are all home made and can change daily, no one at your table asked a team member so sadly they were unaware that you wanted a dessert. "Moving now to the title of your review. Please can you not call our other reviewers fibbers? That’s a very unfair and false statement. Our reviews are very believable and are truthful. "We pride ourselves on being a small family-run business that has managed to keep going after some very tough years (pandemic etc) sometimes like all humans things aren’t always perfect but we always strive to go out of our way to apologise and rectify when given the opportunity."  However, the disgruntled review seems to be an anomaly, as The Green Man is loved by many and has been voted one of the finest pubs in Preston. On TripAdvisor, the pub is currently rated the 12th best restaurant out of 329 in the city and has been hailed as both the most dog-friendly and the cosiest pub around. Established in 1809, under new management since January 2017, and operating as a free house since 2018, with fabulous views from all sides, the Green Man is perfectly located to enjoy a drink or meal and just relax. The popular eatery is famed locally for its Sunday roast dinners. Their popularity, as well as their service, has earned them a rating of 4.5/5 on TripAdvisor.      It has many five star reviews expressing their pleasure at the quality of the food, and how accommodating the staff are. One such review reads: "We went to the Green Man as a large group and vegan requests, they did not disappoint and in fact went beyond our expectations. "The food was amazing, clean plates all round and all the staff were very friendly and helpful. "Amazing place. Can’t wait to visit again. Thank you." Another reviewer said: "Superb, independent pub. We had a roast dinner and an Irish stew. "Probably one of the best bar lunches I've had in a long time. "Staff were friendly and couldn't do enough. Highly recommended eclectic relaxing country pub."