This Sunday, viewers will see Mollie Gallagher make her Dancing on Ice debut as the second half of stars take to the ice. Speaking to Express.co.uk, the Coronation Street star shared the support she’s received from her soap co-stars.  Throughout the show’s history, Dancing on Ice fans have seen its fair share of Coronation Street stars compete. Last year, soap legend Sally Dynevor took part in the competition alongside long-running professional skater Matt Evers before becoming the sixth star to be eliminated. Following in her skating boots for the show’s 15th series is her 25-year-old acting co-star Mollie Gallagher, best known for playing Nina Lucas in the ITV soap. As many of her colleagues have already experienced the journey she’s about to embark on, Mollie told Express.co.uk the advice she’s been given so far.  READ MORE:James Bulger’s mum ’in touching distance of getting justice’ She said: “Yeah there’s been a fair few now, they all just say it’s the best experience ever and it really is. “Also to enjoy it, there’s no point in panicking, it’s good fun. Just do your best and it’ll all be good.” Although she’s spending a considerable amount of time on the ice ahead of her debut, the young actress has continued to film for Coronation Street alongside her training. Her fellow Dancing on Ice star Carley Stenson commented: “I don’t know how Mollie’s doing it, she does 12-hour days shooting and then trying to skate.”  Mollie will be skating for the first time on Sunday night alongside Darren Harriott, John Fashanu, The Vivienne and Carley Stenson. However, even if a contestant is given a low score by the four judges, the decision on whether or not they’ve made it through to the next week all comes down to the public vote. During the opening weekend of Dancing on Ice, it was revealed that Love Island’s Ekin-Su will be re-doing her routine in the skate-off after receiving the lowest vote within her group. Despite the 28-year-old being awarded a respectable 21.5, it wasn’t enough to keep her from having to fight to stay in the competition. DON'T MISS... A New Life in the Sun stars hurled 'in the deep end' over business [INSIGHT] The Masked Singer’s Knitting identity ‘uncovered’ as Elaine Paige [VIDEO] Coronation Street fans 'work out' Hope Stape kills new family member [REACTION]  The reality star performed a routine to the Brittney Spears song Toxic which secured her place as fourth on the leaderboard. Currently at the bottom, with a total of 19, are former Liberty X singer Michelle Heaton and her partner Lukasz Rozycki. On the other end of the spectrum are Olympian Nile Wilson and Olivia Smart who were given an impressive 29.5 after wowing the judges. Joining Mollie on the ice for the first time is stand-up comedian Darren Harriott who confessed he’s already bombarding his skating partner with future routine ideas.  “I am annoying the living hell out of my partner because I am constantly sending messages saying, ‘look at this lift, look at this skate, can we do that?’ “Then my partner, Tippy will message and go, ‘yes Darren but it’s 3AM’” “We wouldn’t take part in this show if we weren’t going to go 100% because it’s too risky. Dancing on Ice continues Sunday at 6:30pm on ITV and ITVX. 