Chelsea boss Graham Potter is reportedly ready to prioritise a move for Southampton youngster Romeo Lavia as hopes of an audacious Enzo Fernandez transfer swoop fade. The Blues unsuccessfully moved for Lavia late in the summer but could enjoy more luck with a better-timed approach this month, and one which would grant the Saints some time to react. Lavia was a highly-rated member of Manchester City's academy before he was snapped up by Southampton in a £12million summer move. Despite his obvious talent, the Belgian was limited to just two senior appearances under Pep Guardiola with the Sky Blues' midfield already packed with stars. Ignoring his lack of experience, former Saints boss Ralph Hasenhuttl threw him straight in at the deep end at St Mary's and the youngster made an impressive start to the season. So much so, in fact, that Chelsea reportedly came steaming in with an audacious £50m transfer offer to take him off Southampton's hands in the very same window they signed him. The bid was rejected but talkSPORT claim that co-owner Todd Boehly could come back for a second bite at the cherry this month, having missed out on top target Fernandez. JUST IN: Transfer news LIVE - Arsenal exit confirmed, Chelsea reach agreement The Argentine was named Best Young Player at the World Cup in Qatar and Chelsea discussed a lucrative financial package with Benfica, who stood firm on demanding his entire £105m release clause being paid up front. Chelsea even tried to sweeten the deal by supposedly offering Hakim Ziyech, David Datro Fofana and Andrey Santos as part of the package but the Portuguese outfit refused to play ball. With manager Graham Potter facing a midfield reshuffle at the end of the season, the Blues may be wise to take precautions by signing at least one new player before the end of the month. DON'T MISS...Tottenham and QSI 'left specific topic off the table' during 'talks'Liverpool could sign four stars to solve major squad issueArsenal break Barcelona-style curse in Oxford United FA Cup win Lavia is still extremely new to top-level senior football, having suffered a hamstring injury that has caused him to miss much of the current campaign. The Belgium U21 international has less than 10 Premier League appearances to his name but Chelsea have an incentive to strike quickly due to a clause in his move from Man City in July. According to The Times, the Sky Blues have the option to match any future bids for Lavia and Southampton informed them of Chelsea's £50m approach on deadline day in the summer. Ultimately, City didn't have a decision to make as the offer was rejected but City boss Pep Guardiola has suggested that bringing him back to the Etihad is not out of the question.  "Romeo started amazingly at Southampton but unfortunately he had the injury," the former Barcelona boss told reporters late last year. "It was an option to keep him here but a good offer from Southampton arrived for him. However, we have an option in the future just in case. "It’s a huge opportunity to play already at this age in the Premier League. It’s massive." Lavia has now recovered from his hamstring issue and could start against former club City in Tuesday night's EFL Cup quarter-final at St Mary's.