The second episode of the popular BBC One programme's 17th season will broadcast tonight, as 18 contestants compete to win Lord Sugar's £250,000 investment. Ryan-Mark Parsons, who took part in The Apprentice in 2019, has opened up about his experience on the show. Ryan-Mark made history as the show's youngest candidate during his eight week stint on the BBC show at the age of 19. Now aged 22, the former BBC contestant has gone on to forge a successful media career as a columnist and GB News commentator. He also took part in E4's popular matchmaking reality series Celebs Go Dating last year. The on-screen star recently gave a behind-the-scenes insight into what it's really like to take part in The Apprentice as he detailed a show "ban". READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses star Patrick Murray battles second cancer Ryan-Mark explained that male and female contestants are often separated in the early stages of the competition in a bid to avoid "underhanded tactics". The commentator said during his series, a relationship ban was commonplace, as show producers want the contestants to focus on the show challenges. Addressing the show ban, he said: "Yeah, I think that was really to make sure there was no underhanded tactics, in terms of, when you are the project manager and you had to select someone for the boardroom, you wouldn't favour someone you're dating over someone else. "I think that was really designed to make everything as impartial as it possibly can be when it comes to all of the candidates."  He added: "So we were separate from the girls and we wouldn't really be allowed to spend too much time with them. It was designed to make sure there were no breaches." His comments come after it was recently reported this year's contestants signed contracts declaring a sex ban. According to reports, candidates agreed to a contract clause vowing not to partake in “any intimate physical contact and/or sexual activity” with rivals or crew involved with Lord Alan Sugar’s BBC One show. A source told The Sun: “Any antics could affect the candidates’ performance in the boardroom. DON'T MISS... Carol Vorderman says she ‘doesn’t care’ about being ‘objectified’[LATEST]A Place in the Sun’s Danni Menzies unveils injuries after moped crash[ADMISSION]Johnny Depp and Jeff Beck fought 'plagiarism' claims after new album[TRIBUTES] "The focus of the show is getting Lord Sugar to be your business partner, not finding your life partner.” Express.co.uk has contacted BBC representatives for comment. Ryan-Mark went on to praise Lord Sugar and the pair have remained in contact. "I look at [The Apprentice] with fond memories," he commented. "I still speak to Lord Sugar over Twitter and I think it was a really great opportunity." "For me, I just turned 19 and it was at the time I was having a gap year, I was considering going to university." He added: "It has opened so many doors for me in terms of media opportunities. This year [2022] filming so much. "Getting involved in so many projects that I wouldn't normally get involved with. It's just been brilliant. I really hail the show and the producers. It's well made and everyone works really hard." The Apprentice airs tonight on BBC One at 9pm.