Phil Jones could finally be set to leave Manchester United over the coming weeks after spending a number of years well away from the first-team picture at Old Trafford. The 30-year-old has been with the Red Devils since 2011 but has only made a total of four Premier League appearances over the last three years and could soon be given the chance to end his nightmare United spell by departing the club this month. Jones is one of four United fringe players to have been made available for a move elsewhere by Erik ten Hag, who is looking to trim his squad in order to raise funds for his January recruitment drive, according to The Athletic. It is said that Axel Tuanzebe, Brandon Williams and Aaron Wan-Bissaka could also be sold by United before the end of this month, with all four players hoping to earn regular minutes elsewhere rather than staying at Old Trafford.It remains to be seen where Jones will end up if he is forced out of United in the near future, with his contract set to expire at the end of the season as things stand. A mutual termination could be an option for the Red Devils in order to allow him to join another English club immediately, while foreign teams will be able to negotiate a pre-contract agreement that would see him move on a free transfer when the campaign draws to a close.Express Sport takes a look at three Premier League clubs that might be willing to take a chance on Jones in an attempt to improve their defensive ranks... JUST IN: Man Utd star Antony in line for Bournemouth dropping ahead of clash Leicester City made just two first-team signings last summer and have paid the price for their lacklustre recruitment drive, with the Foxes sitting just three points above the Premier League's drop zone as things stand. They are thought to be in the market for a new centre-back this month and could be tempted to land Jones if the opportunity presents itself, although no concrete links have been reported as of yet.The addition of Jones would help to provide the likes of Wout Faes, Daniel Amartey and Jonny Evans with some extra competition for places, while the chance to sign him without paying a transfer fee could also be an attractive proposition for Leicester in spite of his lack of minutes over the last few years. They could easily decide to chase a more accomplished player instead of Jones, though, with plenty of time left to finalise their mid-season business before the transfer window slams shut. Another potential new home for Jones could emerge in the form of the City Ground if he is targeted by free-spending Nottingham Forest, who signed a total of 22 players over the course of the summer window. The Reds have adopted a policy of strength in numbers since they were promoted to the Premier League and could look to add some much-needed experience to their squad by bringing in Jones as they look to climb out of the bottom three over the next few months.Jones has been learning from some of the best during his time at United and could be a valuable presence on the training ground and in the dressing room at Forest, even if he does not play a prominent role in Steve Cooper's plans for the rest of the campaign. His wage demands are likely to be on the higher end of the scale for a club of their current standing, although they had no qualms about shelling out more than £200,000 per week on their deal to sign Jesse Lingard from United back in pre-season. Follow our new Express Sport page on Instagram here. Southampton are in desperate need of improvements at both ends of the pitch after their sub-par start to the campaign and may also be keen on a potential move for Jones if he is offered out to clubs between now and the end of the January window. Their main priority will be to pursue some extra firepower in attack, though, after winning just three games in the Premier League all season.This could see Southampton divert the majority of their January budget towards the signing of a striker, leaving the door open for Jones to join for free in the event of his United contract being terminated over the coming days. However, it seems likely that the Saints may prefer to land a defender with a greater level of proven quality as opposed to taking a punt on Jones, given his continued lack of action for United under several different managers in recent years. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.