The latest poll has suggested that more than three in five patients support NHS workers striking. The study was performed on 1758 adults.  It also stated that 53 percent of those interviewed support teachers striking after school staff overwhelmingly voted for industrial action earlier this week. The TUC said it showed patients and parents see right through the Government’s “divide and rule tactics”. The body, which represents many trade unions, says nurses have lost £42,000 in real earnings since 2008, the equivalent of £3,000 a year, while paramedics have lost £56,000, or £4,000 a year. During the pandemic the public stood on their doorstep and clapped for NHS health workers every Thursday evening.  The TUC says the polling indicates the public’s recognition that the key workers who got Britain through Covid are “owed a decent pay rise”. TUC General Secretary Paul Nowak said: “Key workers in the public sector helped get the country through the pandemic. “This polling shows that patients and parents see right through the divide-and-rule tactics of this Conservative Government. “These are people that really rely on our public services – they know all too well the damage done by year-on-year pay cuts. READ MORE: Guy Verhofstadt turns on Germany in row over sending tanks to Ukraine  “They are fed up with ministers stonewalling negotiations – and they think that workers across the public sector are owed a decent pay rise. “It’s time this Conservative Government listened to patients, parents and the rest of the British public.” RCN’s General Secretary Pat Cullen said: “It is clear to me that the public support for what we are doing is overwhelming. “Standing on picket lines this week I have seen and heard this support first hand. DON'T MISS:Met steps in after laptop stolen from a MP's office [REVEAL]Woman mistakenly diagnosed with eating disorder  [SPOTLIGHT]Health alert issued as Britain braces for the big freeze to -3C [INSIGHT] “It is clear the public stands with nursing staff as they know that when nurses speak, they speak for patients. “It is now time for government to come to the table and give nurses and their patients the respect they deserve.” 