Running an energy-efficient household can impact more than just your bills, in fact, new data has revealed that it means you are more likely to attract buyers on the open market. After a drop in average UK house prices was recorded for the first time in a year, between October and November 2022, property experts weighed in on the types of properties selling the fastest, and for the highest amount. They discovered that despite a 0.3 percent dip in the value of homes, those with the most efficient energy ratings have been significantly less affected by the downward trend.  According to the latest survey by the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS), a staggering 61 percent of estate agents and surveyors reported that homes with high energy efficiency "aren't suffering from the same price falls" as those without, meaning buyers are avoiding older properties in favour of new. While the national average house price remains high at £295,000, the growing significance of energy performance certificates in the housing market has helped some sellers achieve a "premium" rate for their efficient homes. David Hannah, group chairman at Cornerstone Tax said: "It seems that homeowners all over the country are seriously considering turning to green renovations not only to combat the rising energy costs but also to add significant value to their home. "By making their home energy efficient, homeowners will also save money in the long run and contribute to the UK's sustainability targets." READ MORE: Chelsy Davy 'shared sense of humour' with Kate when dating Harry Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea After conducting a landmark study on the role of energy efficiency in the housing market, the team at Cornerstone Tax found that making homes more energy efficient is becoming "a key focus for homeowners", with a staggering 36 percent of people admitting that they have made it a goal for 2023. The demand for such properties is evident in sales figures too, with 40 percent of estate agents saying they had seen greater interest from buyers in homes that are more energy efficient. But while the appeal of "greener" homes has benefitted those who have already invested in improving their property's EPC rating, many homeowners are finding the price of making their home energy efficient a major obstacle while contending with the already high cost of energy. The data from Cornerstone Tax showed that a staggering 45 percent of homeowners have admitted that it is "too expensive" for them to make the changes without government support. DON'T MISS:I got rid of window seal mould in minutes - here’s how [TIPS]Five ‘essential’ factors to consider when picking paint colours [ANALYSIS]I removed window condensation to prevent damp and mould - here’s how [INSIGHT] According to the English Housing Survey, the total cost of upgrading a D-rated home is estimated to be nearly £6,500. While this means that more people will lose out on maximising the potential value of their property, the challenge of upgrading energy efficiency in the home also makes the government's EPC rating pledge harder to achieve. This states that by 2035 every residential property should have an EPC rating of C or above as part of its long-term plan to tackle climate change. David commented: "By making green renovations to your home, such as loft insulation, solid wall insulation, ground source heat pumps and double glazing homeowners will make an estimated £890 savings every year, however, the cost which they encounter when installing these features is a substantial obstacle for homeowners with costs in the thousands." READ MORE: ‘Simple’ steps to keep your home warmer for ‘longer’ It's not just homeowners that have been affected by the changing market, with many landlords now choosing newer properties to rent out. Jonathon Rolande, property expert at House Buy Fast told Express.co.uk: "For years the EPC was just ignored by buyers but that all changed with the energy crisis. Now a home with a higher efficiency rating is much more desirable. "Where there’s desirability, there’s demand, and higher demand pushes up the price. If the property is suitable for buy-to-let, potential landlords are looking even more closely at the rating." Jonathon added that another reason for the changing interest in newer homes may be down to mortgages, adding that "a very inefficient property may be impossible to get a mortgage." According to the RICS survey, all regions across England are now seeing house prices soften though the sharpest decline has been recorded in East Anglia and the South East. While David noted that "the easy option" for upgrading your home to become more energy efficient would be to buy a new-build property, as government figures show that 84 percent of newly completed properties are given an A or B rating. However, is important to note that 30 percent of homes in England and Wales are still rated E, F or G, so it's not a guaranteed win. He added: "By making green renovations to your home, such as loft insulation, solid wall insulation, ground source heat pumps and double glazing homeowners will make an estimated £890 savings every year, however, the cost which they encounter when installing these features is a substantial obstacle for homeowners with costs in the thousands."