But Anthony Horowitz has another feather in his cap – he came up with the name of the TV hit Midsomer Murders. The author, who is also a prodigious screenwriter, helped create the show. He explained: “In fact, the show wouldn’t have even been called Midsomer Murders if not for me. "It was called ‘Barnaby’ when the outline first came to me. It was in a time of shows such as Morse, Taggart and Frost – all named after their detective. “The first thing I said to the producers was that the detective, in this case, was less relevant than the location where the crimes were committed, which was Midsomer. "So I said, ‘Call it Midsomer Murders’.” With star John Nettles at the helm, as Inspector Barnaby, the rest is history. Horowitz, 67, known for his Alex Rider series of young adult novels as well as penning official sequel novels to the Sherlock Holmes and James Bond series, is currently hard at work on his latest adaptation. The BBC acquired two of his novels – Magpie Murders, which has already been aired on Britbox, and its sequel, Moonflower Murders. The shows see Lesley Manville reprising her role as Susan Ryeland, a publishing editor-come-detective. Anthony said: “I’m working on Moonflower right now, so it’s very appropriate. It’s the TV script – I’m on page 20 of episode two. “There’s been a murder of course! I’m writing Lesley Manville’s part, which is one of the great joys of the second season because I have the voices of my wonderful cast in my head.” The series is “coming home”, said Horowitz. “It has some classic qualities about it. It is a very British show in its perspective, and because it has so many references to other similar BBC shows, even though it is completely original in its make-up, I thought it would appeal. It’s also not a classic detective series, it’s anything but. “I’d also liked to have seen a larger audience in this country than it received on Britbox.” He adds: “I’ve always, despite everything, been a great champion of the BBC. “I believe that it does a fantastic job in presenting the country and presenting our own culture.” Horowitz, inset right, has a staggering output – but is also a perfectionist. “I had to rewrite Magpie Murders four or five times before I finally got it right. It was a complicated piece of writing because the book is around 600 pages long. “It has far more characters than you could possibly put into six hours of television. “I’m surrounded here by pattern diagrams and drawings and question marks and books and papers, trying to assemble this very complicated jigsaw puzzle.” Describing his love of creating new work he said: “I was born a writer. I knew I would be a writer when I was 10 years old. I was writing plays when I was 11. I was writing novels by the time I was 13, 14, 15. I was published for the first time when I was 21. “I wasn’t any good at anything apart from that. All I’ve ever been able to do is to tell stories and to write and I’m very fortunate that my career has managed to last so long – that my work is still enjoyed.” Horowitz has a belief about why we enjoy crime dramas so much. He said: “The world is increasingly confusing. There are so many different versions of the truth – on social media, conspiracy theories. “At the end of a detective story, everything’s explained. “All those confusions are absent in a detective story, which deals in absolute certainty.” And he said he is most proud of his achievements with the popular children’s book series, Alex Rider. “I’m very happy about the way that Alex Rider has been around for so long now. “I know 20 and 30-year-olds who read him when they were young. “It’s one thing I’m very proud of, I think in all my writing – it’s the number of young people who have discovered books and the joys of reading through Alex Rider.” He continued: “I have a dog and get out for two or three hours a day in the fresh air and sunshine, even in the rain. "But there’s always books to read, theatre to see, my family, my children, my life. I am a very fortunate person to do what I love doing.”