Tottenham will reportedly have to pay Bayer Leverkusen nearly £66million if they want to get their hands on centre-back Piero Hincapie. Spurs boss Antonio Conte is on the hunt for new signings before Tuesday’s 11pm deadline as he looks to help his team break back into the top four of the Premier League. Tottenham have signed a whole host of players since Conte took the helm in north London in November 2021. And the Lilywhites enjoyed their best ever start to a Premier League campaign this time around as they racked-up 23 points from their opening 10 games. But they have struggled for form in recent weeks and have fallen three points behind fourth-place Manchester United in the top-flight table despite playing one more game than the Red Devils. Conte is well aware that a big push will be needed throughout the second half of the campaign if his side are to have a successful season. And, according to 90Mins, Spurs have reached out to Leverkusen to enquire about Hincapie. Tottenham have asked the Bundesliga side what it would take to bring the 21-year-old to England. But Leverkusen have no desire to sell and have slapped the hefty price tag on the player’s head. Hincapie is regarded as one of the best young defenders in Europe after playing 53 times for his current employers and is said to be open to a move. The north London giants are even willing to sign the player on an initial loan deal - but his valuation could prove to be out of their reach. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    Hincapie moved to Germany from Argentinian side Club Atletico Talleres in August 2021 after coming through the academy of Ecuadorian club Independiente. He soon became a first-team regular at BayArena and made 33 appearances for Leverkusen last season as he helped his team reach the last 16 of the Europa League. This season, the defender has played 20 matches for his club, with five of those appearances coming in the Champions League as Leverkusen finished third in Group B. DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart    Tottenham, meanwhile, have won just two of their five Premier League matches since club football returned following the conclusion of the World Cup. Last Monday, Conte led his team to a 1-0 victory over Fulham to keep the pressure on the Red Devils. The Lilywhites then defeated Preston 3-0 in the FA Cup fourth round on Saturday evening and will return to Premier League action next Sunday when they host Manchester City. 