TV presenter Julia Bradbury, 52, has taken to Instagram to share a reel with her 228,000 followers, revealing that she has had to change her lifestyle since her life-changing cancer diagnosis. The Countryfile presenter was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2021 and underwent a mastectomy to have a 6cm tumour removed just a month after sharing the devastating news with the public. In the emotional update, Julia shared that she has made some significant lifestyle changes, which include giving up alcohol and making sure sleep is a priority. She also shared images of how her cancer battle has drastically changed her life throughout the past year. In the video, the Britain’s Best Walks star also posted images of her breast screening appointment and receiving treatment from her hospital bed. READ MORE: Cliff Richard's agony as friend who lived with him for 30 years dies In some parts of the reel, a very emotional Julia can be seen breaking down as she is given her first diagnosis, and this is followed by powerful images of the presenter recovering from her mastectomy. Julia also included her three children, Zephyr 11, and twins Xanthe and Zena, seven, in the emotive reel. The presenter also shared an image of her latest ITV documentary Breast Cancer and Me, which looks at how the whole family coped as she battled the disease. Captioning the reel she wrote: “Breast screening. Something strange, but nothing to worry about. Until one year later: A breast cancer diagnosis.” “Tell my friends, family, and young children. Mastectomy to left breast: breast and 6cm tumour removed.” She continued: “Decide to make a documentary to spread awareness. Begin to share as much information about breast cancer diagnosis/prevention/new treatments as possible. “Vow to get close to nature every single day of my life and meditate every day. Kick the booze, change the diet.”  DONT MISS: James Jordan left speechless as Ola parades around in red lingerie Richard Madeley fumes 'Harry doesn't accept responsibility' in clash The Chase's Anne Hegerty in hysterics over Prince Harry's book display “Work with beautiful people on worthwhile projects. Stay connected to nature. Reconnect with my family and friends, reconnect with my old self. Keep learning. “Prioritise sleep, exercise, and nutrition. Begin writing a book, keep smiling.” Julia also documented what she has done to raise awareness about breast cancer and breast cancer care. She wrote: “My diagnosis has made me realise that I couldn't keep getting away with doing the bare minimum.  "If some of the information I share helps just one person then it's worthwhile... “Breast cancer is the most widely diagnosed cancer in the world and 1 in 2 of us will face a cancer diagnosis of some sort in our lifetimes. I don't feel shame. I feel empowered by what I'm learning. The small things are the big things. If you don't make time for your health, you'll be forced to make time for your illness.” (sic)