The new year is the perfect time for a health reset, and what better way to boost your wellness than with essential vitamins to help your body thrive? Whether you’re looking to improve the quality of your hair, or tackle tiredness and fatigue, there is a health supplement for everyone - and now the Express is giving you the chance to feel your best for free. Nutrigums is offering 20,000 readers a free one-month supply of selected delicious vegan gummies from their extensive essentials range. These guilt-free gummies have been created by a team with years of nutritional expertise, and are packed full of top-quality vitamins and minerals. What’s more, the tasty treats contain no artificial colours or flavours, and they are also free from animal gelatin. As the temperatures continue to plummet, people face a higher risk of developing respiratory illnesses, such as the cold and flu. Expert nutritionist Shona Wilkinson has explained how Nutrigums can help us fight viruses and strengthen the immune system into 2023 and beyond. She said: “We will never say that taking supplements will stop you getting the flu or a cold, but what they will do is make it a little more comfortable, so your symptoms won’t be as bad and you’ll get over it a bit quicker.” There is a selection of vitamin gummies available to boost your health and happiness this year, including their best-selling Apple Cider Complex which provides support for the body’s metabolism and helps to relieve fatigue. If you long for luscious locks, why not try the Hair Vitamin Complex which contains 12 essential vitamins and minerals to nourish your hair, skin and nails.   "Our hair follicles have one of the fastest areas for cell division so we really need a lot of nutrients to really give the energy for this cell replication to have healthy hair. "There are lots of nutrients that are really important for hair health, so you may want to consider taking a supplement that contains a lot of nutrients. The Nutrigums hair gummies have all the nutrients you need in one go," added Shona. Readers can also bag the Vitamin C gummy to help strengthen the body’s natural defences, while also reducing tiredness. There is no better time than the start of the new year to adopt some healthy habits, so what are you waiting for? There is one free 30-day pack of delicious Nutrigums gummies available per household, with free delivery too! To claim your pack simply fill out the entry form below and your unique promotional code will be emailed to you.   We have 20,000 to give away and once they're gone they're gone! This offer is live until Thursday, January 26, 2022 OR until the 20,000 codes have gone. Good luck! 