A paramedic has apologised to the families of three patients she is known to have died whilst waiting for an ambulance in recent months. Paramedic Angharad Williams was speaking as crisis continues to grip the NHS. As the situation worsens throughout the winter, it looks set to be a repeated scene. Talking to the Mirror, Ms Williams said: "There have been several occassions where I've been out there and seen families whose loved ones have died waiting for an ambulance. "It's happened to me maybe three times in the last six months, so it's really dificult to then have to apologise to people's families because someone has died unnecessarily waiting due to delays." Ms Williams, of Bootle, Merseyside, wasn't the only ambulance worker to comment on the sitution.  In London, 29-year-old emergency medical technician Scott Tyler told how his aunt had died waiting for an ambulance: "If they had to her on target she would have got to hospital quicker. But she dided before they arrived. "It's not the service's fault. It is due to the pressures holding us up at hospitals and not relieving crews so they can get to other calls." He added: "People are duying before we even get there." READ MORE: Rishi Sunak promises 'not to let Britons down' in latest speech  While the latest ambulance strike ended at midnight, it does not look set to the be last the UK will see this year. The NHS is reportedly braced for further strikes by health staff after an announcement by 14 health unions that they would no longer work with the NHS Pay Review Body. Furthermore, one of the unions, the Chartered Institute of Physiotherapy announced it would take its first strike action later this month. The union announced stirkes would happen on January 26 and February 9 respectively. In a statement, Claire Sullivan of the CSP said: "Not one physiotherapist or support worker wants to strike, especially at such a precarious time, but they have been left with no choice and their reasons for doing so are intrinsically linked to the current NHS crisis. “Every day, patients struggle to get the care they need because of the chronic workforce shortages caused by a decade of under-investment." She added: "If the Government doesn’t address pay then we risk losing even more valuable health workers, making the consequences of those workforce shortages even worse for patients. NHS staff not only deserve better pay but also desperately need it during this cost-of-living crisis. “However, this dispute is also to protect patient services both now and into the future, and it’s essential that the government comes up with an improved offer to avert further strikes and demonstrate they understand the scale of the problem.” Alongside members of the health service, those working in the civil service also intend to go on strike in protest over pay. Yesterday, 100,000 civil servants said they intended to strike February 1, the strike will likely affect all government departments. The Public and Commercial Services union said they were striking over jobs, pay, and conditions.     In a statement, PCS general secretary Mark Serwotka said: "During the last month, when thousands of PCS members across a range of departments took sustained industrial action, the government said it had no money. “But it managed to find millions of pounds to spend on managers and military personnel in a failed attempt to cover the vital work our members do. We warned the government our dispute would escalate if they did not listen – and we’re as good as our word. "We will not stand by as hardline Tory MPs like Richard Drax tell our hard-working members they should be grateful to have jobs. "I am meeting with the minister for the Cabinet Office, Jeremy Quin, on Thursday – if he puts some money on the table there is a chance this dispute can be resolved. "If he doesn’t, then he’ll see public services from benefits to driving tests, from passports to driving licences, from ports to airports affected by industrial action on 1 February." 