Riley Keough stars as one of the lead singers of a fictional 70s band in the upcoming Amazon Prime series. The series is based on the best-selling novel by Taylor Jenkins Reid detailing the rise and fall of the renowned rock group at the height of their fame. In a first-look trailer, Riley and Sam Claflin pay homage to Fleetwood Mac, with Daisy (Keough) walking up to the stage while thousands chant her name. In the next shot, they rush off to a private jet emblazoned with their band name, jetting off for a flurry of success. The clips show Daisy Jones and The Six looking ecstatic while performing in extravagant costumes in various arenas. However, the illusion is soon shattered with the announcement: "Their break up made them legends." READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes brands Andrew’s silence over Eugenie baby news 'cruel' During one scene, Daisy tells the camera: "Look I know I told you I would tell you everything. But how much of everything do you really want to know? "You write songs about who you wish you were not who you are, what about if you wrote songs about the guy who wants things he shouldn’t?" Changing the tone, a montage of sound checks, backstage atmosphere and Billy hugging what could be one of his many girlfriends in a swag pad in LA plays out. Billy expressed: "Who’d want to hear a song about that?" as Daisy replies: "I think everybody would." Other cast members include Camila Morrone, Will Harrison, Suki Waterhouse, Josh Whitehouse, Sebastian Chacon, Nabiyah Be and Tom Wright. Timothy Olyphant also makes a special guest appearance as Rod Reyes. Alongside the trailer, Amazon has released the single, Regret Me, which was one of the 24 original songs written for the series and recorded by the cast. Both Riley and Sam offer up their unique vocals for the track, with the former channelling her legendary grandfather, Elvis. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' heartbreaking Paddy storyline [WATCH]Tony Blackburn hits back at BBC complaints 'Switch it off' [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise promotion ‘sealed’ for Marlon after Tahj Miles hint [LATEST] An 11-song album titled Aurora will be released alongside the show's premiere and was produced by Grammy-nominated songwriter Blake Mills. In a statement about the album, Jenkins Reid told NME: “We finally have ‘Aurora’. A stunning, nostalgic, timeless album that captures the drama, pathos, and yearning of the band’s zenith and nadir all in one.  The trailer for the show comes just a few weeks after Riley’s mother Lise Marie Presley died suddenly on January 12 aged 54. Riley paid tribute to her mother in a tender Instagram post, describing her as her "beautiful mama". During her memorial in Graceland, her eulogy read: "I hope I can love my daughter that way you loved me. The way you love my brother and my sisters. "Thank you for giving me strength, my heart, my empathy, my courage, my sense of humour. My manners, my temper, my wildness, my tenacity. I’m a product of your heart. "My sisters are a product of your heart. My brother is a product of your heart. We are you. You are us, my eternal love. I hope you finally know how loved you were here. "Thank you for trying so hard for us. If I didn’t tell you every day, thank you." 