Death In Paradise's Ralf Little has spent most of the past three years filming in sunny Guadeloupe, and boasted that the Caribbean idyll is as much his home as anywhere else now. However, the Mancunian actor has just purchased a flat in London, and is also keen on the United States, where his girlfriend Lindsey Ferrentino lives. So, there's little chance of the self-confessed "ambitious" grifter settling in one place anytime soon. "I have had a very fortunate run but I have got ambitions. I want to do more, big things and different things," the actor revealed in a new interview. Having come a long way since his initial launch to fame as a teenager playing Antony in the Royle Family, the sky could now be the limit for Ralf - and perhaps literally. "I'm an adventurer. I'm a heli-skier, a skydiver, a helicopter pilot — I love all that," he enthused to The Times, before adding that he would relish the chance to play someone "really nasty". Ralf is resigned to the fact that currently the bulk of his work opportunities are coming from London, and so he has purchased a flat in Kings Cross. READ NOW: Strictly tension as Hamza 'unfollows Giovanni amid dates with Jowita' However, that doesn't mean he's given up on getting work stateside, admitting that he's been working on perfecting his American accent. Ralf's girlfriend - screenwriter Lindsey Ferrentino - is from Cape Canaveral in Florida and, much to space enthusiast Ralf's delight, has witnessed space shuttle launches, Declaring himself a "NASA geek", he elaborated: "She would go to school and then in the middle of the maths lesson, the building would start shaking and they'd go: 'Oh, a shuttle's launching'... it was totally normal [for her]." He added during a TV interview with Lorraine Kelly: "Since I've been with her out there, I've seen about 11 or 12 launches." Ralf also admitted in the same interview that he'd be up for living on Mars "in a heartbeat" if the opportunity ever arose. Despite the fact that the planet is currently uninhabitable as there is barely any oxygen on it, he has heard Elon Musk talking hypothetically about launching a trip there and the idea inspired him. Though he'd like to drink in "space pubs", girlfriend Lindsey is less keen - and he's admitted the pair have had disagreements over his eagerness to travel there. He defended his ambitions on the Two Pints podcast he shared with Strictly Come Dancing semi-finalist Will Mellor, reasoning: "Once we get to go to two planets the chances of us as a species becoming extinct drop to almost zero. That’s pretty amazing.” Ralf, who dropped out of medical school and abandoned his ambitions to become a doctor once his acting career took off, might not be headed for a home on Mars. However, he does have diverse locations in mind for the future, admitting that he's been "dusting off" his American twang in case he's offered a role close to girlfriend Lindsey. The pair had adopted rescue dogs together, housing them with her parents, so although Ralf has no human children, he does have the prospect of a cute canine family waiting for him in the USA. Fellow Brits including Damian Lewis, Dominic West and Matthew Rhys have all made it big stateside, and he's keen to follow in their footsteps. He admitted last year that he was ambivalent about the weather each time he returned to freezing cold British winters, saying that being greeted by "thick cloud" and inhospitable temperatures "sucks". Ralf reiterated that he was unsure whether he'd be returning to Death in Paradise for series 13, vowing that he's not being "cagey", but that "those conversations haven't actually happened yet". He also told The Times: "I have no indication whether they want me or not, so let's see!"