Boris Becker insists he has come out of prison ‘stronger’ in a message to fans on social media following his incarceration. The tennis icon has returned to Germany following his release from HMP Huntercombe and has sent an update as he moves on from his ordeal. In April last year, Becker was found guilty of trying to hide over £2.5million in assets to avoid paying debts. The three-times Wimbledon champion was initially imprisoned in Wandsworth Prison but later moved to HMP Huntercombe. Huntercombe is used to house criminals ready for deportation. Becker was released in December after serving 231 days of his two and-a-half-year sentence. Now, recording a video on the coast of the west African island São Tomé and Príncipe - the birthplace of his girlfriend Lilian de Carvalho Monteiro - Becker has given an update to fans on his wellbeing. The 55-year-old has said it has been the toughest year of his life but that he comes away from the experience ‘stronger’. JUST IN: Roger Federer gives verdict as Iga Swiatek replicates incredible shot “I call this the most difficult year of my life,” Becker said in an Instagram video. “But it's done, it's dusted. I came out alive - I think I came out stronger. I think my mental health is better than ever.” Under the terms of his release, Becker cannot return to the UK for several years and has mentioned destinations such as Miami and Dubai as places to relocate. Before jetting off to the luxury location of São Tomé and Príncipe, the six-times Grand Slam winner gave a tell-all interview to German broadcaster Sat 1. He revealed that ‘you are a nobody’ in prison and that you are only known by a number. He claims he ‘rediscovered’ the human being inside him. “In prison you are a nobody. You are only a number. Mine was A2923EV. I wasn’t called Boris, I was a number. And nobody gives a s*** who you are. DON'T MISS...Craziest Australian Open moments - Centre Court flood to McEnroe rantNovak Djokovic's finest Aussie Open moments as he prepares to returnNovak Djokovic suffers fresh Covid blow after arriving at Aussie Open “I believe I rediscovered the human in me, the person I once was. I’ve learnt a hard lesson. A very expensive one. A very painful one. But the whole thing has taught me something very important and worthwhile. And some things happen for a good reason.” Becker also opened up on the day he was released, claiming he was up from 6am ready to depart. “From six o’clock that morning I sat on the edge of my bed, and hoped that the cell door would open,” he added. “They came to get me at 7.30am, unlocked the door and asked: ‘Are you ready?’ I said: ‘Let’s go!’ I had already packed everything beforehand.”