Ben Masters, the actor best known for his role as Julian Crane on the old NBC soap Passions, died today at the Eisenhower Medical Center in Palm Springs at the age of 75. The American soap actor had battled dementia for many years but had succumbed to Covid, Deadline reports. Tributes for the beloved star have come flooding in since the news of his death, with his Passions co-star Eric Martsolf sharing a photo of the late actor from set. The on-screen star penned: "I snapped this on the last tape day at Passions. "He was all smiles, and I’ll remember him as such. Thank you for your kindness, and rest in peace, Ben." Social media users flocked to comment on the post as people offered their condolences. READ MORE: Vogue model Tatjana Patitz from George Michael's Freedom dies Twitter user Ron penned: "Sorry for the loss. I was a Passions fan and of course I knew about Julian Crane. He was great." Lana tweeted: "I’m sorry for your loss Eric. Julian Crane was always a joy to watch for me. Ben was a great actor and I always held out hope that Days could find a role for him. May he rest in peace." Diana Jeanne wrote: "Noooo. RIP Ben Masters." "Another really good one gone. Prayers for his family, friends and fans," Ann commented. Ben's biggest role was also his last — portraying the rich and powerful Julian from 1999 to 2008 on the NBC show. Born on May 6, 1947, Ben graduated from the University of Oregon with a B.A. degree in theatre in 1969. He moved to New York City, where he starred in on and off-Broadway productions such as Captain Brassbound’s Conversion with Ingrid Bergman, The Cherry Orchard with Meryl Streep, and Boys in the Band. The actor segued into film, starring in Bob Fosse’s All That Jazz with Roy Schneider, Key Exchange with Brooke Adams and Danny Aiello, Making Mr. Right with John Malkovich, and Dream Lover with Kristy McNichol. DON'T MISS... Jeff Beck dies after meningitis battle 'Tremendous loss'[LATEST]Ulrika Jonsson feels for 'lonely' Harry branding royals dysfunctional[ROYALS]Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss[ADMISSION] Throughout the 70s until the 90s, Ben starred in miniseries like Noble House with Pierce Brosnan and Celebrity with Ned Beatty and Tess Harper. He guest starred in numerous television series, including Kojak, Petrocelli, Touched by an Angel, Kung Fu: The Legend Continues, Barnaby Jones. Other notable roles included Murder She Wrote, Heartbeat, Walker: Texas Ranger, Diagnosis Murder, Sisters, and Pensacola Wings of Gold. Ben is survived by his sister Cheryl Lerner and nieces Hannah and Clea Lerner of Los Angeles. At his request, there will be no memorial service or funeral.