Too Hot to Handle is the dating show with a difference as the singletons are forbidden from any sexual activity and forced to former deeper meaningful connections. As ever, the Netflix show proved to be a memorable one with the stars desperately trying to resist their urges. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about the Too Hot to Handle series cast now. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Too Hot to Handle. Couple Nick and Jawa were voted by their fellow contestants as the winners of Too Hot to Handle season four, following their journey on the show. Following the show, the pair spent seven months between living in London and Bali, spending their time bar-hopping, meditating and climbing Mount Batur in Indonesia. Sadly, they didn't get their happily ever after as the couple have since got their separate ways. Nick said: "Our relationship taught me patience and communication from a new perspective and allowed me to face my commitment [issues] head on.” READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly shut down by rail boss over strike 'celebrity' probe' Season four's runner-ups were Seb and Kayla who now describe their relationship as "complicated" but are still dedicated to their long-distance romance. While Seb lives in Scotland, his girlfriend still resides in Los Angeles so it hasn't been easy, nevertheless, they are continuing to work for the relationship. Seb explained: “Kayla and I speak every day. We’re sharing our thoughts and feelings and we are both determined to continue this wonderful relationship on different continents. “After spending so much time with Kayla, and Lana, I feel able to communicate how I’m feeling and have someone who really cares and wants to listen “Both Lana and Kayla have taught me that there’s no need to be afraid of being vulnerable and getting your heart broken.” Australian bombshell Imogen was caught in Creed's romantic web but she's living a very different life now away from the show. The reality star is pregnant, expecting a little girl reportedly with entrepreneur Tremaine Fernandez in April 2023. Talking about her soon-to-be mum life, Imogen told Tudum: “I’ve always dreamt of becoming a mom so although I’m feeling nervous, I’m really excited." “I can’t say that my stay with Lana and the other contestants prepared me for motherhood — however all of my cast mates have been so supportive since they found out.” DON'T MISS...BBC News to 'axe 14 presenters' in new year schedule shake-up [CAST]Too Hot To Handle’s Sophie Stonehouse says mother was ‘horrified’  [EXPLAINER]Too Hot To Handle’s Ethan speaks on his ‘tough’ brutal rejection [CAST] The rest of the Too Hot to Handle cast have been spending their time travelling around the world together as well as visiting their hometowns. Creed spent a month in Scotland with Seb and his family, with Nick, James and Ethan also visiting. Elsewhere, Dom, Brittan, Kayla and Imogen enjoyed a girls' trip to Hawaii. Imogen said: “I think my favourite part had to be trips to waterfalls and talking about our show experience and how it’s affected us to this day." Sophie also had a trip to Bali which she counts as one of her favourite memories. She said: “It felt like a really great place to ground ourselves and reconnect." So it sounds like the experience on the hit Netflix show really bonded the cast beyond the small screen. Too Hot to Handle is available to watch on Netflix.