Mick Schumacher could have followed in his father Michael’s footsteps and become a “new hero” for German F1 fans, according to F1 team boss Franz Tost. The AlphaTauri team principal claims big names like Schumacher Sr “trigger a boom” in interest as he did did back in the noughties. He told Sport1: “One thing is certain: people need heroes, and they need them made of flesh and blood, not metal. Back then, you wanted to see Michael Schumacher win and not the engine or the Mercedes car. Only heroes trigger a boom. As Michael Schumacher showed.” Demand for F1 in Germany has waned in recent years despite a run of dominance from home team Mercedes. However, a German driver has not won an F1 Grand Prix since Sebastian Vettel topped the podium at the 2019 Singapore Grand Prix. The last world champion came back in 2016 as Nico Rosberg edged out Lewis Hamilton. The Vettel dominance era was now a decade ago while Schumacher’s glory days are now a distant memory. READ MORE: Mick Schumacher posts picture with dad Michael amid health battle Tost said he backed former F2 champion Mick to have become a new idol for F1 fans if he was on the grid. He also appeared to disagree with Haas’ decision to axe the 23-year-old before the end of the 2022 campaign. Team boss Guenther Steiner had demanded Schumacher to secure points during weeks of speculation over his future. Steiner claimed Haas' decision to walk away from the German star was to add experience to their line-up. Tost commented: “He could have become the new hero, but unfortunately he’s out of the premier class for now. What a shame. [I would] have liked to have seen him at AlphaTauri, not because of the name, but because I believe in his talent and abilities. Because you don’t just win the Formula Three and Formula Two championships. DON'T MISSMichael Schumacher and Lewis Hamilton had near identical routes to F1 [INSIGHT]Felipe Massa lifts lid on close Michael Schumacher relationship [COMMENT]Ex-F1 star admits Michael Schumacher ‘regret’  [ANALYSIS] “But unfortunately it didn’t work out in the end.” Schumacher has emulated dad Michael by signing a contract with Mercedes for 2023. The youngster will become the team's test driver as he attempts to work his way back into a full-time race seat. Last year, F1 boss Stefano Domenicali sounded the alarm after explaining there was a lack of any “real interest” from Germany to hold a race. The German Grand Prix was dropped in 2019 after host Hockenheim stressed it could no longer afford to lose money on the event.