Lady Glenconner weighed in with her thoughts on Prince Harry’s recent antics and Royal Family bombshells while speaking to Lorraine Kelly on her ITV talk show. The Fifth Earl of Leicester’s daughter claimed Harry was “extremely lucky” Princess Margaret is no longer alive to witness the fallout of his and his wife Meghan Markle’s Netflix documentary as well as his explosive memoir, Spare. Princess Margaret died in 2002 when the Duke of Sussex was just 17. In the decades since, Harry has not only left royal duties behind him for a new life in California, USA but has made damning allegations about his father King Charles III and Prince Harry in his memoir and Netflix docu-series. After discussing her own books on the royals, Lorraine asked Lady Glenconner what Harry’s auntie may have thought of his current antics and subsequent claims. “If his auntie Margaret - or great-aunt Margaret had been around, I would wonder what she would’ve said to Prince Harry,” Lorraine mused. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend confirms break from ITV soap Lady Glenconner in no uncertain terms replied: “I think he’s extremely lucky she wasn’t around.” The 90-year-old chuckled before continuing: “I think, well, I know, she would’ve been horrified.” Lorraine let out a laugh as they moved on to close the interview. And the moment garnered quite a reaction from ITV viewers who spotted Lady Glenconner’s dig at the Duke. Twitter user @KarenlovesGB praised: “Lady Glenconner having a wonderful dig at Harry the Spare. “Princess Margaret (another spare) was many things but LOYAL was top of the list. #lorraine.” While Iain McCallum echoed: “I just adore Anne, Lady Glenconner, who just appeared on @lorraine. “A lovely interview with @reallorraine - such style, charm and elegance. I read both her autobiographies and was captivated by both.” DON'T MISS:Death in Paradise's Ben Miller ‘ripped off' suit during filmingHappy Valley star teases 'more to come' and final season 'felt right'Naga Munchetty exposes Carol Kirkwood's wardrobe habit However, some viewers weren’t pleased that Harry’s name had been dragged into the conversation about the late royal. Danielle Johnson fumed on Twitter: “Why are they digging up an old lady in waiting 'Why could Harry have learned from Princess Margaret’. “I honestly don't think Harry has anything to learn from anyone. I think Harry has learned so much from his wife. Harry is loyal. #Lorraine.” While @FlopsyPickle fumed: “Oh joy, lady Glenconner is on Lorraine, no doubt to slag Harry and Meghan off, that’s all these royal aides and ‘insiders’ do #Lorraine #HarryAndMeghan.” This isn’t the first time Lady Glenconner has appeared on ITV to address Harry’s royal rift. Speaking on Loose Women back in 2019, she admitted she was “sad” to hear Harry and William were at loggerheads during Harry and Meghan’s ITV documentary, An African Journey. She said: “I used to see them of course when they were little boys. “They were charming and very loving together that's why I felt it was rather sad the interview the other day.” Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.