Coronation Street stalwart David Platt (played by Jack P Shepherd) is left horrified as Max Turner's (Paddy Bever) racist online videos are blamed for Blake's (Adam Little) attack at Speed Daal. However, when David learns Max's charge is being increased to Encouragement of Terrorism, he vows to take action. After receiving an email from Max's solicitor, a concerned David tells Gail Platt (Helen Worth) and Stephen Reid (Todd Boyce) they are escalating Max's charge to Encouragement of Terrorism. Max's solicitor calls at number eight and tells David she feels Max was groomed and was very much a victim. David is relieved to have her on board and assures her he will find the money for her fees as he wants the best defence available for Max. Will he be able to raise the funds for the youngster's cause? READ MORE: Coronation Street legend confirms break from ITV soap Later on, David confides in Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon) about Max refusing to take his phone calls. In the cafe, Alya Nazir (Sair Khan) assures David he's not to blame for Max's actions. Alone at home, David knocks back whisky in a bid to drown his sorrows as the pressure mounts. David later tells Maria that Max pleaded guilty and is now awaiting sentencing.  Earlier this week, Max was charged with incitement to attempted murder months after being groomed by racist extremist Griff Reynolds (Michael Condron). Griff enlisted the teenager to help him make harmful propaganda but Max struggled to let go of his newfound views when Griff was arrested. On Wednesday, Alya ended up being stabbed by Blake and rushed to the hospital in shocking scenes, but he blamed Max's extremist videos for the attack. Alya made it through surgery and looks set to make a full recovery, but Max might get convicted. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans fear tragic death will rock cobbles  [UPDATE]Will Mellor admits to 'beating myself up' after Strictly exit comments [INTERVIEW]Coronation Street legend confirms break from ITV soap [INSIGHT] Could Martin Platt (Sean Wilson) return to Weatherfield to support his son David through this difficult time with Max? The character, who is the former husband of Gail, last appeared in the aftermath of the tragic storyline which involved David being raped by Josh Tucker (Ryan Clayton). Martin actor Sean recently told Manchester Evening News he's open to a cobbles comeback. He added: "I made it clear that I could be turned but now it’s 2023 and nothing has happened.  "The writers decided to send me to New Zealand so maybe they’re trying to tell me something. Addressing the first time he left the soap, Sean said: "I morally felt that I had to stand very, very firm on the decision that I made and I think we all know what went on there so there came a parting of ways." Would writers incorporate Martin in the Max extremism storyline on the serial drama? Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays on ITV at 8pm. 