Manchester United may well be using Chelsea's handbook against them in their bid to sign Malo Gusto with the defender reportedly told 'not to rush'. Todd Boehly has continued his assault on the transfer market this month with £151million already spent in January on new signings. Lyon's rising star Gusto could be the next through the door with reports stating he has already agreed terms with Chelsea. The 19-year-old has established himself as a regular in Lyon's starting line-up since breaking into the first team last year. And his performances have attracted the attention of Chelsea, who are looking to bring in extra cover for Reece James this month. Trevoh Chalobah has played as a makeshift full-back in recent weeks for Graham Potter's side ahead of Cesar Azpilicueta. But RMC Sport claim United could be set to hijack the deal - just as Chelsea did in signing Mykhaylo Mudryk from under the noses of Arsenal. It's said that United have asked Gusto 'not to rush' into making a decision on his next move.  Arsenal had looked like the strong favourites to sign Mudryk from Shakhtar Donetsk after having two opening bids rejected and the winger indicating on several occasions that his preference would have been a move to the Emirates. But Chelsea swooped in to steal Mudryk in an £88million deal, forced Arsenal to look at alternative options. For United, Erik ten Hag is also looking at improving his options on the right side of defence. However, John Murtough has indicated that the club may be limited in what they can do in the remainder of the January transfer window.  "While we will be exploring options, I don’t expect it to be a busy January window," he said. "January is a difficult time to find players that teams are willing to let go. "It’s no secret that we’re looking for a new centre-forward. We’ll see what’s possible in January but we only want to bring in players who are good enough, and who will make the squad stronger. “We’re not going to sign players for the sake of making signings. You also need to remember that we invested over £200million in the squad last summer and, as a club, we need to remain financially disciplined and compliant with FFP rules. "As always, the main focus remains on the summer window, and we’re already well underway with our planning for next summer."