Sir Keir Starmer has admitted he "never" wanted to be Prime Minister while opening up on his political career. Speaking with the BBC's Laura Keunssberg this morning, the Labour leader defended party policy while under pressure from the political heavyweight presenter. He told the ex-political correspondent that, while he believes his party should run the country, he did not enter the Commons aspiring to become the next Prime Minister. He said: "I'm not doing it for me. When I was a child I didn't dream of being Prime Minister. "When I came into Parliament I didn't dream of being Prime Minister." He added to a shocked Ms Kuenssberg that he is serving as Labour leader for "duty" and an "obligation to serve our country and improve lives". Sir Keir added that he was tired of serving solely in opposition, complaining that his party is not "changing lives". READ MORE: Brexit doubts explode as EU waiting for UK to be 'governed by Labour' He said: "There's nothing worse than being in opposition. I've been in opposition all the time I've been in Parliament. "That means we vote, we lose, we don't change lives. We need to be a party capable of going into power. I've been utterly focused on that." Labour's fortunes have improved in recent years, and the party currently holds a double-digit lead in the polls. The latest aggregated polling from Politico, updated on January 12, shows the Conservatives are nearly half as popular as their rivals. Rishi Sunak's Government has barely improved the party's fortunes since Liz Truss' departure as it stagnates on 25 points to Labour's 47. Sir Keir is also the more popular leader of the two, with the approval from 36 percent of Britons to Mr Sunak's 29 percent in the most recent YouGov and Ipsos polls conducted last year. But many Britons believe he does not appear a promising Prime Minister despite his recent gains. The latest wave of a separate poll taken by YouGov of between 1,626 to 3,326 people on December 26 revealed that 46 percent believe he "does not look like a Prime Minister in waiting". Only 32 percent of people said he did look like a future Prime Minister, while the remaining 21 percent said they were not sure. We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express