A tiny chihuahua found abandoned in a supermarket car park has beaten the odds to become a Guinness World Record holder at the age of 23. Despite diminutive dog Spikes rocky start in life he went on to find a loving home with the Kimballs in Camden, Ohio, USA. Rita Kimball discovered her long-lived best friend “severely neglected” and alone on the tarmac in August 2009. Not seeing anyone caring for him Ms Kimball opened her car door to see if the poorly pooch would come with her. She said: “Spike jumped right in and sat on the seat, as if he knew where we were going. It was meant to be.” The courageous canine has lived on the Kimball’s farm ever since and despite being almost blind and hard of hearing he wakes up at 7am most days and enjoys visiting the animals including cows and cats. He has also proved to be a fighter, having survived multiple attacks from other animals despite being given a low chance of survival each time. Ms Kimball - who first thought that her dog could be a Guinness World Record holder (GWR) after watching a Jimmy Fallon episode which featured a picture of a former oldest living dog GWR winner who was younger than Spike - said that seeing her pooch get the accolade is a testament to his positive nature. She said: “Most of our family knew that Spike was old, but (they) didn't know he had a shot at being oldest in the world. "Now that he is a (Guinness World Records title) holder, they look at him like a celebrity. They can't believe he lived this long. "I believe he is still here because, after having such a terrible life at first, he makes the best of every day and now sees his rewards in his later years."  READ MORE: Germany refuses to send tanks to aid Ukraine in war against Russia   Spike achieved the title on December 7, 2022. The previous record holder for the oldest dog living was Gino Wolf, who achieved the record at 22 years and 52 days, which was verified on November 15, 2022. A spokeswoman for Guinness World Records said they used medical records and other data to estimate Spike's age. She said: "Spike's age is based on a range of evidence, including documents from several veterinarians, who all estimated the same approximate date of birth between July and November of 1999 for Spike. This was based on his medical condition, including his teeth and eyes. "He was estimated to be 10 years old when he was found by Rita and her family." DON'T MISS: Bomb squad and police called to suspicious package at hospital