Troy Deeney thinks Antonio Conte could quit Tottenham if they lose to Arsenal in the north London derby on Sunday. The Italian has overseen a difficult season so far, with Spurs struggling to show their best form. And defeat on home turf would be a hammer blow when it comes to their chances of qualifying for next season’s Champions League. Tottenham had been hoping Conte would be the key to Premier League title glory when they hired him as their manager in November last year. But the Italian has struggled to work his usual magic in the capital, with Spurs as inconsistent as ever. Tottenham have struggled of late, failing to win two of their four matches since the recent World Cup in Qatar. Next up is a huge test against fierce rivals Arsenal, who currently sit top of the Premier League table having won 14 of their 17 league games. And Deeney, speaking to The Sun, thinks Conte could end up quitting his job at Tottenham if his side fall to defeat. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “There is a feeling as a player that if you don’t win, the fans could turn on you for the next six months,” said the Birmingham striker. “And, as a manager, if you get turned over 4-0 or 5-0 there will be calls for you to be gone by the end of that day. “That’s the reason why I feel there is so much pressure on Tottenham. They have fallen so far behind Arsenal. “They have flattered to deceive and not only do they need a performance, this is a must-win. “There is so much frustration and disappointment that if they lose badly, where next? I don’t see them recovering for the rest of the season. “The way Antonio Conte has been complaining recently, he may even walk himself after a defeat to rivals and title-chasers Arsenal. “Somebody like Conte is emotional in his behaviour. He already has reasons as to why he is annoyed, with the quality of the squad and the need for investment. “A defeat this weekend puts him on the edge of doing something that Tottenham do not want to see happen.” Deeney has also backed two Conte warriors, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg and Cristian Romero, to show the dark side of their game during the contest. “I am positive the likes of Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg and Cristian Romero will be trying their best to cause little frictions throughout to wind up certain Arsenal players,” he added. “Spurs aren’t even on the same pitch as Arsenal form-wise, so they need to do something to level the scores. “Eddie Nketiah will have to be wary of that. This is arguably the biggest game of his career. “If he misses a chance and Romero gets all over him, I hope he keeps his head.” And Conte feels Harry Kane will be out to prove a point as well, with the England skipper just one goal away from matching Jimmy Greaves’ record. “It would be so fitting to match and even break that record against Arsenal, does he take every chance to shoot instead of laying it off?” he said. “This is going to be a proper match and I am hoping there are no red cards. That ruins it. “When they’re up against each other, 11 v 11, it is a very interesting dynamic and makes for a good game. Styles make fights in boxing and this is the same here. “If Spurs lose a man, it will be a nightmare to break them down. If Arsenal get a red, Spurs could dominate. “But I just want to see two teams going at it. No holds barred.”