Sharon Osbourne paid a heartfelt tribute to her late friend Lisa Marie Presley during the latest episode of The Talk. Lisa, who is the only child of the late Elvis Presley, was 54 years old when she died. Sharon reflected on the star's "tragic life" and shared how hard it must have been to "make it in the shadow" of her legendary rock 'n' roll father. Paying tribute to Lisa Marie on TalkTV on Friday, Sharon told how the star never escaped being Elvis' daughter. The 70-year-old confessed: “It's terribly hard to make it in the shadow of a legend, she tried to make it in the music industry. “She’s had four failed marriages, I just think that she was a tortured little soul, she was like this little bird, you know. "She was very sweet, a very nice lady and I think her only joy was her children and then when she lost her son..." READ MORE: BBC News' Joanna Gosling speaks out after quitting ahead of merger Lisa Marie's son Benjamin Keough, took his own life in August 2020 when he was 27 years old. In an essay Lisa Marie penned for People Magazine for National Grief Awareness Day last year, she wrote: “Grief is something you will have to carry with you for the rest of your life, in spite of what certain people or our culture wants us to believe." Sharon continued: "She’s had a very tragic life, really tragic." She also reflected on Lisa Marie's link to Scientology - a religion she cut ties with in 2014 having joined shortly after her father's death when she was nine years old.  Sharon shared: "Scientology, that didn’t do much for her except take her money and she eventually left that, but you could tell by that she’s searching, searching for some serenity." Looking back on Lisa Marie's marriage to the late Michael Jackson, she added: "He was the King of Pop and I get that between them." Sharon concluded: "But it’s so sad. It's tragic." According to a family representative, Lisa Marie will be buried near Elvis and her late son at the family's Graceland estate in Tennessee DON'T MISS...Elvis star Austin Butler 'heartbroken' over Lisa Marie Presley's death [UPDATE]Lisa Marie Presley's final act at Graceland four days before she died [INSIGHT]Lisa Marie Presley brother – Elvis' daughter leaves behind her sibling [LATEST]  Elvis was 42 years old when he died in Graceland of heart failure in August 1977. Sharon also paid tribute to guitar legend Jeff Beck who died on January 10 after contracting bacterial meningitis. "What can you say?" Sharon said. "This man played with such soul and passion.   "The feeling is instantly recognisable when you hear him play - and just a lovely bloke." Sharon added: "He was a big influence on Johnny Depp, he idolised him. He was there. "He just finished a world tour and that makes me feel good for the fans out there and for him to achieve that at 78. He lived the life he wanted.” The Talk is available to watch on TalkTV on weekdays at 9pm. 