WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Apprentice. A New Year means the return of The Apprentice on BBC One and overly confident contestants fighting it out to be crowned as Lord Alan Sugar's next business partner. Episode two of season 17 saw them tasked with making and selling bao buns but, as always, it didn't exactly go according to plan. What came as even more of a shock though was when contestant Shannon Martin announced she would be leaving the show. Among this year's contestants on The Apprentice was Shannon Martin from West Yorkshire. She owns a million-pound bridal boutique and went into the competition with the idea of being the first person to bring Lord Sugar into the bridal industry. Shannon explained how she had been watching The Apprentice since she was 19, with aspirations to appear on the series one day since Tim Campbell won the first season. But before it was revealed the girls had won the week two task, Shannon stated she would be leaving the show. READ MORE: Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire She explained to the BBC she was starting to have "doubts" about appearing on The Apprentice when the process began. "During the bao bun task, I was there in the kitchen thinking ‘Why am I here? What am I doing here making bao buns in a kitchen when I can’t cook as it is?’" she said. "I just really felt like I couldn’t focus on the tasks because I was constantly thinking about what was going on at home. What’s happening with the business? Is everything okay? "I knew in the back of my mind that of course everything would be okay, the team are amazing. "But I’m a perfectionist, I need to know what’s going on all the time and not being able to know how things were going on at home or what was happening at work was really hard for me. The unknown is definitely not something I’m good at." It was while taking part in the task that Shannon came to the realisation that she didn't want her life to change. She continued: "I’ve already got a very successful business. "I just felt that there were more deserving people there than me and it was not right for me to stay in the process." But the experience on the reality show did give Shannon the confidence to branch out even further with her own business. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb Miligan's true identity in Kyle twist [REACTION]Karren Brady gives health update for absent Apprentice co-star [HEALTH]Karen Brady’s quiet life in extremely wealthy and London district [CAST] After leaving the process, she set up a new collection of dresses called Nori Ivy, with more designs coming out next month. Shannon is proud to be designing and manufacturing bridal gowns in the UK for brides-to-be. Of course, she wasn't the only person to leave the boardroom for good as someone still had to be fired. And since the girls came out triumphant, it was the mens' turn to face the dreaded backlash from Lord Sugar. In the end, it was accountant Kevin D'Arcy who was in the firing line in episode two. Lord Sugar explained: “Kevin, you sold the Bao Buns too low. "You were more focused on revenue rather than profit and so it is with regret, you’re fired.” The Apprentice continues every Thursday at 9pm on BBC One.