Season four of Fauda will be coming to screens on January 20 with the show dropping globally on Netflix. There will be 12 episodes in the new series of the Israeli show, which focuses on the Israel Defense Forces and creators Lior Raz and Avi Issacharoff experiences. Season four has already aired in its native country on Israeli broadcaster Yes TV back in July last year. The new series sees the story moving beyond Israel in an international story spanning continents. The trailer teased the action would be moving to Brussels, Ramla, Lebanon and Jenin, among other locations. This time around Hezbollah activists from Lebanon and Palestinian militants from the West Bank will be having a big role to play in the story. Here’s where you may recognise the cast from and some of their other work away from Fauda. Season four of Fauda will be coming to screens on January 20 with the show dropping globally. There will be 12 episodes in the new series of the Israeli show, which focuses on the Israel Defense Forces and creators Lior Raz and Avi Issacharoff experiences. Season four has already aired in its native country on Israeli broadcaster Yes TV back in July last year. READ MORE: Where is Fauda filmed? Where's it set? Doron Kavillio - Lior Raz Co-creator and lead star Lior Raz reprises his role as Doron Kavillio, who finds himself on the backfoot at the start of season four following the death of his teammate and getting booted out ofthe unit.  Shani Russo - Inbar Lavi Joining Fauda for season four is actress Inbar Lavi as the character Shani Russo. Lavi is no stranger to screens thanks to her role as Eve in Netflix’s Lucifer, Prison Break, Imposters, Gang Related, The Last Ship and Stumptown. Omar Tawalbe - Amir Boutrous Another fresh face to Fauda is Amir Boutrous, who takes on the role of Omar Tawalbe who is a young Lebanese source. Boutrous has previously starred in The Crown as President Nasser, 24: Live Another Day, Tyrant and Aladdin. Maya Binyamin - Lucy Ayoub Taking on the part of Maya Binyamin is actress Lucy Ayoub, who will be portraying the sister of a Lebanese source Omar and a respected member of the Israeli police force. Her previous credits include 8200, Mo'adon Layla as well as serving as the host of The Chase - Israel. DON'T MISS...Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [INSIGHT]John Lydon shares heartbreaking health update on wife [VIDEO]Prince Harry’s threats to Royal Family are ‘tantamount to blackmail’ [ANALYSIS] Adel Tawalbe - Loai Nofi Another Fauda newcomer is Loai Nofi, who portrays Adel Tawalbe following on from appearances in Nafas, Dumb, The Good Cop, Shabas and One Like Him. Ivri - Danny Steg Rounding off the major new cast members is Danny Steg as Ivri with the actor also appearing in Game Over, Hamesima X, The World Is Funny and Your Honor. Gabi 'Captain Eyov' - Itzik Cohen Itzik Cohen returns as Gabi 'Captain Eyov’, who will trying to help Doron by enlisting him on a security mission to Brussel. Cohen is an actor and writer with parts in PMTA, New York, A Matter of Size and The Beauty of Jerusalem. Eli - Yaakov Zada-Daniel Yaakov Zada-Daniel will be back again as Eli after starring in the previous seasons of Fauda with some of his biggest roles including More Than I Deserve, Dumb, Next to Her and Sirens. Sagi - Idan Amedi Singer and star Idan Amedi returns to his role as Sagi with Fauda marking his big break into the world of acting. Hertzel 'Steve' Pinto - Doron Ben-David Doron Ben-David is once more playing Hertzel 'Steve' Pinto with the star also known for Dumb, Hostages, Our Father and Manayek. Other cast members in Fauda season four include Meirav Shirom as Dana, Rona-Lee Shimon as Nurit, Gal Friedman as Dudi, Neta Garty as Gali Kavillio and Siham Yahya as Aeesha. Fauda season 4 is released on Netflix on January 20