A severe amber cold weather alert has been extended into this weekend as temperatures are expected to dramatically dip overnight. The Met Office and the UK Health Security Agency has warned the most vulnerable members of society continue to be at risk of the freezing mercury which is slowly starting to ease. It was due to expire for England tomorrow, but instead has been pushed into this Saturday at noon to accommodate a series of bitterly cold nights ahead. The amber alert is just one away from a national emergency. It says: "There is a 90 percent probability of severe cold weather/icy conditions between 9am on Thursday, January 26 and midday on Saturday, January 28 in parts of England. This weather could increase the health risks to vulnerable patients and disrupt the delivery of services. "Further night frosts to come over the weekend, with the most widespread frost likely on Friday night into Saturday morning, along with some patchy freezing fog in the south. The current alert has been extended until midday Saturday to capture these cold overnight conditions. Daytime temperatures will be mostly close to average." As part of its advice, people are asked to check in on loved ones and ensure they have access to warm food and drinks. They should also ensure they are able to adequately heat their home. It continues: "Look out for friends and family who may be vulnerable to the cold, and ensure they have access to warm food and drinks and are managing to heat their homes adequately.  "Try to maintain indoor temperatures to at least 18C, particularly if you are not mobile, have a long-term illness or are 65 or over. Avoid exposing yourself to cold or icy outdoor conditions if you are at a higher risk of cold-related illness or falls." The cold weather health watch is poised to activate anytime between November 1 to March 31 and has a series of cold weather thresholds which must be met first. "The thresholds have been developed to trigger an alert when severe cold weather is likely to significantly affect people's health," the Met Office says. "The alerts take account of temperature along with other winter weather threats such as ice and snow." Outside of the November to March timeframe, an extraordinary heat-health alert is instead issued to warn of extreme hot weather and heatwaves which can also affect the health of vulnerable individuals. These were regularly put out last year during the unprecedented heatwaves which saw droughts put in place due to a serious lack of rainfall. READ MORE: ‘Freezing fog’ to engulf parts of Britain as Met Office issues warning   From tonight until Monday, the Met Office has issued a UK-wide forecast. This evening it says: "Still a few showers around eastern coasts. Otherwise, many areas fine and cold with a widespread frost. Freezing fog likely for parts of the west, mainly Northern Ireland." It appears the peak of the cold weather will be in the lead up to Saturday, with the mercury returning to around normal for the time of year on Monday. Then on Friday it continues: "Fog clears to leave another mainly fine day. Thicker cloud will bring spells of mainly light rain to the northwest later. Temperatures rather below normal after a cold start." And from Saturday to Monday it concludes: "Rain at times, especially in the northwest. Some frost and fog in the south through the weekend. Very windy in the north on Sunday and into Monday. Temperatures around normal."   From Monday into the start of February, the Met Office's long range forecast alludes to more stormy weather, with a slight nod towards milder temperatures. It says: "Likely cloudy with occasional rain or drizzle in the south at first on Monday. "Clearer in the north with sunny spells interspersed with a few showers, this extending south through the day. Windy in the north and east but lighter winds elsewhere. Temperatures around normal for the time of year. Into mid-week, frontal systems are expected to spread from the northwest. "These could bring some periods of prolonged rainfall or heavier showers to the north, with the risk of gales here. However any wet weather weakening as the fronts move southwards. Parts of the south could remain mostly dry, while the north may see more wet and windy weather further into the period. "Temperatures varying between mild, especially in the north, and cool, with a frost risk remaining."