A 16-week-old foetus has been discovered outside Barnet Hospital in North London, leading police to issue an urgent appeal. The Metropolitan Police were called shortly after 9am this morning following the discovery inside a box, which they believe was left by a man in his 30s who was wearting dark clothing. The matter is currently being treated by police as unexplained, and officers are urging the mother to come forward as there are concerns for her welfare. Detective Inspector Matt Coad said it is the police's immediate priority to ensure the wellbeing of the mother and that she is able to receive the appropriate medical attention. He has appealed to her to contact the police, her local GP or a nearby hospital. The man believed to have left the box outside the hospital has also been urged to come forward. Detective Inspector Matt Coad said: "At this moment, our priority is to ensure that the mother is ok and that she receives the appropriate medical attention. "This is likely to be a traumatic time for her, and I would ask that she makes contact either with us, her local GP or a hospital. "We believe that the box was left by a man, aged in 30s, who was wearing dark clothing. I would also encourage him to come forward so that we can help." Theresa Villiers, who has served as the MP for Chipping Barnet since 2005, has also expressed her fears over the health of the woman and has urged her to seek medical attention. She has also appealed to anyone with information to contact police "so they can establish the facts and take any action which is appropriate." READ MORE: 'Outrageous' £55k salary for NHS Chaplain slammed by junior doctor  Ms Villiers told Express.co.uk: "This is a very disturbing incident. I am worried about the health of woman and would encourage her to seek any medical attention that she needs. "If anyone has information about what happened, it would be helpful for them to get in touch with the police so they can establish the facts and take any action which is appropriate." The Met said anyone with information is asked to call police via 101 quoting reference CAD 1599/30Jan. DON'T MISSFirefighters vote to strike in first industrial action for 20 years [LATEST]We visit UK's 'snootiest' place to live where locals 'hate McDonald's' [REPORT]Met Office verdict on Beast from the East as polar vortex weakens [FORECAST]  We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express 