Paul Robinson has backed Manchester United’s decision to try and tie Alejandro Garnacho down to a staggering eight-year contract at Old Trafford. It recently emerged the Red Devils had drawn up an unorthodox plan to try and keep hold of the 18-year-old, who has sparkled under Erik ten Hag so far this season. They’ve never been a club to give out such lengthy deals - but are seemingly prepared to make an exception. United have seen Garnacho enjoy a stunning rise to prominence at Old Trafford this season, having given the youngster his debut under Ralf Rangnick last term. The Argentine has quickly established himself as a key player for Ten Hag, having previously struggled for game time under the Dutchman. As a result of his impressive displays, United want to tie Garnacho down to a new contract. It recently emerged they were prepared to give him an eight-year deal though his family, at present, have reservations over such a lengthy stay. But Robinson thinks that while United’s offer is an unorthodox one, having never given out such a big deal in previous years, it’s also the right approach. “Yes, I’ve been really impressed with him,” he told Football Insider. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “He plays with such confidence. I think he has a big future ahead of him. “I do not think we expected him to have this much of a role this season. “He is coming on and impacting games and starting games we did not expect him to. “I am not surprised Man United want to tie him down to a new deal. “He is one of the best player to come out of their youth setup over the past few years.” With United and Garnacho’s representatives at loggerheads, it’s unclear what will happen. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see But the Red Devils remain confident of keeping their teenage talent, despite the likes of Juventus and Real Madrid being linked. Garnacho is expected to feature when United lock horns with Nottingham Forest in the second leg of their Carabao Cup semi-final clash on Wednesday night. It’s a night where Ten Hag is poised to make changes, especially given his side already lead 3-0 from the first leg. Marcus Rashford opened the scoring at the City Ground last week, with the forward bagging his 18th goal of the campaign in the process. And further goals from Wout Weghorst and Bruno Fernandes made it a comfortable evening at the office. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Former United star Lee Sharpe, meanwhile, recently hailed Garnacho and expressed a belief he should be a regular in Ten Hag’s team. "To break into the first-team, young players have to show they can perform in the teams below in the academy and he's obviously done that. He [Garnacho] is really exciting,” he told the Manchester Evening News. "He's really direct, really confident, likes to run at people, do a trick and he's scored a few goals, so he's got loads of potential. “There were stories about the manager not being too keen on his attitude but on the pitch, his attitude has been spot on. "He's worked hard, he's got at players and he's sort of done what the manager wants and what fans want - he's set the place alight. “He's got people off their seats and caused trouble for defenders, so you can't really ask more than that. "That can happen [believing his own hype], I probably went through that myself and we had a manager that brought us back down to earth, but also your teammates. The team that I played with were all very humble, hard-working and honest. "You don't get away with being a prima donna in the dressing room and that's just age and education. “I think he will mature and grow out of that and hopefully, they can keep him and be at the club for years to come. "That's what fans love, seeing players come through the academy and make a name for themselves - he looks a quality player."