The Met Office has already issued countless weather warnings at the beginning of the year, and according to forecasts, more extreme weather could be around the corner. As the weather takes a turn, motorists have been urged to check their fluid levels or risk facing serious damage to their engine. Seb Goldin, CEO of Red Driver Training, commented on the steps drivers should take to make sure they are keeping themselves and others safe. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “This includes ensuring all your lights are working, checking your tyre pressures and tread depth and topping up your fluids, especially anti-freeze and screen wash. “The cold temperatures can impact engine activity therefore it’s key that all engine fluids (anti-freeze and oil) are checked and in good condition to avoid being impacted by cold weather. “Avoid high engine revs until the engine has reached operating temperature as this can damage the engine.” READ MORE: UK to become 'world leader' for decarbonising highways Engine oil lubricates the moving components in a vehicle and is one of the most crucial parts of the car and keeps the engine clean. Although an engine oil check is part of the annual MOT test, experts tell drivers to make sure they know how to top it up if required. This is also crucial given the ongoing cost of living crisis, with millions around the country looking to save money wherever they can. Aside from keeping the engine lubricated and running smoothly, the engine oil can also have an important bearing on a driver’s fuel efficiency and the vehicle’s overall performance. DON'T MISSThe most reliable cars on the market - BMW, Tesla, Toyota and more [FULL LIST]Electric car drivers demand more home charging options [INSIGHT]Drivers could save 67 percent when buying a used electric car [SHOCKING] Engine oil can improve the fuel economy of a vehicle as it has a lower viscosity. Moving thicker fluid through the engine uses more energy due to friction in key places like the oil pump and piston. Not all engine oils are compatible for every kind of engine, with some needing specific lubricants to make the most of their efficiency. When looking to buy engine oil, motorists are told to keep an eye out for important numbers which indicate its viscosity. READ MORE: Inside the incredible car collection of The Apprentice's Alan Sugar For example, 05W-20 oil is best used in winter as the “W” refers to the cold viscosity performance, and the one after it stands for the oil’s viscosity after the engine has warmed up. In the 1990s, 20W-50 and 10W-30 were the most commonly used oils, but today these have been superseded by 05W-20 and even 0W-20 oils in newer engines. Mr Goldin continued, saying: "Ensure the AC system is kept in good condition. “Used in conjunction with the heater, the AC system dehumidifies the air in your car’s cabin, making it less likely to fog up the windows. “Opening your windows, even just for a few seconds, can help to defog your windshield and car windows." When it is cold, drivers can face fines for not de-misting or defrosting their windows, as it can affect their view of the road ahead. “Portholing” is a driving offence whereby motorists do not fully clear the windows of their car from ice, frost or snow – in some cases leaving just a small porthole to see out of. Shockingly, over half of UK motorists (53 percent) admit they have done this, risking a fine of £60 – rising to £2,500 if their vehicle is deemed dangerous – and three points on their licence. The research, from Halfords, found that 12 percent believe they don’t need to clear all of the frost, ice or snow off to drive.