King Charles championed diversity and said he was "moved beyond words" by "unimaginable horror" in his tribute to Holocaust Memorial Day. Praising the theme for this year's national commemoration of the event - Ordinary People - the King wrote that it "reminds us how it was ordinary people who were the perpetrators, bystanders, rescuers and witnesses to the Holocaust, and its victims".  He added that all people "have a role to play and a responsibility to use our gifts for the benefit - not destruction - of our world and humankind." Charles also urged those commemorating the atrocities of Nazi Germany to "renew our commitment to work for a world free from identity-based persecution and violence."  Earlier today the King joined Holocaust survivor Dr Martin Stern and a survivor of the Darfur genocide, Amouna Adam in Buckingham Palace to light a candle for the event. Dr Stern was confined in a Nazi concentration camp at just five years old, while Ms Adam grew up as a member of the persecuted Fur tribe and survived the genocide in Darfur, which took place 20 years ago this year. The King and Queen Consort also met with representatives from the Holocaust Memorial Day Trust, of which the King has been Patron since 2017. The Trust promotes and supports Holocaust Memorial Day, held annually in the UK since 2001 to honour the lives of the six million Jewish people killed in the atrocities of the Holocaust, as well as millions more murdered under Nazi persecution and in subsequent genocides in Cambodia, Rwanda, Bosnia and Darfur. READ MORE: Queen Camilla exudes elegance on Holocaust Memorial Day - pictures [REVEAL] In his written message to the welcome the Holocaust Memorial Day National Commemoration, the King wrote: "This annual commemoration is a truly profound occasion in which the United Kingdom comes together to remember those who were murdered, to honour those who survived, and to resolve to work to ensure that the horrors of the past never happen again. "The theme for this year’s Holocaust Memorial Day – Ordinary People – reminds us how it was ordinary people who were the perpetrators, bystanders, rescuers, and witnesses to the Holocaust, and its victims. Ultimately, we are all ordinary people, each of us with a role to play and a responsibility to use our gifts for the benefit – not destruction – of our world and humankind." The monarch also touched on his first trip to Rwanda in 2022, where he visited the Kigali Genocide Memorial. He recalled: "I was moved beyond words by the resilience and grace of the Rwandan people. DON'T MISS: Harry set for 'temporary peace' with Royal Family [REVEAL]Harry 'comfortable' being 'used' by media as he eyes commentator deal [INSIGHT]POLL – Should non-working royals join Coronation balcony appearance? [ANALYSIS] "I will never forget my meeting with survivors and perpetrators who, despite their appalling experiences, now live side by side in a reconciliation village." The King then issued a heartfelt plea, stating: "We should all renew our commitment to work for a world free from identity-based persecution and violence. Prejudice is always seeking out new victims to demonise, to denounce and, ultimately, to destroy. We must make sure that it never succeeds." He ended the message by emphasising that there "is no stronger antidote to division than an appreciation of diversity," and expressed his pride in the "rich diversity… displayed in the range of groups taking part in Holocaust Memorial Day."