The 73-year-old business executive has starred as Lord Sugar's The Apprentice aide on and off since 2015. In last year's series, the first winner of the BBC entrepreneur show, Tim Campbell, replaced Claude due to an injury leaving him unable to take part, but this year Claude was all set to reclaim his place on the popular reality show. However, after just one episode, Tim once again stepped in to replace Claude after he suffered further health problems. The Apprentice returns this week, 19 years since the first series was broadcast. While no-nonsense Claude will be on Thursday's premiere, fans will notice he is absent in the following episodes. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media during a press event marking the new series, some of the cast addressed why Claude will be missing. Alan Sugar explained while chatting about the upcoming series that his colleague was once again forced to pull out of most of the series. READ MORE: Camilla Tominey shuts down This Morning host in probe over Harry "Obviously it's been a great journey starting with [aide from 2005 to 2014 ] Nick Hewer and then Claude. "Unfortunately, Claude suffered some medical issues and so I was asked to think of someone else, and who better than somebody who's actually been through the process?" Talking about recruiting business owner Tim, who won the show in 2004 and was the first contestant to receive investment from Lord Sugar, Alan, 75, added: "So it was a bit of a no-brainer really because when it comes to making excuses like these candidates do, you've got Tim there. "He's been there, done that, seen it and heard it all. "That's why I warn the candidates also that there's no pulling the wool over his eyes, so to speak." Hosting the event, comedian Tom Allen clarified: "Just to explain that - because Claude is there in the first episode and then has some medical issues and then Tim steps in." "But to be clear, he's back again for the interviews in episode 11," Tim quickly added."He's very good." As well as Claude advising Lord Sugar throughout the series, Claude also takes part in the gruelling interview process towards the end of each series. DON'T MISS... Sharon Osbourne admits husband Ozzy ‘p*****s me off’ [VIDEO]Susanna Reid clashes with XR activist for swerving 'responsibility' [LATEST]Richard Madeley 'impossible to listen to' as GMB viewers 'switch off' [REACTION] The episode sees the final candidates facing an intense series of interviews with experts who individually scrutinise their business plans. Fans will no doubt be pleased to hear Claude will be back for the highly-anticipated episode because he pulls no punches and often leaves the contestants speechless. In the 17th series, 18 new hopefuls will take part in weeks of tasks with the aim of impressing Alan. The inning candidate will receive a quarter-of-a-million-pound investment from the business tycoon.  Last year, Harpreet Kaur bagged an eye-watering amount to put towards her dessert parlour. Alan told the press how he felt a sense of achievement at having helped 17 business hopefuls realise their dreams. The first episode will see the contestants jetting off to the Caribbean island of Antigua. They are tasked with selling and running lavish tours, and the episode sees some comical mishaps. The Apprentice returns to BBC One on Thursday at 9pm.