OnlyFans Star Astrid Wett has accepted Elle Brooke’s call-out following her victory over Faith Ordway on the Misfits Boxing 4 undercard on Saturday night. The pair were originally scheduled to square off on a TikTok boxing event promoted by KingPyn Promotions in August, but Wett pulled out over fears for her life after Brooke was allowed to bring a coffin onto the stage for their press conference. Speaking at the time, Wett said: "I wanted to prove to everybody that a porn star can do something different. I wanted it to be well respected [and to] change the opinion on girls that are in the same line of work. I personally feel that the KingPyn event (the promoters of the show) is not the event for this. Things have changed from what we first thought when we signed six to seven weeks ago." Wett went on to say that she felt unsafe fighting for the organisation and referenced that Brooke’s coffin stunt and her repeated threats to "kill" her made her concerned for her "actual safety during the fight.” However, after winning her debut against Keeley Colbran in October, Wett is keen to get the fight made under the Misfits Boxing promotional banner. Taking to Twitter, Wett, who was in attendance for Brooke’s last fight, wrote: "Come fight me now then!" Before later adding: “I’ll have my time… tonight is your night. I’m BACK very soon to show you I’m BETTER." This comes after Brooke, delivered her latest scathing call-out to her fierce rival. "Guys, that is what you call a TKO,” said Brooke on the DAZN broadcast. “If you want it, Astrid, I will give it to you. I'll take Fangs, I'll take Barbie, I'll take Justaminx. The bigger ones, the bigger the challenge; I'll have it. Astrid knows she's easy, she's tiny, if I did that to Faith who is seven pounds heavier than me, imagine what I am going to do to Astrid Wett. "You guys are lucky to see the best two influencer boxers fight in that ring tonight, me one and Faith two. She was getting tired, I definitely think [the stoppage] was the right call because she was turning her back. I was going to get the stoppage regardless, but she still fought so bloody well, I've never bled like this before." Prior to the fight, Wett and Brooke clashed at the ceremonial weigh-in on Friday after Wett demanded Brooke cut down to 50kg to fight her. "Astrid why would I come to 50kg because you know I can't get to that? Sorry you are the queen of f***ing boxing. Katie Taylor right f***ing here. "Oh, I am so f***ing scared, you cannot box you have invented a new jab. TKO in the first round over Keeley, you are on crack." To which, Wett replied: “She's not very classy is she? She quit in the corner well that is a TKO. You are quaking in your boots mate, she is shaking. Are you okay?"