While Laura Acosta’s (played by Jessica Pimentel) introduction to Blue Bloods prompted a rather divisive reaction from CBS viewers who’d been calling for a Danny (Donnie Wahlberg) and Baez (Marisa Ramirez) romance, the actor behind the newcomer has clearly endeared herself to her co-stars. So much so, Detective Abigail Baker star Abigail Hawk took time to take to social media to share a touching tribute to her new colleague. “The admiration I have for this human right here,” Blue Bloods’ Hawk began to her 61.8k Instagram followers alongside a selfie of her with Pimentel. She continued: “She is bold, unapologetic, kind, powerful, balanced, nuanced, talented, versatile... full of surprises and boundless depth. “Performing beside her in Jasper this past fall was a game changer for me: keenly observing her work ethic and dedication, her careful and specific choices, her freedom and fearlessness on stage…. And then! “The fates gave us another opportunity to work together, one that let her shine and sparkle like the diamond she is. Just WAIT until you all witness her brilliance in tonight’s all new @bluebloods_cbs episode.” READ MORE: NCIS Los Angeles cast ‘incredibly sad’ as CBS series cancelled Hawk concluded: “She dazzles in all she does! I remain in awe of you, @thecrusher007. #drayla #jasper #bluebloods.” While the sweet mention of Pimentel was enough to get Blue Bloods fans emotional, it also prompted a similarly touching response from the former Orange Is the New Black star herself. “Now my eyes are leaking,” Pimentel replied followed by a love heart emoji. But Pimentel wasn’t done there as she similarly took to the social media site to reciprocate Hawk’s heartfelt words. Alongside the same selfie Hawk shared, the Blue Bloods newcomer shared: “I’ll keep this short and sweet or I will start crying. “This woman right here @hawkabigail is a bright shining jewel in my life as a friend, actor and inspiration. We went through the depths and back together last year. “I am unbelievably fortunate I got to walk on two stages with her in 2022. One in a theatre in the play Jasper, the other a soundstage on Blue Bloods. “I hope to continue this trend with this precious one. Thank you for the outpouring of love and support from family, friends and fans of @bluebloods_cbs. DON'T MISS:Aubrey Plaza leaves SNL fans ‘in tears’ with Parks and Rec skit1000lb Best Friends row erupts as Vanessa blasts sister over fast foodSEAL Team’s Ray Perry star's tribute to David Boreanaz over season 7 “I am rocked to the core,” the Laura Acosta star signed off. Whether Pimentel will return in further episodes of Blue Bloods season 13 remains to be seen but the stage is certainly set for her to make quite the impact this season. After all, her character Laura Acosta was the first woman to land a date with fan-favourite Danny since the death of his wife Linda (Amy. Carlson). It transpired in Friday’s episode that Laura’s desire to retire and claim a full disability pension stemmed from a chance encounter with Danny. The injuries inflicted on Laura arose during a car collision while she was in the line of duty many years earlier while covering a shift for Danny while he grieved the loss of Linda. It was down to Danny’s dad Frank (Tom Selleck) to pull the strings to ensure Laura could receive the full pension, of course, with Danny fighting her corner. When it came to fruition, she and Danny reconnected and a chat over a drink sets up a tantalising possible romance. Blue Bloods season 13 airs Fridays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.