Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has the ‘complete backing’ of the club’s hierarchy following his decision to bench Marcus Rashford, according to reports. The England international was named among the substitutes after oversleeping and being late for training in midweek. However, he then responded by netting the winner against Wolves on Saturday - sparking jubilant scenes on the touchline in the process. Manchester United had gone into their match with Wolves with many expecting Rashford to start. The England international has been outstanding this season but, after turning up late, was named among the substitutes with Alejandro Garnacho picked instead. Rashford came on at the interval, however, and responded to his demotion by scoring the only goal of the game to give his side all three points. The decision to place the 25-year-old on the bench raised eyebrows among fans and former players alike. But The Athletic say Ten Hag has the ‘complete backing’ of his superiors at the current moment in time and, now, the matter has been put to bed. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Rashford is the third player so far this season to have experienced the brutal and demanding nature of his manager first-hand. Garnacho had to be patient earlier in the campaign, having displeased Ten Hag with his attitude during the early stages of his reign. The Argentine has been vital for the club ever since, however, with displays against the likes of Real Sociedad and Aston Villa particularly stand out. And Ten Hag was also ruthless when it came to Cristiano Ronaldo, too. The veteran had been hoping to be United’s first-choice striker this term, particularly after bagging 24 goals across all competitions last season. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see But Ronaldo never won Ten Hag round and, as a result, spent most of the first half of the season being stuck on the substitutes bench. He ultimately left United by mutual consent following a bombshell interview with Piers Morgan that aired in November. And Ten Hag, when quizzed on the forward in the wake of his side’s 1-0 win over Wolves, insisted he wasn’t in the mood to discuss the veteran and his move to Saudi Arabian side Al-Nassr. "I don't talk about the past, let's talk about the future,” said the 52-year-old. “We made a good step today." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Regarding Rashford, meanwhile, United team-mate Casemiro has backed the England international to become one of the best players in the world. Casemiro told ESPN Brazil: “I’m going to be very honest with you; I was really surprised with the player Rashford is. “In my opinion, especially knowing the player off the pitch, I can tell you that if he’s doing well, he can be one of the top five players in the world. “He has an incredible way of hitting the ball, he’s got strength, he’s quick, is very clever playing. “He was one of the players that really surprised me. Of course, when you play in a different league you already know the player, but when you’re in the same club every day… “What a spectacular player. I’m enjoying so much playing with him. He gives us a lot of energy. “I’m delighted to play with him and I’m sure if he stays like this, with the conditions he has, he can easily be a top-five player because he’s exceptional.” United are expected to start Rashford when they lock horns with Bournemouth on Tuesday night (8pm).