Michael Weatherly hasn’t been seen in the world of NCIS since his departure way back in 2016. However, with fellow CBS drama Bull now over, Weatherly’s work diary has suddenly freed up somewhat, leading NCIS fans to tip a surprise return in the show’s milestone 20th season. Now, Weatherly has sparked further speculation with a Twitter update regarding both Tony and Ziva David (played by Cote de Pablo). To recap, both Tony and Ziva are alive and well in the NCIS universe alongside their daughter Tali. The trio, as far as fans are aware, are currently residing in Paris, France after leaving their crimefighting careers behind them. But could they be about to return to Washington to reunite with the likes of their pals Timothy McGee (Sean Murray) and Jimmy Palmer (Brian Dietzen)? One fan was keen for it to happen as they tweeted Weatherly earlier this month saying: “We all would rather look at you and Ziva reuniting and enjoying that moment.” READ MORE: NCIS LA’s Callen star confirms huge character’s absence from crossover Dropping a cryptic tease at his comeback, Weatherly appeared to all but confirm he’d be back. “Stay tuned…” Weatherly began in his response. “For this might be an interesting year for such ‘moments’!” Weatherly stopped short of giving away any concrete details of the potential comeback but inevitably it didn’t take long for fans to react to the tweet. NCIS fan and Twitter user @thatpprclpninja excitedly replied: “TIVA REUNION 2023 I KNOW THATS RIGHT!!!” Elsewhere, Kathy Svetz echoed this: “Please, please, PLEASE come back!!!! “The show isn't the same without Tony, Ziva, & Gibbs. I (love) McGee & Jimmy but the rest have got to go!” Meanwhile, Diane concurred: “Pretty please with sugar on top!!!! I miss Tony and Ziva, even more so since Gibbs/Mark Harmon left. “The current mix of characters aren’t keeping my interest as much,” they concluded. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry is a 'tease' in promo video for bombshell interviewBig Bang Theory's Jim Parsons pays sweet tribute to Kaley CuocoFire Country fans expose major plot hole in first look trailer While @Georgia_84 simply weighed in: “What? WHAT!!! WHAAAAAATTTT!!!!!!?????? Don’t tease dude. Please.” (Sic) For now, fans will simply have to sit tight to see when and if Ziva and Tony make their returns, should they even do so. However, in the meantime, fans have the historic three-way crossover to look forward to on January 9. For the first time in the CBS show’s history, the likes of Alden Parker (Gary Cole) and the team will team up with the squads from NCIS Hawaii and NCIS Los Angeles. In one three-hour marathon, NCIS LA’s Marty Deeks (Eric Christian Olsen) and Kensi Blye (Daniela Ruah) along with NCIS Hawaii’s Jane Tennant (Vanessa Lachey) will be heading to the flagship drama. And judging by the promo for the crossover event, it’s one that diehard NCIS fans will not want to miss. Sadly, it looks like Tony won’t be involved but there will undoubtedly be plenty of drama to keep fans entertained. NCIS season 20 returns to CBS in the USA on January 9, 2023. A UK release date is yet to be announced.