Rishi Sunak has refused to rule out the firing of NHS staff who go on strike under new legislation which is set to be introduced in the coming weeks. The new law, which has not yet been introduced to the House of Commons, will set "minimum safety levels" for several industries, limiting their ability to take industrial action. While the details of the legislation are not yet public, Mr Sunak swerved a question over whether or not health workers could face being fired if they choose to strike. Asked if health workers can be sacked under the new law, Mr Sunak replied: "I fully believe in the unions’ role in our society and the freedom for them to strike. "But I also believe that should be balanced with the right of ordinary working people to go about their lives free from significant disruption. "And that's why we're going to bring forward new laws in common with countries like France, Italy, Spain, and others, that ensure we have minimum levels of safety in critical areas like fire, like ambulances, so that even when strikes are going on, you know that your health will be protected. "I think that's entirely reasonable and that's what our new laws will do." Yesterday, Business Secretary Grant Shapps confirmed that the Government will be pressing ahead with its crckdodwn on industrial action, pleding to introduce the new legislation "in the coming weeks". The new laws will primarily affect fire, ambulance and rail services, for which "minimum safety levels" will be set during times of industrial action. The bill will also cover "health services, education, nuclear decommissioning, other transport services and border security", for which the Government says it "expects to continue to reach voluntary agreements, and would only look to consult on minimum safety levels should these voluntary positions not be agreed". The Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) announced the new legislation yesterday, while also calling for union leaders to return to talks.  BEIS said ministers are "reaching out to unions to invite them to sit down and discuss the evidence that the Government will be submitting to the pay review bodies". During these discussions, the Government called for the unions to cancel their upcoming strikes "in a bid to resolve these disputes constructively through dialogue". Business Secretary Grant Shapps said the Government would still "protect the freedom to strike", whilst also looking to safeguard "life and livelihoods". He said the measures were being introduced to "restore the balance between those seeking to strike and protecting the public from disproportionate disruption". A wave of industrial action has affected a large number of sectors, including the health service and train lines. Rail workers in the RMT and other unions have taken part in a series of large-scale strikes over more than six months, with Thursday marking the sixth day of action since last summer by members of Aslef, which represents most train drivers. Responding to the announcement, the GMB union, which represents ambulance workers, said: "A Government that has presided over 13 years of failure in our public services is now seeking to scapegoat the NHS staff and ambulance workers who do so much to care for the people of our country." Giving a speech earlier today, Sir Keir Starmer said he would repeal the legislation if Labour came to power. The Labour leader said: "I don't think this legislation is going to work and I'm pretty sure they've had an assessment that tells them that. It's likely to make a bad situation worse." Sir Keir said his party would evaluate what proposals the Government brings forward, continuing: "But if it's further restrictions, then we will repeal it.