Texas has been left devastated after a tornado struck an area with 2.3 million people. On Tuesday, the National Weather Service issued a tornado warning in the Houston area at around 4.30pm, as a line of severe storms swept through the town. The agency warned residents of the life-threatening situation and to seek shelter immediately. Houston Fire Department Chief Samuel Peña said that the damaged area was so wide the fire department needed nearly 200 firefighters to cover and quickly assess. Over 300 apartment units needed to be searched in multiple waves on Tuesday night. “We will be out again today to conduct a third search to ensure that we didn’t miss anything,” Peña said. “Visibility was bad last night, but we were very fortunate that this incident didn’t occur at a different time of day.” READ MORE: Andrew in for more 'embarrassment' as Giuffre book to be published In one of many horror incidents throughout the state’s tornado storm, a couple were forced to run from their RV to shelter from a twister. A video showed Zachary Peck-Chapman and his partner scramble out of their RV with their two dogs and jump into ditchwater at the Country Livin' RV Park in Orange, about 100 miles east of Houston. Zachary said the tornado touched down a few hundred feet from their van, recounting this on Twitter as the "scariest moment of our [lives]”. "We're still a bit shaken by it all”, he said. “But we are very blessed to have each other & our home intact! “It could have hit us straight on. We couldn't see it because of the wind and rain, but less than a quarter mile up the road homes/vehicles/trees/power lines/etc. were damaged.” DON'T MISS Harry cannot be 'trusted' on coronation balcony, says Angela Levin Horror as mum charged with killing two kids, injuring baby Farm worker in court to face seven murder charges after massacre Deer Park resident Jim Favi also told AccuWeather that his town typically has sirens that go off when a tornado is creating imminent danger, but the twister hit before the sirens could go off. “We were watching a movie actually just relaxing on the couch and then we just heard, you know loud wind noises and we looked out the window and whole patio furniture just flew away,” he said. “The fences started falling over. So we ran to the centre of the house and got the dogs.” “I’ve lived here my whole life,” Jim added. “I know this area gets storms, but I mean nothing like this.”