Rafael Nadal’s uncle and former coach Toni has explained why Novak Djokovic isn’t as loved as his nephew and Roger Federer in some tennis fans’ eyes. It comes after Toni recently claimed he thought the world No 1 aimed a dig at Nadal, but the tennis coach has now shut down suggestions of a feud between himself and the Serb as he discussed their relationship. Djokovic won a record 10th Australian Open title on Sunday, allowing him to return to the No 1 spot and match Nadal’s record of 22 overall Grand Slams. As he continues to cement himself in history, the Serb has often been unable to win over fans who have backed his rivals Federer and Nadal for years. And Nadal’s uncle Toni has now shared his own theory on why the 93-time title winner hasn’t received the same adoration as his other Big Three rivals, claiming some would have been left unhappy when Djokovic first came up as the new kid on the block when Federer and Nadal had already established themselves. “Well I don't know. It's not a topic that worries me much either,” the coach of Felix Auger-Aliassime told Vanity Fair when asked if he understood some fans’ aversion to the world No 1. But Toni still had his own logic, continuing: “I think the problem he has had is that he broke in when there was a clear rivalry between Federer and Rafael, and people liked that matchup. I think that he never managed to be as loved as the other two, and that his behaviour on the court has sometimes been a little more complicated.” JUST IN: Tsitsipas told he has something better than Federer despite Aus loss Toni’s comments come after the Serb faced some adversity during his run to the trophy, including a hamstring injury that some claimed was fake or played up - something the 35-year-old quickly hit back at. “When some other players are injured, then they are the victims, but when it is me, I am faking it,” the 93-time title winner said last week, prompting many to believe he was talking about Nadal who crashed out in the second round after picking up a new leg injury. Nadal’s uncle Toni himself was quick to claim that he believed the comments were about the world No 6, telling El Pais: “I am not very susceptible by nature, but I understand that ‘others’ refers to Rafael, the only ‘other’ injured tennis player among the contenders for the title.” DON'T MISSDjokovic to have injury checks as Aus champ will prove doubters wrongNovak Djokovic leaves Tim Henman amazed in Australian Open winNovak Djokovic shares Indian Wells 'wish' as Serb inspired by Jordan While the 61-year-old’s comments have caused many to believe he does not like the world No 1, Toni was quick to put any speculation of a feud to bed as he explained that he had a good relationship with the newly-crowned 10-time Aussie Open champion. After giving his theory over fans’ aversion to the Serb, he added: “I have a good relationship with him. In addition to being a great champion, he has always had a good relationship with me.” But Auger-Aliassime’s coach still didn’t understand exactly what it was that determined the popularity of each of the Big Three. “There are people who like Rafael, others like Federer and others like Djokovic. It is true that almost no one dislikes Federer, few people dislike Rafael and it is likely that Djokovic does have a detractor more than the two of them. But I don't know exactly what it is,” he said. 