Millions of fans worldwide are patiently waiting for the next chapter of John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) and his family’s epic Western saga, Yellowstone. Before things really heat up on the ranch in the second half of the Paramount Network drama’s fifth season, recurring star Rudy Ramos has shared his first experiences of getting to work on one of the biggest shows in the US at this late stage of his career. Native American actor Ramos has revealed getting cast as Felix Long in Yellowstone came as a total surprise. Felix has appeared in several episodes so far as an elder on the Broken Rock reservation who offers sage advice whilst also pushing back against Native oppression. “When I got this material to do my audition scene I didn’t know anything about it,” he recalled. “And when I read it, I went, ‘Oh this is a really good part, but they’re probably going to go for Wes Studi or Graham Greene, two Academy Award nominees.’” READ MORE: Prince Harry’s threats to Royal Family are ‘tantamount to blackmail’ Studi became the first Native American actor to receive an Oscar for acting when he was given the Academy Honorary Award in 2019 and worked with Yellowstone star Costner in Dances with Wolves. Greene also appeared in Dances with Wolves and was nominated for the Best Supporting Actor Oscar. He also shares a more recent connection to the world of Yellowstone, having appeared in Sheridan's film Wind River, so it was only natural for Ramos to assume he wouldn’t get the part. “When I saw this material I related to it,” he told Darek Thomas of the Monday Morning Critic Podcast. “I wanted it, I wanted to make it mine. I had about a week to work on it, I went in, read for it and they called me back right away. “The next time I went in was about a week later and there was a big group of people in that room. If you’ve ever been an actor, you’ll know if there’s a roomful of people it’s an important part.” In the years running up to landing his Yellowstone role, Ramos had all but retired from film and TV acting. He had been performing his one-man show Geronimo, Life on the Reservation, up to this point, though this had come to an end during the COVID-19 pandemic. DON'T MISS:Face to Face’s Lars Mikkelsen ‘knackered’ after final season [EXCLUSIVE]NCIS Hawaii fans ‘sobbing’ as series pays tribute to Yakira Chambers [REACTION]The Mandalorian fans ‘work out’ dead Jedi’s return [THEORY] However, Sheridan was clearly impressed with Ramos’ audition and he was quickly cast to portray Monica Dutton’s (Kelsey Asbille) grandfather. “I just focused, I was sharp. My chops were sharp,” he recalled. “I’d been working for five or six years, going around the country with that show. But I wasn’t doing any film. “Nobody was knocking on my door. I didn’t even have an agent! I had just gotten one to get this audition.” “When I finished my last line of the second scene, I heard someone say, ‘Yep, that’s it!’” Ramos revealed the voice he heard was Sheridan himself, who initially only signed him up for two episodes at the start of Yellowstone’s first season. Thankfully, the showrunner was so struck by his performance he decided to bring him back on several occasions over the next few seasons. Felix is showing no signs of slowing down just yet, so hopefully, fans can expect Monica to pay more visits to her grandfather very soon. Yellowstone season 5, part 2 will begin in the summer of 2023 on the Paramount Network in the USA and Paramount+ in the UK.