Meghan Markle has been savaged by a royal biographer who claimed she has "another side which is really scary". Angela Levin tore into the Duchess as negotiations over whether she and Prince Harry will attend the coronation later this year loom large. Ms Levin claimed that Samantha Cohen, Meghan and Harry's Private Secretary who had worked in the Firm for nearly two decades, "couldn't stand" the job. Ms Cohen left working with the Royal Family in 2018. "[Meghan's] not miss nice. She really isn't, and anybody who falls for that - like Harry did - is in a difficult position. I think she brings out the worst in him," Ms Levin opined to Dan Wootton on GB News. She claimed: "If that's what she wants, you'll get a surprise if you want her to be sweet, nice and charming. She can be, but she's also got another side which is really scary." Prince Harry has said that he has never been happier in his marriage with Meghan Markle. "I’ve got two beautiful kids and an amazing wife. The happiness in my family now, I have never felt anywhere else before," he told ITV's Tom Bradby in an interview ahead of the release of his memoir Spare. Ms Levin's comments come as the pair were discussing the reported resignation of two senior staff at the Sussexes' charity, Archewell.  Internal head of content Ben Browning and the head of marketing Fara Taylor will be leaving this year, according to The Telegraph. It is understood that neither position will be replaced. Ashley Hansen, the Archewell's head of communication announced the departures and said Ms Taylor and Mr Browning had "exceeded expectations and made their mark within the cultural zeitgeist". "Ben and Fara have been integral to the creation and execution of many critically and commercially acclaimed projects during their tenure,” she told The Telegraph. Ms Hansen added: "They played a critical role in helping to tell the stories of the Duke and Duchess thus far and the couple remain hugely grateful for their support on those vital look-back projects, as they now look forward." READ MORE: Prince Harry 'wants to win' in coronation negotiations  It comes just over a month after Archewell boss Mandana Deyani stepped down after being in the job less than a year. Archewell stressed that there was no bad blood between the Sussexes and Deyani and that they "remain friends". A statement from Archewell on her departure read: "Ms Deyani has been an integral part of Archewell and we are grateful for her passion, commitment and leadership. It added: "There will be no replacement for this position, and Ms Deyani is fully supportive of the Duke and Duchess in their leadership roles, and they remain friends." Several other members of staff have left the company over the years, however there is no suggestion any of the resignations had anything to do with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex.  DON'T MISS:Harry out for 'revenge' as he launches new 24-page report with Meghan [INSIGHT]Kate releases powerful animation to promote campaign close to heart [ANALYSIS]Prince Louis’ £8,000 gift from Harry paid tribute to Diana [REPORT] The news comes amid reports that King Charles III has enlisted the help of the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby to act in negotiations between the Royal Family and the Sussexes over their attendance of the coronation. According to The Telegraph, the King is concerned that Meghan and Harry's absence from the coronation might be more distracting than their presence. Archbishop Welby, who officiated the Sussexes' wedding in 2018, is said to be "very supportive of their plight", according to the paper. King Charles is said to be willing to give concessions for their attendance, including high-profile seating and an assurance that the couple would retain their titles. His coronation will take place May 6, 2023. 