Former Liverpool star Jamie Carragher has been left with egg on his face following comments made about Marcus Rashford previously. The striker struggled for form last season but has looked better than ever under Erik ten Hag, silencing his doubters and justifying why the higher powers at Manchester United want him to pen a new deal with the club. Rashford has scored eight and assisted three in 18 appearances for United so far this season, being deployed as a No 9 in the early stages of the campaign before recently being switched back out onto the left wing. The 25-year-old has quickly bounced back to form under Ten Hag and played himself into England’s team for the Qatar World Cup. Pundits have been quick to praise Rashford and the general consensus is that it would be disastrous for the forward to depart Old Trafford, with his contract expiring in 2024 and Paris Saint-Germain lurking after making their interest public. Though Carragher certainly won’t have seen the revival of Rashford coming, nor Arsenal becoming leading contenders to win the Premier League. Speaking in May last year, the pundit told Sky Sports: “He’s just not quite good enough for Manchester United, Marcus Rashford. That’s all it is. “That’s it, he’s not quite good enough for Manchester United. He’s Tottenham or Arsenal." The remark came after Rashford had concluded his worst goal-scoring campaign with United and reports were speculating that the forward was weighing up whether to push to leave the club. Carragher also hinted in his remark that he felt that moving from United to Arsenal was a step down in quality, which would ensure that Rashford did not stand out for not being up to the mark. Though the 44-year-old certainly wouldn’t be able to get away with such comments now, with the Gunners eight points clear at the top of the table and looking likely to lift the Premier League at the end of the season. Of course, the statement that ‘Rashford should be playing for Arsenal’ is plausible nowadays given that the forward is one of the most in-form players in world football and he would be joining a club that has tasted defeat just once this season. Though Carragher certainly did not mean it in that light. It remains to be seen whether Rashford can continue his electric form in the second half of the season and help Ten Hag’s team secure Champions League football at the very minimum.