I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! star Kadeena Cox, 31, took to Twitter last night to defend Love Island’s Olivia Hawkins, 27, after her vicious row with love rival Zara Deniz Lackenby-Brown, 25. However, the athlete also criticised Olivia’s behaviour towards 21-year-old Haris Namani, who has now reportedly left the Love Island villa.    Last night, Olivia and Zara divided ITV viewers after erupting into another savage argument. Tension seemed to have been building after Zara coupled up with Tom Clare, who had previously been sharing a bed with Olivia. However, some fans have also theorised that the argument goes deeper than that, after eagle-eyed Instagram users spotted that the two women had left comments on each others’ posts before entering the villa, which suggests they knew each other previously. Following the pair’s screaming match, which was prompted by Olivia pulling Tom for a chat and then refusing to discuss the specifics of her conversation with Zara, they managed to make up by “agreeing to disagree”. READ MORE: Michael J Fox admits struggles with Back To The Future co-star  Last night, Kadeena gave her thoughts on the situation after her own experience in the I’m A Celeb jungle. In view of her 15,100 Twitter followers, she penned: “People really need to remember how these things are edited. “There’s probably a lot more that goes on behind the scenes with Olivia and Zara and forced convos! Give Liv a break man.” (sic) Olivia and Zara appeared to completely split viewers, as many fans took sides over the argument. However, more drama was yet to come, as it was subsequently announced that Haris has now left the villa after fans spotted he was missing from some scenes last night. Before reports surfaced, Kadeena wrote: “Can someone check on poor Harris…” She went on to suggest that Olivia’s strong feelings about Zara and Tom might have made things difficult for the young islander. Haris is reportedly the latest islander to be dumped from the villa, with fans being left stunned by claims the ITV star was involved in a street brawl. READ MORE...Rita Ora exposes lacy bra and thong in risqué photoshoot [PICTURES]Amanda Owen admits life is 'never easy' as single mum of nine [NEWS]Love Island's Ron 'unsure what to think' after Lana's famous ex news [NEWS] In video footage obtained by The Sun, the star appears to have been involved in a fight. The scenes will reportedly play out in Tuesday’s instalment of the show. “Haris was booted off Love Island last night. There was a dumping and he got the chop,” a source told The Sun. “It is, in part, a relief for the show’s bosses in light of the video of Haris in a street fight.” A Love Island spokesperson said: “We would never comment on dumpings or show formats to avoid ruining the show for the viewers.” In the clip, Haris can be seen punching another man who subsequently falls to the floor. In reference to the video a Love Island spokesperson told the publication: “Language and behaviour in the villa is always closely monitored, and Islanders are reminded of what we consider acceptable during their time on the show. “Extensive duty of care protocols for all Islanders includes video training and guidance covering language and behaviour.”  