Silent Witness is one of the BBC's longest-running dramas and its premiere is split into two parts. The first episode tells of how a man was thrown from a high-rise building and the incident could be connected to a well-known organised crime syndicate. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the first episode. Nikki Alexander is back to lead the team and this time she is assisted by the National Crime Agency. She is played by Emilia Fox, a 48-year-old English actress and presenter. She is best known for her roles in The Soul Keeper, Pride and Prejudice and Merlin. In Silent Witness she is the longest-serving cast member since the departures of Tom Ward in 2012 and William Gaminara in 2013.  Jack Hodgson is played by David Caves, a 43-year-old Irish actor who is otherwise known for 15 Days and Widows Walk. He is more widely known for his theatre roles, having taken to the stage in Romeo and Juliet, Wuthering Heights and The Taming of the Shrew.  Gabriel Folukoya is played by Aki Omoshaybi, an actor, writer, dancer and director from London. He started his career in theatre but went on to star in Star Wars: Episode VIII - The Last Jedi, The Riot Club and Kids in Love. READ MORE: Silent Witness star addresses ‘difficult’ future for Nikki and Jack Velvy Schur is played by Alastair Michael, previously known for his roles in Ridley Road and Snatch. His character is an Anatomical Pathology Technologist trainee. Velvy has recently left his ultra-Orthodox Jewish community and is now finding his own path.  Anthony is played by William Willoughby, a stuntman and actor who has acted as a stunt double for some huge names. He has stepped in for the likes of Aidan Turner, Danny Dyer, Andrew Garfield, Tom Hanks, James Franco and Christian Bale.  Laine is played by Sophia Myles, a 42-year-old English actress known for her roles in Thunderbirds, Outlander and Transformers: Age of Extinction. She has received critical acclaim for her TV work, especially Doctor Who, Spooks and A Discovery of Witches. Stephen Ross is played by Matteo Carlomagno, a 50-year-old actor known for his roles in Jumper and All the Money in the World. He is also a director and author, who also works for several theatre productions.  Luca is played by Tristan Ruggeri, a child actor who has starred in The Witcher as young Geralt. He is also known for his roles in The Twin and Bodies. Chloe is played by Issy Knopfier, a 24-year-old actress and producer who has starred in Before We Die and Two. The actress, who is the daughter of Dire Straits singer Mark Knopfier, has also taken on the title role in And Anne. DON'T MISS... Line of Duty's Martin Compston shuts down series return [INSIGHT] Call the Midwife viewers heartbroken as beloved character exits [DISCUSSION] Stonehouse cast swipe at Matt Hancock as they compare disgraced MPs [INSIGHT] Soju is played by Kuni Tomita, an actor who has previously starred in Renko and The Pier.  Pearl Jarrett has a guest role in the series and she is known for her roles in Loves Spell, The Lost Girls and Caribbean Summer.  Abigail Climer plays a teacher in the first episode and she is an actress from London who has worked in musical theatre. Now turning her attention to TV and film, she has taken on roles in Sex Education and Wonka. Karishma Navekar has recently starred as Gaylth in The Witcher - Blood Origin. She began her professional career in 2017 and went on to star in Bridgerton and Unforgotten. Viewers may also recognise her from the Netflix film Enola Holmes 2. Orion Lewis has a guest role in the episode and he is an Israeli actor who is making his TV debut in Silent Witness.  Silent Witness airs on BBC One from January 2 at 9pm