Kaleb Cooper, 24, took to Instagram to share the happy news that he and his fiance Taya were expecting a baby girl. The Clarkson's Farm star thrilled fans as he used two tractors to make the huge announcement. Kaleb took to Instagram today to post a short video in view of his 1.2 million followers alongside his fiance Taya. The pair announced two months ago that they were expecting their second child, with the pair now confirming the gender. They stood in front of two tractors and counted down until pink smoke came out of the exhaust of the vehicles. He captioned the clip: "Only one way to do a Gender Reveal." READ MORE: Sarah Beeny shares photo in bathtub amid emotional cancer update His friends and family were with them and he admitted he was a "bit nervous" before finding out their baby's gender. They hugged each other as family members celebrated the happy news in the background. Fans were quick to rush to the comments to congratulate the young couple on the exciting news. NickWilliams94 said: "Congrats to you both! Easily the best gender reveal that I've seen." Mr.Miguel.Alvarado added: "Congratulations! That is quite brilliant!" Jeremy Clarkson did not leave a message or comment on the news but he did make sure to like the Instagram post. Kaleb announced he and his partner were expecting their second child at the end of November. The couple already shares a child named Oscar, who they welcomed together in March last year. DON'T MISS... BBC Radio 2's Scott Mills reacts to Ken Bruce 'replacement' backlash [COMMENT] Meat Loaf's wife admits 'huge part of me is missing' after his death [INSIGHT] Lisa Marie Presley's ex Michael 'to get full custody' of their twins [HOLLYWOOD] Along with a picture with his fiance, son and tractor, Kaleb made the baby announcement. He captioned the post: "So excited to announce that baby cooper number 2 is cooking nicely. "My number one goal is to buy myself a farm and be able to bring my kids up enjoying what I think is the best lifestyle which is the farming lifestyle." Speaking about the baby news, Kaleb told The Sun: "I don’t know if I feel nervous or excited. "I have always wanted to be a younger dad and I have plenty of experience with kids having to put up with Jeremy every day." Kaleb also welcomed the New Year with a fiance after asking Taya to marry him on Christmas Day. He recalled: "She said yes! 2022 has been an amazing year. "This definitely tops it off. I honestly can't wait for 2023 and all the following years after that. "@Tayaaaxx you're my best friend as well as the love of my life. Was a long wait for this (6 and a half years)."