Reality star billionaire Kylie Jenner debuted the first photos of her 11-month-old son she shares with Travis Scott on Saturday and finally revealed they called him Aire. The 25-year-old had previously announced his temporary name was Wolf, only to change it later as it "didn't suit him" - and his true identity had been shrouded in mystery ever since. Kylie had previously suffered trolling when she shared photos of Aire's big sister Stormi on social media, which is said to have contributed to her caution about showing the world her latest son. The photo carousel shows the smiling baby boy already has an impressive collection of colourful onesies, printed with the likes of sharks and cars, The big reveal was a long time coming - but when she did decide to divulge, the post attracted over 16 million likes in less than ten hours. Kylie simply wrote in the caption "Aire" with a heart emoji, while her mum Kris Jenner gave his full name including his surname, adding in the comments: "I love you Aire Webster!" DON'T MISS... Sarah Beeny shares photo in bathtub amid emotional cancer update Aire - her second child with a weather-related name - had originally been referred to as "Wolf" after his birth in February 2022. However, Kylie made it clear within a month of welcoming her son that the unusual moniker wouldn't be staying. She told her Instagram fans: "FYI our sons name isn’t Wolf anymore," adding a string of laughter emojis. "We just really didn’t feel like it was him. Just wanted to share because I keep seeing Wolf everywhere." Her last public update on his identity before Saturday night was during an episode of The Kardashians, when she told fans they might have to wait until season 3 to find out. "I’ll let you guys know when I change [his name]," she teased. Meanwhile, according to a birth certificate reportedly obtained by TMZ, Aire has also been given the middle names Jacques and Webster - being surname of his dad Travis. The rapper, who uses Travis Scott as a performer, is actually called Jacques Bermon Webster II. DON'T MISS... BBC Radio 2's Scott Mills reacts to Ken Bruce 'replacement' backlash [BACKLASH] Prince Harry savaged by Chelsea Handler at Critics Choice Awards [DEBATE] Richard Osman hints at BBC Radio 2 replacement as fans 'switch off' [LATEST] Meanwhile, fans can finally end speculation over what Aire looks like after Kylie also shared a series of photos of her son. His grandmother, Kris, previously teased on the Ellen DeGeneres show that he was the spitting image of his sister Stormi. She added: "When he came out, it was like Stormi being born again!" Kris also shared that she had been the only person in the room alongside the proud parents during the hospital birth. "They have rules and regulations now so you can only have so many people," she explained. "They have rules and regulations now so you can only have so many people," she explained. "Back in the day, I had like 15 people [in the room] when I was giving birth. It was like a party!" Kylie temporarily vowed to stop sharing photos of her children altogether. It comes after fans hit out at her decision to let her daughter, Stormi, wear hoop earrings aged two, with some saying it was "dangerous".