That there’s even some briefing from those inside Meghan’s camp against the content of Spare? Who knows? In the chaotic world of this resentful and entitled couple, it's impossible to predict the difference between the pragmatic and the strategic. But what they cannot ever distance themselves from is the profound hurt suffered by those who aren’t even directly involved, yet who, by their loyal association with the Royal Family have to remain silent. Not least the Princess of Wales' mother, Carole Middleton. How she must be suffering along with her daughter as accusations about Kate’s conduct are airily used as cannon fodder by Harry and Meghan. Yet she remains impeccably discreet. She says nothing about the unfair one-sided battle when, inside, given the lioness status of protective parent, she must be raging on her daughter`s behalf. Not that you need to be a mother to appreciate this. Anyone who cares deeply for a young member of their wider family would instinctively want to roar in despair at being caught in the cross hairs of the Duke and Duchess's agenda. The monetising of their "misery" means taking no prisoners when it comes to considering the feelings of those who by indirect association must be suffering so badly. Who knows if there was a culture clash or if there were issues with hugging and bridesmaid dresses between the Duchess and the Princess (jeez the First World problems of it all). But what we do know is that Kate can’t retaliate. And instead the otherwise formidable Carole – a woman who has raised a family whilst building a successful business - is doubtless enraged and appalled at the impact it must be having on her daughter. Especially given that even her opposite number Meghan’s mother, the hitherto glacial and silently elegant Dorian Ragland, has finally spoken out (As she told the Netflix documentary: "The last five years have been challenging. I'm ready to have my voice heard, that's for sure. A little bit of my experience as her mom.") What makes the situation all the more ironic is that so much of what triggers Harry is the profound love he had for his own mother. And of the seismic grief and despair he experienced after Diana was tragically killed. Clearly, however, has given little thought to the impact his unchallenged words would have on those who love his sister-in-law so much. Namely Kate’s mother. We don’t know, of course, how the Princess of Wales is bearing up under the fallout of Harry and Meghan’s accusations. The optics on the one hand are positive as the Duchess breezes into one engagement after another, wearing a sunny smile as easily as her designer cashmere coat. Yet there’s no doubt she’s looking especially slender. Given the fact she has three children to run around after, the Duchess, though naturally slim, must be burning off the calories. One can only speculate if the tensions of the current situation are exacerbating the situation – which doubtless, Carole will also fret about. Perhaps once the last grain of injustice has been pedalled by Harry and every interview opportunity exhausted, the silent players ensnared in this royal pantomime will get some peace. For Carole Middleton, a mother who must ache for the welfare of her daughter it can’t come soon enough.