Santa Cruz in Tenerife is one of Spain’s top tourist destinations for winter sun. The region will bring in strict rules with fines from January 17. Tourists could be fined for leaving litter or smoking on one of the region’s beaches under the new rules. Beach bars, kiosks, restaurants and any other business operating on the beaches could be fined for not providing a bin. Smokers will be able to smoke in designated areas at the beach and must look for signs before lighting up. Businesses could also be fined for using single use plastic or creating rubbish and mess at the beach. READ MORE: Flight attendant says Toblerone is 'easiest' method to get upgrade Providing food to non-domestic animals such as pigeons, rats and stray cats, could also see tourists fined. Only authorised feeders are allowed to feed stray animals under the tough new rules in Santa Cruz. Making any kind of graffiti, writing or scratches on any area in public space could see tourists fined. This includes public transport, scratching trees or any piece of public furniture such as a bench or sign. Putting lit cigarettes or cigars into bins in Santa Cruz could also see tourists fined for violating safety regulations. Tourists should also bag their waste before putting it in a bin at their holiday accommodation or villa. Minor breaches will incur a 750 euro (£665) fine while serious incidents will see tourists fined a whopping 1,500 euros (£1,330). In the most serious cases, tourists could be fined up to 3,000 euros (£2,660) for breaking the resort’s new rules. READ MORE: ‘Leave the trainers in the cabin’ warns cruise line The rules have been designed to protect the resort’s stunning natural beauty and keep its beaches clean. Tenerife is a leading holiday destination for British tourists, particularly during the winter season. As the Canary Islands are close to the Equator, temperatures remain warm throughout the winter. Fuerteventura, Lanzarote and Gran Canaria are other top choices for Britons looking for Spanish winter sun. Tourists will need to check the local rules in their holiday destination before setting off for their break. In some of the world’s most popular destinations, there are a few rules that might surprise British tourists. Italy’s Amalfi coast draws tourists from all over the world but they’ll need to leave their bikini at the beach. Tourists and residents are banned from wearing a bikini or going topless in some areas on the coast under new laws.