Arsenal fan Laura Woods left fans in stitches on Monday morning as she revelled in the Gunners’ 2-0 Premier League victory over Tottenham on talkSPORT Breakfast. And a picture of her smiling as she interviewed a miserable looking Jamie O’Hara has been shared on social media. Arsenal were in scintillating form during the north London derby on Sunday afternoon as Hugo Lloris put the ball into his own net after 14 minutes, before Martin Odegaard added a second nine minutes before the break. And despite the fact Spurs peppered the Arsenal goal in search of a way back into the match after the interval, the Gunners held firm to secure the victory. The result means Arsenal are now eight points clear of Manchester City at the top of the Premier League table after winning 15 of their 18 matches this season. And Woods was in a celebratory mood as she took to the talkSPORT studio. “As today is blue Monday I’d like to thank @Mrjamieohara1 & Spurs & @laura_woodsy,” wrote @NotJstABlindGuy on Twitter. And @manlikesheltzy added: “@Mrjamieohara1 hey buddy 3 points lane is back. @laura_woodsy please cook him when he’s back. He’s hiding in Dubai and even admitted Arsenal are winning the league.” Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE     But some fans weren’t supportive of Woods as @wazzer_united penned: “Hey @laura_woodsy 6am club was so boring today all you talked about is Arsenal. Come on they haven't won it yet.” And @MattPhabs penned: “Avoid the Arsenal podcast - otherwise known as @talkSPORT with @laura_woodsy this morning! No point listening if you support anyone else other than Arsenal. The bias and then smugness of her will lose TalkSPORT a lot of listeners today.” Arsenal have lost just one match in the Premier League this season after going down to Manchester United in September. Since that defeat, Mikel Arteta’s side have defeated Tottenham twice, as well as Liverpool and Chelsea. DON'T MISSManchester United boss Ten Hag may have pulled off transfer masterstrokeWeghorst had ulterior motive to join Man Utd as revelation comes to lightMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in private   And following their latest victory, Arteta said: “I loved the way we played and the courage we showed to come here and play. Doing our job we can make a lot of people happy and I'm sure we've made Arsenal fans very happy. “It is not for me. Everything we ask they are so willing to try and do. They are a terrific group of players. I think today we went another step. We won last season in big stadiums, but the way we won today was really pleasing to watch. It shows not only determination and courage but you have to have the belief and quality to do it against this team. That is absolutely down to the players.” 