Qatari investors have emerged as potential frontrunners to buy Liverpool from Fenway Sports Group in the coming months. The Reds join Manchester United in searching for a sale in the first quarter of 2023, with realistic suitors expected to publicly come to the fore next month. FSG are eyeing a full-scale takeover at Anfield 13 years after buying Liverpool from unpopular owners George Gillet Jr and Tom Hicks for just £300million. And John W. Henry and co are set to make a mammoth profit from the fee they paid in October 2010, using the £4.25bn a consortium led by Todd Boehly paid for Chelsea as a guideline. According to the Mirror, FSG want a minimum of £4bn to sell Liverpool and have asked Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley to assist with the deal. While the identity and number of prospective buyers are currently unclear, other reports have thrown Qatar's hat into the ring. Qatari journalist Mohammed Saeed Alkaabi claims FSG have given the Arab country 'priority' in the battle to buy Liverpool, and they are 'seriously interested' in a takeover. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Qatar would add to the Premier League's Middle Eastern presence, with Abu Dhabi at the helm of Manchester City and Saudi Arabia buying Newcastle United in October 2021. FSG are understood to be eyeing a sale due to the collapsed European Super League and Chelsea's inflated cost. And the reason will likely be the same for the Glazer family, who are looking for buyers simultaneously. Under FSG's watch, Liverpool have enjoyed an era of success, with the decision to appoint Jurgen Klopp as manager in October 2015 proving to be one of the best in the club's history. The German coach has won everything there is to win on Merseyside, including the Premier League and Champions League. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Ten Hag ready to block Pellistri transfer despite snub  Liverpool fans have often criticised FSG for their 'sell to buy' transfer strategy, while Arsenal, Chelsea, United and Man City heavily invest in their squads. But there can be no disputes over their investment in the six-time European champions. FSG have sanctioned the construction of a new Main Stand and redevelopment of the Anfield Road Stand. Liverpool have also swapped Melwood for a new, state-of-the-art training facility in Kirby under their ownership. That said, the prospect of Qatar purchasing the Reds and the funding that would likely follow is bound to excite supporters. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here