According to Stephen Hankinson, Managing Director at Electric Radiators Direct, one of the first steps to reduce energy bill costs may be “identifying any potential bad habits that may seem insignificant, but could actually be adding considerable amounts to your final bill at the end of the year”. Stephen has shared his top tips on how to fix these bad habits to make “consistent savings”. Setting the thermostat too high is one bad habit households may be making, Stephen said. He continued: “One of the hardest things about winter is the cold mornings, and many of us tend to set the thermostat a little higher to avoid the discomfort of getting out of a warm bed and into a cold room. “But the cost of doing this can really add up quickly if you’re not careful. According to research, lowering your central heating thermostat setting by one degree, from 19 to 18, could lead to a 1,530 kWh saving per household per year. “At current prices this could be a saving of around £140 on your energy bill. READ MORE: Five ‘easy’ methods to prevent condensation, dampness and mould “If you want to go a step further to accurately understand your energy consumption, then precision thermostats can help you calculate the required heat output in each room of your house. “You can set each room to your desired temperature and every time your digital thermostat notices that heat levels have changed above or below your set point, it will automatically adapt, allowing you to minimise temperature changes and drastically reduce your energy costs.” Forgetting to turn the heating off is another common mistake that could be easily avoided to help households save money. “Aside from remembering to switch off the heating when you leave, smart solutions such as smart thermostats can come in handy too,” Stephen suggested. DON'T MISS:Mould will ‘vanish’ from bathroom sealant and grout with 95p spray [TIPS]‘Basic steps’ to follow when pruning wisteria for ‘healthy’ branches [EXPERT]‘Fastest solutions’ to fix a toilet that ‘won’t flush’ [INSIGHT] “Smart thermostats connect your heating system to the internet, allowing you to change the temperature or switch your heating off on your smartphone or other device when you're out and about. “These can help you save money as you can remotely switch off your heating if you forget, and switch your heating on and off to suit you. “This is especially handy if you are at home at different times throughout the week, and a standard heating program may not suit your lifestyle. “Although the up-front cost of one of these - which typically range from £135 to £200 - may seem high at first, according to The Eco Experts, these types of smart devices could potentially save you between 14 percent and 31 percent in energy costs.” READ MORE: Five ‘effective’ tips to keep your home ‘warmer for longer’ for less Stephen explained that this means the average household could knock around £560 off their bill in a year. “Factoring in the upfront cost, you may start seeing some savings after around four months, so you may want to consider the investment for the long-term benefit if you can,” the expert added. “Another potential solution to this problem is smart electric radiators, which come with built-in smart features and have app compatibility that allows you to pair your radiator with your phone and manage your heating system wherever you are.” Another potential bad habit some people might be making is washing clothes at high temperatures. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Stephen said: “Many are aware of that our washing machines and other electrical appliances can use quite a bit of energy, but did you know that if you start washing your clothes at 40 degrees or lower, you may be able to save about 70 kWh per year, or about £23 a year on your bills?” Furthermore, the expert concluded that using outdated appliances could also be adding to a household’s bill unnecessarily. “Keeping hold of old washing machines or other appliances that are not as energy efficient as modern alternatives may end up costing you significantly in the long run,” he said. “For instance, running an outdated refrigerator might cost you up to 1,000 kWh per year, which, based on current prices, equates to up to £340.”