A woman who made a Facebook post claiming she was the victim of an Asian grooming gang has been convicted of perverting the course of justice. Eleanor Williams, 22, from Walney Island, uploaded images of herself with injuries and alleged she was groomed, trafficked and beaten in a viral Facebook post in May 2020. The post, which received the attention of ex-English Defence League leader Tommy Robinson, was shared more than 100,000 times. Robinson, who later served as an advisor to former UKIP leader Gerard Batten, subsequently led protests in Williams' home town of Barrow-in-Furness in Cumbria. According to the Guardian, demonstrations took a turn as a curry house had its windows smashed and a Muslim takeaway owner was chased down the street by men who poured alcohol over his head. However, Preston Crown Court heard that Williams' account was fiction and that she had inflicted the injuries onto herself with a hammer. A jury yesterday found guilty of eight counts of doing acts tending and intending to pervert the course of justice. Jurors took three hours and 29 minutes to reach their verdicts following the 10-week trial. MailOnline has claimed Williams stared straight ahead as the verdicts were returned. JUST IN: Woman, 60, sexually assaulted in field in Tameside last night as police hunt for attacker   The 22-year-old previously pleaded guilty to one count of perverting the course of justice at an earlier hearing. Her previous plea was in relation to contacting her sister and mother with requests for them to take a hammer to her solicitor. Honorary Recorder of Preston Judge Robert Altham adjourned sentencing until March 13 and 14. Williams was found by officers near her home on Teasdale Road in May 2020 with injuries which she alleged were inflicted by the gang after she was taken to a house in the town and raped. READ MORE: Police launch murder probe after human remains found on New Year's Eve in Harlow pond The prosecution argued Williams inflicted the injuries onto herself with a hammer. The hammer was found with her blood on close by. Some of the people who Williams made allegations about were real and others did not exist, the prosecution claimed. Business owner Mohammed Ramzan, who Williams alleged had groomed her since the age of 12, gave evidence during the trial. He told defending KC Louise Blackwell: "Don't you think you have put my life through enough hell, or your client has?" DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry 'bitterly jealous' of William and Kate - commentator [OPINION] Prince Harry and Meghan 'hurt' as new Netflix show flops [REVEALED] Royal expert picks huge hole in Prince Harry's leak claims [LATEST]  Another man accused of rape by Williams, Jordan Trengove, told the court: "It can ruin your life and it has ruined mine." Prosecuting KC Jonathan Sanford said the incident was a "finale" to a series of false allegations made by the 22-year-old. Addressing the jury in his closing speech, he said: "The defendant goes online to her social media contacts and effectively finds random names on the internet she presents as being victims of trafficking or perpetrators." However, Williams denied telling a "pack of lies" to police and the jury during her evidence. She claimed: "I wanted people to know what was going on in Barrow, still is going on."