Mike Tindall, 44, sent his Instagram followers into a frenzy as he uploaded a series of pictures modelling his wife Zara’s fascinator. The I'm a Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here! star posed up a storm to show off the light blue headpiece Princess Anne’s daughter donned to Magic Millions during their trip to Australia. In the snaps, Mike could be seen pouting and smizing as he quipped in the caption: “Just for all the fascinator fans out there @magicmillions @magicmillionspolo.” Mike’s post soon attracted a plethora of replies from bemused friends and followers. His I’m A Celeb campmate and Coronation Street actress Sue Cleaver responded: “Give it back Michael.” Online user Sspencerwolff joked: “It’s attractive but would need to match your shirt to make you a viable contender for official fashionista status.” READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan friendship with Hollywood A-listers at 'risk' Anthonycjohn65 said: “Love you, guys! Becoming more personable to us makes you more loveable! We love you all.” Coach_potter_knapp added: “These photos are always the best! Zara has beautiful taste!” The social media update comes after Mike teased his new YouTube series, Mike Drop, which will see the former rugby player discuss his love of horses with other sporting figures. In one of the episodes, Mike is set to speak to Zara, who is an Olympic equestrian and patron of Magic Millions Racing Women, about their shared passion. The teaser shows a smiling Mike greeting his other half, saying: “Hello my love.” “How much have Katie and Gerry done for horse racing?” the sporting star then asks. Zara responds: “The people they bring together, the different sports they’re involved in, and all disciplines are reaping the benefit of their passion, their support and their love for horses. “It really is a showcase for the world. Work hard and play hard – but that’s what Australia is about isn’t it?” DON'T MISS...Ruth Langsford reacts as Rylan-Clark uses Eamon Holmes' stairlift [LATEST]Liz Hurley, 57, struggles to contain assets as they spill out of dress [PICTURES]Holly Willoughby’s Dancing on Ice dress slammed 'It's a family show' [TV] The couple were seen putting on a loved up display at the event, which took place during their trip to the Gold Coast. Zara and Mike, who share three children, were giggling and kissing, with Zara even poking her tongue out in one cheeky snap. Mike also has a podcast, The Good, The Bad and The Rugby, where he previously shared the Royal Family’s reaction to his appearance on I’m A Celebrity. He revealed he had a conversation with his wife's cousin Prince William, who is also first in line to the throne. Mike said: "You don't want to upset anyone. I spoke to the Prince of Wales about it and he said 'Great, go have fun'." He added that although he had not been told what he could or could not reveal about the Firm, he decided to keep "conversations short" to protect the family's privacy. Mike came fourth in the ITV reality show, which took place in autumn 2022.