The prize fund rate is increasing from three percent to 3.15 percent in the February draw. The odds of winning remain at 24,000 to 1 for each £1 Bond but many more prizes have been added to the draw. Other top cash prizes include £100,000, £50,000 and £25,000. Bond holders are entered into the monthly draw rather than getting an interest rate on their savings as with a conventional savings account. Customers can find out if they are due any winnings using the prize checker tool on the NS&I website. The tool works by a person inputting their holder’s number. It will then tell them if they have any uncollected prizes, from the latest prize draw or from previous draws. A person can find their holder’s number on their Bond record or by logging into their account. READ MORE: TSB increases interest rates on savings accounts and launches new offer of up to £260  Ms Pledge had about £15,000 in Bonds at the start of last year and has been heavily investing in the scheme over the past year, and now has £25,000. Between February 2022 and January 2023, she has won several times, bagging £275 in total. Her winnings include four wins in the last six months alone. Winners in the monthly draw are chosen randomly, with each £1 Bond having an equal chance of winning, so the more Bonds a person has the better their chance of winning. Ms Pledge chose to reinvest her winnings in buying more Bonds to increase her chances of winning again. READ MORE: 'Tried-and-tested' tips for cutting food shop as high food prices 'can't be undone easily'  She said: “If you’re in a regular savings account, to get the really high percentages, you have to not touch it for a year or longer. “Whereas Premium Bonds, you can take it out whenever you fancy. Putting funds back in, you do have to wait that extra month for it to be live again, but I wouldn’t have just Premium Bonds. “Now the interest rates are up, it’s worth having a savings account if you have enough money for it on the side. “But it’s like a free lottery. I don’t know why you wouldn’t do it. I know the chances are small of winning £1million, but there is a chance, and it’s costing you nothing. It feels like a no-brainer.” The base interest rate set by the Bank of England is currently 3.5 percent, with the Bank to meet this week to discuss changing the base rate again. Ms Pledge said she checks if she has won each month using the prize checker app, and that her Bonds are easy to manage. Her winnings are usually for amounts such as £25, £50 or £100, while her partner won £1,500 one month last year. Ms Pledge said it’s a very challenging time to be saving up for a house. She commented: “Obviously it's incredibly difficult to save for most. “I had some inheritance to get me started and a wage increase, which finally allowed me to seriously start saving but it's almost impossible to do so these days if you're earning less than £50,000 a year. “And even if you do earn that, mortgages are unaffordable currently. Rent is cheaper - which it never used to be.”