Ferrari star Charles Leclerc has lifted the lid on the fact he and Lewis Hamilton discuss fashion behind the scenes. Leclerc enjoyed an incredible start to the 2022 F1 season as he won two of the opening three Grands Prix. But he ultimately finished second in the Drivers’ Championship standings behind Red Bull ace Max Verstappen. Mercedes superstar Hamilton is well-known for his fashion sense and can often be seen wearing extravagant outfits on race weekends. But Leclerc is also getting in on the action after starting his own fashion project, before putting it to one side. “I started a project, but I've since stopped it,” the Monegasque driver told La Gazzetta dello Sport. “Hopefully, I can pick it up again in the future. Sometimes we (Lewis and I) discuss clothing brands we like. He has good taste and a lot of guts to show off the weirdest looks when he's at the track. “I don't feel comfortable [on the catwalk]. Too many people stare at me. However, I do enjoy watching shows and I like to observe the more unusual garments. I was at the Ferrari Style show in Milan last year and Armani before that.” READ MORE: Helmut Marko warns of Lewis Hamilton and George Russell 'fear'  Leclerc also admitted that fashion offers a way “to express yourself without saying a word.” And he added: “I realised this when I started travelling all over the world thanks to Formula 1 and visited countries and cities that I had never known before. “I realised that being well dressed can have a different meaning in different cultures and traditions. At that time fashion really started to interest me, about 2017, although I had always liked it. I started to visit fashion shows and then I became a very satisfied customer of Giorgio Armani, after getting more and more in contact with those environments.” DON'T MISSRussell confirms 'conversations have been had' over hated F1 rule [INSIGHT]George Russell issues FIA warning over important F1 safety problem [ANALYSIS]Mercedes told to keep W13 feature as George Russell's wishlist emerges [COMMENT]   Leclerc bagged 11 podium finishes last year and went on to taste victory at the Austrian Grand Prix in July following his early-season victories in Bahrain and Australia. But he was outwitted by Verstappen, who got his hands on his second consecutive F1 championship after winning a remarkable 15 Grands Prix. Hamilton, meanwhile, endured a dismal season after Mercedes suffered porpoising issues with their car following a major redesign in the wake of regulation changes last winter. The 38-year-old Briton could only muster a sixth-place finish overall after failing to win a single race throughout the season. He did, however, finish on the podium on nine occasions and will be hoping to launch an assault on the F1 title once again this year. 