Taking years off your age does not have to be expensive. In fact, it is possible to look younger with just a few simple diet changes. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to LOXA BEAUTY Dietitian Johanna Angman about how women can eat their way to younger looking skin. Johanna's first tip was to stock up on oily fish, as they contain anti-ageing properties. She stated: "Oily fish, including sardines, mackerel, salmon and herring, are loaded with omega-3 fatty acids that prevent oxidative stress, thanks largely to their heavy antioxidant profile." Antioxidants are molecules that fight free radicals, compounds that can cause harm if their lives become too high in the body. According to Medical News Today, consuming antioxidants can improve the look of your skin by slowing down the signs of ageing, as well as cell damage. READ MORE: Supermodels share the 'anti-ageing weapons' that keep them young  The expert added: "Oily fish also provides protein that boosts collagen and elastin. "Increased production of collagen and elastin promotes plump and elastic skin." Collagen plays a vital role in the structure of the skin, providing a rigidity and strength which helps stop it from sagging. Elastin gives the skin elasticity, keeping it supple, bouncy and flexible. Johanna's next tip was to use olive oil - and not sparingly - explaining that it's brimming with skin benefits. She said: "Extra virgin oil is chock-a-block with tocopherols, beta-carotene and phenolic compounds. "These all have antioxidant properties that neutralize free radicals and prevent oxidative damage." Unsurprisingly, the expert also advised mature women to stock up on their fruits and veggies. READ MORE: Get rid of wrinkles and 'look significantly younger' with face yoga  She told Express.co.uk: "Eat at least two cups of fruits and vegetables daily. "Fruits and vegetables are a powerhouse of antioxidants that prevent free radicals from flooding your system. "Free radicals are a perfect recipe for oxidative stress, which promotes premature skin ageing." According to BBC Good Food, it is possible to "eat your way to fabulous skin" by incorporating more fruit and veg into your diet. The website explained: "Beta-carotene, found in orange fruit and vegetables such as carrots, sweet potatoes and pumpkins, and lutein, found in kale, papaya and spinach, are both important for normal skin cell development and healthy skin tone." Finally, for those hoping to take years off their skin age, LOXA BEAUTY'S Johanna recommended going easy on the coffee. "When it comes to caffeine consumption, moderation should be the key. "Consuming large amounts of caffeine can lead to dehydration which promotes a plethora of skin issues, including dry skin, discolouration and premature ageing." Water is a fabulous anti-ageing drink as flushes out toxins, prevents acne, reduces puffiness and promotes gut health, which in turn can mean clearer skin.