Father Brown continues this afternoon (January 17) on BBC One at 1.45pm. The forthcoming episode is called The Gardeners of Eden and will see a famous celebrity florist revisiting their birthplace of Kembleford. The instalment will see the florist make a comeback as she announces she is suffering from a terminal illness with not long left on this mortal coil. She will then force her daughter and niece to vie for her vast inherit and impress her with a series of lavish cocktail parties and events. At one of these decadent events, one villager will be popping their clogs after being poisoned. However, as always murder will be afoot with Father Brown (played by Mark Williams) quickly on the case to get to the bottom of the matter. READ MORE: Bunty Windermere isn't in the new series of Father Brown Octavia Eden - Elaine Paige National treasure Elaine Paige takes on the role of the celebrity florist Octavia Eden, who created Coronation Chicken and did the flowers for the royal wedding, and whose arrival back in Kembleford causes much chaos. Paige is no stranger to viewers as an award-winning singer, actress, producer and radio producer with a career spanning since the 1960s. She is best known for her West End musical theatre works in Evita, Cats, Chess, Anything Goes and Sunset Boulevard, among many others. Lead star Williams hailed Paige’s performance in Father Brown: “She returns to her roots in Kembleford with her daughter and niece after announcing her impending death on the radio. “It was so lovely working with Elaine Paige. She's incredible. We made sure we came to set the day she was there! Lizzy - Jasmine Hyde Jasmine Hyde takes on the role of Octavia’s daughter Lizzy, who will be competing to create a unique botanical-based beverage to win over her mother. Hyde has appeared in Tell Me Everything, Wonder Woman 1984, The Last Letter from Your Lover, Angel Has Fallen, This England and The Lazarus Project. Noele - Kaye Wragg Kaye Wragg plays Octavia’s niece Noele, who will also be trying to her the family inheritance as she competes with her cousin. Wragg’s preivous roles include The Bill, Where in the Blood, Holly City, No Angels and Young Dracula. Mr Mulch - Philip Martin Brown Philip Martin Brown is Kembleford villager and Octavia’s gruff neighbour Mr Mulch, who attends the cocktail party only to drop down dead moments later. Brown has appeared in Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, Sleepy Hollow, The Bounty, The Worst Witch Darkest Hour and Doctors. Marjorie - Rosalind March Rosalind March portrays Marjorie Mulch, the long-suffering wife of the murder victim who becomes the chief suspect. March counts credits in Doctors, Holly City, Feel Good on Channel 4, The Things We Do and Calendar Girls. DON'T MISS...Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [INSIGHT]John Lydon shares heartbreaking health update on wife [VIDEO]Prince Harry’s threats to Royal Family are ‘tantamount to blackmail’ [ANALYSIS] Brenda - Ruby-May Martinwood Ruby-May Martinwood is Brenda again, who will be helping to solve the case following her time in Borstal. Martinwood has also starred in Taboo, Death in Paradise, Mr Wong’s Lullaby and Round My Way. Mrs Devine - Claudie Blakley Claudie Blakley again plays Father Brown’s assistant Mrs Devine, who will be thrilled to meet her idol Octavia.  Father Brown airs on BBC One today at 1.45pm