Although Emmerdale favorite Leyla (played by Roxy Shahidi) only married Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson) in 2021, they faced a difficult start to marriage and earlier in 2022 decided to get a divorce. However, recovering drug addict Leyla had hopes of reuniting with Liam after they enjoyed some of the festive season together. During Saturday's New Year's eve episode, however, Leyla poured her heart out to Liam, who didn't seem to reciprocate her feelings. As she walked away, heartbroken, fans of the ITV soap "predicted" the rejection could spark a relapse in the troubled character. As the villagers gathered to see in the new year, Leyla made a late appearance to The Woolpack. She was greeted by Liam, whom she opened up to about their divorce. "Hello, I was beginning to think you wouldn't make it," Liam smiled as he spotted his ex. "I nearly didn't actually, I've been going mad thinking about whether I should show up or stay away," Leyla replied. As Liam asked why, she admitted: "I wasn't sure if you meant it, you know. READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau's Dick Strawbridge tells wife 'to go' "If you really wanted me here. But it's five minutes to midnight and I am not going to let this year slip away without saying this. "Yesterday, you know, the whole family thing - me and you and the dinner. "Didn't it make you think that maybe, just maybe, we are rushing into this?" She went on to ask a confused-looking Liam: "Do you really want a divorce?" Liam's expression immediately showed he had been caught off-guard by Leyla's statement. Looking baffled, he responded: "Leyla, it was just play-acting, for Jacob's (Gallagher, Joe-Warren Plant) friend." "Yeah, but it was play-acting that got us together," a hopeful Leyla pointed out. "True, true," Liam agreed, before adding: "But... I'm not sure anyone's ready for the sequel yet, are they?" Leyla appeared mortified as Liam continued: "Look, just stay there a second. Let me just get us some drinks, alright?" As Liam disappeared to get the drinks, a heartbroken Leyla simply walked away. DON'T MISS... Coleen Nolan fumes Denise Welch 'doesn't listen' in Loose Women clash [VIDEO]EastEnders fans baffled by character's absence following Mick's death [LATEST]Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield branded 'hypocrites' [REACTION] Fans tuned into the episode immediately took to social media to express their sympathies and concern for Leyla. Many thought the upsetting rejection might lead Leyla back to her drug habit. Twitter user @RyanTheSoapking wrote: "I felt sorry for Leyla tonight. I hope she doesn't relapse again #Emmerdale." @penniless_poet added: "Ffs Liam - don't push Leyla into the arms of Dim Dave - not for round two please!!!!! #emmerdale." (sic) @Tonguetwisteruk predicted: "#Emmerdale I think Leyla could be heading for another fall." "Oh no poor Leyla #emmerdale," domain_harry posted alongside a heartbreak emoji. @EnfieldGarry commented: "Oh Leyla don’t walk off. #Emmerdale." @paulineburke6 shared: "What does Leyla see in Liam? He's a prize p**ck! #Emmerdale." Leyla faced a tough year with her addiction. The summer saw her turning to cocaine during her marriage breakdown. With Leyla feeling lonelier than ever, it's possible 2023 could see her heading down the dark route again following Liam's rejection. Will she be able to get the help she needs? Emmerdale continues on Monday at 7.30pm on ITV. 