  Scottish actor Gerard Butler, 53, has opened up about how he accidentally burnt himself with phosphoric acid whilst filming his new film, Plane. The 300 star appeared on US chat show Late Night with Seth Meyers on Wednesday, where he recalled the terrifying ordeal.      The Hollywood actor recalled how shooting one particularly crucial scene for the new action-thriller led to an unexpected medical emergency. He told talk show host Seth, 49, how had been filming on a plane in Puerto Rico when things started to go seriously wrong. "I'm trying to find something that's wrong with the plane before we can take off for this final sequence and it's something in the wheel, so it's a brake,” he explained. “So, I'm sticking my hand between these two wheels, pretending I know what I'm doing. READ MORE: Alex Jones on 'losing' her husband as he became 'shadow of himself'     “And whatever's in there, every time I bring my hands up, they're covered in blood and green fluid. “We're also shooting in Puerto Rico so I'm covered in sweat,” he revealed. “I must have been rubbing my face, and suddenly, it's in my throat, it's in my mouth. “It's up my nose, it's in my eyes, it's burning my face. And I mean burning."       Later on, Gerard discovered that he had put what is "essentially phosphoric acid" on his face. According to Healthline, phosphoric acid is dangerous if you come into contact with it as a chemical substance. The publication explains: “The toxic fumes can irritate your skin, eyes, and respiratory system.” It is actually a “colourless, odourless crystal”, according to the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH), and small amounts can be found in products like soft drinks to give them a tangy flavour. READ MORE... Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss [INSIGHT] Lisa Marie Presley slurs words at Golden Globes just before death [NEWS] Lisa Marie Presley, 54, dies two days after Golden Globes appearance [NEWS]      Speaking about his terrifying ordeal, Gerard continued: "The airline pilots that were there watching were yelling, 'Don't put water (on it), it will make it worse!'. “It was intense. It actually burned for hours," the actor admitted, before going on to explain how he was fine once he received attention from medics. 2023 movie Plane follows a pilot (Gerard) who finds himself caught in a war zone after he's forced to land his commercial aircraft when it's struck by lightning during a terrible storm. Described by Lionsgate as a “white-knuckle action movie,” the film starts with a crash landing on Jolo Island.      However, as the movie’s poster states, “the crash was only the beginning”, and the rest of the film sees Gerard’s character Brodie Torrance attempt to protect his passengers and crew as they are taken hostage by terrorists. He also finds help from unlikely hero Louis Gaspare (Mike Colter) - a passenger on the plane who was being extradited for murder. Plane, which also stars Lilly Krug and Tony Goldwyn, opens in UK cinemas on January 27.   