Donald Trump has warned the United States is on the "brink" of entering World War Three as he kickstarted his third successive election campaign. The ex-POTUS was joined by leading Governor Henry McMaster and Senator Lindsey Graham in South Carolina.  However, some leading Palmetto State Republicans, including ex-UN Ambassador Nikki Haley and Senator Tim Scott, snubbed Mr Trump's invitation to attend his event in Columbia. Speaking in front of up to 500-invited attendees, the 76-year-old said: "Through weakness and incompetence, Joe Biden has brought us to the brink of World War Three. "We are at the brink of World War Three if anybody doesn't know it. "As President, I will bring back peace through strength, peace through strength, it would never happen. JUST IN: Donald Trump 'promising things he can't deliver' as GOP insider predicts 'crushing' defeat  "If I was President, there would not have been a war with Russia and Ukraine, a zero chance." Trump then claimed he could arrange a peace deal between Kyiv and Moscow within 24 hours and pledged to create "missile defence shields" to protect Americans from nuclear weapons. The former POTUS also said: "Joe Biden has put America on the fast track to ruin and destruction, and we will ensure he does not receive four more years." Mr Trump's visit to South Carolina came just hours after he addressed Grand Old Party officials in New Hampshire. READ MORE: Donald Trump more 'angry and committed' than ever as ex-POTUS kickstarts 2024 campaign  The ex-President is the only Republican to officially enter the race for the White House. However, other GOP figures have hinted at entering the race, including Florida's Governor Ron DeSantis. Mr Trump is not the only Republican who has suggested he could end Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine. Representative Troy Nehls, a vocal critic of US military aid to the ex-Soviet state and former tank commander, urged Biden to reach out to his predecessor to end the conflict. DON'T MISS:Ron DeSantis Presidency would prioritise ‘EU over UK [SPOTLIGHT]Republicans ready for 'war' as Biden in ‘ugly’ situation [INSIGHT]Mike Pence 'not ready' to go toe-to-toe with Donald Trump in GOP primary, ex-aide warns [REVEALED]  He told Fox News: "Joe Biden, you need to call Donald Trump. Donald Trump will call Vladimir Putin and end this war. "We must stop this war, and Donald Trump can do it." However, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov also appeared to side with the 45th POTUS on the issue of Ukraine as he claimed similar remarks made by Trump were "not far away from the truth". He added: "Indeed, should the US President wish to put an end to this conflict, he could do it very quickly, using the opportunity to simply give instructions to the Kyiv regime." 