Hard to know which has had a trickier time of it; the presenter who once punched a producer’s lights out for failing to deliver a hot meal after a hard day’s filming (well, we’ve all done that); or the middle-of-the-road network which currently seems to be swerving violently from one side of the carriageway to the other. Let’s start with Radio 2. To misquote Oscar Wilde: to lose one presenter may be regarded as a misfortune; to lose four looks like carelessness. Vanessa Feltz, Paul O’Grady, Steve Wright, and now Ken Bruce – combined average age, 66 – gone. In just the space of a few weeks, too. All hugely popular hosts and pretty much-guaranteed ratings winners. Bruce, who unusually for the languid, laid-back Scot, sensationally announced his departure live on his own show on Tuesday, seems, by general consensus, to have jumped before he was pushed. Wright made it clear his own sudden departure was not his decision. Feltz piled in much harder: she accused Radio 2 bosses of a “merciless chasing of younger audiences” and said their attitude to older presenters and listeners is: “You’re too old, you’re too staid, you’re too middle-class, you’re too middle-aged.” Of course, another way of saying the same thing is: “Radio 2 must look to the future.” Just as a carmaker must judge the moment to discontinue a much loved, bestselling marque and replace it with a new design, so broadcasting factories such as Radio 2 must pick the moment to re-tool and relaunch their output. That means ditching presenters. Harsh, unpopular and ungrateful, but as the young new pretenders will learn one day – it’s an endless cycle. Now: Clarkson. Love him or loathe him, the guy’s a gifted broadcaster and columnist. Central to his appeal is his willingness to step right up to the line and frequently cross it, flicking a firm two-fingers up in all directions.  Broadcasters and publishers love people like this. They create “noise”, spark debate, grab attention – and crucially, sell advertising. Clickbait. But it’s a high-wire strategy and Clarkson finally tumbled off the tightrope with his appalling attack on Meghan Markle in an article for the Sun newspaper. He called for her to be paraded naked through the streets and pelted with excrement. Dear God, Jeremy, what were you thinking? (Maybe not much: when I first read his uncharacteristically rambling remarks I genuinely wondered if he’d had one too many Christmas sherbets). This week, Clarkson issued a second, grovelling apology for his comments. “I REALLY am sorry… from the balls of my feet to the follicles on my head... it’s a mea culpa with bells on.” It may be too late: broadcasters are reported to be quietly backing away. I hope not, and I hope Clarkson doesn’t lose his whole career over this – because we all screw up. But he may be learning a timeless lesson: words are like swords. And he who lives by the sword...  ARGGHH! Or should that be “ATICHOO!”? Six weeks I’ve had this winter cold. SIX WEEKS. Many of you will be in the same festering boat. A sore throat that mutates into a cough, then a much swamped upper respiratory nightmare of blocked ears, nose, and yes, MORE coughing, that goes on and on and on. Oh – and nosebleeds. Lots of them, too. Experts say that after years of Covid lockdowns our herd immunity is low and we’re wide open to repeated infections that three years ago we would have easily thrown off. Makes sense. As does this: NEVER LOCKDOWN AGAIN! My parents were divided in opinion over who was the more beautiful – Gina Lollobrigida, who died earlier this week, or Sophia Loren. They had quite fierce arguments about it. For me, it was Loren. I interviewed her once. “Is it true,” I asked the star, “that you once said ‘Everything you see, I owe to spaghetti’?” She flicked a perfectly enamelled tooth with a perfectly manicured fingernail. “Only if it was al dente,” she lazily replied. I still don’t quite know what she meant by that, but who cares? My parents were divided in opinion over who was the more beautiful – Gina Lollobrigida, who died earlier this week, or Sophia Loren. They had quite fierce arguments about it. For me, it was Loren. I interviewed her once. “Is it true,” I asked the star, “that you once said ‘Everything you see, I owe to spaghetti’?” She flicked a perfectly enamelled tooth with a perfectly manicured fingernail. “Only if it was al dente,” she lazily replied. I still don’t quite know what she meant by that, but who cares? I moaned on GMB about my loathing for January as the dreariest month in the calendar and was smartly admonished by my co-host Susanna Reid. “It’s a lovely month. Full of hope... and daffodils!” Hours later Judy and I rolled up to our home in Cornwall to be greeted by dozens of nodding daffodils in our garden, and hope sprang again. Daffodils have a long tradition of altering perceptions. Sir Laurence Olivier once summoned John Lennon to discuss adapting The Beatles’ books of surreal poetry into a play. Unwisely, the great actor insisted on discussing legal contracts. Lennon stared levelly at him. “Don’t cha have people you pay to talk about things like this to talk about things like this with people I pay to talk about things like this?” A sentence like ticker-tape. Afterwards, Olivier ill-temperedly flicked open one of Lennon’s books. “Listen to this nonsense... ‘I wandered humbly as a sock’!” Someone explained that the line was John’s parody of “I wandered lonely as a cloud”. “What?” Olivier exploded. “You mean to tell me that a Beatle has heard of Wordsworth? Of Daffodils?” Then he stretched out a hand. “Help me... I have fallen into the generation gap.”