Meghan Markle allegedly broke rules on accepting gifts when she became a royal. Members of the Royal Family should not accept presents which might appear to place them under any obligation to the donor, according to official Palace guidelines. In his memoir, Spare, Prince Harry says of Meghan: "She shared all the freebies she received, clothes and perfumes and make-up, with all the women in the office." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been approached for comment. It is not the first time questions have been raised about the Duchess's acceptance of presents while a working member of the Royal Family. Royal expert Camilla Tominey, writing in the Telegraph, has said when Meghan first "came on the scene" she expected to "keep some of the dresses" she had been loaned. Under the rules, gifts offered by businesses in the UK should "normally be declined", unless they are offered as a souvenir of an official visit to the enterprises' premises, to mark a royal marriage or other special personal occasion. The rules also say when gifts are accepted, the consent of the member of the Royal Family should depend on the business not exploiting the gift for commercial purposes. Gifts should "always be returned" unless it is not justified to do so due to the cost. However, if such presents are not returned, they should then be treated as official gifts, the rules state. READ ABOUT A REAL LIFE CHAMBER OF SECRETS Official gifts are not the private property of the royal who receives them, but are received on behalf of the monarch. The rules stipulate they should be traceable "wherever possible". Royal author Valentine Low in his 2021 book, Courtiers, claimed palace sources said clashes between Meghan and her assistant Melissa Toubati centred around free gifts some companies would send the Duchess. Mr Low wrote: "Toubati was apparently punctilious in following the household rule that members of the Royal Family cannot accept freebies from commercial organisations. Her approach did not go down well with Meghan." The Sun reported in 2021 that there were rows when the former Suits actor was told by palace aides that keeping clothes sent by fashion labels was against royal protocol. DON'T MISS: Harry mocked again by Jimmy Kimmel with 'Prince and Penis' book [REVEALED] Prince William makes surprise visit to charity without Kate [REPORT] Prince Harry 'speechless' after asking Queen to marry Meghan [LATEST] A source told the publication: "As an actress it was perfectly acceptable to take freebies sent by fashion chains and designer labels. "But Meghan had to be told it was not the done thing when you are a member of the Royal Family." So while Prince Harry may seek to portray his wife's generosity in relation to "freebies" in Spare, he could have unwittingly confirmed reports the Duchess broke royal rules. Ms Tominey said: "If it were true, it would amount to a serious breach of the rules on the receiving and registering of gifts." Royal commentator Daniela Elser, writing in news.com.uk, said: "Accepting a free cashmere jumper or some fig and bergamot-scented thingumabob is hardly a Tower-worthy offence. "But, what this situation highlights is what looks like the gulf that existed between the Duchess’ view of royal life and palace rigidity and protocol."