Prince Harry has told Good Morning America's Michael Strahan that he doesn’t think “it’s ever going to be possible” to return to his royal role in the UK. The Duke said that the prospect of a return to royal duties looks unlikely, "even if there is an agreement between me and my family". Harry cited a mysterious "third party" that would make the arrangement "unsurvivable". The shocking revelation was one of many to surface in the interview with US breakfast show Good Morning America. In that wide-ranging interview, the Duke spoke about his relationship with Camilla. Speaking to GMA’s Michael Strahan in this morning’s interview, the Duke said: “I have a huge amount of compassion for [Camilla], you know, being the third person within my parents’ marriage." Asked about what his relationship with Camilla is like now, Harry said: “We haven’t spoken for a long time. I love every member of my family, despite the differences, so when I see her we’re perfectly pleasant with each other. "She's my stepmother. I don't look at her as an evil stepmother." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry urged to hand back award for stance on Royal Family racism after U-turn It comes as Prince Harry took part in two interviews on Sunday night to talk about the release of his upcoming memoir, Spare, on January 10. During those interviews, with ITV and CBS, Prince Harry revealed personal details about his life growing up as a royal, and his grievances with family members, the royal institution and British press. One of the most explosive revelations to come out of the interviews related to his late mother, Princess Diana. When he was 20 years old, eight years after her death, Prince Harry requested the police report from his mother's fatal collision. Speaking to Anderson Cooper on 60 minutes, the Duke revealed that he wanted "proof" his mum was in the car on that night. "Proof that she was in the car. Proof that she was injured. And proof that the very paparazzi that chased her into the tunnel were the ones that were taking photographs – photographs of her lying half dead on the back seat of the car." The Duke also attacked the British press for the role he said it has played in Princess Diana's misery. Harry said he had "a lot of anger" built up through the years that he "never expressed to anybody". The Duke also shed light on his relationship with his father. Using an audio clip from his new book, Harry explained the moment his father told him of the tragic news of his mother's death when he was just 12 years old. Speaking to ITV's Tom Bradbury, he said Charles came into his Balmoral bedroom, in a dressing gown, and sat on the edge of his bed and told him "Darling boy, mummy’s been in a car crash". The Duke continued: "You know, my father coming in, in his dressing gown and sharing that news with me, only now as part of writing the book, that I really think about how many hours he’d been awake. And the compassion that I have for him, as a parent having to sit with that for many, many hours, ringing up friends of his, trying to work out, how the hell do I break this to my two sons?" READ MORE: Prince Harry slammed as 'paranoid' and 'unhinged' by Nile Gardiner following US interview "I would like to get my father back, I would like to have my brother back." However, this plea has been met with a degree of scepticism. "This of course could alter the Palace's perception of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. But, for these comments to be taken seriously, they need to be taken sincerely," said PR expert Edward Coram James. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: "I am not convinced that they will. It would perhaps be naive of the Palace to take sincerely a request for reconciliation while the parties requesting reconciliation continue to attack."