Chelsea are reportedly set to make at least two more signings in this window following the acquisition of Mykhaylo Mudryk, according to reports. The Blues are set to confirm the arrival of Mudryk, who will be their fifth incoming this month. Chelsea owner Todd Boehly cannot be criticised for not backing his manager in the transfer market. The American splashed out around £270million in his first window since buying the club last summer. He swiftly sacked Thomas Tuchel but is still going all out to provide Graham Potter with the funds he needs to turn around his team's fortunes. Chelsea have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions heading into Sunday's match at Crystal Palace. Mudryk is set to be at Stamford Bridge after agreeing a seven-year contract, joining for a fee of around £88m. Chelsea have beaten London rivals Arsenal to his signature. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  But that will not be where the transfer business ends. CBS Sports reporter Ben Jacobs claims Chelsea will make at least two more signings after Mudryk. One target is Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo. A January deal cannot be ruled out but Chelsea would have to pay the Seagulls at least £75m for the Ecuador international. Caicedo put in a fine display on Saturday as Brighton beat Liverpool 3-0 at the Amex. But Chelsea could now make their move. Boehly attempted to sign a midfielder earlier in the window, failing to land Benfica's World Cup winner Enzo Fernandez. Recruiting in that position is set to be a priority for the remainder of the window. DON'T MISSLaura Woods fires brutal response to Chelsea fan mocking Arsenal over MudrykChelsea accused of 'bullying' Arsenal for Mudryk as player undergoes medicalMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in private  Chelsea are set to have one of the busiest January's on record. Ivory Coast striker David Datro Fofana was the first to join from Norwegian club Molde. He was followed by France defender Benoit Badiashile and Brazilian youngster Andrey Santos. Joao Felix was the fourth arrival, on loan from Atletico Madrid, with Mudryk set to make it five. But it appears a real possibility that the tally will reach seven by the end of January 31. As well as Caicedo, Chelsea have an interest in PSV star Noni Madueke. The Blues reportedly made an offer of around £26.5m for the England under-21 international earlier this week. PSV want £35m to let him leave in this window.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here