According to the Chinese horoscope, Meghan Markle was born in the year of the Rooster while Kate, Princess of Wales was born in the year of the Dog. 2023 is the year of the Rabbit, but what is the prediction for those two signs? People born in the year of the Rooster, like Meghan Markle, are very observant, hardworking, confident and talented. Roosters are always active and popular within a crowd as they are often very chatty, honest and loyal, but they also like to be the centre of attention. Those born under the Chinese zodiac sign, like the Duchess of Sussex, are very social, love being surrounded by others and enjoy the spotlight. According to China Highlights, in 2023 Roosters "will suffer from opposition to Tai Sui" and their luck may be "unfavourable". READ MORE: Anne & Camilla had 'potential for frostiness' - but now have 'rapport'  However, they should "maintain an optimistic attitude, be prepared to meet various challenges, and put in more effort than last year". The horoscope site predicted that the love fortunes of Roosters will offer a "turning point", and their love life will be "highly enriched". At the beginning of May 2023, when the coronation of King Charles III is set to take place, the Rosteers' fortunes "will be quite turbulent" but their career luck will improve. By the end of May, however, Rooster's overall fortunes will be "relatively stable" but they should work on "improving interpersonal relationships". Those born in the Chinese zodiac year of the Dog, like Kate, Princess of Wales, are honest, loyal, kind and prudent but they can sometimes be a bit stubborn. Dogs are not good at communication, and it is sometimes difficult for them to share their thoughts with others. According to China Highlights, 2023 "is one of ups and downs" with the beginning of the year being "relatively turbulent". Around the time of the coronation in May, Kate may experience "some changes" but she will be "appreciated by leaders due to outstanding performance and may be assigned to participate in new major projects". READ MORE: Meghan wasn't afraid to 'embarrass family' during final days as royal By the end of May, the Dog's luck "will return to a steady state" and "there will not be any big fluctuations". Each person's zodiac sign is decided by their birth year and each year in the cycle is represented by one animal. This cycle repeats every 12 years in this same order: Rat, Ox, Tiger, Rabbit, Dragon, Snake, Horse, Sheep, Monkey, Rooster, Dog and Pig. Therefore, 2018 was the year of the Dog, 2019 the year of the Pig, 2020 the Rat, 2021 the Ox, 2022 the Tiger and 2023 the year of the Rabbit. Years: 1939, 1951, 1963, 1975, 1987, 1999, 2011, 2023 Lucky numbers: Three, four and nine Best matches: Sheep, Monkey, Pig, Dog Avoid: Snake, Rooster