 Members of the Royal Family have hugely important official titles and styles that date back centuries, and it is no different today. But what many fans may not realise is that royals such as the Prince of Wales or Sophie, Countess of Wessex do not just have one name - but several. For example, the King's full and official title is Charles III, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and of his other realms and territories King, Head of the Commonwealth, Defender of the Faith. Meanwhile, various Commonwealth countries give the monarch distinct titles, such as "Paramount Chief" in Fiji and "The White Heron" by the Maori people of New Zealand.  The Royal Family are also known by a number of different names when they are written about in other languages. While Britons would call the King of Spain by his actual name and would not translate it from Felipe to Philip, the same cannot be said for Spanish-speaking countries as they have a whole host of different names for the British royals. The late Queen was known officially as "La Reina Isabel II", which is the Spanish version of Elizabeth. The King is styled as "El Rey Carlos III". The same rules go for other members of the family as they are all known by the Spanish translations of their names.   Prince William is "Principe Guillermo", Prince Harry is "Principe Enrique" and Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis are known as "Jorge", "Carlota" and "Luis". Kate Middleton is named "Catalina" and other royals such as Prince Andrew and Prince Edward are "Andres" and "Eduardo" respectively.  The Spanish King Felipe and Queen Letizia have travelled to the UK several times over the years for state visits as there has always been a close bond between the two Royal Families. The pair recently attended the state funeral of the late Queen at Westminster Abbey, along with the former King Juan Carlos who abdicated in 2014 and Queen Sofia.  Following the late monarch's death, Felipe sent a message to King Charles to pay his respects. The message read: “Your Majesty, dearest Charles, deeply saddened by the sorrowful news of the passing away of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II, your beloved Mother, I would like to offer Your Majesty and the British people, on my behalf and on behalf of the Spanish Government and people, our most heartfelt condolences. “Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth has undoubtedly witnessed, written and shaped many of the most relevant chapters in the history of our world during the last seven decades. "Her sense of duty, commitment and a whole life devoted to serving the people of the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland set an example for all of us and will remain as a solid and valuable legacy for future generations.”  Queen Letizia of Spain shares many similarities with the Princess of Wales. For instance, Letizia was also classed as a "commoner" just like Kate. After two decades in the limelight, Queen Letizia of Spain has proved that she was born for royal life. Similarly, many royal commentators often state that Kate Middleton has more royal tendencies than many members of the Royal Family. But Letizia caused a minor scandal in 1998 by marrying a man 10 years her senior (a teacher who Letizia had met when she was only 16), despite the couple divorcing a year later.