The Dutton civil war is well and truly in full swing heading into the second half of Yellowstone season five. Jamie Dutton (played by Wes Bentley) has officially waged war against John (Kevin Costner) as he threatens to impeach him from his role of Governor while John and Beth (Kelly Reilly) are toying with potentially murderous retaliation to keep him quiet. However, Jamie and his new flame Sarah Atwood (Dawn Olivieri) also appear to have deadly measures on their mind. As the Paramount Network drama heads into the latter half of season five, it’s anyone’s guess who will come out on top between John and Jamie. The pair have devastating ammo on each other, with the slightest whiff of their wrongdoings to law enforcement poised to take them both down for life behind bars. However, Costner may have just given the biggest clue yet that it will indeed be John who emerges victorious by taking Jamie out of the picture. Speaking on Paramount’s Behind the Story, the cast delved into their reactions to the midseason finale impeachment twist and Costner had some rather menacing words. READ MORE: Yellowstone’s Lloyd star hints at ‘anxiety’ struggle over Rip’s exit “Politics is not very healthy,” he began. “You go into it as a public service moment but you’re quickly turned into knots.” Referring to Jamie’s actions specifically, he continued: “Plotting against somebody that raised you… There’s something at play there that it’s not really always comfortable to watch. “They know a lot about each other, Jamie has his fingerprints on a lot.” Dropping a rather murderous clue towards John killing off his adoptive son, Costner added: “It’s a deadly game that’s being played… “And I think Jamie, in his most certain of moments, should be really uncertain,” Costner added with a smirk. Could this be Costner’s way of letting fans know that Jamie with all his newfound cockiness could meet a rather grisly end at the hands of John? It’s not exactly the subtlest of hints, and Bentley also recognises that toying with his character’s adoptive father could end badly for Jamie. “This is the big move. This will be the final breaking point between him and John,” Bentley said in regard to the impeachment move. DON'T MISS:Yellowstone season 5: Ryan star shares hidden meaning in Abby splitYellowstone's Teeter star admits she was 'bummed' over bunkhouse exitYellowstone 1883 family tree explains who James Dutton is to John “I don’t think John, even if he wanted to, could come back from his son challenging him in such a public manner.” Turning his attention to Beth’s threatening words to Jamie and subsequent discovery of the train station, Bentley added: “Beth comes barreling in. Very few people know about the train station. “Jamie’s one of those people and even though it’s a legal dead zone, Jamie understands the law and understands how to get people in trouble. “And when you mess with John Dutton, you’re messing with your own life,” Bentley admitted. Reilly also took part in the interviews and admitted Jamie’s behaviour was “dangerous”. “He’s decided which side he’s on fully and finally,” she said. “She has something against him but he has something much bigger against her father and the way they operate. “That’s the way they do things. It’s not that Beth is innocent, but I do think that it is now going to be used against them by Jamie - and that’s dangerous,” Reilly teased. With many of the cast recognising the potentially deadly repercussions of Jamie’s actions, could the latter half of season five finally kill off one of the show’s most divisive characters? Yellowstone season 5 returns to Paramount Network in the USA and Paramount+ in the UK in Summer of 2023.