Julie Eigenmann is a mum and wife who shares videos about housekeeping, organising and DIY on her TikTok page @julie_eigenmann, as well as writing about travel, home and lifestyle on her blog. With a family to look after, she is no stranger to tackling weekly loads of laundry and says that over the years she has found an alternative to using fabric softener. /latest/cleaning This is particularly true when washing towels if you want "fluffy" and "fresh-smelling" results. In a video posted to her TikTok page, Julie said: "Want to know my secret to fluffy, fresh smelling and absorbent towels? The secret is in how I wash them." She continued: "First I use a non-toxic detergent to ensure zero residue. I use distilled white vinegar instead of fabric conditioners. Fabric conditioners leave chemical residue on towels making them less absorbent. "Distilled white vinegar is a natural fabric softener and a healthier alternative to fabric conditioner." In a comment, Julie added: "I haven't used fabric conditioner for years." READ MORE: Princess Anne formerly lived in Pimlico flat as a newlywed - pictures  The mum shows places half a cup of white vinegar into the machine drum along with her towels. The ingredient has become such a staple for her, she even has a special dispenser of it stored in her laundry room above the washing machine for easy access. You can add between half a cup and one cup of vinegar to a load depending on how large it is. As an added bonus, white vinegar can also kill bacteria. "I wash the towels in a warm or hot cycle," said Julie. "[It] smells so clean and fresh. None of that artificial chemical scent." DON'T MISSTumble dryer alternative is 'much cheaper' but takes months to pay off [EXPLAINER]Grandma's trick to keep laundry smelling nice for '15 to 20 years' [COMMENT]Hand washing tip to transform 'gross' yellow pillows [VIDEO] However, there is a second step for the ultimate fluffy towels. Julie explained: "Call me old fashioned but I like line drying. The sun helps bleach and disinfect the towels. Also, you get to save on electricity however it can cause the towels to feel stiff. "So, what I do is, I line dry it for about 45 minutes or until it is almost dry and then I pop it in the dryer for 20 to 25 minutes on the lowest setting to finish it off." In her mission to eschew chemicals from her laundry, Julie also steers clear of dryer sheets. She explained: "I don't use chemical-laden dryer sheets. Instead, I use wool dryer balls with a couple of drops of essential oils. "And that's it, clean and fluffy towels without the use of harsh chemical laundry products." Her TikTok video has amassed 2.8K "likes" from fans and has also been shared 239 times. One user commented: "Glad to find someone who's not recommending fabric conditioner." Another added: "Love this, soo helpful." [SIC] While some commenters were concerned that vinegar might leave behind a potent smell, Julie assured them this is not the case. In a comment, the video creator said: "Not at all. I use half a cup which is diluted with water during the final rinse."