Eddie Hearn has revealed the ideal three-fight plan for Anthony Joshua in 2023 which could include a clash with Tyson Fury despite Frank Warren insisting that the fight won’t happen this year. The Matchroom Boxing promoter would like to match AJ up against a ‘top 15 guy’ in March or April before a summer showdown with Dillian Whyte and a big end to the year against either Deontay Wilder or Fury. “The plan now is to rebuild him to become a three-time heavyweight world champion. There has to be a plan, a smart plan,” Hearn told the DAZN Boxing Show. “A smart plan is he wants to return against a top 15 guy in a credible fight and return in the summer against probably Dillian Whyte and then move forward against Deontay Wilder or Tyson Fury in a mega-fight in the ultimate 2023. To me, the key here is to see him box three times this year.” But Warren insists that Joshua is unlikely to feature in the Gypsy King’s plans after the frustrating breakdown in negotiations for their December 3 bout. “I can’t see him [Joshua] feature in anything Tyson is doing in his next couple of fights,” Warren told Seconds Out. “Tyson was p***ed off with what went on and the time we wasted so we are where we are with that.” A possible clash against Wilder has also been met with stark resistance from critics with retired British heavyweight David Price warning AJ to steer clear of the Bronze Bomber. Price believes that another loss could end Joshua’s career and would like to see him built back up properly before even entertaining the contest. “I’d have to say Wilder," Price told iD Boxing. "I just think he’s less emotionally damaged especially after his win over Robert Helenius, it was back to normal for him. Back to business whereas Joshua is more of a thinker and puts more pressure on himself to perform.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua tipped not to insert 'interesting clause' in trainer's contract Joshua urged to snub Jones and end US tour as 'mad' idea put forward Anthony Joshua given brutal wake-up call by Garcia ahead of return He added: “I’d build back up, one more defeat could be a disaster for him. The Dillian Whyte fight makes sense… then he can look at fighting maybe [Tyson] Fury, Wilder, there’s loads of good fights out there.” Meanwhile, prospective trainer Roy Jones Jr admitted he would delay the Wilder fight if he was given the job as Joshua's new head coach. “He can’t go into a Deontay Wilder fight after losing two fights to Usyk. That doesn’t make any sense at all,” he told iD Boxing. “Now if you find someone who isn’t quite the puncher that Wilder is, get yourself back and back to winning. “Then, you can get comfortable to the adjustments that your new trainer will make you make. Once you get comfortable with those adjustments then you fight Wilder because hopefully those adjustments have made you better and you’ve got confidence then you can get in the ring with Wilder because you probably can beat Wilder." Joshua is set to return in March or April at the O2 Arena, London following back-to-back losses to Oleksandr Usyk. Whyte was believed to be the frontrunner but with Hearn suggesting that the rematch might be saved for the summer, Otto Wallin would likely lead the pack. The big Swede recently confirmed that Hearn has been in regular contact with his promoter Dmitry Salita.