The hot topic of discussion on Wednesday's Loose Women was Prince Harry, who is set to release his tell-all book, Spare, next week. A snippet of the Duke of Sussex's book was reportedly leaked ahead of its launch and the royal has claimed he had a huge row with his brother, Prince William, about Meghan Markle. William allegedly branded Meghan "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive". Speaking about the latest claims on Thursday's Loose Women, Denise was quick to defend the royal. She also shared that despite being close with her sister, she "hated her as a child". Denise began: "I used to get so angry as a kid with her, so my mum gave me a cushion to punch instead of punching my sister. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly shut down by rail boss over strike 'celebrity' probe' "And then I've just moved on to husband over the years," she joked. Jane was quick to fire back: "If Debbie, for example, had gone to the papers and done a big 'My horrible sister Denise' for money because this is for money. "This is to sell a book. How would that affect your relationship?" "I'm never going to change my viewers about the Harry and Meghan situation," Denise replied. "I've supported them since day one. I've been aware from very early on and I've said it on this show...of the different narratives towards Kate, and the different narratives applied to Meghan from quite early on. "I always think that Harry had the whole thing from his mum's funeral. "He was aware that whatever Meghan has been through with the press and the Royal Family, she's had Harry, or whatever people say clearly loves her." Turning to Jane, Denise said: "Diana had nobody, right, and you know, you went on many royal visits with her, so I'm always quite surprised that you're..." DON'T MISS...BBC News to 'axe 14 presenters' in new year schedule shake-up [INSIGHT]Prince Harry hopes family will ‘sit down and talk’ [VIDEO]GB News uproar over claims Meghan and Harry ‘milking Diana’s legacy’ [REACTION] "Diana was a lot more of a smarter cookie," Jane interrupted. "She was," Denise agreed before launching into a rant: "I just think that she went through a lot with the Royal Family and I think there is a light being shone on behaviours, which need to change. "And when you are that age and being made to walk behind a coffin when you know your dad has been unfaithful to your mother, and I've been unfaithful myself so there's no point you on Twitter going 'Oh, you're being a hypocrite'. It's not about the infidelity." "But when you read about that stuff in public, that is hurtful," Jane cut in. "Why shouldn't Harry say his peace, Jane?" Denise fumed. "He's had to move away from his family." "But he's using it to make money," her co-star interrupted again before Denise hit back: "Don't talk to me about interrupting." Ignoring her pleas, Jane said: "But he is making money from it." "The fact is, well the Royal Family made quite a bit of money Jane themselves," Denise added. "So the fact is that they have been leaking stories and we know they have." Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.