New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft is ‘stuck’ with legendary head coach Bill Belichick after his faults were laid bare when Tom Brady left the team for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, according to sports personality Skip Bayless. Belichick led the Patriots to a 8-9 record as the franchise missed the playoffs for the second time in three years. Earlier this week, Belichick - the NFL’s longest-tenured coach - told reporters he plans to return for his 24th season in charge in Foxborough. His decision comes after the Patriots’ 2022 season ended in a 35-23 loss to the inspired Buffalo Bills, who played with emotion following Damar Hamlin’s cardiac arrest last week. Belichick is considered by many the greatest coach in NFL history, masterminding the Patriots dynasty that spanned two decades and six Super Bowl wins with quarterback Brady. Since Brady joined the Buccaneers in 2020, Belichick has led the Patriots to the playoffs just once, where they fell to their rival Buffalo Bills at the first hurdle a year ago. Last offseason in March 2020, owner Robert Kraft suggested he wasn’t happy the Pats had not won a playoff game since the Super Bowl LIII triumph over the Los Angeles Rams back in February 2019. The pair had a recent meeting to discuss the Patriots’ future after they failed to reach the postseason once again. One key finding from the meeting was that offensive staff will be shaken up following a woeful season. Belichick’s poor decision-making left the Pats with woeful offensive coaches as the unit stagnated and sharply declined after a promising 2021 season with then-rookie quarterback Mac Jones. READ MORE: Tua Tagovaioloa's reaction to missing NFL play-offs in private chat Bayless believes Belichick deserves scrutiny for the Patriots’ poor season. Speaking on his Fox Sports show ‘Undisputed’, Bayless told co-host Shannon Sharpe that owner Kraft is perhaps unable to do anything when it comes to Belichick due to his unrivalled accomplishments. “I said Bill Belichick will get exposed without Tom Brady and I believe that has happened and now I believe Mr. Kraft is in some way stuck with Bill Belichick, just because of his magnitude, legacy and so many people still believe he’s the greatest coach ever,” Bayless declared. “I don’t believe that. “He was a sub-500 coach when Brady fell out of heavens into his lap and now he’s returning down to that level post-Brady because that team this year often looked poorly - or average - coached. They were top 10 in penalties, dead last in redbone touchdowns, had punts blocked and I just watched two kickoffs get returned for touchdowns by Buffalo. “The play that ended that game in Las Vegas, it has to reflect somewhat poorly on the head coach.” DON'T MISSNFL legend JJ Watt breaks down after emotional retirement videoPatriots owner Robert Kraft set for 'hard call' over Bill BelichickGronkowski names his price for NFL return with Brady reunion tipped Bayless added: “What he tried to do with Matt Patricia and Joe Judge was a flat-out, straight-up clown show. Belichick wanted to show he could oversee the offence, but I felt sorry for Mac Jones. It’s going to be so hard for him to live up to Brady - it’s impossible. “It feels like Kraft is stuck with this because he doesn’t want to take the PR hit of axing coach Belichick, but at some point he’s going to have to.” Across his illustrious career as head coach, Belichick has 329 victories (including playoffs) which places him second for the most in NFL history behind Don Shula’s record of 347.