Condensation has become more common in UK homes due to the changing of the seasons. The winter weather can pose more challenges for homeowners which can lead to condensation. The most common cause of condensation is increased humidity and certain activities can cause this. Boiling liquids, steam ironing, drying clothes indoors and showers and baths can all cause condensation. On average, a family of four produces a whopping 13 litres of water vapour each day just from activities like drying and washing. Water vapour has to go somewhere unless the moisture in the air is removed from the property. Instead, it becomes condensation. With condensation and mould growth at the forefront of our minds at the moment, Express.co.uk has spoken exclusively with Karl Huckerby, a cleaning expert at Spare And Square, about condensation and how to get rid of it. Karl explained condensation is caused on any surface when warm, moist air comes into contact with a cold surface. In the winter months, this is more “common” in homes that are “unheated and cold” because walls and windows are colder than the air inside the home. READ MORE: Banish ‘terrible’ smells from washing machines using £1.25 item Karl said: "Windows are the most common place for condensation to form, as they are generally the coldest part of the room. "In bathrooms and kitchens, condensation is also commonly formed on walls and ceilings as steam from cleaning and cooking rises and comes into contact with walls and ceilings that are colder than the steam. "Condensation itself isn't so much of a problem, but when condensation isn't removed it can damage surfaces as well as turn into mould which can be tricky to get rid of and dangerous for our health." Karl said getting rid of condensation before it makes surfaces fully damp is “essential” when it comes to making sure it doesn’t negatively affect the home permanently. DON'T MISSI cleaned my bathroom grout without bleach - results [INSIGHT]Kate and William's new home is 'such a downsize' compared to Frogmore [UPDATE]‘Best’ home remedy to remove grout stains ‘in five minutes’ [ANALYSIS] To help get rid of condensation and “prevent mould”, Karl shared five tips. Windows should be opened during and after cooking and during/after using the shower or bath. Opening windows will release the humid air outside and prevent a build-up of condensation on windows and surfaces. Open windows as wide as possible for as short a time as possible for “maximum effect”, advised Karl. Extractor fans remove steam and stop it from coming into contact with walls in the first place. READ MORE: Common essential oil 'stops mould and mildew building' Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Extractor fans remove humid air from bathrooms, kitchens and anywhere where there’s a moisture problem. The fan draws out the air and expels it outside through vents or ducts. Closing doors to kitchens and bathrooms when in use will stop steam from spreading throughout the house which can cause condensation. However, some experts claim bathroom doors should be left open after a shower to help prevent mould growth and keep mildew to a minimum. Leaving the extractor fan on for around 30 minutes after a shower or bath can also help. Dehumidifiers take all the excess moisture out of the air and stops it from turning into condensation on surfaces. Dehumidifiers can cost anywhere from a couple of hundred pounds to £50 based on the size and power of the machine. One of the best ways to beat condensation is to dry clothes outside or next to a dehumidifier. Drying clothes inside releases moisture into the air to create more condensation.