The Gender Recognition Reform Bill, which would have made it easier for trans people to obtain a Gender Recognition Certificate, was passed in Scotland in December, but was blocked by the UK government last week. Under the Bill, those between the ages of 16 ad 17 would have been able to apply for a gender recognition certificate.  However, this would only have been posssible after living in their "acquired gender" for six months. Despite being passed by the Scottish Parliament, a section 35 order was made by the government in Wesminster to prevent the bill progressing to Royal Assent and thus becoming law.     The protesters in question gathered on Buchanan Street at 11am with many of those gathered holding up placards in support trans rights. Co director of rights group For Women Scotland, Susan Smith, told Glasgow Live: "We have long maintained that the GRR Bill interferes with the operation of the Equality Act across the UK. Throughout evidence sessions, the Scottish Government ignored and dismissed evidenced concerns about the potential impact of opening up this process - not, as they claimed, a simplification or a minor admin change, but a wholesale removal of checks and a granting of new rights under law. "They made promises that were not in their gift and, shamefully, failed to protect women, even elevating the rights of sex offenders above those of their victims. They were especially cavalier about contested areas regarding the interaction with the Equality Act and the level of protections granted to GRC holders under section 22. "Ms Sturgeon famously said our concerns were “not valid. Supporters of the Bill have been indignant about the possibility that the rest of the UK might refuse to accept Scottish GRCs, even though this, effectively, meant that the devolved parliament at Holyrood would be rewriting equality law across the UK without the consent of their elected representatives." READ MORE: Sturgeon urged to take action after schoolgirl viciously attacked   In response to the Bill being blocked, the government in Holyrood said it would attempt to have the move overturned legal means including through judicial review and, potentially, a battle in the UK's Supreme Court. Famously, it was this court that blocked Nicola Sturgeon's attempt to have a second referendum on Scottish Independence. Talking to the BBC, one former judge said their chances of success were "very low". Lord Hope instead called for both sides to try to find a compromise to this legislative impass amid the first inter-UK flash point of 2023.   In a statement, Ms Sturgeon said the UK governmetn was engaging in a f"ull-frontal attack on our democratically-elected Scottish Parliament and its ability to make its own decisions on devolved matters". Since the 1998 Scotland Act, the coutnry has been able to pass their own laws, even those that differ from England, enabling it have greater autonomy within the United Kingdom. This is why, for example, Scotland takes a different approach to youth justice compared to England and Wales. However, this is the first time a section 35 order has been used since the Act was brought into force 25 years ago. It marks Westminster's first major intervention, and one which many consider to be against the principle of devolution. DON'T MISS: Woman 'can't stop crying' after no one turns up to her baby shower [REVEAL] Terror police and bomb squad called to suspicious package at hospital [INSIGHT] Martin Lewis broadband tip will reveal how bad your Wi-Fi really is [SPOTLIGHT]