Motorists over the age of 70 years old are required to renew their driving licence every three years with the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA). Official figures show that there are now around 10 million elderly drivers in the United Kingdom. Motorists who do not renew their licence once they have passed their 70th birthday will no longer be able to legally operate a vehicle, and face fines of up to £1,000. One Express.co.uk commenter, Mc Smith, made a case for changing rules to ensure younger drivers are also made to renew more frequently. They said: “As the next gentleman says, this has been the case for years. “However, what is the point of it? Does it make you a better driver? READ MORE: Drivers expect next car to be petrol or diesel as EV support drops “I suggest it is the under-25s who the DVLA should be looking at. They are the usual culprits when there's an accident.” Other commenters supported the call for younger drivers, particularly those between the ages of 18 and 25, to have more frequent checks. Another, Somerset Boy, claimed: “The irony here is that it is not elderly drivers who cause accidents it is invariably younger and middle-aged drivers. “Perhaps they should be the ones required to renew their driving licences every three years.” DON'T MISS'Cat litter and tights' can help drivers clear frost and condensation [INSIGHT]Paris looks to ban 'extremely divisive' electric scooters [LAW CHANGE]Tesla slashes electric car prices by £9,000 despite driver fury [SHOCKING] Generally, the DVLA sends people a D46P application form to their registered address around 90 days before they turn 70. Paper copies of the form can also be obtained from the Post Office if a driver does not receive one through the post. The DVLA has been vocal in ensuring all elderly drivers are signed up for a new licence, reminding them on Twitter and other social media channels. One motorist, Michaelvan, suggested: “These licences should be free of charge. Why should pensioners be penalised? READ MORE: 'Mr Loophole' Nick Freeman issues urgent warning for drivers “If they have a clean licence, they should be allowed to continue to drive without this stupid rule. “It should be the people who drink/drug and drive and get caught twice who should lose their licence for life. “The minimum fine should be set at £1,000, that alone should make people think twice before getting behind a wheel.” When renewing, drivers will need an email address, an address of where they have lived for the last three years, their National Insurance number and a valid UK passport number (if they want to change the licence photo). People can still drive while their licence is being renewed as long as they adhere to a number of rules, including that they have the support of their doctor, have a valid licence and their last licence wasn’t revoked or refused for medical reasons. There are more than 134,000 drivers over the age of 90 on the road in the UK, with more than 5.7 million drivers aged over 70 - almost double the number in 2012. Other motorists called for all road users to be held to the same standard as elderly drivers. One user, DRX, said: “They should be cracking down on cyclists who have no regard for any rules of the road and are a daily menace.”