The washing machine drawer sees various types of liquids and powders pass through it on a daily basis. The residue of liquids and fabric softeners is often gunky and thick, meaning it is sometimes difficult to rinse through the compartment fully. If not cleaned, the liquids can turn hard, providing the perfect environment for black mould to grow. If the washing machine drawer is not cleaned regularly, the black mould could end up going into the drum, transferring onto laundry. Although my washing machine drawer hadn’t become too caked in mould, I knew it was time to clean it after some hard residue starting to appear around the back. I wasn’t sure how to clean the drawer due to all the nooks and crannies but settled on soaking it in hot soapy water to dislodge the gunk. I ran some hot water into a washing up bowl and added a drop of Asda’s Fresh Berry Washing Up Liquid and created some bubbles. READ MORE: I removed window condensation to prevent damp and mould - here’s how After, I placed the whole washing machine drawer into the hot liquid and let it soak for around five minutes. If you’re unsure on how to remove the drawer, look for a catch towards the back of the machine. Along with a toothbrush I use for cleaning, I began to lightly scrub all areas of the drawer. The mould started to disappear instantly and it was surprising how easy it began to melt into the water. Using a toothbrush for this job was great as it could reach all the areas I couldn’t with a normal sponge or microfibre cloth. It took around five minutes to remove all of the gunk and mould before I let it dry completely on the draining board. This step is very important otherwise bad odours could begin to appear from the drawer. DON'T MISS:Interior designer shares 5 home decor pieces to ‘avoid’ splurging on [COMMENT]‘Simple’ steps to keep your home warmer for ‘longer’ [EXPERT]Method to clean your whole washing machine with no scrubbing [INSIGHT] Although there are lots of different products you could use for this job, I decided washing up liquid was the best as it can help to target tough stains and grime. It was also extremely cheap, meaning I didn’t have to fork out on expensive products for this chore. To prevent mould and mildew, it is best to clean the drawer every couple of weeks. Keeping on top of it means it won’t require a full scrub and you may not even have to remove it from the machine. After the drawer was clean, I decided to take the Dr. Beckmann Service It Deep Clean Washing Machine Cleaner to eliminate residue from inside the drum, pipes and seals of the machine. READ MORE: Four garden plants to always prune in winter I don’t do this very often but thought it was a great time seeing as the drawer was nice and clean. The description of the product reads: “Alongside removing dirt and grime, this product also eliminates limescale on your machine’s element to improve efficiency whilst protecting your washing machine against future breakdowns. “Made with Active Carbon, it acts like a magnet to all dirt and odours.” Britons should always refer to appliance manufacturers’ instructions when using products like this as it is one suitable for stainless steel drums. According to experts at Clean House Fast, soda crystals are a cheaper and eco-friendlier way of cleaning your washing machine. You can use soda crystals to eliminate limescale, get rid of bad smells and remove mould growth especially around the door seal. They instructed: “To clean your washing machine with soda crystals, add 500g of them directly in the drum of the washing machine. "Then, run a hot (we recommend the highest temperature on the control panel) empty cycle. Soda crystals work with the hot water to remove scale and calcification, eliminate mould, bacteria and other stuff that’s causing foul odours and dissolve detergent deposits. “Repeat the cleaning process once a month to keep your washing machine in good shape. “You can also use them to clean the exterior of the washing machine and wipe the door seal. Mix 200g of soda crystals in 500ml warm water, then wipe down the washing machine with a soft cloth.”