Emmerdale resident Dawn Taylor (played by Olivia Bromley) has taken a backseat in the ITV soap of late, especially after she turned down Kim Tate's (Claire King) job of a lifetime. Dawn hated seeing the nanny, Nicky (Lewis Cope) taking care of the kids and felt she was missing out on many milestones. This led Kim to hire Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham), however, the budding businesswoman hasn't gotten off to the best of starts. In recent scenes, Gabby ended up making a huge error when she told Kim she would deal with their new business brochures. However, Gabby ended up putting a photo of Ben Tucker (Simon Lennon) on the cover to promote The Hop. Kim was left furious as she quickly pointed out a photo of a man who had been murdered wasn't good for business. In official spoilers released by ITV, Gabby's luck seems to be on the up after she tries to prove herself to Kim. READ MORE: Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire The Home Farm owner is impressed by Gabby’s pitch about expanding the business into schools and expects her to deliver on it. The next day, Gabby's trying to be confident as she greets Nicola (Nicola Wheeler), councillor Colin and guests from local schools. Although, it is clear that Gabby is nervous about giving the pitch which makes Kim question her abilities. But, a resilient Gabby stands her ground when Nicola questions the safety element of the activities on offer. Nicola announces the good news to Gabby that she’s sold the idea, which leads Kim to offer Gabby the job of being her deputy. In a bid to celebrate, Gabby urges newcomer Nicky to stick around and celebrate with her as she grabs a bottle of fizz. However, things take an unexpected turn when Gabby leans in to kiss Nicky. The entrepreneur is left mortified when Nicky jumps to his feet announcing he doesn’t like her like that. DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun buyer breaks down as she details heartbreak  [VIDEO]ITV viewers 'switch off' as fans slam Gordon Ramsay new show [REACTION]Emmerdale exit for Kyle Winchester as he's ripped away from Dingles [SPOILERS] Dawn watches the entire awkward exchange and Gabby is left feeling humiliated. The next day, when Gabby and Dawn argue about their priorities, Gabby calls Dawn a prostitute in front of Lucas (Dexter Ansell), Clemmie (Mabel Addison) and Will (Dean Andrews). Dawn is left horrified by Gabby's remark and things are made even worse when Lucas questions her about it. Dawn rushes out of the room, feeling distraught over Gabby's betrayal. Will Dawn's past come back to haunt her and what will she say to Lucas and Clemmie? In recent weeks, there has been tension building for Gabby and Dawn as they competed for Kim's job role. Gabby was gutted when Kim seemed to favour Dawn over her, although, it seems Thomas' mum has her eye on more than the job. She recently admitted she was ready to take over from Kim at Home Farm. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.