The Light in the Hall has been airing on Channel 4 and the series is about to come to an end. The murder mystery followed Sharon Roberts (played by Joanna Scanlan), a grieving mother whose daughter was killed 18 years previously. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what happened at the end. At first viewers thought Joe Pritchard (Iwan Rheon) was responsible for killing Ela (Ella Peel) after his confession. However, when he was unable to give any information about the location of the body, suspicions were raised. The finale eventually revealed Ela had been upset when she visited her girlfriend Izzy Vaughan (Hannah Daniel). Ela had overheard an argument between her mother and stepfather about Sharon's alleged affair with a colleague. After confronting and badmouthing Sharon, she hit Ela. READ MORE: Here's a look at the cast of The Light in the Hall She had no idea it would be the last time she saw her daughter after she left for Izzy's house. While she was with Izzy, Izzy told her about a fake advance Joe had made on her. Outraged, Ela stormed off to confront Joe and during a scuffle, as he protested his innocence, she fell and lay unresponsive for a while. When she came to, she grabbed a knife and went off in search of Joe once more. When Izzy found Ela, she was shocked and told Ela she had lied about the whole thing. After the pair got into an argument, Ela stabbed Izzy and Izzy pushed Ela in retaliation. Ella then fell down a hill and hit her head on some rocks, which instantly killed her. Joe had thought he was responsible for killing Ela as he pushed her while running from his caravan. He had no idea she had survived and was eventually killed by her girlfriend. Before the series came to an end, Sharon was seen looking at Ela's grave as her body was finally found. DON'T MISS... Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz [INSIGHT] Richard Hammond’s daughter in brutal swipe after job loss [DISCUSSION] Antiques Roadshow expert ‘at a loss’ over value of ballerinas [VIDEO] Izzy finally confessed everything to Joe and the location of her body was given to the police. She had been buried on land on the outskirts of Nina's (Lisa Palfrey) house. Joe believed he was responsible due to his dissociative amnesia, which meant he was unable to clearly piece together what happened. He can only just remember seeing Izzy and Ela the day they had been arguing. If he had remembered this all along, it would have been crucial to the investigation. Fans have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts after the real answers were revealed. Simona McKenzie said: "Nina and Izzy are involved somehow. I thought so from the start. "Joe’s dad said they had a deal and Izzy is very frightened about something." Dr Shireen Chilcott said: "I thought #thelightinthehall was brilliant. Excellent acting, a great storyline and beautiful countryside. I wish there was a series II." [Sic]  The Light in the Hall is available to watch on All4.