Ginny and Georgia is back on Netflix and Gil Timmins had been in prison for fraud and embezzlement. Austin (played by Diesel La Torraca), would write letters to his father but his mother Georgia (Brianne Howey) would not send them. Season two of the TV hit finally put a face to a name as Gil was seen on screen as part of a dramatic storyline. The new season saw Gil out of prison as he confronted Georgia about their relationship problems. Austin was caught up in the middle of the feud and it escalated to the point of potential disaster. Gil is played by Aaron Ashmore, a 43-year-old Canadian actor who is known for his roles in Smallville and Warehouse 13. The star is the identical twin brother of actor Shawn Ashmore, who has been in the X-men films as Iceman. READ MORE: Ginny and Georgia star teases 'intense' moments in season 2 Aaron and his brother were born in Richmond and one of his first film roles was in 1991 in Married to It. He went on to star in Conception, Sugar Daddy and The Retreat as his career progressed.  His other credits include Killjoys, In Plain Sight and Lost Girl. He married his wife Zoë Kate in 2014 and their daughter was born two years later in 2016. In 2019 the couple had their second daughter and he shared a photo shortly after her birth. On Twitter, he announced: "My second amazing daughter has arrived safe and sound. "All my love to my wife for growing and delivering this gift. Truly #blessed." DON'T MISS... Ginny and Georgia cast pay tribute to late crew member [INSIGHT] Ginny & Georgia: Star hits back at Taylor Swift controversy [DISCUSSION] Here's a look at the cast of German thriller Woman of the Dead [EXPLAINER] The actor is on Instagram and he has been keeping fans up to date with his latest ventures. As well as sharing photos of his two beautiful daughters, he has shared behind-the-scenes snaps from work. Ahead of the release of Ginny and Georgia season two, he shared a photo of himself as Gil in costume, calling it was "new look". When the announcement about his involvement was first made, he shared: "Very excited to start this show and continue working @Netflix" The actor has been promoting another new project, Sky Med, which airs on Paramount Plus. He explained: "I got to reconnect with some old friends from my @killjoys days on this one. "@juliepuckrin @sorchavasey @nikolijne and some new friends @vanessapiazza1. "You guys are in for a wild ride with @skymedtvseries coming this summer!"  Ginny and Georgia season 2 is on Netflix now