Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag was ‘scathing’ inside the dressing room following his side’s 6-3 defeat to Manchester City earlier in the season, according to reports. The Dutchman’s side were blown away at the Etihad Stadium. But they’ll be hopeful of achieving a better result in the rematch at Old Trafford on Saturday afternoon. Manchester United had gone into their match with City back in October looking to make a statement. Yet they found themselves 4-0 down by half term after braces from Phil Foden and Erling Haaland, much to Ten Hag’s dismay. Further goals from the City duo compounded United’s misery, though they are able to pull back some consolations courtesy of a brace from Anthony Martial and curling effort from Antony. According to Sky Sports, in the dressing room after the game, Ten Hag was ‘scathing’ in his assessment of the match. He forced United players to analyse their mistakes, baffled at how they’d been ripped apart having previously beaten Arsenal and Liverpool. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big For one of the goals, the Red Devils’ back four changed into a back seven - but nobody was able to prevent the goals from flying in. But while Ten Hag laid down the law to his United players, they didn’t leave with the impression they were all in his bad books. Instead, players ‘did not take it personally’ - nor did they look for a way to scapegoat their team-mates. One staff member who was present described the talk by saying it was ‘an education, more than an undressing.’ It was also reported that Ten Hag has made United players ‘accountable’ and they’re all willing to take responsibility as the club plan for a brighter future. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Everybody these days is behind the 52-year-old, who has worked wonders given the shambles of last season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. And United have clearly made big progress, having won 15 of their last 18 matches across all competitions in the time since. City will be the ultimate test at Old Trafford on Saturday afternoon. But United will be full of confidence ahead of that showdown, especially after a 3-0 win over Charlton in midweek. Meanwhile, former United star Patrice Evra wants his old side to ‘stick to the plan’ against City and allow their opponents to dominate the ball. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I feel good, I feel confident, like I did before the previous game, but at half time in that one we were 4-0 down and we were just watching City play,” he told Betfair. “What I want in this game is, first of all, to forget that other match because it was horrific, and I also want them to respect the plan. I want them to stick to the plan. “I don't expect United to control the game because if they want to play to have possession of the ball against City they are going to lose. “I think United can hurt them really badly. Looking at their weaknesses, City concede goals. You can score against them. “When I watch City, I feel like any team can score against them, but if it's their day then they can destroy you. They can make you watch them, like they did against United earlier in the season. “Of course, I'm confident. We've got a good record now and the atmosphere at Old Trafford is electric, everything is perfect. “But sometimes in football when everything is perfect you can receive a big slap. "I want United to play this as a derby, but they have to stick to the plan. Ten Hag will have a plan.”