Chelsea have traditionally been one of the most active Premier League clubs in the January transfer window and it has been no different this year with Benoit Badiashile, David Datro Fofana and Andrey Santos all arriving at Stamford Bridge. With this in mind, Express Sport has taken a look at players who have previously joined in winter, making a starting XI out of the options available based solely on their performances for the club. The eleven includes Premier League legends and World Cup winners with the Blues often attracting big names even during mid-season. Goalkeeper: Mark Bosnich Perhaps sensibly, Chelsea do not tend to sign goalkeepers in January, keeping a first choice No 1 for most of the season. As such it is fair to say finding someone to protect the goal was difficult. As a result, Bosnich inherits the position almost by default. The Australian made just seven appearances for the club after signing from Manchester United in 2001, failing to make any kind of an impression at Stamford Bridge. His time at the club would have been completely forgettable had he not been fired after receiving a nine-month ban following a failed drug test in 2002. A terrible signing overall - but he did play and that’s enough to get him into this lineup. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Defenders: Branislav Ivanovic, David Luiz, Gary Cahill, Emerson Fortunes quickly flip from the goalkeeper position in defence with Ivanovic, Luiz and Cahill all holding a strong claim to be considered club legends. The trio were a crucial part of the club’s first-ever Champions League win as well as multiple Premier League and FA Cup successes. The Serbian even scored the winning goal in the last minute of the Europa League final in 2013 while Cahill inherited the captain’s armband after John Terry’s retirement in 2017. The trio are joined in defence by Emerson. The Italian did not get anywhere near the heights hit by his defensive colleagues but was a solid presence whenever called upon and one of the only left-backs the Blues have brought to the club in January. Midfield: Scott Parker, Nemanja Matic, Ross Barkley While the defence is the real strength of this side, the midfield is home to a host of solid performers. Matic was the pick of the three, the Serbian was regularly excellent in the holding midfield role after returning to the club in 2014, playing a part in two title-winning campaigns and was named in the 2015 PFA team of the year. Parker and Barkley failed to hit the same heights as the 34-year-old but still impressed in spells during their time at the club. However, fans may feel somewhat aggrieved that the best spells of their careers came at other clubs. READ MOREArsenal target Mykhaylo Mudryk's agent sets record straight on '£70m Chelsea bid'Shakhtar chief spotted yards from Todd Boehly as Chelsea and Arsenal battle intensifiesArsenal given Kaoru Mitoma transfer advice as fans demand Mykhaylo Mudryk alternative deal Forwards: Nicolas Anelka, Olivier Giroud, Fernando Torres Each of the front three lifted trophies during their spell at the club, each taking on important roles at different times. Anelka undoubtedly enjoyed the best spell of the three with the Frenchman prolific following his arrival from Bolton winning the Premier League in 2010 and finding the net 59 times. Giroud was initially signed to be a backup to Alvaro Morata but quickly stole the Spaniard’s place in the team. He became an important player particularly in cup competitions, helping the team to lift the FA Cup, Europa League and then the Champions League in 2021. Torres is widely considered to have flopped during his time at the club and while for the most part, this assessment is justified, the forward is still one of the most important players in the club’s recent history. His goal against Barcelona secured a place in the Champions League final while the former Liverpool man also netted in the Europa League final as the Blues lifted the trophy in 2013.