NHS bosses have been accused of a "shocking lacking of respect" towards Britain’s 300,000 nurses after a hospital offered agency workers £40 an hour to cover the shifts of striking staff today and tomorrow. Pat Cullen, general secretary of the Royal College of Nurses, also accused the Government of "turning its back" on her members and stalling on negotiations over pay. Nursing staff from more than 55 NHS trusts will take part in industrial action after two days of action in December, with two more walkouts scheduled for next month, and is calling for an across-the-board pay rise of five percent above the rate of inflation. However, Health and Social Care Secretary Steve Barclay said while he recognised the cost of living pressures on NHS staff, "unaffordable pay rises" will stoke inflation. To illustrate her case, Ms Cullen yesterday shared an appeal for Registered General Nurses (RGNs) to work at York Hospital to cover the period of the strike. Ms Cullen commented: "Quite unbelievable. The lack of respect for own staff. Shocking to say the least. "Perhaps paying their own nursing staff this rate would have resulted in them being able to afford to live." Speaking to Radio 4’s Today programme this morning, Ms Cullen added: "Fundamentally this is about nurses speaking up on behalf of their patients and saying to this Government, ‘stop turning your back on us because when you turn your back on nurses, you turn your back on patients’. JUST IN: Thousands of NHS nurses begin two-day strike over pay disputes "The NHS is in an absolute crisis. Every single nurse is feeling the pressure every single day as our patients are feeling it. "So this is about trying to address the real crisis regarding recruitment and retention of nursing staff within the NHS." Referring to discussions with the Government earlier this month, Ms Cullen said: “We just didn't extend an olive branch - we pushed the whole tree towards the government and the Prime Minister. "Let's get into a negotiating room - I can't negotiate at a table on my own and I've said I won't negotiate on the media, because that would be disrespectful to those nursing staff. "And this government owes it to every single one of those nurses to get round a table and negotiate with me on their behalf. Do you think the government should give nurses an across-the-board pay rise of five percent above the rate of inflation as they are asking for? Share your thoughts in the comments section HERE  "We need to address pay for 2022/23, that's where our formal dispute sits at this point in time. "So we're not going to fudge that issue. Our nursing staff are significantly struggling in their personal lives with not being able to pay their bills." Mr Barclay has signalled that pay negotiations will look ahead to next year rather than reflecting on the 2022/23 pay award, which unions have said must be reviewed. He said: "Patients will understandably be worried by the prospect of further strike action by nurses - the previous two days of nurse strikes saw around 30,000 elective procedures and outpatient appointments cancelled. "It is inevitable industrial action will have an impact on patients. DON'T MISS:Ukraine MP warns Putin could start 'new offensive' or seize east [INSIGHT]Brexit leads to 330,000 shortfall in workers, think tanks claim [REVEAL]Diana's therapist warns against 'venting all feelings to all people [INSIGHT] "I have had constructive talks with the Royal College of Nursing and other unions about the 2023/24 pay process and look forward to continuing that dialogue." Inflation was running at 7.5 percent when the RCN submitted the five percent figure to the independent pay review body last March. However it has since soared, with the Retail Price Index (RPI), measuring the change in the cost of a representative sample of retail goods and services. standing at 14 percent in November, although it fell back to 13.4 percent last month. Additionally, the Consumer Prince Index (CPI), the inflation measure used in the government's target for inflation has fallen for the second month in a row, and now stands at 10.5 percent. Express.co.uk has contacted York and Scarborough NHS Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust for comment.