The couple - who originally tied the knot in 2011 - headed to the Maldives for the magical day on December 17th, after being forced to cancel their vow renewal plans on their tenth wedding anniversary. Model Abbey, 36, said she felt like the "luckiest person on earth" after reaffirming her love for former footballer Peter, 41. Abbey - who shares kids Sophia, 11, Liberty, seven, Johnny, five, and three-year-old Jack, with Peter - said: "We started as a young couple together, and now here we are with our four kids walking us down the aisle. "I feel like the luckiest person on earth. "The Maldives is a magical place, so to renew our vows there was perfect. It still feels like a dream." Former England striker Peter added: "To share this beautiful occasion with the family we created after all these years was really special. They loved it. READ MORE: Ireland Baldwin announces she’s pregnant with first child    "Abbey looked incredible, and even after 11 years, I still got butterflies when she walked down the aisle. "It was a stunning island, but Ab stole the show - I’m a lucky man." The pair's ceremony took place under an arch of white roses, which was also present at their 2011 wedding that took place at the Stapleford Park hotel in Leicestershire. Abbey joked former Liverpool and Aston Villa star Peter has earned himself "brownie points for the next few years" following the romantic ceremony. She told HELLO! magazine: "We were going to renew our vows on our ten-year anniversary, but with lockdown, we couldn’t do it. "Pete’s quite romantic at heart; he has definitely earned himself brownie points for the next few years." The former footballer previously revealed he got into trouble with Abbey when he was too busy playing Call of Duty to realise his wife was locked out of the house. The ex-Tottenham and Liverpool striker told the hilarious tale which ended with Abbey fuming as he enjoyed gaming with 12-year-olds. DONT MISS:Stacey Dooley details ‘chaotic’ day she found out she was pregnant (PHOTOS)Liz Hurley, 57, puts on racy display in bejewelled sheer bodysuit (NEWS)Dame Judi Dench wows hotel guests with unexpected musical performance  (LATEST) Peter announced his retirement in 2019 at the age of 38 after a long and memorable career. He has since been enjoying gaming in his downtime - along with plenty of other projects. The former England ace told of the moment he was left considering hanging up his boots after a session on the popular game Call of Duty infuriated Abbey. He told Chris Moyles on Radio X: "My career finished when Abbey was locked out the house and I was playing Call of Duty. "I had the headphones on and the mic and she was locked out of the house and I had no idea. "I was telling people to, 'get down! Frag out!  And she's been outside for ages banging on the door. She's gone to the neighbours and they let them in. "And I'm still in there, dark room, full headphones on, telling 12-year-olds to get down and cover me. "The look she gave me was like, 'You loser!' And that look was the moment I thought I better leave this."