While much of the talk surrounding NCIS Hawaii as of late has been the historic three-way crossover with NCIS and NCIS Los Angeles this month, there’s still plenty of drama coming Jane Tennant’s (played by Vanessa Lachey) way beyond it. And one story which may be revisited is Tennant’s love life with a return of a former flame on the cards. According to Lachey, NCIS Hawaii fans should expect Captain Joe Milius (Enver Gjokaj) back in the fold as season two heads towards its latter half. According to TVLine’s Matt Webb Mitovich in his Inside Line column, Lachey shared details about Gjokaj's comeback. He penned: “When I spoke to Vanessa Lachey on December 14, she said, ‘I was just texting [Enver]…’ “‘And I will say that he is ‘pinned for the future.’ We don’t have specifics, but yes, he is coming back to the island.’” READ MORE: NCIS’ Michael Weatherly sparks frenzy with Ziva and Tony update How and when Joe will return to Tennant’s life, therefore, remains a mystery for now. Could it be Joe leaving his new job in Washington to reunite with Tennant? Or could Captain Milius’ expertise be needed back on the island for an extended period of time? Whichever way he returns to the fold, fans will undoubtedly be excited to welcome Milius back, especially as Gjokaj has proved popular for other big-named roles. Gjokaj became a hit with MARVEL fans for his role as Daniel Sousa in the TV series Agents of SHIELD back in 2020. He’s also shared his talent with ABC crime-fighting dram The Rookie as Donovan in a handful of seasons. His CV also boasts roles in ABC’s Emergence, Syfy’s Resident Alien and TNT’s Major Crimes. Gjokaj’s return to NCIS Hawaii shouldn’t come as much of a surprise to diehard fans either as the show’s bosses have previously spoken out on their desires to have him back. DON'T MISS:NCIS LA’s Daniela Ruah praised by co-stars as she shares new projectNCIS’ Pauley Perrette shares LL Cool J complaint from NCIS LA stintNCIS LA's Daniela Ruah addresses absence as fans fume at missing Kensi Ahead of the season two premiere, producer Jan Nash told TVLine: “He is a super-talented guy and he got another job, so he has not been available to us at the beginning part of this season. “But we are hopeful that as what is currently his day job winds down that we’ll be able to see him again. “We love him. Enver is a great guy. He is great as Joe Milius, we love that dynamic, so we’re hopeful,” she added. Before Joe can return to the fray, however, the team will have to make it through the NCISverse crossover unscathed. The trailer for the historic event has already teased that Tennant will find herself at the centre of a kidnap plot but it looks like she’ll make it out alive. A summary for the three-hour event reads, according to IMDb: “In Washington DC to celebrate the retirement of a former professor. “NCIS agents are forced to investigate the professor's suicide. “Tennant, Jimmy Palmer (Brian Dietzen) and Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) are kidnapped, and it all ties into the mysterious suicide.” NCIS Hawaii season 2 returns on January 9 on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.