Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley were reunited on Tuesday's Good Morning Britain following their Christmas break. However, just minutes into the ITV show, Richard admitted he didn't have a great time over the festive period because he was struck down by a superbug. Susanna was also quick to point out that her co-star had suffered a fall. "Didn't you have an accident?" she asked as Richard replied: "That was no big deal. "I just slipped up and banged my head on the ground." Airing her concern, Susanna asked: "Are you ok?" READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer Turning to viewers at home, Richard continued: "I tell you what, I don't know about you watching home. "Maybe some of you are watching this because you can't get to work or because of the rail strike, so welcome. "Or maybe because you've got this superbug." Sharing his experience of the illness, the host added: "I had that at Christmas for a month. "Never had anything like it before. "In fact, I’m beginning to wonder if there’s a new strain of Covid going around. ‘I took a test every week, and it was always negative, but I can’t help thinking that’s what I had." Before falling poorly at Christmas, Richard suffered a fall while filming with Kate Garraway. DON'T MISS...Jennie Bond questions Prince Harry's intentions in scathing rant  [VIDEO]BBC Breakfast's Jon Kay airs concern as co-host says 'can't carry on' [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Cathy Hope lie in Bob DNA twist [SPOILERS] The pair were filming a GMB special from Whiston Hospital in Preston, in a bid to bring awareness to how busy the NHS is at this time of year. "I fell over this morning getting out of the car, a full-on fall," he said to Kate at the time. Kate added: "Richard nearly didn't make it on air. It was very tense." He continued: "A lot of people walking into hospitals all over the country where it's freezing cold with fall accidents. That is really pushing the pressure up." Elsewhere on Tuesday's show, Richard was forced to step in when a debate on Prince Harry got out of hand. The pair spoke with guests Nina Myskow and broadcaster Esther Krakue about the royal's memoir, which is due to be released next week. The duo had conflicting opinions and ended up shouting over one another. However, Richard was quick to bring the interview to a close when things took a heated turn. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.