Cristiano Ronaldo's whirlwind start to life in Saudi Arabia with Al-Nassr has reportedly taken another sensational twist with his arrival leading to Manchester United target Vincent Aboubakar being 'released'. Ronaldo's unceremonious exit from Old Trafford left the Portuguese superstar looking for a new club and he eventually agreed a mega-million deal to join Al-Nassr. He was officially unveiled this week, but was prevented from making his debut due to a two-game ban imposed on him by the FA for smashing an Everton fan's phone back in April last year. Not only that, it was reported that Ronaldo was not able to be registered by Al-Nassr with the Saudi club exceeding their foreign player quota. Al-Nassr's first game since unveiling Ronaldo was also postponed by 24 hours due to technical problems at their stadium. The 37-year-old was forced to watch from the stands in the first half before he retreated to the dressing room for the second 45 minutes to work on an exercise bike. Talisca scored both goals for Al-Nassr in the game to give them a 2-0 win over Al-Ta'ee. Aboubakar was surprisingly absent from the matchday squad on Friday having been a regular for them earlier in the season. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  But Saudi outlet Al-Riyadh sensationally claim the Cameroon international has been released by Al-Nassr. It's reported that Aboubakar's release has now allowed Ronaldo to officially register with Al-Nassr. The report adds that Aboubakar's release was done before Al-Nassr's match on Friday, indicating why he wasn't involved at all. The 30-year-old has been linked with a switch to Old Trafford in recent days as United look for a cheap option in attack. Finances are said to be tight at United with the club supposedly looking at the loan market for an attacker. But Aboubakar will reportedly be available for nothing now following his release from Al-Nassr. The Cameroonian left European football to join Al-Nassr back in 2021 having made a name for himself at Porto and Besiktas. He's also now short of self-confidence as he recently stated that he's better than Mohamed Salah. “I don’t give a toss if people don’t like it – I’m not impressed by him," he said before the 2022 World Cup. “I can do what he does. I just don’t have the opportunity to play in a big club.” 