Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has admitted Mohamed Salah is “struggling” because of the breakdown of his side’s forward line. Salah occupied a front three alongside Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino for years during a successful period in the club’s history but has played with a whole host of different forward players this season due to injuries and other issues. “Oh yeah of course - suffering? Of course,” Klopp told reporters after being asked if the lack of continuity in the Liverpool forward line is harming the Egyptian. “Usually you have a real basis you build on and that is what we don’t have. That is not so difficult to explain. “[Our forward line since Salah arrived] was a well-drilled machine - ‘the front three.’ Everyone was clear what we were doing. [When it is not like that] everyone suffers - that is clear.” Liverpool signed Darwin Nunez from Benfica last summer after the player had enjoyed an outstanding season in Portugal. But the 23-year-old has been in and out of the team since his arrival in England. Meanwhile, Diogo Jota and Luis Diaz have both been struck by long-term injuries, while Roberto Firmino has fallen down the pecking order in recent times. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    “Diogo was not in that combination and Bobby - not helpful,” the German continued when quizzed about his attacking players’ lack of gametime. “Offensive work relies on quality but also a lot of information. It is how to work, how to move, obvious information where you create a feeling about where your team-mate is where you can pass the ball, no look or whatever. “So that is not cool but we cannot expect just to be back to our best and win 5-0 and go to the next game. In two or three weeks we hope to have better options and we can mix it up.” DON'T MISSChelsea receive final answer from Arsenal target Amadou Onana on January transfer dealEverton fans dig up old Anthony Gordon tweet on Leighton Baines after third training snubNewcastle 'had discreet swap bid rejected' by Everton during Anthony Gordon transfer talks   And Klopp also spoke about Nunez playing in a different way to other players who were previously in the Liverpool team. “When Darwin is playing there he is obviously more high up,” Klopp added. “Going in behind, all different things. We never played with a nine before - even when Sadio was there, he was dropping in moments and that is not Darwin’s game. “He wants to have other balls and he is a handful there. It is all good if they would all be in and we could build something but we couldn’t do that. Here in this building we are 100 per cent ready to work through that. The only thing I know is the better and clearer you behave in your down moments, the better it will be in the high moments after that. You have to go through it.” Liverpool, who won the FA Cup final last season following a penalty shootout victory over Chelsea in the final, scraped past Wolves after a replay in the third round earlier this month. But they are now set to go head-to-head with a Brighton side who inflicted a 3-0 defeat on them in the Premier League two weeks ago - and Klopp will be desperate for revenge on the south coast. 