Certainly, the events of recent days have been taxing – until yesterday when he sacked former Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi for falling foul of the standards required for a member of the Prime Minister’s Cabinet. But let’s remember that Mr Sunak inherited a hideous political and economic mess on entering Downing Street. And, yet, almost immediately, the markets calmed and, despite grave warnings from the likes of the Bank of England governor Andrew Bailey, we avoided a full-blown recession. He comes across as an honourable man. It has even been suggested that he was too honourable in his dealings with Mr Zahawi and should have sacked him sooner. What’s crucial now is that the Prime Minister moves forward on his plan to revive Britain plc. We urge him to be bold – whether it’s dealing with truculent unions, sorting out the NHS, cutting national debt or tackling the Northern Ireland protocol issue. Never mind personal ratings. Curbing inflation and growing the economy is what’s needed. Do that and the polls will look markedly different. Russia’s president Vladimir Putin has proved again and again that he’s a monster. What’s doubly worrying is that, like Hitler before him, he is showing ever greater signs of being unhinged. “I don’t want to hurt you, but with a missile, it would only take a minute,” is what he told Boris Johnson shortly before ordering the invasion of Ukraine. And he said it with a chilling “air of detachment”, according to the former Prime Minister. Which brings us to today, a critical point in the war. Tanks are on their way to support Ukraine but President Zelensky also wants long-range missiles and fighter jets. This would raise the stakes with Moscow – but they will be raised even higher if the West flinches from its duty to protect this independent country. Dame Esther Rantzen has revealed that she has been diagnosed with lung cancer and that it has spread to other parts of her body. But the much-loved 82-year-old broadcaster has said she remains “optimistic” about what lies ahead. Dame Esther has also chosen this moment to thank all those who have made her life “so joyful”. In return, we would like to thank her for all she has done for the greater good – from presenting That’s Life! to setting up both the children’s charity Childline and the Silver Line, the confidential helpline to help older people suffering loneliness. You are not alone, Dame Esther. Millions of us are supporting you.