There is no doubt that Kate Middleton has been photographed wearing spectacular pieces of jewellery throughout her life. To commemorate the Princess of Wales' special style, Tony French, a jewellery expert at Austen & Blake, took a look back at one of her most iconic jewellery pieces.  During her 2012 visit to the National Gallery, the Princess was sure to turn heads with her 18-carat Cartier chain with pavé diamonds. At the time, this necklace was speculated to be an indication of solidarity for the Olympics in mid-2012 as a former ambassador for Team GB. The expert said: “Princess Kate's Cartier Trinity necklace is estimated to be worth between £50,000 and £100,000. "It includes both yellow, white and pink gold, symbolising love, fidelity and friendship. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's £140k engagement ring looks 'vintage' - pictures  "It is also based on Louis Cartier's original ring design from 1924." According to the expert, Kate uses this necklace with more "simple" outfits because of its eccentric style. Mr French added: "The Princess has been able to use this on a few occasions to enhance a simple yet classic dress, and add more of a chic look. "She was famously seen wearing it before the Olympics in 2012, which many thought was a nod from her for the upcoming games, and also on a whirlwind tour of New York.   "When worn, it certainly was seen as a statement piece and featured prominently in all pictures taken of her.” Another exciting piece of jewellery worn by the Princess of Wales was her emerald choker at the Earthshot Prize Awards in Boston. During the Earthshot Ceremony in early December 2022, Kate was photographed wearing an art-deco-inspired emerald green choker once owned by Princess Diana. She paired it with matching ravishing jewellery to coordinate with her stunning green colour scheme. READ MORE: Princess Nina of Greece wows in hot pink gown - pictures  The expert commented: “As shown by the images of it being worn by both Kate and Diana, it is equally stunning on someone with either dark or fair colour hair. "The original owner was Queen Mary, Circa 1911, and it was then passed down to her granddaughter Queen Elizabeth II. "It was often loaned to Princess Diana who wore it on occasion. "Historical values put on this in the past show it to be worth between £10 and £15million.”  The royals are known for their love for sapphires, which explains Kate Middleton's engagement ring. Dating back to the 19th century, this 12-karat oval Ceylon sapphire ring was another heirloom that Prince William used to propose to Kate in 2010. This was another piece that belonged to Princess Diana. Mr French continued: “What more can be said about this ring than 'Iconic' - it's truly one of the most famous rings in the world and has a host of copycats as people looked to buy a 'Diana ring'. "Originally purchased from Garrards in 1981, it now belongs to the current Princess Kate. The 12-carat Oval Cut Ceylon Sapphire is reported to have a value of around £400,000.” 