Republican allies of Kevin McCarthy worked behind closed doors on Wednesday to save his bid to become Speaker of the US House of Representatives. McCarthy, who has been Minority leader in the House since 2019, was opposed by 20 hardline conservatives in his own party as he failed in his bid to be elected in six consecutive ballots.  Republican critics argued that the Californian Congressman was ideologically unsuitable and defied an unexpected call for unity from former President Donald Trump. It is unclear if the former House Majority Leader will be able to overcome the hardline opposition that could force Republicans to pick an alternative candidate. After six rounds of stalemate, the House agreed to adjourn until 8pm (1am GMT) in order to resume negotiations. Speaking to reporters, Republican Representative Jeff Van Drew, a supporter of McCarthy, said that negotiations would be difficult.  He said: "We've either got to get some real conversations going with a select group of people, or we've got to get everybody back in the caucus room and start beating the daylights out of each other." It is a chastening start for the Republican majority house after the party managed to secure a slim 222-212 majority in November's midterm elections. The row highlights the battle the party is likely to have heading into the 2024 Presidential election with a bitter contest expected for the Republican nomination with pundits expecting a bitter battle between Donald Trump and Florida Governor Ron DeSantis. However, McCarthy remained positive, telling reporters: "We'll get to 218 when we solve our problems and we all get together."  READ MORE: Shocking US rebellion gives huge boost to Trump's Presidential hopes McCarthy's supporters had initially hoped that the repeated ballots would eventually wear down the resolve of his critics. In fact, with every ballot, the opposite appeared to be happening, with the former House Majority Whip losing more support. As a result, Republican faith in McCarthy's eventual success appeared to be waning. McCarthy secured only 201 of the 2018 votes needed, with 20 Republicans voting for Representative Byron Donalds.  DON'T MISS: US House adjourns without choosing Speaker after Republican revolt [REVEAL] McCarthy faces humiliation of losing first Speaker's vote in 100 years [INSIGHT] Kevin McCarthy bid for Speaker under pressure from own party [SPOTLIGHT] All 212 Democrats voted for House Democratic leader Hakeem Jeffries. Potential replacements for McCarthy include Steve Scalise and Jim Jordan, who received 20 votes during voting on Tuesday. The possibility of the House electing a Republican Speaker with help from the Democrats appeared to be an idea that is gaining traction. 