Update: Madonna has added a third and fourth date at the O2 Arena in London as ticket availability for the first two dates dwindles. The extra concerts will be held on Tuesday October 17 and Wednesday October 18, 2023. Madonna is bringing her latest tour to London's O2 Arena this year – kickimg off on Saturday, October 14 and Sunday October 15, 2023. The dates – her only in the UK during the latest worldwide tour – will finally bring a three-year absence to a close. The last time Madonna performed live in the UK was back in 2019 for her Madame X tour. The latest tour, dubbed The Celebration Tour, will be available to buy today (Friday January 20, 2023) across a range of popular online marketplaces. However, fans will need to act fast as the very limited dates are expected to sell out extremely quickly. Ticketmaster and Live Nation held a pre-sale earlier this week, allowing select customers to secure tickets before the general sale. O2 and Virgin Media customers were also able to access a limited number of tickets one-day early as part of the O2 Priority scheme. The O2 Arena in North Greenwich, London is the biggest indoor venue in the UK with capacity for roughly 20,000 people. General sale for The Celebration Tour begins at 10am GMT on Friday January 20, 2023. Tickets will be available from Ticketmaster and Live Nation. Ahead of the general sale, a number of pre-sale events were held, with some tickets available from Thursday, January 19, 2023, at 9am GMT. That event followed The Legacy Member presale event, which kicked off on Wednesday, January 18, 2023. Access was granted to fans who had previously bought Madonna tour tickets and had signed up elsewhere. Since the only UK dates will take place in the O2 Arena in North Greenwich, London, the gig was eligible for O2 Priority too. This loyalty scheme is available to all O2 pay monthly, SIM and Virgin Media broadband customers and offers early access to some of the biggest concerts, stand-up shows, and musicals in O2 venues across the UK. Prices for Madonna's tickets have not yet been revealed, however, tickets at London's O2 Arena can cost anywhere from £60-£120. There are also some VIP packages which may include premium tickets, "exclusive access to a behind-the-scenes tour, group photo on-stage, pre-show reception, limited edition lithograph + more". Buy Madonna tickets here Scroll down for a full list of Madonna tour dates. Madonna announced her tour in a viral video that included some major Hollywood and music industry stars. Included in the clip were the likes of Jack Black, Lil Wayne, Judd Apatow and Bob The Drag Queen - to name a few. It ended with Amy Schumer daring the star to go on tour and perform her "megahits" to the world. On top of making a brief visit to the UK, Madonna will be hitting large parts of Europe as well as an extensive tour in North America. Madonna said: "I am excited to explore as many songs as possible in hopes to give my fans the show they have been waiting for." The tour kicks off on July 15, 2023, in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Buy Madonna tickets here. Scroll down for a full list of Madonna tour dates. NORTH AMERICA