Fans of crime dramas are in for a treat with fresh new series The Diplomat soon to be hitting screens. Set in the warm climes of Barcelona, The Diplomat follows British Consulate worker Laura Simmonds (played by Sophie Rundle) as she deals with UK nationals caught up in trouble while in Spain with cases involving unexplained deaths, drugs and victims of crime. Laura and her team will be taking on a new case each week with a guest cast joining, while a serial arc runs over the course of the series. Writer Ben Richards wanted to make a series delving into the world of the British Consulate and its civil servants after working on the BBC political drama Party Animals, which gave a behind-the-scenes glimpse into the mechanics of Westminster. Speaking to media including Express.co.uk at a recent Q&A, producer Simon Heath said he and Richards were looking for another world where “a lot of fairly young people had a lot of responsibility” but in a sunnier location than London. The Diplomat sees British Consul Laura liaising with local law enforcement and others in the course of her work, but Richards was clear on saying the show wasn’t a detective drama. Richards said: “We really wanted to keep Laura as a diplomat and to be true to the world, so we can’t just have her running around and solving crimes.” READ MORE: Here's a look at Death in Paradise star Don Warrington's children Adding: “We wanted to show her doing her job and her job is to help British nationals.” The creative duo went on to address the show’s structure with Richards saying: “The format is an interesting one because I’m a big fan of story of the week. “I started my career on Spooks and we pretty much had that kind of format. It was story of the week with a serial strand and I wanted to do that as long as you can do justice to the serial strand. “Obviously, this are shorter episodes than an hour, so it’s tough to get everything in and do justice to story of the week and all the characters.” Much like Death in Paradise's tropical climate throwing up some problems, Barcelona’s weather brought its own challenges meaning the crew could only film in certain locations at particular times of the day due to the strong sun. Sun stroke was another issue with the cast and crew having to shield themselves from the heat of the day while filming outside for exterior scenes. With actor Steven Cree - who plays Laura’s mysterious new colleague Sam Henderson - admitting it was “so hot it was hard to think” and was “sweating buckets” while doing a scene. Reflecting on why she joined The Diplomat, Gentleman Jack and Peaky Blinders star Sophie Rundle said: “It was genuinely excellent writing that was part of the appeal of wanting to do the job.” She continued: “It just felt really easy and fun and light and recognisable and that’s really important. “I really recognised Laura and I think we felt like we recognised these characters. “Then we just had a really good time. We had a really nice time on set, it was a really nice vibe.” Rundle said it was “fascinating” and admitted when she first started working The Diplomat she wrongly called Laura the “British Consulate” instead of British Consul. DON'T MISS...GB News uproar as Angela Levin claims Meghan left Harry 'to the lions' [VIDEO]Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [INSIGHT]Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive [VIEWER REACTION] The star went on to explain Laura’s job: “She is essentially the liaison point between the British National in Barcelona and the Spanish legal system. “Any time a British national lands themselves in trouble, she’s your first point of contact and she guides you through process of getting help. “So, it’s a really fascinating job and it’s everything from lost passports to more serious things like assault and murder.” Adding: “So it spans a really wide range of people and stories, it’s very clever to make a TV show about.” The six-part series will be coming to UKTV’s Alibi channel next month with an all-star cast including Danny Sapani, Serena Mantegh, Dylan Brady, Isak Férriz and Laila Costa. The Diplomat will air on UKTV’s Alibi in February