Donors disappear or switch. PM Rishi Sunak has held a Cabinet awayday at Chequers but resolution comes there none. Top of the “concern” list are the immigrant invasion on our beaches and skyrocketing taxes. The polls are quite clear on this. What is screamingly frustrating is that solutions are staring them in the face. Tax reductions? Stop spending so much – mentioned elsewhere – on net zero and HS2. Add to that a staggering public sector (bureaucrat) wage bill which could be halved if a genuine war was declared on the tidal wave of red tape and form-filling that strangles commerce, industry (the real wealth-creators) and the ordinary citizen trying to live his life in peace. If the Tories just sit and stare at our problems without lifting a finger to resolve them they will assuredly lose the next election – and deserve to. The problem for the Tory Party is not Reform or even Keir Starmer and his talentless alternative across the Commons. It is their own bone idleness and timidity and no public opinion poll is ever going to cure that. The cure lies in themselves. They need yet another change of leader, a huge clear-out of the deadwood and the call to duty of some real go-getters, probably from the private sector, with proven records, to turn the wallowing ship around and set her under full sail to recover all that has been lost. But the key is a new leader – but not Boris or Rishi (they had their chances). Personally, I’d go for Lord (David) Frost or ex-combat soldier Ben Wallace, now at Defence.  Our prime Minister, in the back seat of his limo, unhooks his seat belt to lean forward to speak to his driver who cannot hear him through the traffic noise. He is spotted by a snitch, through the window, who reports him for a technical rule break. He is fined £100. Across Europe, never mind the rest of the world, massively paid politicos amble on in their offices as detectives and courts examine charges of the embezzlement of millions. What a quaint old country we are... The zealots of Scotland and Wales clamoured for devolved national government. So plaintive were their wails that this was granted. Governments in Edinburgh and Cardiff were established and local panjandrums duly installed with all their panoply. Their new powers included almost complete mastery over their national economies. Since then both have been run into the ground – though the local media dare not say so. In Scotland, the economy has been going downhill like one of the Aviemore ski slopes, propped up mainly by subsidies shipped north under the Barnett Formula. La Sturgeon has tried to build a small ferry with government funds. It is so behind schedule and over budget that the Scots might think they are getting an ocean-going luxury liner instead of a little chug-chug to service the outer islands. In Wales Mark Drakeford has to pump another large “bung” into Cardiff Airport, which keeps on flirting with bankruptcy despite having a virtual monopoly of flights into and out of the principality. What proof did either of these posturers bring to their office that they could ever actually run anything? The German tank affair is complicated but vital to resolve if Ukraine is to survive. We are sending a few – too few – of our Challenger 2 main battle tanks to help crush Putin’s coming spring attack. But the game-changer and thus the continent-changer is Germany’s Leopard II. She has masses of these MBTs but the main point is that she sold them to 12 other European countries and 10 at least wanted to sell or donate their available ones to Ukraine to save that country’s life. To do this, under the terms of their original sale, they need German Chancellor Olaf Scholz’s permission. This he has finally given. If he can crush Ukraine, Putin will attack target after target to reconstruct his Russian once empire. But there might be another way for any Leopardpurchaser to help Ukraine. Why not just lend some surplus Leopards in your back barn to Kyiv for a bit of Repair Shop “servicing”? The “lender” country would have Ukraine’s eternal gratitude and a round of applause from the world. Many of us Brits still salute the Norwegian patriots who destroyed Hitler’s atomic research plant at Telemark and the Poles who were so brilliant in the RA F and at Monte Cassino. Of course, Germany’s former slavishness to Putin started with ex-Chancellor Angela Merkel’s insane decision to abolish her country’s nuclear power system and become dependent on Russian oil and gas. It has all but crippled once-mighty Germany ever since. The media have not used their kindest words to treat Jeremy Clarkson since his less-than-gallant description of Me-Again, aka the Duchess of Sussex. Two of his sponsors have turned away and a question mark hangs over further episodes of Who Wants To Be A Millionaire, which he hosts – scheduled for filming this spring. Meanwhile the earlier version – 20 years ago with Chris Tarrant – goes on, repeat after repeat, but the high-tension episodes are long gone and recent ones are peopled by the dim. Those reaching the contestant’s chair must first win the fastest-finger first test, but as my old drill sergeant used to put it: “If you lot are the cream, Gawd ’elp the skimmed milk.” Even dimmer, in both versions, are the “celebs”. The only way to restore the old tension would be to let into the black chair opposite Jeremy some serious brains on the general knowledge front. But that would mean risking the occasional big win and the franchise that owns the show hates that sort of thing. I like general knowledge quizzes because if you don’t know the answer, you get it at the end, so you learn something. If the questions are for idiots, you might as well switch over. I am sure many do. A surefire hallmark of a government that could not organise a bonk in a bordello (like Davos) is one that refuses point-blank to revise or scrap schemes that have long been proved to be impossible to make work. Vast sums of our money may be spent but it doesn’t matter. All that matters is that reputations become involved, and therefore vanities, and these are all-important. HS2 is a clear forerunner but another is coming up close behind. Sending illegal immigrants to Rwanda was clearly dreamed up in Whitehall on a bad day, caught the attention of Priti Patel, was nodded through by Boris Johnson between beakers of claret and became a firm policy. Checking out feasibility was way down the line and remains so. So just a few naughty questions, if I may... The government in Kigali has allocated the scheme a hotel with 50 beds. That would house the product of the beaches of Kent and Sussex for one rather slack morning. Last year produced around 30,000 illegal immigrants. A tented encampment perhaps? Checking applicants – their origins, documents (if any) useful qualifications (nearly 10,000 were Albanians, and of them quite a number of skilled gangsters) – will require a large team of British civil servants to go and live in Rwanda – with families or not? If not, a hardship posting is very expensive. Those who qualify as acceptable immigrants – do we fly them all back again? How do we track down the 99 percent who, not wishing to go there, vaporise between Dover beach and take-off point? Clap them in irons as soon as they hit the beach in Kent? Our police would be outnumbered by their lawyers. Utter and absolute chaos beckons. But as our country slowly disintegrates, the Government has nothing better to do, or so they tell us.