It's "very plausible" that 28-year-old criminology student Bryan Kohberger, who stands accused of stabbing four students to death in a small US town, could be linked to other unsolved crimes, said former FBI agent Jennifer Coffindaffer. The extreme nature of the crime suggests this is not the work of a first-time offender, she believes. "I do think it would be rare that he would try to commit four murders and maybe possibly even was thinking about committing six," she told Newsweek, noting that two roommates in the house survived the attack that night. "If this was his first time to kill four people, that would be very unusual in the trends of... a fledgling serial killer." She said law enforcement agencies in places that Kohberger has lived will be combing over unsolved crimes and cold cases in those areas. "I would believe that law enforcement is going to be searching the areas in and around where he lived, so we're talking Pennsylvania now," the ex-FBI agent said. READ MORE: Idaho murder weapon offers 'horrendous' insight into killer's profile, says ex-FBI agent Ms Coffindaffer's assessment chimes with that of Robin Dreeke, retired FBI special agent and former head of the Counterintelligence Behavioral Analysis Program. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Dreeke said a killer rarely goes from "zero to 100". "This was an escalation in this person's life. There is no doubt in my mind," he said. Kohberger's defence attorney, Jason LaBar has said the suspect expects to be exonerated of the allegations. LaBar said after his first court appearance - an extradition hearing - on Tuesday: "He said this is not him. He believes he's going to be exonerated. That's what he believes, those were his words." Kohberger was extradited from Pennsylvania to Idaho in his first court hearing on Tuesday. DON'T MISSDamar Hamlin resuscitated 'twice' after collapsing [LATEST]Musk humiliated as Tesla shares crash [REPORT]Taylor Greene launches into blistering rant [POLITICS] The short hearing lasted around 10 minutes and paved the way for him to be transported by authorities to Idaho, where he will be formally charged with the four murders. It comes as more information about the case emerges. Kohberger was allegedly pulled over twice in the days after the killings took place - in the car authorities had spent weeks hunting. It has emerged the 28-year-old murder suspect was stopped by police twice as he and his father made a 2,500-mile cross-country car journey from Washington State to Pennsylvania. Kohberger and his father traveled cross country in his white Hyundai Elantra - the exact description of the car that was seen in the proximity of the student killings. READ MORE: Kohberger 'doesn't look tough' enough to murder someone as neighbour says he 'never slept' It raises serious questions about how the police did not connect the dots and apprehend the suspect earlier when he was stopped. Kohberger's lawyer has revealed the pair were pulled over twice during the trip as they passed through Indiana, once for speeding and the other for following a car ahead too closely. LaBar isn't sure if a ticket was issued but said: "I just know they were pulled over in Indiana almost back to back. I believe once for speeding and once for following too closely to a car in front of them." The attorney previously said Kohberger's father had gone out to meet him in Washington and they had headed home together for Christmas. LaBar did not immediately clarify which jurisdictions the stops happened in. The official police line contracts his claim. An Indiana State Police spokesman told Fox News Digital on Monday that he could not find evidence of any such encounters. An Indiana State Police spokesman said: "There are a number of law enforcement agencies operating in the State of Indiana and we do not have access to local records."