Since the launch of its vegan sausage roll, Greggs’ vegan menu has gone from strength to strength. To celebrate Veganuary, the company has this week launched four new vegan additions to its range. Greggs’ Vegan Southern Fried Chicken-Free Baguette and Vegan Chicken-Free Goujons are in shops nationwide now, while the Warm Winter Vegetable Soup will return to shops nationwide from tomorrow, January 5. The Vegan Chicken-Free Cajun Roll, which was trialled in a small number of shops last year, will also join the menu nationwide from Saturday, January 7. Other vegan items on Greggs’ menu are the iconic Vegan Sausage Roll, the Glazed Ring Doughnut, Sweet Potato and Onion Bhaji Rice Box, as well as Southern Fried Potato Wedges. The on-the-go retailer also offers a variety of vegan breakfast options, including the Vegan Sausage Breakfast Roll and Hash Browns.  Costing £3.05, the Vegan Cajun Chicken-Free Roll is made from tasty Cajun style chicken-free pieces, topped with fresh salad leaves and finished with a touch of chipotle chilli sauce and Cajun spiced mayo – all packed into a white and wholemeal roll. The roll is part of Greggs’ sandwich deal for £3.60, and the wedges can be added for £1 extra. The sandwich deal consists of any sandwich and a drink for £3.60. Meanwhile, the Warm Winter Vegetable Soup, which will be available in shops from Thursday, January 5, costs £2.40, or £2.70 as part of a meal.  The meal consists of a soup with a savoury roll, and customers can once again add the wedges for an extra £1. Costing £3.60, the Vegan Southern Fried Chicken-Free Baguette is available in shops nationwide now. Greggs said the baguette contains 570 calories and is part of the hot sandwich deal, which consists of a hot sandwich, a drink, and wedges. This costs £4.80. The sandwich is made with a freshly baked crunchy baguette, packed with tasty vegan goujons, topped with mature Cheddar vegan cheeZe flavour slices, sliced red onion and a generous helping of chipotle chilli sauce. READ MORE: 'Fatal' royal rift 'caught on camera' but Kate tries to save the day The Vegan Chicken-Free Goujons cost £3.20 and contain 387 calories per portion. If customers want to treat themselves to the goujons, drink, and wedges deal, the offer costs £4.80. Crunchy on the outside, tender on the inside, Greggs described its vegan goujons as a “taste sensation”. They are made with tasty meat-free filling and coated in lightly spiced southern fried breadcrumbs. Greggs’ Southern Fried Potato Wedges cost £1.25 and are available to buy from any Greggs store now. As for the Vegan Sausage Breakfast Roll, this costs £2.20 and can be consumed as part of the breakfast deal. This includes a breakfast roll and a regular hot drink from £2.60. Or, customers can add a hash brown for an extra 50p. A box of hash browns costs £1.20. As for sweet treats, the vegan-friendly Glazed Ring Doughnut costs 95p and contains 215 calories. As part of the sweet deal, which is any regular hot drink and a sweet treat, the doughnut costs £2.70.