An "amazing" schoolboy who helped an elderly woman pay for her shopping has become a social media darling. Olly Jones had popped into his local Spar shop in search of the elusive Prime Hydration drink when he spotted an older customer struggling to pay for a loaf of bread.   Without hesitation, the 12-year-old, from Prestatyn in Denbighshire, Wales, gave his money to the shopper. His simple act of kindness caught the imagination of his community, reports North Wales Live. A woman who had been in the shop at the time posted on Facebook how she had seen a "little boy hand her the money to pay for it". The post, which described how the boy arrived at the shop on a scooter with a bike-riding friend, rang a bell with Olly’s mum, Carly Inglis, as she scrolled through her Facebook feed. She phoned Olly, who was staying with his grandmother.  Carly said: "I asked him if he’d just been to the Spar and he said yes. "I think he got the shock of his life - he must have thought I was stalking him!" The 31-year-old carer added: "Olly told me his nan gave him £5 after getting a praise card from school for good behaviour. "In the store, he gave £2 of this to the lady to pay for her bread because he felt tight she didn’t have enough money. "He hadn’t mentioned it because he didn’t think anything of it." Responding to the original Facebook post, Carly confirmed Olly was the benefactor – and all hell broke loose. Within seconds, the family’s phones began pinging as messages poured in. People were also quick to post their thanks on Facebook too. One person wrote: "Well done for raising him so well. You must be so proud. The impact that a simple gesture can have on people’s lives." Another person added: "You have an amazing young man for a son." Carly said she began crying as she read through all the messages and comments. She said: "They were coming in so fast that my phone broke. "It took me a couple of hours to find another one, by which time the original post had got 1,000 likes and hundreds of comments." News quickly spread across Prestatyn. When Carly popped into her local pub, the Jolly Sailor, the landlord rushed over with a £5 gift for Olly. Spotting the post, a Prestatyn High School teacher commended him to the headmaster, who handed Olly another praise card. Spar staff then asked Carly to bring her son to the Victoria Road store for a surprise presentation. As well as a tub of sweets and a thank-you card for his generosity in helping a regular customer, Olly received a bottle of Prime. Carly said: "I think the manager had spent all day running around trying to find it! "It’s a craze among the kids here – you can’t find it anywhere." To cap it all off, Olly pocketed another £5 from his proud-as-punch grandmother. Carly is divorced from her first husband, Olly’s dad, but they remain on good terms and both actively co-parent their son. He has four other children at home, Carly has two others, Olly being the oldest. Carly said: "So many people have said he must come from a loving family. "He does, even though his dad and I have remarried. "Our phones are still being bombarded with messages, and I’m very grateful for them all. "It’s been bit of a shock but, yes, of course, I am so proud of what my son did."