After months and months of waiting, Hitman fans will finally be able to get their hands on the long-awaited Freelancer mode. Hitman Freelancer mode has a January 26 release date on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. Judging by previous Hitman updates, the new game mode will launch at around 1pm GMT for fans living in the UK. Once the Freelancer update is live, Hitman 3 will be known as Hitman World of Assassination, and will contain all previously released maps from Hitman and Hitman 2. This means that if you already own Hitman 3 and not the other two games, you'll suddenly have access to more than a dozen additional maps. This includes the ICA Facility, Paris, Sapienza, Marrakesh, Colorado, Bangkok, and Hokkaido maps from the original Hitman, as well as the Hawke's Bay, Miami, Santa Fortuna, Mumbai, Whittleton Creek, Isle of Sgail and Himmelstein maps from Hitman 2. It should simplify the buying process, which gets increasingly more complicated every time a new game or DLC is released. IO Interactive explains more: "We’re drastically simplifying the purchase experience for new players. Hitman World of Assassination will be the single available option to start playing. "Essentially, these two changes will mean that all new players and existing Hitman 3 owners will have the same base content ownership. "There will be no more confusion over which edition to buy, what content you own, how to redeem Legacy packs or import locations, etc. We’re done with that." If you want to play the New York and Haven Island DLC maps, as well as the Siberia and Hantu Port Sniper Maps, then you'll need to upgrade to the Deluxe Edition. The changes to the way Hitman is bundled will benefit the aforementioned Freelancer mode, which launches at the same time. The rogue-like mode features randomised elements that are rolled independently of each other. According to IO, while the game mode gives players all the necessary information to complete an objective, there's no guarantee that an objective is possible when on a mission. "To succeed, it is up to the player to ensure that a payout objective is possible, by bringing the right gear, or choosing the right combination of location, brought gear and objectives," IO continues. "In that sense Hitman: Freelancer is very different from the main game – there’s no hand-holding Mission Stories with scripted custom kills, that are always possible. "Every iconic takedown in Hitman: Freelancer is an emergent construct of systemic game mechanics and the foresight and creativity of the player." Mission planning will take place in Agent 47's brand new hideout, which can be fully customised by the player.