Yellowstone is back for the final episode of the first half of season five and John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) faces his biggest threat yet. As his son Jamie (Wes Bentley) prepares to overthrow him as governor, viewers will gain insight into the source of Rip Wheeler's (Cole Hauser) loyalty. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. Jamie is at the heart of the mid-season finale as he is heard warning he would "remove" John Dutton as a threat. As he addresses a packed room of officials, he says: “Governor Dutton has violated state law. The Attorney General’s office is seeking impeachment.” Jamie is played by Wes Bentley, a 44-year-old American actor known for his roles in American Beauty and Mission: Impossible – Fallout. He has two children, Brooklyn and Charles, and has three brothers. READ MORE: Yellowstone 1883 family tree explains who James Dutton is to John In a flashback, viewers will see where Rip's loyalty to the ranch stemmed from. He is played by Kyle Red Silverstein, a 20-year-old actor from California. His previous credits include Daisy Winters, Blended and Grey's Anatomy. The star has worked alongside some huge names including Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore. READ MORE: 1923 teases Harrison Ford exit following major Dutton death John has a new job for Monica and her family now that some of the ranch hands have had to leave. She is played by Kelsey Asbille, a 31-year-old American actress known for Pair of Kings and One Tree Hill. Viewers may also recognise her as Tracy Stewart in MTV's Teen Wolf. Speaking on Yellowstone's success to the Seattle Times, she said: "Obviously, it starts with the writing. "Then I think it’s also these characters. They’re messy and complicated and human.” DON'T MISS... 1923 family tree shows how Spencer Dutton is related to John Dutton [INSIGHT] Yellowstone star issues firm defence of series over animal 'harm' [INTERVIEW] All you need to know about Spencer Dutton in 1923 [EXPLAINER] Teeter is one of the feisty ranch hands who has been asked to move the cows to a different area of land. The task will take at least a year to complete and there is a lot she will be leaving behind, but she is excited about the opportunity. Teeter is played by Jennifer Landon, a 39-year-old American actress known for As the World Turns and FBI: Most Wanted. She is the daughter of actor and filmmaker Michael Landon, who died in 1991. READ MORE: Yellowstone plot hole: Fans expose questionable Jamie and Beth scene Ryan was heartbroken when he was told he had to leave his new love interest Abby (Lainey Wilson) behind. As he moves the cows to another area of land, he was forced to say goodbye to his commitments at the ranch. Ryan is played by Ian Bohen, a 46-year-old American actor known for Teen Wolf and Mad Men. The Californian actor began his film-acting career in 1993, in the project Delivering.  Yellowstone airs on Sundays on The Paramount Network and Mondays on Paramount Plus.