Detective Maria Baez (played by Marisa Ramirez) and Danny Reagan’s (Donnie Wahlberg) flirtationship has had Blue Bloods viewers gripped for years on the CBS drama. However, in the latest instalment of Blue Bloods, with Danny finally ready to try and find love again following the death of his wife Linda (Amy Carlson), his eyes weren’t set on Baez, instead opting for a date with newcomer Laura Acosta (Jessica Pimentel). It transpired during the episode that Danny and Laura had a history that stemmed back to the fateful night which claimed Linda’s life. Laura was harbouring the repercussions of a painful injury inflicted in the line of duty around the same time Linda had died and she was now set on retirement. However, Laura was told she wouldn’t qualify for a full disability pension, prompting Frank (Tom Selleck) to garner interest in her case. And while Sid (Robert Clohessy) fought Laura’s corner, Frank soon discovered his son Danny was also on her side - and for a rather touching reason. READ MORE: NCIS Los Angeles cast ‘incredibly sad’ as CBS series cancelled It transpired Laura’s injuries were inflicted during a car chase which took place during a shift she’d undertaken to cover for Danny during his time of grief. Laura felt Danny would’ve always felt guilty for the incident which changed her life but as Frank probed his son on their connection, it became clear there was a deeper feeling there. Frank discovered Danny’s support for Laura came from a place of affection and decided to deliver some wisdom to his son. “Don’t make the same mistake that your grandfather and I did after being widowed ourselves,” Frank told him. Danny took his father’s words on board and decided to meet Laura for a drink where he was able to share the news her full disability pension had been approved. He even promised her this wouldn’t be their only meeting with one another now they’d reconnected. The episode left an almighty cliffhanger for Danny’s romantic future, but with the Blue Bloods stalwart now seemingly open to finding a partner, many have been left fuming that writers appear to have dismissed Baez’s chances.  DON'T MISS:Yellowstone star debunks fans’ concerns over ‘train station’ plot holeThat '90s Show's Wilmer Valderrama hints at Fez spin-off after returnOutlander’s Sam Heughan ‘couldn’t find Jamie’s voice’ in job struggle Meanwhile, a fan account dedicated to the pair, named @dannyandbaez, weighed in: “I hope the writers realize that this isn’t going to make us shut up about wanting Danny and Baez. We will just be louder this time! #BlueBloods #DannyandBaez.” Elsewhere, @QAFBrianJustin still had hopes for Baez: “Danny getting back into the dating scene. “Hope this sets the scene for a #Daez end game. #BlueBloods,” followed by a crying emoji. And @artemiscira also raged: “Baez was there for Danny when Linda died and we've been watching their relationship develop onscreen for LITERAL 10 yrs. “But in one scene you're gonna inform me that this applies to another character we've never seen and expect me to just go with it? Yeah, no. #BlueBloods @CBS,” they added. There was some support for Danny finding love again, however, as @Lbahan66 argued: ”Unpopular opinion but I was never a fan of Danny/Baez getting together theory. However, with Danny finally beginning to date I would love if they brought back the psychic. “I thought her and Danny had good chemistry and would add a great addition to the dinner table. #BlueBloods.” While @Ritzbitz commented: “FINALLY! Danny is moving forward. It will be nice to see him dating. After Linda, he deserves to find love and be happy. Great episode!#BlueBloods.” (Sic). Blue Bloods season 13 continues Fridays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.