ITV fans were disappointed when Vera star Brenda Blethyn’s latest TV project, Essex-based sitcom Kate and Koji, was axed by the channel after just two seasons. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk ahead of his recent appearance in I Hate Suzie Too on Sky Atlantic, The Inbetweeners’ own Blake Harrison revealed he’d love to work with the iconic screen star after working together on the short-lived comedy. Blake confirmed he’d be thrilled for the chance to reunite with Brenda in a touching tribute to his time acting alongside Vera Stanhope’s portrayer. Beginning in 2020, Blake and Brenda co-starred with Jimmy Akingbola as Koji, an African doctor seeking asylum who starts working in Kate’s Essex cafe. Okorie Chukwu later replaced Jimmy for Kate and Koji’s second season, which would sadly be the show’s last. “We’ll just see what comes along, you know?” Blake said of what was next after the cancellation. READ MORE: Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry “Unless you are a writer and an actor where you’re regularly writing your own work, then you don’t always have ownership and control over those kinds of things.” Kate and Koji’s axing in November 2022 was out of the cast’s hands and came as something of a surprise to ITV viewers. Although it didn’t receive rave reviews, the series was a hit among viewers, pulling in over five million for the first outing alone. Fans also loved seeing a slightly different side to Brenda in the comedy, having watched her as disillusioned and obsessive detective Vera for over a decade. “But I loved working with Brenda,” Blake continued. “Brenda is a phenomenal actress, very, very funny, and is just a joy to be around. “She’s got stories for days. She’s a fantastic person to be around on set and off-set.” He then added: “And if I had the chance to work with her again I’d jump at it.” Created by Andy Hamilton and Guy Jenkin, the Kate and Koji team may eventually reunite to produce a new sitcom in the near future. DON'T MISS:Royal Family will need to 'up security' after Harry's 'stupid' remarks [OPINION]Coronation Street cancelled tonight as ITV soap replaced [NEWS]1923 fans vent fury as Yellowstone prequel heads on hiatus after 4 eps [BACKLASH] There’s also always the possibility for Blake to appear as a guest star in an upcoming episode of Vera. Outside of his most well-known role as Neil Sutherland from The Inbetweeners, the actor has taken on a number of both comedic and dramatic roles over the years. He has most recently appeared in Doctor Who as Namaca and in Hulu’s anti-historical satire The Great alongside Nicolas Hoult and Elle Fanning. Meanwhile, Brenda will finally make her long-awaited return as Vera for six brand-new episodes starting this week. In this week’s case, Vital Signs, Vera unearths a sinister conspiracy when the body of a popular GP is found murdered in the back of a burned-out car. The following Sunday’s episode, The Way the Wind Blows, will conclude Vera’s delayed 11th season before heading straight into the 12th a week later. Season 12 will begin with Against The Tide, another chilling murder case set around a remote lighthouse. Kate and Koji is available to stream on ITVX. Vera returns Sunday, January 15 on ITV.