Liverpool could U-turn on allowing Nat Phillips to leave on transfer deadline day after Ibrahima Konate was ruled out for three weeks by injury, according to reports. Phillips had been due to depart on loan for the remainder of the season but is now set to be kept as back-up amid a growing injury list. Konate joined Virgil van Dijk on the sidelines with a hamstring that is expected to keep him out for up to three weeks. The Frenchman will likely miss a tough Premier League run against a resurgent Wolves, Everton and Newcastle, as well as the Champions League clash with Real Madrid. Defender Phillips had been keen to leave on loan this winter. The 25-year-old has received interest from Galatasaray and several clubs in Germany. But he is now set to be disappointed in his search for a departure. The former Bolton centre-back is ‘increasingly likely’ to remain at Anfield as cover in an area that is particularly weak for Jurgen Klopp’s side. JUST IN: Liverpool transfer target Sofyan Amrabat 'set for' deadline day move That is according to The Athletic, who report that Phillips will be next in line should Joel Matip or Joe Gomez miss any action. Matip and Gomez will be the centre-back pairing until Van Dijk’s return from a hamstring issue of his own. The duo have played a full game together just twice, highlighting Klopp’s issues in defence. Van Dijk is set to remain absent for at least a couple of weeks. U21 defender Billy Koumetio was recalled from his loan at Austria Wien earlier this month. Klopp has insisted that he is set to stick with his squad for the remainder of the campaign and that no new signings will be made. The German has said that the club’s January transfer budget was spent entirely on Cody Gakpo. Regardless, time is running out for Liverpool to attract a replacement for Konate. Klopp has previously said that signings are rarely made to cover for injuries, as the sidelined player will soon return. DON'T MISS...Liverpool transfer news: Sander Berge interest, £10m deal, BellinghamLiverpool could do three deals before 11pm January transfer deadlineBellingham verbal deal, Neuhaus plan - how Liverpool can save January The German grew frustrated at questions about new signings earlier in the window. When asked about potential new signings, Klopp said: "I don't think so. I talk about it because you ask but my job is to use the boys we have. No problem. "We cannot solve all problems in the transfer market. I know in dreamland you would just buy players and solves all problems but I don't see that coming." When pushed on new signings, he added: "Come on, do I need to tell you, again, the money story? Why ask the question? We just have to get through until the boys come back [from injury]. The transfer market for us in this moment is not the solution.”