The father of a girl killed in Idaho said he thought the suspect would be “more of a monster”. Kaylee Goncalves’s father Steve commented on the appearance of Bryan Kohberger, the 28-year-old criminology student and the lone suspect in the murder of four University of Idaho students. Kaylee, 21, Madison Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and Kernodle’s boyfriend Ethan Chapin, 20, were fatally stabbed during the early morning hours of November 13. Steve was asked what he made of the murder suspect, and said he thought Bryan would look more menacing. "No, I thought he would be much bigger and more of a monster, ya know obviously have those key looks of somebody who could not get along with girls and this was like his only option or something," he said. "He just looked like a normal guy that would not stand out in any room or any party. "Just by the looks of him, you would not know he had that going through his head." Speaking to Fox News, the father previously shared the victims had "big open gouges" that were clearly the work of a "sadistic male”. Steve added to the broadcaster in December that the coroner told him his daughter's injuries "definitely did not match" Maddie’s wounds. "They may have individually died from the exact same thing, being stabbed, but there are more details," he added. "They're not even close to matching." The knife slashed open Kaylee’s liver and lungs, he said. READ MORE: 'Blood-stained' mattress hauled out of Idaho house On December 30, police arrested Kohberger in connection to the crime, where is now being held in an Idaho jail without bond. He is facing four counts of first-degree murder and burglary with intent to commit murder, and, if convicted on the murder charge, faces life in prison or the death penalty. Kohberger had been living in student housing in Pullman, Washington, about a 10-minute drive from the crime scene. Kohberger is alleged to have stabbed the four victims when they were sleeping between 3.30 and 4.30am on November 13, police say. In an affidavit, investigators said the killer left his DNA on a "leather knife sheath" found on a bed next to Maddie. They adding in a haunting detail that a surviving roommate thought she heard crying and "saw a figure clad in black clothing and a mask." The man walked past, as she stood in "frozen shock” before she locked herself in her room. Authorities have not disclosed a motive or if he had a connection to the students.