Mercedes have been accused of preventing porpoising issues from being solved despite suffering from the issue throughout 2022. F1 Chief Technical Officer Pat Symonds believes the FIA “overreacted” after Mercedes complained about the issue after the Azerbaijan Grand Prix. Lewis Hamilton complained of back pain after the race in Baku, limping away from his car clutching his spine. However, Symonds has claimed teams may have already found the solutions to porpoising if they were left to their own devices. He told Auto Motor Und Sport: “I think they [the FIA] overreacted a bit after Baku. In Baku, we saw the worst effects because a team tried something that didn't work and then went public quite loudly. If they [FIA] hadn't intervened, the problems would have been solved. Most teams now understand how to control the bouncing. “The teams first had to solve this problem before they could work on their aerodynamics. Bouncing is not purely an aerodynamic problem. There's also a lot of mechanics involved, for example suspension stiffness.” READ MORE: Max Verstappen puzzled by Lewis Hamilton crash woes as he aims jibe Hamilton revealed he was “praying for the end” of the race due to the pain and even admitted he would have an FIA extraction test due to the injury. This prompted the FIA to make major changes after the incident with a new technical directive launched at the Belgian Grand Prix. The update tightened the rules on floor rigidity and introduced an oscillation metric to stop teams from running their cars lower to the ground. For 2023, the car’s floor edges will be raised by 15mm while the underfloor diffuser throat will also be moved. The FIA has not had to secure a vote among the teams for the changes as they have been conducted under safety grounds. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton given warning as Damon Hill explains 'uphill battle' [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton opens up on early F1 fear after nightmare 2022 season [ANALYSIS]F1 set for four major rules changes ahead of 2023 season [COMMENT] The comments seem to agree with Christian Horner who also suggested it should be up to the teams alone to make engineering decisions. He slammed the FIA for being “unfair” and hinted teams were being penalised for building better cars. The Red Bull boss explained: “You have a choice where you run your car, don't you? You should never run a car that's unsafe. But I think that's more for the technical guys. Because certain cars have issues. And there are some cars that have very few issues. "So it would seem unfair to penalise the ones that have done a decent job, versus the ones that have perhaps missed the target slightly."