When a woman reaches her 40s, it can feel like a game-changing time when it comes to the skin as recent research by Hada Labo Tokyo found that 48 percent of women noticed more wrinkles on their face, dryness and lack of elasticity. For this reason, it is essential that women drastically change their skincare routine as soon as they reach that age, the experts said. Skin expert, makeup artist and part of the Hada Labo Skincare Panel Gina Akers shared the "most necessary changes" women need to make to ensure "a fabulous over-40s nighttime skincare regime". Lifestyle factors such as smoking, pollution and dietary choices, as well as hormonal changes such as the menopause, can also cause changes to the skin and speed up ageing, she explained. One of the expert's favourite skincare hacks to perform at night is the "DIY facial massage" that works 40 or more muscles in the face. To do this, no tools are needed, and your fingers can be the best skin de-stressor before bed. Women will notice an instant glow after performing the method and a younger appearance the next morning. READ MORE: Hairdresser's 'it' haircut for 2023 will 'highlight your eyes' For better results, apply a face sheet mask for 15 minutes, "which doubles the levels of skin hydration", leading to a "tighter, brighter, and smoother complexion and a more youthful appearance," Gina said. After removing the face mask, use the remains to perform the facial massage. “The more you move them, the more lifted, tightened and toned they become, busting stress at the same time," she said. Ensuring the skin stays hydrated is a huge factor when it comes to improving the skin’s appearance. Gina commented it is key that women find their most suitable moisturiser as it will be a "fantastic solution for the skin of women aged 40+" especially if it contains hyaluronic acid "for serious hydration".  “Hyaluronic acid is actually capable of holding 1,000 times its weight in water, helping to lock moisture into the skin, preventing dehydration,” explained Gina. At night, it is important to use a powerful moisturising lotion for very dry, dehydrated skin that penetrates deeper layers of the skin. “It’s at night time when our skin and body repairs itself, that dry, dehydrated, and sensitive skin can reap the benefits" of extra hydration as it helps "fill lines and wrinkles with hyaluronic acid," the expert explained. Along with whole foods, and an antioxidant-rich diet, packed with colourful fruits and vegetables, Gina said that cleansing the skin twice a day is vital, and especially at night. READ MORE: Princess Kate's 'favourite' tiara was special gift for Queen Elizabeth “A quick cleanse is fine in the morning, but a deep cleanse is essential in the evening. Try cleansing your skin for a minute or two with a creamy cleanser," she recommended. Ideally, the cleanser should contain hyaluronic acid formulated to "cleanse, protect and lock in moisture, leaving skin silky smooth". The beauty expert revealed that too much screen time can create more fine lines and wrinkles. “All the light from our screens can also lead to a dull appearance,” Gina explained, and added that to prevent this, women over 40 shouldn't have too much screen time at night and instead, they should opt for another routine before bed, such as reading a book. Things to do in the evenings instead of watching TV: