Tottenham could reportedly be forced to sell Harry Kane if they are to steal Josko Gvardiol from under Chelsea’s nose. The England captain’s contract expires in 2024 and Spurs could soon be forced to cash in if he does not commit to a longer stay. Bayern Munich are among the clubs circling and are said to be banking their chances on the Lilywhites' pursuit of the RB Leipzig star. Kane is widely considered to be one of the best strikers in the world and is currently enjoying an excellent season in the Premier League, scoring 15 times in 18 games. However, his contract situation will be an increasing concern to the club and their supporters. He would currently be able to leave for free in 2024, meaning Spurs may be forced to sell in the next six months. The north Londoners are expected to be busy in the summer transfer window with defensive reinforcements likely to be a priority. Gvardiol is believed to be one of Fabio Paratici’s top targets after a series of impressive performances for Leipzig and then for Croatia at the World Cup. The 20-year-old has been linked with a host of Europe’s biggest sides including London rivals Chelsea, with competition for his signature set to be intense. According to transfer guru Christian Falk, this is where Kane could come in. Bayern believe the club’s interest in the Croatian could open the door for an earlier departure for the England captain in order to maintain their finances. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE “Harry Kane is still the top target for Bayern Munich in the forward department,” Falk told CaughtOffside. “They’re aware of how difficult it is to sign an English player from England, but he hasn’t signed a new contract yet, which means there’s still hope. “Also, in Munich, they heard about the rumours from Leipzig around Josko Gvardiol. The club have said he’ll stay in the summer but we heard that Christopher Vivell of Chelsea knocked on the door to try and get him either in the winter (they said ‘no’) or the summer. READ MORE:Arsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWFive Man Utd transfer targets off limits 'even if Glazers sell up' after UEFA rule change “I think there will be some activity in the summer and here’s the connecting point to the Kane rumours: Tottenham are still very keen on Gvardiol, so Bayern are banking on some movement there, as Tottenham need money to buy Gvardiol. They’ll have to sell Kane if he doesn’t extend his contract; if they can agree a deal with Bayern, or Real Madrid perhaps, there will then be money for Gvardiol.” It remains to be seen how long Kane will remain a Tottenham player but the club’s supporters will be desperate to see him extend his stay given his vital importance to the side.