Gordon Ramsay was joined by fellow chefs Paul Ainsworth and Nyesha Arrington as they each went head to head in the kitchen. Each chef mentored four contestants across a three-storey kitchen, ranging from the gloomy basement, which provides only basic ingredients, to the start-of-the-art top level. However, some viewers were left confused by the concept of the ITV show. Gordon opened the programme by explaining how the competition would work. He added that the last contestant standing would take home a staggering £100,000. "This is Next Level Chef, the world's toughest cooking competition ever," he began. "Every great chef started at the bottom and worked in the toughest kitchens to make it to the top." READ MORE: Carole Malone fumes Harry 'should be banned' from 'every' royal event He continued: "12 aspiring chefs are facing a cooking competition like no other. "In an epic three-storey kitchen, it will make even the most experienced chefs nervous. "For the first time ever, incredible home cooks are competing against professionals and social media chefs with no idea what they'll be cooking. "The contestants have seconds to grab, minutes to cook and moments to deliver their dishes." The show kicked off with each contestant grabbing the most ingredients they could from the table within 45 seconds. They then had 45 minutes to come up with a creative dish in order to impress the mentors. After tasting each meal, Gordon and his co-stars had to come up with a winning dish, which would then send that person's team through to the next round. The remaining budding chefs would then have to face the cook-off. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Sue Cleaver distracts viewers with transformation [REACTION]A Place in the Sun buyer breaks down as she details heartbreak  [VIDEO]Emmerdale family torn apart after Matty betrayal [SPOILERS] However, Gordon's new cooking show left viewers divided and many took to social media to share their thoughts. Some blasted the concept of the programme, claiming to "switch channels", while others likened it to Masterchef. Philippa McLeod tweeted: "Not a fan of the format. Switching channels. #nextlevelchef." Sarah Chandler commented: "I might have to pull my skin off and pull it over my face. I want to watch but I can’t! #NextLevelChef." Another fan branded the show as "boring", while Dean Curd said: "This is a guarantee to bomb 10 minutes in and I’ve lost the will to live." Karen M Renton shared: "Another Masterchef knockoff?" While Michael harshly said: "POOR MANS MASTERCHEF #NextLevelChef." "It's like someone put MasterChef and The Crystal Maze in a blender," @Ariadne_Reviews pointed out. Although, some fans were loving the concept of the ITV show with Aaron tweeting: "#nextlevelchef - interesting concept, loving it so far!" JC praised: "You can’t beat a good Gordon Ramsay show. #NextLevelChef." Next Level Chef returns next Wednesday at 9pm on ITV.