An Australian TV host has criticised Prince Harry, accusing him of "grabbing the cash" because he will never wear the crown. Gary Hardgrave accused the Duke of Sussex of making a "dreadful" mistake by trashing his family in a series of revelations and claims in his memoir, Spare. Mr Hardgrave said: "He's now damaged his reputation with his cash-fuelled carry on. He's grabbing the cash because, well, he's never going to get the crown. "It is sad. I've always admired the Royal Family, a stable force for good, despite lamenting their many human frailties... People say the royals live a life of privilege, maybe they do, but the institution of the Royal Family is more about the responsibility and commitment to the people they serve." He continued: "I don't know why Harry has gone so wrong so quickly. He was a man who served his Queen and his country. He was supported financially and emotionally by a family of extraordinary people. He seemed grounded. He seemed loyal to the family." Mr Hardgrave added Harry's reputation as a military man has been undone due to the claims he has made against the Windsors. He said: "Harry's also sent a signal which shows gross disloyalty has its own rewards." In interviews broadcast on Sunday, Harry accused the Royal Family of being complicit in the anguish his wife, Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, has suffered. He also claimed his stepmother, Queen Consort Camilla, leaked private conversations to the media in order to improve her own reputation. In his ghostwritten memoir, Harry, 38, also details the Sussexes’ acrimonious split from the Royal Family in 2020 after their request to be part-time royals was rejected. Mr Hardgrave's opinions are in stark contrast with those of Omid Scobie, who wrote a biography on the Sussexes. READ ABOUT HARRY HAVING DOUBTS WHEN DISCUSSING THE ROYAL FAMILY The co-author of Finding Freedom said the frankness of Harry's memoir Spare is the result of a man who, for all of his life, "hasn't been able to share a word of it". Mr Scobie added there is not really much more for Harry to say and so royal watchers can expect to see a shift in the months ahead. Speaking to the BBC, Mr Scobie said: "[Harry's] watched other people tell that story over and over again, including journalists such as myself. "I think this is Harry finally wanting to put his voice on the historical royal record." DON'T MISS: Prince Harry slammed as 'paranoid' and 'unhinged' [OPINION] Harry hits back at Tom Bradby in tense exchange [REPORT] Prince Harry swipes at ITV just minutes into interview with Tom Bradby [REVEALED] He continued: "Of course, that does come with some downsides for those who have been part of his journey. We heard some sort of really startling confessions and stories about members of the Royal Family, particularly when it comes to Camilla and her relationship with the press. "This is really just Harry sort of pulling the curtain back on it all. We're actually getting, I guess, the look behind palace walls that we've always wanted." Mr Scobie said the Duke of Sussex is very confident in the story he is telling and it has taken him a long time to get to this point. Asked if he has the feeling from Harry and Meghan's team this is how they intend to continue, Mr Scobie said he thought the couple "have to be quite careful right now". He added there has been a lot of focus on their private life recently and their brand has been very much about drama and a soap opera which has been played out publicly. Mr Scobie said: "I think we're going to see, for the rest of this year, a couple sort of retreating from a lot of what we've seen over the last few months. "They've both shared their sides of the story. Harry more in many, many ways, in more ways than we could have ever imagined. "There isn't really much else to say and so I think we will see a shift in the months ahead. That said, when it comes to talking about reconciliation, that is very difficult after the amount that he has shared in this book."  Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace have not responded to the claims made in Prince Harry's book. Meanwhile, two-thirds (64 percent) of Britons have a negative view of Harry, up from 58 percent in May. Just a quarter (26 percent) see him in a positive light, according to the latest YouGov survey. Harry's net favourability among the British public is at an all-time low of minus 38 while the Duchess of Sussex has recorded minus 42. Among 18-24-year-olds, the proportion of positive and negative views of Harry was equal on 41 percent. Meghan still has a positive net favourability score of 10 among 18-24-year-olds, but this has dropped from 55 in 2017.  Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10.