Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has opened up ahead of tomorrow's Carabao Cup showdown with Nottingham Forest, and has appeared to rule out a deadline day signing to replace the strike Christian Eriksen. The Dutchman takes his side into the game at Old Trafford 3-0 up from the first leg after goals from Marcus Rashford, Wout Weghorst and Bruno Fernandes. But ahead of the match, United have been hit with bad news about Eriksen. The club released a statement confirming Eriksen would be out until late April or early May following his injury against Reading. “Manchester United midfielder Christian Eriksen is expected to be out of action for an extended period because of an ankle injury sustained in our Emirates FA Cup victory over Reading on Saturday,” it read. “Our Danish midfielder was withdrawn in the second half of the 3-1 win, after being caught by a tackle from Reading striker Andy Carroll, who was later sent off for two bookable offences. “While investigations are continuing, initial assessments indicate that Eriksen is likely to be out until late April or early May. “The 30-year-old's absence will be a big disappointment to manager Erik ten Hag and fans, given the consistency of his performances throughout the season so far, making 31 appearances since arriving at Old Trafford. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “However, there is hope that Christian can return in time to play a role in the final stages of the campaign. We all wish Christian the best of luck for a speedy recovery.” United are now woefully short in the middle of the park, with Donny van de Beek already out until the end of the season. But Ten Hag has provided a negative update by revealing the Red Devils are unlikely to add to their squad by tonight’s 11pm transfer deadline. “As you said, on deadline day it's difficult, you can't make policy on such bad injuries,” he said. “But we have players in the midfield department. Good players. We have players who can fill the gap." DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see He added: “Of course, he's disappointed, we are disappointed, but it happens in top football, soon it happens, but it did, and you have to deal with it. "I think you can never fill that (gap) because very player has his own characteristics, identity, another player will always fill in a different way, but it doesn't mean you have to be less successful. “It's quite clear Christian Eriksen brings top quality to our squad and he has some specifics that are hard to replace, such as his impacts in the final third with his final ball." Eriksen will now be missing for United when they lock horns with Forest in the cup on Wednesday. They’re already all but through to the final yet will now be without the Dane, regardless of who they face at Wembley. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Ten Hag has talked up Fred, believing the United star can make an impact in Eriksen's absence. “I think you mentioned already in your first sermon he's playing together with Casemiro in the Brazil squad,” he said. “There's worse squads in the world, they have so many choices they can make, but they play together and that tells something about the quality Fred has and what he can contribute to the team. "You see against Tottenham and Man City, when he's coming on last game he scores a goal. He has a lot of qualities, and they're a good combination, Casemiro and Fred." The United boss was also asked on Chelsea’s astronomical spending, with the Blues trying to land Enzo Fernandez from Benfica. But he shrugged off the question by saying: “I can't talk for other clubs, I'm talking for our club. “We have a strategy, so we keep the strategy where we want to go. We want to restore Manchester United to where they belong. "We are in a good direction and it also has to match our financial frames. We started the season, we keep consistent to that plan, to that strategy and we are developing as a club, we are developing as a squad in the way of play. "You see also the results in the process, we make the right progress, we have to keep the process going and keep improving every day."