Kate and Prince William showed once again their competitive side during their latest engagement carried out in Berkshire. Staff at the non-profit Windsor Foodshare welcomed the royals and spoke about the work the organisation has been doing in support of people struggling financially for the past 10 years. For the occasion, Kate donned a fuchsia jumper matching her long coat and paired with black wide-leg trousers. Prince William donned dark blue trousers paired with a green jumper and blue jacket on top of a shirt. While at the food bank, the pair heard more from volunteers and staff about the work being carried out at the charity, how the operation runs and how the cost of living crisis is impacting it. They also rolled up their sleeves and helped prepare some parcels for the food bank's clients. Prince William was seen looking intently at a list while pushing a trolley and placing items in various bags. The Princess was also spotted helping out, as she pushed her own trolley while speaking with staff about the items available. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry telling own story 'comes at a cost' The pair were then filmed chatting with staff and seemingly teasing each other over who prepared the parcels better. Later in the morning, as they were bidding farewell to the staff, the Prince and Princess were left in stitches as one told them: "One of you is better at packing than the other..." William quipped in response: "One of us is better at cooking than the other!" At the organisation, which forms part of Windsor Christian Action, Kate and William heard how staff provide short-term weekly help in the form of food parcels containing ambient foods, bread, eggs, fresh fruit and vegetables to any local household where there is a likelihood of an individual or family going hungry due to a lack of funds. Windsor Foodshare also provides toiletries and cleaning products to those in need on a monthly basis. And, to those experiencing mobility issues or with a lack of access to transport, it also provides a home delivery service.   This organisation has a link with Kate and William's three children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, as the school they started attending in September, Lambrook, is known to have donated items to Windsor Foodshare. An Instagram post shared by the prestigious school on December 7 shows a group of smiling children pushing trolleys full of goods. The photo was accompanied by a brief caption, reading: "A beautiful day to be out and about delivering items to Windsor Foodshare." The charity, whose funding principle is to treat everyone as equal with no judgement on people's circumstances, runs entirely through monetary and food donations coming from individuals, local businesses and retail outlets. Among those known to have provided donations to the organisation are Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson. In November last year, a royal source claimed the pair's gardener regularly takes the spare vegetables from their garden at Royal Lodge to the charity. During today's visit, Kate and William did not shy away from a conversation on the cost of living crisis and how it is affecting not just those in need but also this organisation, which has seen a rise in demand. Last year, the charity helped feed more than 7000 locals, 18 percent more than in 2021. Windsor Foodshare operates on a referral basis from a number of sources, including doctors, social services and schools.