Vladimir Putin's army is recklessly sending its troops to the slaughter in Ukraine, as it desperately attempts to make military gains on the battlefield. Fighting has been particularly fierce in the country's eastern Donbas region, where Russian forces recently captured Soledar after weeks of relentless attacks. The Kremlin now hopes that its army can press on and seize Bakhmut, as it tries to maintain its offensive momentum. However, Russia's gains have come at a huge cost, with hundreds of its troops being slaughtered in the process. Ukrainian soldiers defending the front lines in the Donbas described the fighting as reminiscent of the First World War. They said Russian commanders appeared to have scant regard for the lives of their men, sending wave upon wave of poorly armed infantry to try and storm fortified Ukrainian positions. Meter, a 54-year-old Ukrainian drone operator, told The Sunday Times: "It’s just like the First World War. "It’s crazy how many of them there are. If we kill them they just replace them. "They [the Russians] are taking grenades and AKs and trying to get as close as they can to just throw grenades into Ukrainian trenches. "They send the less trained people in front, the ones who can barely carry the guns. "Then the more highly trained people come.” He added: "If a Russian is injured, they’ll just let them freeze to death." Another Ukrainian described Russian soldiers as "cannon fodder" who "keep moving even if some of them are killed.” Ukraine's military claims that over 120,000 Russian soldiers have been killed since the beginning of the invasion on February 24th 2022. US General Mark Milley told a security conference in Ramstein on Friday that Moscow had suffered “a tremendous amount of casualties … significantly well over 100,000”. READ MORE: Iran preparing to take nuclear leap leaving world on red alert That figure appeared to be confirmed by US defence officials who spoke to The Sun newspaper during the conference. The American defence sources said Putin's army may have sustained as many as 188,000 casualties. The figure is believed to include both Russian forces and the Wagner mercenary group. On Sunday, the British Foreign Minister said he wanted Ukraine to be equipped with German-made Leopard 2 tanks. It had been hoped that Berlin would give the green light to the delivery of the tanks at the conference in Ramstein on Friday. However, Germany's new Defence Minister, Boris Pistorius, refused to commit to providing the tanks any time in the near future. DON'T MISSTV vet Scott Miller saving animals in Ukraine [NEWS]Former US Navy SEAL father-of-four killed fighting in Ukraine  [REVEAL]Ukraine partisans launch new devastating strikes as insurgency grows [SPOTLIGHT] James Cleverly told Sky's Sophy Ridge: "I have been talking with my international counterparts about the provision of military equipment, particularly the Leopard 2 tank which is an incredibly effective piece of equipment. "Of course, I would like to see the Ukrainians equipped with things like the Leopard 2, as well as the artillery systems that they’ve been provided by us and by others. "I will keep having those conversations with our NATO allies and friends, to facilitate the donation of the best military equipment to Ukraine to help them defend themselves against this brutal invasion."