Shakhtar Donetsk were left disappointed by Arsenal despite refusing to submit a formal FIFA complaint after discovering the Gunners had contacted Mykhaylo Mudryk without their permission. That's according to the club's chief executive Sergei Palkin, who has shed light on negotiations and the sequence of events that saw the 22-year-old winger join Chelsea in an £88million transfer over the weekend. Mudryk had previously looked set to join the Gunners prior to Chelsea's mega-money proposal but Arsenal were cautious with their approach to talks and discussions - refusing to place the money required immediately on the table. Instead, their strategy was to agree terms with the player first before striking a deal with Shakhtar, an important step they failed to achieve. Palkin has now revealed that Arsenal contacted Mudryk as far back as October, although they did not seek Shakhtar's permission prior to the private talks. Official Premier League and FIFA rules state that contracted players should not make any formal contact with another club without having the written consent of his current team - something Mudryk did not obtain from Shakhtar. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Nonetheless, Shakhtar were willing to let it slide as Palin told The Athletic: "When I met Arsenal and they mentioned they had already talked to the player and they had contacted the player, to be honest, I knew beforehand that they had started to contact him. "I said, ‘OK, you start to contact him but first of all you should close it with us’. But OK, we have what we have." When asked whether it was followed up with a complaint, Shakhtar added: "We didn’t do a formal complaint. They did what they did." Despite Arsenal's efforts, Mudryk would end up joining London rivals Chelsea despite agreeing personal terms with the Gunners. Arsenal had never firmly feared a Chelsea hijack as the player had made it abundantly clear on so many occasions that he wanted to join Mikel Arteta's side. Chelsea operated with a different approach and went straight in for the kill by going directly to Shakhtar - something that eventually paid dividends. Premier League leaders Arsenal are no strangers to 'tapping up' after they became embroiled in a row with Chelsea over Ashley Cole back in 2006. Jose Mourinho and Chelsea were found guilty of 'tapping-up' England left-back Cole during a hotel meeting before his move to Stamford Bridge. Cole had not received written permission from Arsenal to hold talks with the Blues - something that deeply frustrated the north London club before they decided to offload the defender. It's no secret that the majority of transfer deals do take place with some form of private contact between buying club and player behind the scenes. Most deals will see clubs agree terms with the player prior to starting negotiations with the selling club just to speed up the process. If you have a target itching for a move - it then ups the pressure on the selling club to strike a deal, working in the favour of the buyer.