The Last of Us will be hitting screens this evening (January 15) on HBO in America and tomorrow (January 16) on Sky Atlantic in the UK. The highly-anticipated series takes its cue from the video game of the same name. Leading the cast is Pedro Pascal as Joel and Bella Ramsey as Ellie with the pair embarking on a dangerous journey 20 years after civilisation has ended. The pair will be trying to break out of an oppressive quarantine zone with Ellie thought to be the hope to save humanity. They will have to venture across the dangerous wilderness of America and rely on each other for survival. Along with Pascal and Ramsey, the show boasts a star-studded cast including Nico Parker, Nick Offerman and Melanie Lynskey, among others. The show is going to be simulcast in the UK and America much like White Lotus and House of Dragon, so fans across the Transatlantic can catch the series at the same time. Joel will be seen over a great period of time both before and after the pandemic with many likely to be wondering about the actor’s age. Pascal said about his character’s arc: “It was this fascinating experience of starting with a character in one place, and then the defining moment for him happening so early, and creating, with an incredible makeup team and hair team and costume team, an entire portrait of loss in survival. “There are so many different components that were part of the exterior, that fed the interior for me, and I loved that. I loved that part of it because, if I didn’t have that dry gray hair, and wrinkled, sun-stained and damaged skin, I wouldn’t be able to feel the experience of the character, and thereby know how to play it. “It was all about putting those details together and continuing to discover them,” he added to Collider. Pascal was born on 2 April 1975 in Santiago, Chile and is currently 47. He started off his career in the 1990s with appearances in G vs E and Downtown. The star later went on to have bit parts in Undressed, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Touched by an Angel, NYPD Blue, Without a Trace and Sisters. The star’s first recurring role came in The Good Wife as Nathan Landry and was followed up with Omar Assarian in Lights Out. He also appeared in both The Mentalist and Graceland, however, his big breakout came in 2014 when he played the role of Oberyn Martell in Game of Thrones. His performance was memorable after Oberyn’s thirst for vengeance for the death of his sister ended in his violent and bloody death. Game of Thrones propelled Pascal firmly into the spotlight and he went to star in Netflix’s huge drug series Narcos, appearing as a major character between 2015 and 2017. Pascal has also had numerous film roles including Kingsman: The Golden Circle, Triple Frontier and Wonder Woman 1984, to name but a handful. His other big role was playing the title role in Disney Plus’ big budget Star Wars series The Mandalorian. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb Miligan's true identity in Kyle twist [VIEWER REACTION]Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire [INTERVIEW]Call the Midwife’s Shelagh Turner star addresses future of BBC series [VIDEO] He also reprised his role in TV series The Book of Bobba Fett and will be back again this year for season three of The Mandalorian. The Last of Us marks Pascal’s latest collaboration with HBO after Game of Thrones with the show already getting rave reviews from the critics. Pascal has a slew of other projects in the works including Strange Way of Life and The Uninvited, which are both in post-production. Additionally, he is going to be in the TV series My Dentist’s Murder Trial and Tropico, which IMDb has stated are in pre-production. The Last of Us airs on HBO tonight and tomorrow on Sky Atlantic and NOW at 2am and 9pm