The man charged with the brutal murder of four university students in Idaho applied for an internship at a local police force just weeks before the killings. Court documents released today claim Bryan Kohberger, 28, applied for an internship with Pullman Police Department in Washington, just a few miles across the state border from the murder scene.  He is also alleged to have written an essay in support of his application saying he wanted to help the force with ‘how better to collect and analyse crime data.’ New details in the case were released on Thursday ahead of Kohberger's first appearance in court after being extradited from Pennsylvania, where he was arrested on December 30. The 19-page probable cause affidavit says the 28-year-old suspect, who was a criminology student at Washington State University, had applied for the internship in September. "Kohberger also posted a Reddit survey which ... asked for participants to provide information to 'understand how emotions and psychological traits influence decision making when committing a crime,'" the affidavit said. A month later students Kailee Goncalves, 21, Maddie Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and Ethan Chapin, 20, were found stabbed in their beds in the early morning of November 13. His lawyer claims he is keen to prove his innocence. Kohberger was flown by Pennsylvania State Police to a small regional airport near the Idaho border and handed over to local authorities Wednesday evening ahead of his first appearance today.  Uniformed law enforcement officers were waiting on the tarmac for the plane to land, and then escorted the handcuffed Kohberger to a caravan of five vehicles for the short drive from Washington across the Idaho border. The public release of court documents finally sheds some light on why Kohberger is accused of the November 13 stabbing deaths of Kaylee Goncalves, Madison Mogen, Xana Kernodle and Ethan Chapin. Kohberger was arrested at his parents’ home in eastern Pennsylvania last week and agreed to be extradited to Idaho. His attorney, Jason LaBar, said he is eager to be exonerated and described him as “an ordinary guy." The attorney said that Kohberger would be represented by the chief public defender in Idaho's Kootenai County upon his return to the state. Until now police have released few details about the investigation and a magistrate judge issued a sweeping gag order barring attorneys, law enforcement agencies and other officials from discussing the criminal case. 