Helmut Marko has warned Red Bull could be disadvantaged by the team's budget cap penalty next season. He claimed the team would need to “hit the mark immediately” on introducing new upgrades due to a reduction in development time. However, Marko stressed the team were still “fortunate” as much of the work from last year would carry over into 2023. Red Bull dominated the sport last season with Max Verstappen securing a record-breaking 15 race wins. He told Servus TV: “We are of course sitting with this reduction of hours in the wind tunnel. That means we have to work very efficiently as a team. All the things we try out have to hit the mark immediately. “But fortunately the technical changes for next year are not that big. It means we have a good basic package.” READ MORE: Toto Wolff twists knife into Red Bull after 'unfair' punishment Red Bull was slapped with a reduction in wind tunnel testing for 2023 after being found guilty of breaching F1's strict allowance. Alongside a heavy fine, the constructor was issued a 10 per cent reduction on top of their reduced allowance for winning the championship. It means Red Bull will have 12 per cent less development time than Ferrari and 17 per cent less than Mercedes in 2023. Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has previously suggested the penalty was a “draconian” measure which could cost the team half a second per lap in performance. However, he has since hinted that the team could manage the issue by being more selective in their testing. He told GP Fans: “Of course, it will have an effect. It is constricting your development tools. DON'T MISSF1 team boss hits out at FIA over Red Bull budget cap penalty [INSIGHT]FIA urged to change F1 rules after Christian Horner's admission  [ANALYSIS]Red Bull chief Adrian Newey aims fresh FIA dig over F1 regulations [COMMENT] “It just means we will have to think smarter and be more selective in what we test and run but we just need to adapt. What we have lost in wind tunnel time, we have gained in motivation and I think that we have just got to get on with it, get our heads down and do the very best job that we can. “You can’t be greedy. Every single run counts and it has even more of a factor when you think we have potentially 20 per cent less than Mercedes, for example, in wind tunnel time. That is a significant amount but if any team can cope with it, we can.”