Cesc Fabregas has been pictured back at Arsenal as he works towards entering the world of coaching once he retires as a player. The Gunners have welcomed the Hale End academy graduate back to continue his coaching development, much to a mixed reception from fans. Fabregas made 303 appearances for Arsenal after joining from Barcelona at youth level, registering 57 goals and 95 assists. After an eight-year stint at the Emirates Stadium, the Spanish World Cup winner parted ways and made his dream return to Barca. Fabregas now has one eye on life beyond playing and wants to follow in the footsteps of several past team-mates by becoming a manager. And Arsenal are supporting his bid to do so, hosting him at the club's academy, where he has worked with staff, including Jack Wilshere, to aid his progress. Wilshere, who became Arsenal U18s' head coach six months ago, took to Instagram on Wednesday to share an image of the two working together with a heart-warming caption. JUST IN: Arsenal warned of transfer exit as Wright tips Eddie Nketiah for move  It read: "Learning from the best football brain I know! As a player, I wish I had the chance to play with this guy for longer but having the chance to pick his brain about certain situations and how he thinks about the game is invaluable. Thank you @cescf4bregas." After leaving Arsenal in 2011, he only spent three years in Catalonia before ruffling feathers by returning to the Premier League with rivals Chelsea in 2014, lifting two Premier League titles at Stamford Bridge. The 35-year-old spent five years in west London and has since spent time at AS Monaco and, most recently, Serie B outfit Como, who he joined as a player and part-owner last summer. Although some have welcomed him back to Arsenal with open arms, other supporters have questioned the decision after his controversial move to Chelsea. READ MORE: Arsenal recall Azeez for second time after another disappointing loan  @Ashwin_from_TV wants Arsenal to complete an all-star line-up of recent returnees: "Wenger, Wilshere, now Cesc... we're only an appearance from Santi [Cazorla] away from blessings from all my Arsenal gods. Please make it happen." @Gooner_vdW offered a sarcastic response to his return: "Great... let's get Van Persie back next..." Meanwhile, @libin_sp told Fabregas to complete his learning elsewhere: "Tell that [snake] to do it at Chelsea. Also, tell him you can't fix your relationship with Arsenal fans. Would trust an enemy [more] than a traitor." But @Dwayne_soz was among those excited to have him back in Arsenal colours: "He would be a good manager - hopefully, he manages us one day." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here