Queensbury Promotions Head of Media, Dev Sahni, admits that Artur Beterbiev ‘terrified the life out of him’ at the press conference for the Russian’s upcoming bout against Anthony Yarde. Both fighters square off on Saturday and met for one final press event yesterday before they come face-to-face in the ring. Sahni, who is known for pushing the needle, asked the unified light heavyweight champion whether he intends to get the job done quickly this weekend and received a stern response. “You always say that you like to go about your work, this is just your job, you just want to do your job, do your work. On Saturday, do you want to do your job quickly?” asked Sahni. To which, Beterbiev fired back: “Why do you want it to be very angry between us? You think we’re not going to fight? You think we’re not fighting on Saturday?” “I certainly don’t want to fight either of you,” replied Sahni, quaking in his boots. “But I’d like to know whether you think you can get the job done quickly on Saturday.” “I try to do my best,” retorted Beterbiev. “Well, there you have it,” said Sahni. “Artur Beterbiev has terrified the life out of me in the build-up to this.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Ukraine's Dalakian swaps seats to avoid snap with Russian Beterbiev Fury addresses Jake Paul 'fight fixing' rumours ahead grudge match Mayweather had UK bout turned down by Salt Papi as offer was 'too low' To his credit, Sahni saw the lighter side of the exchange, uploading a clip of the moment to his social media channels with the caption: “Well that was a fun press conference,” accompanied by the cold sweat emoji. In the lead-up to fight night neither has given much away and have remained tight-lipped throughout the build-up. All of the talking is expected to be done in the ring as two of the biggest punchers at 175lb collide at the OVO Arena in London. Between them, they have a combined 40 knockouts from 41 professional wins with few predicting it will see the final bell. Promoter Frank Warren is promising fireworks and has told fans not to blink for fear of missing the finish. “Listen, this going to be an out-and-out shoot-out between two massive punchers. Do not blink, watch it and I’m sure our man Anthony Yarde will come through,” he told iFL TV in a final message to everyone tuning in.  