Liam Smith has been working with Phil Foden’s sprint coach Tony Clarke for his upcoming clash with Chris Eubank Jr. The pair square off this weekend at the AO Arena, Manchester in a middleweight bout that pundits have struggled to call. Smith will be hoping his new addition can be the decider in a fight that could be won and lost on pacing. Clarke, who is responsible for speeding up Manchester City ace Foden, has worked with a whole host of well-known sports stars including Everton’s Conor Coady and WBO light-welterweight champion Josh Taylor. Under Clarke, Smith has been working on quickening his footwork and increasing his explosivity with fartlek training and plyometrics. “Boxers don’t just go out now and run for miles in big bags,” Clarke told the Daily Star. “There is a place for steady-paced running, and it is in the boxer’s plan but now it is more fartlek running.” Fartlek, deriving from the Swedish word for ‘speed game’, is a popular middle-distance running technique in which an athlete varies their pace from sprinting to jogging over and over in intervals. “His work rate in the ring is higher because he has more intensity because he is running fast and slow. He’s used to his heart rate going really high and then dropping from the track, which is mirrored in the ring.” Clarke has also incorporated a lot of ladder drills and explosive plyometrics to supplement Smith’s running. "Plyometrics for boxers is very important, it’s about developing the power from their foot strength and then through to their calves and straight the way up,” Clarke added. MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua 'rejected' fight with McKean due to troublesome quality Transgender boxing division to start with 'tester event' - EXCLUSIVE Fury vs Usyk given promising update with date and location teased “If I can develop that spring better through plyometrics then it is going to be better for the boxer. The quick feet drills, footballers do shuffles and ladder drills and that is good for lateral moving and so much is about footwork for boxers. It’s footwork for boxers but more advanced. “It was actually Liam who said the ladder drills could help his boxing and I was like, ‘Yeah?’ and it went from there.” Throughout the build-up to fight night, Eubank Jr’s engine has been highlighted as a key area to exploit and it appears Smith intends to do just that with his new training programme. Speaking to Sky Sports, Liam’s older brother Paul said: "[Against] Liam Williams, [Eubank] had him gone, he put a lot into it and all of a sudden he started to feel the pace a bit, took his foot off the gas. "I think he'll have doubt about his engine, about his fitness to do 12 rounds, bell to bell, at a good pace. There's a difference in doing 12 rounds and actually working bell to bell or working in bursts. I don't think he's done that for a long time. I think that's his worry deep down inside."