Pensioners are entitled to various benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) which can help raise their regular income. One of these payments is Attendance Allowance, which is available to those of state pension age who need financial assistance if they have long-term health conditions or illness. Older Britons are being encouraged to apply for this DWP benefit as they could receive an annual windfall of £5,000. Paul Brennan, the director of Benefit Answers, outlined how the payments work and what people should expect to get from it if they are eligible. He explained: “Attendance Allowance is a weekly benefit that is paid to people aged over pensionable age that helps those who have difficulty with their bodily functions, and who need support or supervision to avoid danger to themselves or others. “Currently, this benefit is worth up to £92.40, paid weekly - but this is due to increase to £101.75 in April of this year, adding up to around £5,000 annually. “But many people aren’t even aware they’re eligible, meaning millions of people are missing out on money that could fund essential care they might need in the future.” The DWP describes someone as being eligible for the payment if they “have a physical disability, a mental disability (including learning difficulties), or both”. Furthermore, claimants must have required help for at least six months to be eligible for Attendance Allowance. The amount of money someone gets from Attendance Allowance depends on the “severity” of their health condition or illness. Attendance Allowance payments have two different rates, one higher and the other lower, which are awarded depending on how the DWP sees fit. Eligible people of state pension age can claim £92.40 a week if they are eligible for the higher amount or £61.85 if they are entitled to the lower rate. A state pensioner who is dealing from a very serious health condition or illness may well get up to £369.60 a month. According to Benefit Answers, someone in receipt of Attendance Allowance for a full year can claim £5,000. It should be noted that if a benefit claimant’s health condition or illness changes dramatically, they must inform the DWP as this could affect how much they get paid. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Before applying for Attendance Allowance, pensioners need to make sure they have the following information on them: The benefits expert noted the importance of people making sure they share all available information with the Government. Mr Breenan added: “The DWP will send you a form focusing on how your condition affects you. “Make sure you’re putting in as much detail as you can so that they have a crystal clear picture of your physical or mental health needs.” Further information on how to apply for Attendance Allowance can be found on the DWP’s website.