KSI reminded everyone in crossover boxing why he is widely considered to be one of the best fighters in the sphere last night as he pole-axed FaZe Temperrr in front of a capacity crowd at the OVO Arena, London. After his win, the British YouTube star took to the mic and called out four names; Tommy Fury, Slim, Joe Fournier, and Tyron Woodley. Here, Express Sport takes a look at these potential fights and the likelihood of them taking place. Joe Fournier Fournier established himself as the frontrunner after the contest as he gatecrashed KSI’s interview and demanded to fight him. The Brit didn’t officially confirm that Fournier is next but did face off against the entrepreneur for the cameras. Fournier would serve as KSI’s toughest test to date with nearly double his in-ring experience.  The 39-year-old is 9-0 as a professional boxer and shared the ring with former heavyweight and cruiserweight world champion David Haye, in an exhibition bout back in 2021. Tyron Woodley Woodley is also a likely next opponent and would serve as a decent litmus test for KSI’s blockbuster showdown with Jake Paul at the back end of the year. The former UFC welterweight champion fought Paul twice, losing the first via split decision and the second via sixth-round knockout. If KSI can beat Woodley in a more convincing fashion than Paul, then it would give him a much-needed confidence boost heading into their long-awaited grudge match. MORE BOXING NEWS... KSI 'agrees to fight' against ex-Haye foe after vicious KO of Temperrr Slim outpoints Zanetti in brutal war and calls out KSI OnlyFans star Brooke makes quick work of Ordway in bloody bout Tommy Fury KSI has been interested in facing Fury for quite some time. Before his previous outing where he boxed two men on the same night (Swarmz and Luis Pineda) boxer-turned-pundit Spencer Oliver - who promoted KSI's first fight against Logan Paul - revealed that the Brit was hoping to make the Fury clash next. Speaking to iFL TV, he said: “It’s not just the Jake [Paul] fight that will happen, I don’t think that that will happen before a fight with KSI and Tommy Fury that was a fight that KSI was talking about. I’m giving you some exclusives here bro. KSI said to me that that is the fight he wants after this fight on Saturday night. He said, ‘Tommy Fury’s a fight that I fancy’ so there you go.” Although, it is understood that TNT is attempting to thrash out a deal with Paul for a fight this year which could throw a spanner in the works. Slim A disappointing display against debutant Tom Zanetti in the co-main event of Misfits 4 seems to have killed off the hype surrounding a Slim vs KSI fight. However, the 6-0 YouTube star is still widely considered to be a top-five pound-for-pound crossover fighter. After beating Zanetti via unanimous decision, Slim revealed plans to move back down to 168lb but admitted he would stick around at light-heavyweight for the KSI bout. 