Sarah Ferguson, 63, has been mourning the death of Elvis Presley's only child Lisa Marie Presley, who died last week aged 54 following a cardiac arrest. The Duchess of York is said to have "regarded Lisa Marie as family", with the pair having a "bond like sisters". A source close to Fergie told a US publication that the two originally met when Lisa Marie lived in Sussex with her ex-husband Michael Lockwood back in 2010. The source told Page Six: "They hit it off straight away, they just seemed to understand each other. "They became quite close and kept in touch when Lisa Marie moved back to the States. And she was very supportive of the Duchess when she had tough times, particularly when she was caught up in the ‘Fake Sheikh’ scandal." Lisa Marie was also "one of the few people who really reached out" to Sarah, with her even "offering" the Duchess refuge in Hawaii in 2010. READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss The friend continued: "The Duchess never forgot that Lisa Marie went out of her way to be a supportive friend. They really bonded as sisters." Sarah and Lisa were said to have spoken a matter of weeks ago "about [Lisa Marie's] daughter Riley working alongside the Duchess on film projects as her first adult novel is being turned into a TV series or film". Express.co.uk have contacted Sarah Ferguson’s representatives for comment who refused to comment. Fergie, who "regarded Lisa Marie as family" is said to be devastated by the news, as she penned an emotional tribute to the singer on Instagram. Along with a picture of the pair, Sarah wrote: "I say hello to you every day and I love you my sissy and I will continue to say hello to you every day. "You were my sissy, an amazing mother to Ben, Riley, Harper and Finley and a superbly loving daughter to Priscilla. "You have been my devoted friend for many years and I am here for your family to support and love them. I am deeply saddened by my sissy, you are in my heart." Lisa was rushed to the hospital on Thursday morning after she was found by her housekeeper collapsed inside her Calabasas home. Ambulance workers managed to reach the singer and regain a pulse, but she was brain-dead on arrival at the hospital, according to TMZ. DON'T MISS... Alex Jones on 'losing' her husband as he became 'shadow of himself' [INSIGHT] CJ Harris, former American Idol star, suddenly dies aged 31 [DEATH] George Clooney looks dapper in suit as he arrives at Jimmy Kimmel Live [PICS] Her family, including Priscilla Presley, rushed to her bedside where she was placed in an induced coma and on life support. As reported by the Daily Mail, on learning that she was already brain dead her family made the hard decision to sign a "do not resuscitate order". She suffered a second cardiac arrest and died, with her mother, Priscilla at her bedside. Hours after news broke of Lisa's cardiac arrest, Priscilla announced her daughter had died. The statement read: "It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us. "She was the most passionate, strong and loving woman I have ever known." Lisa's ex-husband Danny Keough performed CPR on his ex-wife until the paramedics arrived. Danny is the father of Riley, 33, and son Benjamin, who took his own life in July 2020 aged 27. Her fourth husband Michael Lockwood is the father of Lisa Marie's 14-year-old twin daughters Harper Vivienne and Finlay.