King Charles III will follow in his mother’s footsteps with a balcony appearance after his coronation, seventy years after he watched her be crowned Queen Elizabeth II. Buckingham Palace has revealed tonight details about what will happen during the Coronation Weekend between May 6 and May 8.    And a key moment for the newly crowned king will be when he appears on the balcony at Buckingham Palace to wave to well-wishers.  In a statement on King Charles III’s Coronation plans, Buckingham Palace said: "After the [Coronation] Service, Their Majesties will return to Buckingham Palace in a larger ceremonial procession, known as ‘The Coronation Procession’. Their Majesties will be joined in this procession by other Members of the Royal Family. "At Buckingham Palace, The King and The Queen Consort, accompanied by Members of the Royal Family, will appear on the balcony to conclude the day’s ceremonial events." In June 1953 he was only four years old when he stood on the balcony after his mother’s coronation at Westminster Abbey.  Back then Prince Charles received a special hand-painted children’s invitation to his mother’s Coronation.  He was the first child to witness his mother’s coronation as Sovereign. His sister Anne was considered to be too young for the occasion so was not there with the rest of the family. But she did join them on the balcony where she stood at the front with her brother.  Thousands of well-wishers were waiting in the streets below to catch a glimpse of the new queen and her family.  In fact, such was the outpouring of joy and love for the Royal family that they made a total of six balcony appearances for the crowds below.  And the historic scenes were captured by TV cameras, with 20 million people watching the service on television, outnumbering the radio audience for the first time.  READ MORE: Martin Lewis warns of eye-watering price hikes for broadband users   The BBC knew the event would be popular – but could not foresee that it would mark the coming of age of television, as well as the modernisation of the monarchy.  Millions of people around the world are expected to watch King Charles III’s Coronation on television, just as they watched his mother’s funeral service.  It is not yet known just which members of his family they will see standing on the balcony with him.  Given that Charles was four years old when he went to his mother’s coronation, it is possible that all of Prince William and Princess Kate's children, including Prince Louis who will be five years old by the day of the ceremony, will be there.  But there is a question mark over whether the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be invited and, if they are, will they attend.  DON'T MISSMum defends her baby's name after family say it sounds like 'disease' [REVEALED]Royal rule on ‘freebies’ which Meghan Markle allegedly kept breaking [ANALYSIS]Woman working two jobs to pay for mum's cancer treatment decapitated [REPORT]  In a recent television interview to publicise his memoir Spare Prince Harry was asked about it by ITV’s Tom Bradby.  He replied: “There’s a lot that can happen between now and then.  “But the door is always open. The ball is in their court.”  If they do come then they may think their children Archie and Lillibet will be too young to attend the coronation service itself. But the public might get a glimpse of them on the balcony.    