With the cost of living crisis raging on, many pensioners will be struggling on limited or low incomes. However, aside from the state pension, there is also another financial support available - namely through Pension Credit. Pension Credit is designed to help pensioners on a low income with their day-to-day costs and the Government states the payment could be worth thousands. Express.co.uk spoke to Veronica, 83, who learned about Pension Credit through a friend. She said: “Pension Credit is absolutely invaluable, and it really has been a great use to me. “My friend was in a really difficult financial situation, but Pension Credit really helped her, and she told me to approach Independent Age for help. READ MORE: State pension triple lock to offer ‘little light’ amid high inflation “It really is a marvellous payment which has helped me in so many ways.” Pension Credit offers vital boosts, providing a top-up to £182.60 weekly for single people, and £278.70 if a person has a partner. Some may also get extra amounts if they have other responsibilities and costs. However, despite the support Pension Credit can provide, it is one of the most underclaimed benefits on offer, with an estimated 850,000 people missing out. DON'T MISS‘Quicker and easier’ method to save for retirement [INSIGHT]Lloyds Bank warns Britons about British Gas fraud email [WARNING]Tax code 1257L explained as Britons could be due money back [UPDATE] Veronica explained: “There’s a huge amount of Pension Credit which isn’t being claimed at the moment - about £1.8billion - that really could help people. “I think the Government are being more forward to make people aware of it, as it didn’t have much publicity before, but not I think there is more encouragement to claim. “It can be pretty challenging with this generation. I was brought up never to ask for help, and to just get on with it. “That’s why I think many people aren’t claiming when they should be. But they can, and they should. READ MORE: PIP: Full list of freebies and discounts available to save thousands “They’re immensely helpful once you do get through to the Pension Credit claim line and the process can be straightforward.” Pension Credit does not only offer a financial top-up but it is frequently referred to as a “gateway benefit”. This is because it opens Britons up to a wide range of other forms of support including a Warm Home Discount and free TV licence for over 75s. Veronica continued: “My eyesight has been changing as I get older, and Pension Credit can help with the cost of glasses, for instance. “Also, if you need a new boiler or double glazing, Pension Credit can help cover some or even all of the costs. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Dentistry is available too, which can help with the usual check-ups. “Pension Credit has also helped with the cost of rent, water rates, and some telephone companies give you a special rate.” “I honestly do not know what I would do without it. God bless Pension Credit. It’s really changed my life.” To apply for Pension Credit, Britons can call the claim line on 0800 99 1234 They need to have the following information to hand: