Amazon founder Jeff Bezos — who celebrates his 59th birthday on Thursday, January 12 — and owner of Tesla and Twitter Elon Musk have been publicly feuding for more than two decades. The billionaires — each worth more than £90billion — first met 19 years ago. Since then, the pair have battled it out as each endeavours to win the 21st century “space race”. The pair first met in 2004 over dinner to discuss space exploration, as Mr Bezos wanted to consult Mr Musk, whose company was testing engines in Texas. But their meeting did not go well. According to Christian Davenport’s 2018 book The Space Barons, Mr Musk said Mr Bezos failed to follow his advice. He recalled: “We talked about rocket architectures. It was very clear technically he was barking up the wrong tree, and I tried to give the best advice I could… Some of the engine architectures they were pursuing were the wrong evolutionary path.” Mr Bezos launched Blue Origin in 2000 with Mr Musk setting up Space Exploration Technologies Corporation, also known as SpaceX, two years later. Although SpaceX came after Blue Origins, it had already tested some of the ideas Mr Bezos proposed which turned out to be “really dumb”, according to Mr Musk. He told Mr Bezos not to do the “same dumb thing” SpaceX had done, but felt his “good advice” went “largely ignored”. Relations between the pair have not improved in the years since.    While the 20th century was dominated by the space race between Cold War rivals the United States and the Soviet Union, the 21st century’s race is now dominated by billionaires namely, Mr Bezos, Mr Musk, and Virgin Group founder Richard Branson. In September 2013, Mr Bezos and Mr Musk came head to head again, battling it out over who could lease NASA’s Launch Complex 39A at the Kennedy Space Centre, Florida. While Mr Bezos’s Blue Origin had put in a proposal to make it a commercial pad that would make it accessible to all companies, a move that was backed by several US lawmakers, SpaceX wanted it exclusively. Then, Blue Origin filed a protest with the US Government Accountability Office against SpaceX’s use of the pad. Mr Musk then hit back describing Blue Origin as instigating a “phony blocking tactic”. In response to a query made by SpaceNews, Mr Musk said he would be happy to share the pad for the next five years with Blue Origin but simultaneously took a swipe at Mr Bezos and his company’s failure to create a “reliable” suborbital spacecraft, “despite spending over 10 years in development”. He wrote: “If they do somehow show up in the next five years with a vehicle qualified to NASA’s human rating standards that can dock with the Space Station, which is what Pad 39A is meant to do, we will gladly accommodate their needs. Frankly, I think we are more likely to discover unicorns dancing in the flame duct.” READ MORE: Elon Musk responds after becoming first person to lose $200 billion By December of that year, Space X took over the launch pad after Blue Origin’s protest was rejected. An eye for an eye, Mr Musk contested a patent award to Mr Bezos’s Blue Origin which saw the US Patent Trial and Appeal Board side with SpaceX. Over the years, the pair have also made digs at each other on Twitter, and in 2019, Mr Bezos poked fun at Musk’s desire to colonise Mars during a private lecture. Space News reported that year that Mr Bezos chided: "We have sent robotic probes now to every planet in this solar system, and this is the best one. My friends who want to move to Mars? I say 'do me a favour go live on the top of Mount Everest for a year first and see if you like it', because it's a garden paradise compared to Mars." DON'T MISS: Peston makes Corbyn squirm as he refuses to answer probe [PICTURE]Dysarthria is early sign of stroke that can appear week beforehand [INSIGHT]Uranium seizure at Heathrow indicates ‘dry run for a dirty bomb’ [REPORT]   Mr Musk has twice called Bezos a “copycat” and has accused him of attempting to hire SpaceX employees, reportedly offering them double their salary. In 2021, it emerged that Blue Origin allegedly offered SpaceX president Gwynne Shotwell the role of CEO. However, she turned it down, stating that it “wouldn’t look right”. Some jabs have had higher stakes than others: that same year, Blue Origin sued NASA over its contract with SpaceX and its project to send mankind back to the Moon. But on the other end of the scale, in December 2021, Mr Musk joked that he would send Mr Bezos a “giant statue” of the number two after he was named the richest person in the world, and last year, he slammed Amazon’s Lord of the Rings series on Twitter, writing that “J. R. R. Tolkien is turning in his grave”.   