The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's tell-all Netflix series, titled Harry & Meghan, was released last month and saw the couple delving into their turbulent time in the Royal Family and their decision to leave it behind and start a new life in the US. The series saw more claims made against the royals, but Prince Harry's memoir, Spare, is set to hit shelves soon. Speaking on GB News on Sunday, Katie predicted Harry could face "repercussions" if he "continues to throw hand grenades at the Royal Family". As Katie discussed the upcoming book with GB News host Cameron Walker, she estimated what the consequences could be. "The title, Spare - quite a loaded title," Cameron remarked. "It is a loaded title, it's a provocative title, it's thought-provoking," Katie agreed. She continued: "And if the title is one word to sum up how he feels, it packs a punch. "It's pretty powerful. I've spoken to Prince Harry in the past quite a few times... READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau's Dick Strawbridge tells wife 'to go' "There was one time he said, 'Id love to just be able to go into a coffee shop and buy a coffee to jump on the tube and travel on a train.' "I think it's very indicative of where the book is going to go and it suggests that he has always felt on the periphery, an outsider, a spare, a backup, rather than someone in his own right. "And actually, I think that's pretty sad." Cameron went on to ask the royal specialist: "How much do you think we will criticise the Royal Family?" "I think the title suggests that he's going to be quite critical," Katie predicted. "I mean, anyone labelled the spare and who sees their identity as the spare suggests it's not going to be entirely favourable about the Royal Family. "One does wonder if some of the revisions made to bring the book up to speed might also have included some watering down of the manuscript. "And I think Harry's also acutely aware that if he is seen to be overtly critical and damaging of the Royal Family as an institution, there will be repercussions to that." DON'T MISS... Emmerdale viewers 'work out' Leyla Harding relapse after rejection [REACTION]Coleen Nolan fumes Denise Welch 'doesn't listen' in Loose Women clash [VIDEO]EastEnders fans baffled by character's absence following Mick's death [LATEST] Katie added: "There's the matter of titles here and I suspect very strongly that Charles could revoke their titles and possibly not bestow titles on their children if Harry and Megan's intention is to continue throwing hand grenades into the Royal Family." In the recent docuseries, Harry reflected on how "terrified" he had felt when his brother, Prince William had "screamed" at him during conversations about the Sussexes stepping aside. The couple also talked about intrusion by the media and how they hadn't felt protected by the royals. Harry also detailed how the late Queen "silently" watched the row unfolding. Spare will be released on January 10, and there has been a lot of speculation about what the book might contain. Some details were provided by publisher Penguin Random House in October when the memoir was said to include "raw, unflinching honesty". Proceeds from the publication will go towards a number of British charities. A Royal Year with Cameron Walker is available to watch on the GB News website.