 Prince Harry has reportedly claimed he and Prince William begged their father King Charles III not to marry Camilla Parker-Bowles over fears she would be their "wicked stepmother", as excerpts from his book continue to rock the Firm. The Duke of Sussex’s memoir, Spare, will hit shelves on Tuesday, January 10, but leaked copies suggest that the Prince is continuing his attacks on the UK-based royals. One bombshell alleges that he and his older brother were both aware of Camilla as the “other woman”.  According to The Sun, which got hold of a Spanish copy of the book ahead of its release, Harry and William had separate meetings with Camilla before she officially joined the Royal Family. Extraordinarily, the Duke allegedly compared meeting his father’s girlfriend for the first time to avoiding pain while getting an injection. He writes: “This is nothing. Close your eyes and you won't even feel it.” Recalling the private meeting, Harry claims Camilla appeared “bored,” saying it was “pure formality” as he was not the heir or a major obstacle to the union. READ MORE: The 7 biggest bombshells from Prince Harry's book and interviews—what we know so far  He allegedly admits, however, that they did have a brief conversation about horses. Harry says he wondered whether Camilla would one day be his “wicked stepmother,” but went on to say he and William were willing to forgive her in “their hearts” if she could make their father happy. The Prince writes: “We saw that like us, he wasn't [happy]. We could recognise the absent glances, the empty sighs, the frustration always visible on his face.” He reveals that he and William promised their father they would welcome Camilla into the family, but requested that he didn’t marry her in exchange.  Harry claims that, while they approved of her, they “begged” Charles not to wed for a second time after the death of their mother Diana, Princess of Wales in 1997. Charles did not respond, according to Harry. According to the Prince, both brothers feared Camilla would be unfairly compared to the ‘People's Princess’. Harry reportedly goes on to say that despite their opposition to the marriage, a campaign began for the wedding to take place and for Camilla to become Queen. Charles married Camilla in a civil ceremony in 2005. At that point, it was agreed that the then-Duchess of Cornwall would be known as Princess Consort upon Charles’ accession.  However, last year, Queen Elizabeth II said it was her “sincere wish” for Camilla to take on the title Queen Consort, which the 75-year-old now holds. Harry has promised to tell all in his autobiography Spare, ghost-written by J R Moehringer, and is expected to reveal more than his and Meghan’s recent Netflix series did about the way he feels he has been treated by his family. In an excerpt obtained by The Guardian, the Duke claims he and his brother got into a physical altercation which saw William push him to the floor. He also alleged that Charles asked the two brothers to not “make my final years a misery” at Prince Philip’s funeral in April 2021. Charles reportedly “stood between” Harry and William “looking up at our flushed faces”, the Duke of Sussex wrote. “Please boys,” Harry quotes Charles as saying, “Don’t make my final years a misery.”