The start of the New Year is a great time to get back on track with your nutrition and what better way is there than to cook fresh, delicious meal. Gousto’s one of the UK’s most popular recipe boxes - Express.co.uk has even reviewed it - and now shoppers can save even more with a deal. Offering a range of delicious meals that are high in nutrition and suitable for any dietary reference, Gousto is one of the best ways to keep on track of your health. With rising food inflation, Gousto can help minimise overspending at grocery shops and new customers can save 55 percent off their first recipe box. Now, shoppers can save even more money and get up to £50 of their first four Gousto boxes with this new Top Cashback deal, which gives new members a £15 sign up. This means that if two people sign up and buy four boxes with five meals each, it’ll be £3.09 per person with the deal. In addition, if a family of four signs up with four boxes with five meals each, each portion will only be £1.76. Ideal for the new year, be sure to redeem the deal here and it expires at the end of March. Here’s how to get the offer: 1. Sign up to Top Cashback via this link. 2. Search search for Gousto and click to reveal the voucher code. This will give new customers 55 percent off their first recipe box. 3. Click ‘Get cashback now.’ All new customers of Gousto will then earn up to £9.45 in cashback on top of their sign up bonus. 4. Pick your size of box, and enter in relevant details. 5. Enter the valid voucher code at checkout to receive 55 percent off your first box. Pay as normal.Save up to £50 after cashback has been paid! Gousto is loved by Joe Wicks, The Body Coach, who enjoys its ‘banging recipes’ every week. Plus, shoppers praise Gousto for its wide variety of cuisines and easy-to-follow recipes, which provide essential nutrition in every meal. Alison from St Albans commented: “Food bill is reduced as I no longer buy veg and meat that I forget to use. On to our third week of orders now - delicious!” Rachel from Leeds agreed: “Exceptionally high quality ingredients, superb meat, great big portions. No waste - one of the best bits - and a significant saving on our weekly food bill.”