Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has suggested he expects to receive a triple boost ahead of Tuesday's Premier League clash against AFC Bournemouth. However, Jadon Sancho's return to action still isn't imminent as he continues an individual training programme at Carrington. United have won their three games since the season resumed after the World Cup break, scoring six goals and conceding none. The period of results, part of an impressive five-match winning run, has been made all the more eye-catching by Ten Hag's weakened options. He has had to field Luke Shaw at centre-back due to his strict left-sided centre-back philosophy, with Lisandro Martinez celebrating his World Cup triumph with Argentina. The Dutchman has also been without Diogo Dalot, previously starting him in all 20 of his games in charge before the World Cup. Scott McTominay featured in the Carabao Cup win against Burnley but was absent against Nottingham Forest and Wolves through illness. However, Ten Hag is 'optimistic' that Martinez and McTominay can return to his squad against Bournemouth at Old Trafford, while Dalot has also made 'good progress'. He told reporters: "We have to see. Both [Martinez and McTominay] were training yesterday and today. I'm quite optimistic that they can both return to the squad. JUST IN: What Man Utd chiefs think about Ten Hag after Rashford punishment  "Diogo Dalot also made good progress. We don't want to take risks with anyone because we know there are many games to come and we need a full squad to cover all the games." Ten Hag isn't expected to call on Sancho, though, as the struggling winger continues to train away from the first-team squad, according to the Manchester Evening News. The 22-year-old trained individually with Ten Hag's coaches after Gareth Southgate snubbed him in his England squad in Qatar. And the programme has continued after the return of club football, with the United boss raising concerns about his fitness and mental well-being. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo was left disappointed by Madrid call that never came  He will be hopeful United can start 2023 with a bang if he has an almost full-strength squad at his disposal in M16. Even if Dalot and Martinez are only fit enough for the bench, Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Shaw have deputised admirably over the festive period. Fans continue to anticipate Sancho's re-emergence, but the Englishman faces a fight to regain his place in the team once he returns to full training. Marcus Rashford is in the form of his career, and Antony is seemingly undroppable, despite his underwhelming form since his £85m switch from Ajax. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here