Joe Swash decided to joke around with his pregnant wife Stacey Solomon in a clip uploaded to Instagram Stories. The pair showed off their home Pickle Cottage as they larked about in the lounge.  As a heavily pregnant Stacey, 33, lay atop a comfortable-looking bean bag where she was playing with daughter Rose, when, Joe, 40, called her over to have a look at something on his phone. Joe said to her: "Look at this." Stacey, at first seemingly uninterested, replied: "What is it?" Ex-EastEnders star Joe told the couple's young daughter Rose to help "get mummy up" as Stacey began to shuffle down from the bean bag. READ MORE: Victoria Beckham 'cuts the price' of luxurious clothing line As she agreed to come and look at Joe's phone, Loose Women star Stacey rolled onto her back, moaning and groaning as she started to slip off the bean bag. "It better be good," she sharply quipped at Joe, unaware she was being recorded for the prank. In stitches at her attempts to get herself up, TV star Joe remarked: "It's like a bl**dy beached whale." The comment left The X Factor star stunned as she tried not to laugh as she shot back: "Oh my god, shut up." Stacey's baby bump was on proud display in a cream-coloured outfit, showing it off to her fans after keeping her pregnancy hidden for a number of months. As Stacey got close to the camera and asked Joe what he wanted to show her, the actor said: "It's a video of you getting off a bean bag." As he continued to giggle, Stacey said off-camera: "Oh, you're an idiot." Stacey shared the encounter in her stories along with the caption: "Accurately sums up my life right now." DONT MISS:Noel Gallagher splits from wife Sara as he 'moves out of family home' (PHOTOS)Christine Lampard's beau Frank reacts as she shares rare snap of son (NEWS)Lisa Marie Presley to be laid to rest at Elvis' Graceland with son (LATEST) It comes as Stacey addressed her role on Loose Women after fears she had left the show. The TV star appeared on-screen on Thursday morning as she chatted to Lorraine Kelly about the return of her BBC show as well as the impending arrival of her fifth child. The 33-year-old, who only announced she was pregnant two weeks ago, showed off her blossoming baby bump as she rushed to finish all her work commitments before the new baby's arrival which is "imminent". With Lorraine joking she had boiled the kettles and kept Dr Hilary Jones on standby in case she went into labour, mum-of-four Stacey said: "Nearly there now, very soon. It was a surprise but we're so grateful that we get the chance to do it again.” She also added of herself and her husband, Joe: "We just love being parents." Stacey's role on Loose Women was also mentioned by Lorraine, to which she said she loved being on the show. Fans worried she had left the programme after not appearing for a long period of time. She also didn't appear at the ITV lunchtime show's festive bash. The former X Factor star, however, did make a surprise appearance in the last episode of Loose Women of 2022, suggesting she was still very much part of the line-up. Stacey told Lorraine. "When I was on X Factor 14 years ago... I never even thought I'd be on a show like this never mind having opportunities like Sort Your Life Out and Loose Women.