The idea that the majority of tradespeople drive in gas-guzzling white vans should be dismissed, a study by Toolstation has found. Nearly nine in 10 UK self-employed motorists surveyed by think tank Transport and Environment (T&E) confirmed they either already own an electric van or will consider buying one in the next five years. UK new light commercial vehicle (LCV) registrations reached 282,139 units in 2022, a decline of 20.6 percent on the previous year of strong post-pandemic bounceback. Despite strong order books throughout 2022, performance continued to be held back by persistent supply chain issues, which have restricted production globally, resulting in limited model availability. As a result, the market was 22.9 percent down on pre-pandemic 2019, marking the fewest LCV registrations since 2013. The research, from the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT), found that 16,744 battery electric vans were registered in 2022. READ MORE: 'Mr Loophole' Nick Freeman tells drivers to 'give cyclists more room' This represents 5.9 percent of all vans joining UK roads last year and showed deliveries up 31.2 percent. There is an ever-increasing number of electric van models available for a broad range of use cases, helping drivers and businesses reduce their emissions. However, uptake remains some way off the new car market, where BEVs comprised 16.6 percent of new registrations Four in 10 of all the BEVs ever registered in the UK were delivered last year, but the SMMT argues that action from all stakeholders is needed to ensure the UK can achieve its ambitious green goals. DON'T MISSUK drivers warned of fines for driving a petrol or diesel car in Spain [WARNING]Speed limits may be slashed as 'the whole UK will inevitably be 20mph' [SHOCKING]'Incredibly easy' to use car tax trick to drive best electric cars [INSIGHT] In a recent poll by Toolstation, findings also show that 52 percent of tradespeople own a vehicle in a colour other than white, while just under a third drive a white van. Around 14 percent opted for a silver van, while 11 percent chose to transport their supplies and tools in a grey vehicle. A spokesperson for Toolstation said: “What’s interesting is what seems to be going on under the bonnet of tradespeople’s vehicles, with research showing that nine in 10 are considering switching to an e-van in the next five years. “[This] is probably being driven by increased parking costs and other charges. READ MORE: Majority of electric car charging stations are 'unsafe' “Electric vehicles offer a lot of benefits for tradespeople. Not only are they environmentally friendly, but they are also exempt from the congestion charge and ULEZ and grants are available too.” The changing habits of tradespeople are not just confined to electric vans and colour, however. The survey also found that 80 percent of motorists have had to raise their prices because of spiralling parking costs and the price of fuel. Mike Hawes, chief executive of the SMMT, called on the Government to improve public charging infrastructure to help the uptake of EVs among tradespeople. He said: “While demand for new vans remained robust throughout 2022, replicating last year’s high levels of fleet renewal was always going to be a challenge with relentless supply chain disruptions and wider economic malaise. “A return to growth is expected in 2023, but if this crucial sector is to deliver for the economy, society and the environment, action is needed from all stakeholders, particularly in the areas of charging infrastructure and fiscal frameworks, enabling more van buyers to make the switch.” The LCV market is set to deliver an additional £1.6billion for the British economy this year, and a further £2.4billion in 2024 as the latest market outlook forecasts around 330,000 new van registrations in 2023. With the second largest van market of all European nations, the UK should be at the forefront of LCV decarbonisation, with BEV van deliveries expected to rise by 60.7 percent in 2023.