The latest series of The Apprentice will be launching on BBC One on Thursday (January 5) at 9pm with more wide-eyed entrepreneurs being put through their paces. As always, the potential business partners will be hoping to impress mogul Lord Sugar in the weekly tasks and turning around a profit. Here's a look at the candidates ahead of their debut on the BBC programme this week. Avi Sharma Occupation: City Banker Lives: London Avi Sharma is the youngest of this year's business innovators and is hoping Lord Sugar's investment in his idea will take him out of the City 'rat race.' Bradley Johnson Occupation: Director, Construction Company Lives: North Yorkshire The self-made businessman says he has a drive and determination to succeed after building up a company from scratch, however, he admitted public speaking was his Achilles' Heel. Dani Donovan Occupation: Owner, Hair Salon Lives: Hertfordshire After starting her business as a teenager, Dani Donovan is hoping her idea will win over Lord Sugar and teased she was capturing a huge gap in the market. Denisha Kaur Bharj Occupation: Financial Controller Lives: Leicestershire Denisha Kaur Bharj says her hard work and determination are the key to her success and hopes Lord Sugar's investment will be the first step towards her building her own empire. Emma Browne Occupation: Senior Account Executive Lives: County Kildare Emma Browne says she has a unique business idea and is fully committed to making it a success and has over five years of sales experience, which should help with the tasks. Gregory Ebbs Occupation: Owner, Online Antiques Marketplace Lives: Shropshire Not only does Gregory Ebbs own an online antiques company but he also serves as a local councillor and in the past served as a professional cannon-firer. He will be hoping his idea can stand up to Lord Sugar's scrutiny and says it's a "fantastic principle". Joe Phillips Occupation: Safari Guide, South Africa Lives: Worcestershire As the self-confessed 'James Bond of the business world', Joe Phillips is a safari guide with a zoology degree who has gone into business with the hopes his idea will "help to save the ocean one lip balm at a time". Kevin D'Arcy Occupation: Accountant Lives: Dublin After launching a water sports equipment business during lockdown while juggling a job in finance, Kevin D'Arcy is hoping Lord Sugar's investment injection will take his company to the next level. Mark Moseley Occupation: Owner, Pest Control Company Lives: London Ex-soldier Mark Moseley has worked with people from all walks of life over the years and is used to hostile conflict zones with the boardroom being a cinch for him. Given his line of business in pest control, Mark says the industry is worth hundreds of millions of pounds and he can grow his business the quickest of all the entrepreneurs. Marnie Swindells Occupation: Court Advocate Lives: London Not only is Marnie Swindells a gold-winning boxing champion and says her experience coupled with Lord Sugar's years in the business world would be a winning combination. Megan Hornby Occupation: Owner, Sweet Shop & Cafe Lives: East Yorkshire Megan Hornby will be hoping her idea will catch Lord Sugar's eye, saying she's stated a business with a real niche and had made a success of it to date. Reece Donnelly Occupation: Owner, Theatre School Lives: Glasgow After launching his first business at 19 with a nous for business, Reece Donnelly says he has a track record for building success and hopes to make his home nation of Scotland proud as Lord Sugar's first candidate to hail from the country. Rochelle Anthony Occupation: Owner, Hair Salon & Academy Lives: Bedfordshire Rochelle Anthony says she does business with "a hint of glam" and hopes her knowledge of the hair industry will be the key to her success in winning Lord Sugar's investment. Shannon Martin Occupation: Owner, Bridal Boutique Lives: West Yorkshire Shannon Martin is the first candidate hoping to shore up investment from Lord Sugar in the lucrative wedding industry with her million-pound company. Shazia Hussain Occupation: Technology Recruiter Lives: London Shazia says she is able to find niches within business which could help her in the process as well as hoping to shine a spotlight on women with neurodiversity within the corporate arena. She said: “My USP is my ADHD, which means I can process information faster than others. This often means that my reaction time is quicker, and I look at things differently.” DON'T MISS...Camilla Tominey shuts down This Morning host in probe over Harry [VIDEO]Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer [VIEWER REACTION]Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again [INSIGHT] Simba Rwambiwa Occupation: Senior Sales Representative Lives: Birmingham Self-confessed “perfectionist” wants to shake up the business world and says his idea guarantees profit and will improve people's lives. Sohail Chowdhary Occupation: Owner, Martial Arts School Lives: Southampton Raised on a council estate, Sohail has had to fight and constantly prove himself and has a track record for success, hoping Lord Sugar will be willing to support his martial arts business. Victoria Goulbourne Occupation: Owner, Online Sweet Business Lives: Merseyside Finally, former flight attendant Victoria Goulbourne says she has the acumen and skills needed to be a valuable business partner to Lord Sugar. She said: "During the pandemic I had to change my career suddenly, I identified a gap in the market where there are no pick and mix sweets presented aesthetically. My business took off quickly and with Lord Sugar’s investment I know it could fly." The Apprentice starts on BBC One on Thursday, January 5 at 9pm