Arsenal have returned with an improved bid for Shakhtar Donetsk starlet Mykhaylo Mudryk after seeing their first offer turned down by the Ukrainian club, according to reports. The Gunners saw their first bid worth a total £55million rejected after entering talks, but the Premier League leaders have stepped up their efforts amid interest from London rivals Chelsea. The 21-year-old has already reportedly agreed personal terms on a five-year contract with the Gunners and is waiting patiently for the two clubs to find an agreement. Shakhtar have stood firm in their valuation of Mudryk and rate him in the same bracket as Antony and Jack Grealish, who cost £85m and £100m respectively. Arsenal's first offer was understood to have been made up of an initial £35m (€40m) up front with a further £20m in add-ons. That was swiftly turned down by the Ukrainian club, but the north London outfit have kept dialogue open during negotiations and have now submitted a second offer, according to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano. READ MORE: Martinelli fires warning to Mudryk as Arsenal continue transfer talks According to Ukrainian outlet Sport Arena, Shakhtar are 'now considering' whether to accept or reject the second bid from Arsenal, with Chelsea also keeping a close eye on the proceedings as the Blues weigh up whether to enter the race. It was reported over the weekend that the west London club, who are planning a huge window of spending after agreeing to sign Benoit Badiashile and talks underway for Enzo Fernandez, are hoping to hijack Arsenal's move for Mudryk, although the player favours a move to north London. It is not yet known how much Arsenal have offered for Mudryk, but it is understood there was some some distance between the Arsenal's valuation of the left winger and how much Shakhtar want for him. According to CBS Sports' Ben Jacobs, Shakhtar are demanding a fee of £55m up front.DON'T MISS Chelsea 'hope to hijack' Arsenal transfer deal for MudrykArsenal have Man Utd to blame in Mudryk transfer talksArsenal 'cautiously optimistic' of signing Mudryk despite two hurdles Their latest transfer bid could prove pivotal in their attempts to land the highly-rated youngster, who has scored 10 times in 18 games this season including three goals in the Champions League. He has also shown a creative spark, laying on seven assists for his team-mates in all competitions. Mudryk has made no secret of his desire to join Arsenal after dropping several hints in recent weeks. On Saturday, he posted an image via his official Instagram account praising both Mikel Arteta and Roberto de Zerbi as "top coaches", fuelling speculation he is ready to move to the Emirates Stadium. And recently, he admitted that he "dreams" of playing in the Premier League after being quizzed on Arsenal's interest. "I think every guy dreams about the Premier League. Arsenal is a very good team with a very good coach," he told CBS Sports. "I like the way they play. Yes, it would be hard to say no from my side, I can't say no but the transfer is not only my decision and my word."