This month, fans of the BBC crime drama will see the return of DCI Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) after nearly a year off the screen. With filming taking up 10 of the 12 months last year, actress Brenda shared the secret to giving the DCI her signature look. With the popular series mysteriously dropping off from the TV guide last year, viewers have been eagerly waiting for the last two episodes of series 11. Although fans won’t have to wait for much longer as Vera will be making a return on January 15, with six self-contained crime stories. Two of the episodes will be from series eleven with four instalments for the newest series. Sharing details of how she got into character every day, the 76-year-old actress explained the heat wave made it difficult due to Vera's iconic look. READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash She recalled: “It was 37C when we were filming on a golf course and I had all of Vera’s clobber on. “I thought I was done for. It was so hot I had to unbutton Vera’s mac. “I kept asking, ‘Could I take the mac off?’ I could if I really wanted to. But I tell myself I’m not going to be any cooler if I take it off.” On the other end of the spectrum, the cast and crew also had to film in freezing conditions. Recalling filming The Darkest Evening episode, Brenda remarked: “The heated waistcoat came out for that one. But then I can’t button up Vera’s mac. So I had to take the waistcoat off.  DON'T MISS... Happy Valley fans predict ‘creepy’ character return after prison twist [REACTION] Prince Harry’s pal says he had to ‘take the hit’ over Charles' mistake [VIDEO] Judge Judy calls Prince Harry ‘ungrateful’ and ‘selfish’ in GMB rant [ROYAL]  However, after going back home and having a rest she quickly changes her mind, adding emotions also come into play as there are still many people who want to continue the series.   “The detective's investigation leads her into a world of intrigue, betrayal and lust, when she learns that the doctor's relationships with those that knew her were anything but healthy."When DCI Stanhope speaks to the GPs husband, he tells the team that prior to her death she’d been called out to see a patient.However, her colleagues reveal that there isn’t a record of anybody who needed assistance.Vera then has to work out who lured out Dr Yo out and why they wanted her dead.  The new series of Vera will begin on ITV1 in January 2023 on Sunday, 15 January at 8PM.