According to Russian insiders, Putin has ordered the construction of new weapons with the capacity to create "radioactive tsunamis". Poseidon, as the nuclear torpedoes are known, have the ability to trigger huge radioactive waves. The weapons have been described by some news outlets as Putin's most "inhumane" and "fearsome" yet. Reports out of Russia claim that manufacture and tests of the weapon have been complete and are being bolted on to nuclear subs. This is according to an unnamed source close to the nation's military and defence industry told state-run media outlet TASS. The source said: "The first batch of Poseidon ammunition has been manufactured and will be soon delivered to special-purpose nuclear-powered submarine Belgorod." One key component of the weapon is a nuclear power unit which will give the device its own power source. The weapon is said to have an unlimited range, according to claims by the Kremlin, and can travel at speeds of more than 200km/h (124mph). The torpedo is specifically designed to travel undetected through the ocean and will detonate once it reaches its target - threatening to destroy coastal areas if deployed. The device was officially announced in 2018 when Putin announced the roll-out of six "super-weapons" in a terrifying speech. In the worrying address, the dictator said there was "no weapon" that could counter or destroy Poseidon. "They are very low noise, have high manoeuvrability and are practically indestructible for the enemy," he said. "There is no weapon that can counter them in the world today." Christopher A Ford, the previous US assistant secretary of state for international security and non-proliferation, said in November 2020 the Poseidon weapons were being created to "inundate US coastal cities with radioactive tsunamis". Last year, the US Naval Institute said the development of the weapon would be a worrying step forward in the nuclear arms race. It also warned that as a new weapon, it wasn't currently covered by current international agreements about nuclear weapons. "Perhaps most frightening, this nuclear weapon has the potential for autonomous operation," the institute stated. "A fully operational Kanyon [Poseidon] would have an incredible strategic impact. "As a new delivery platform, it is not covered by current nuclear arms treaties."