And I was wondering if the people who believe that would also be able to cite two of Starmer’s financial polices that made sense? Could they cite ANY Starmer economic policy – never mind two - that made sense. I’m guessing not. And the reason for that is they don’t exist. Well they might exist for a day or two and then Mr Flip-Flop dumps them if they’re proving to be unpopular. Currently I’m no big fan of the Tories and especially not Rishi who you’d hardly even know was our PM if he didn’t pop up at Prime Minister’s Questions every week. Whatever charisma he had seems to have gone walkabout, his WOW factor is non-existent and has the lowest profile of any PM in living memory. But do people really expect our economy to be tip-top after two years of a pandemic where it was literally shut down? Two years when people were paid wages to stay at home and not work? Two years in which inflation and interest rates have rocketed both of which are a worldwide problem and nothing to do with the Tories. In the poll for GBNews just 16 percent of people thought Rishi would manage the economy better while 32 percent believed Starmer would – although what their evidence for believing that is God only knows. Have people forgotten Starmer is the man who fought with all his might to have the Hard Left, anti-capitalist, Jeremy Corbyn elected as party leader? He’s the man who, even though he denies he’d take us back into the EU, is busting a gut to reconnect with what Labour calls “our allies in Brussels.” What - the allies who tried to destroy this country because we had the temerity to try and leave their little club? The allies who tried to steal our vaccines? Starmer’s denials about wanting to rejoin the EU ring hollow especially after an anonymous shadow cabinet minister recently said it WILL happen down the line. And of course the EU desperately wants Starmer as PM because they see he’s pliable and because they’re desperate to get their clutches back into us. That’s why they were fawning all over him at Davos. And what the Hell, you might ask, was Starmer actually doing in Davos? Rishi wasn’t there and Starmer had no real role other than to cosy up to EU leaders and convince everyone else he’s the man who should be running Britain. But, no matter how much Starmer denies it, his aim IS to forge closer ties with the EU even though 17.4m British people voted to cut them. Let’s not forget he tried to thwart the democratic will of 17.4m people by campaigning for a second referendum. Like so many Remainers he didn’t like the result of the first one so he wanted another... Another shocking statistic in this poll is that 50 percent of people would currently vote Labour while just 21 percent said they would vote Tory. And the Tories have only themselves to blame for this. They’ve spent the last 18 months in self-destruct mode and have literally been eating themselves alive. The lunacy in their ranks this past year has been a sight to behold. And they’re STILL fighting each other. So the next election isn’t Starmer’s to win - it’s the Tories to lose. But people really have to think – do they really want a Labour Party that has no loyalty, no connection to the working classes and that exists only to represent the Metropolitan middle class elite. Do they really want a leader who will forever be in hock to Britain’s militant union barons and is too cowardly to say a woman can’t have a penis? Do we really want MP’s in Government like the bullying, belligerent Labour MP for Brighton Kemptown Lloyd Russell Hoyle, who intimidates and menaces female MP’s in the House of Commons because they dare to speak out to defend women’s rights against Sturgeon’s vile Gender Reform Bill? Anyone who saw Hoyle menacing Miriam Cates MP in the Commons last week must be wondering why Starmer hasn’t suspended him or better still thrown him out of the party. Especially when he was also seen sharing a platform with trans activist Sarah Jayne Baker who has served 30 years for attempted murder, torture and kidnap. And if people think Woke Britain is bad now wait till Labour gets in power and the Woke Elitist-in-Chief, Starmer, is in charge. He will change the face of this country in ways you can’t even begin to imagine. People need to be careful what they wish for. Because while the Tories have been shambolic in the past 12 months, while they absolutely deserve to be kicked out at the next election – the British people don’t deserve the current Labour Party which used to be antisemitic but now seems to be becoming anti women – heckling, bullying, menacing and shouting down the women in their own ranks. Starmer never has and never will be a champion of the masses. And he can never be in charge of his Party’s destiny or ours as long as the dinosaur union barons have him by the goolies. And make no mistake – they have!