Officers who are "functionally illiterate in English" are being accepted into the Metropolitan Police, His Majesty’s Inspectorate of Constabulary Matt Parr has warned. Mr Parr said it was right that ambitious recruitment targets were being set but added that it shouldn't be at the expense of standards, The Telegraph report. He warned that the force is at risk of "recruiting the wrong people" but said Commission Mark Rowley has made it clear he wants to “dial down the requirement to meet those targets" to ensure the right people are recruited. In 2021, the then Commissioner Dame Cressida Dick announced plans to recruit 40 percent of the Met's officers from black and ethnic minority groups by 2023. But the number of BAME officers in the capital is less than 17 percent. Mr Parr said it would be "clearly wrong" for the force to be an "overwhelmingly white police force" adding that he supports the targets. But he warned that some officers a "functionally illiterate" in English. Mr Parr said: "We have a risk of recruiting the wrong people. You will hear people from their training school say that they are taking in significant numbers of people who are, on paper at least, functionally illiterate in English, and therefore just writing up crime reports has become quite difficult in some areas. “So in that drive, there is at least anecdotal evidence that they have lowered standards.” Speaking on the vetting process Mr Parr said he was not advocating a “zero tolerance” approach to minor misdemeanours. He said: “Everyone is trying to do the right thing here and they are all acting from noble motives by and large but the upshot is they are taking too much risk with people and where they are taking risk - and I would support them in taking risk - they are not managing it properly as well.” READ MORE: We will root out corrupt Met officers one by one, says Sir Mark Rowley The force has come under scrutiny recently following a series of convictions of serving officers. Sir Mark told the London Assembly routing out corrupt officers would take time and would not be "resolved overnight". The force was left reeling after one of the country's most prolific sex offenders, PC David Carrick, admitted 49 offences, including 24 of rape. Earlier this week one of the force's 'Safe School officers', PC Hussain Chehab admitted to several child offences, including four counts of sexual activity with a girl aged 13 to 15. Following Carrick's admission the force revealed it was reviewing over 1,600 cases of alleged sexual offences and domestic abuse involving its staff. Sir Mark warned that two to three cases against serving officers are expected to go to court in the coming months. He added: "There's a trickle of them and more are going to be surfacing." He said the cases are a "mix of dishonest, violence and violence against women and girls". He also told the assembly's Police and Crime Committee a new Met Police integrity hotline was revealing yet more cases.