Those who fall under the Chinese zodiac sign of the Ox will be born in one of the following years: 1949, 1961, 1973, 1985, 1997, 2009 or 2021. According to astrology, what can this sign expect from the upcoming 12 months? This year is the Year of the Rabbit, which spells good things for Ox. Among the 12 Chinese zodiac signs, the Ox is 2nd and the Rabbit is 4th, and according to Chinese astrology, the 2nd and 4th positions help each other out. This suggests that Ox will have good luck this year, although "you will still need to work hard and seize every opportunity to make your year more successful". What does Ox's year look like in health, wealth, career and love? READ MORE: What each Chinese zodiac sign can do for good luck Health According to Chinese astrology, Ox's health prognosis in 2023 shows a "downward trend". "When interacting with others, you may act on impulse, fight with each other or even get arrested, which would be very unfavourable to both parties, so Ox people, you should learn to restrain your temper." Things to pay particular attention to are road safety, as well as making sure to turn off the gas and electricity to avoid fire. Ox is predicted some "minor illnesses" in 2023, but to avoid them escalating, "seek medical attention and treatment quickly". Wealth According to Chinese astrology, "the wealth projection for you Ox people fluctuates greatly". This sign's earnings will "naturally come in" and the development of their business will be "prosperous". However, Ox may face some new changes in the workplace, which could lead to wage instability. "It is recommended that you do some good financial planning. If you feel unhappy with your current work, you may choose to change jobs. "You must ensure that your funds can support your daily living expenses during and after the change, otherwise you will find yourself in a very embarrassing situation." Saying this, it's important to note that Ox "will generally have good fortunes in this year". READ MORE: What each Chinese zodiac sign should avoid or risk bad luck Career As for career, working Ox can expect to "make great progress" in the coming 12 months. "Ox people in the workplace, you can give full play to your talents in projects this year, which will gain the appreciation of your leaders and colleagues, and you will get more opportunities to participate in major projects." There could even be a salary increase on the horizon, with the suggestion of a promotion in 2023. Be mindful though, Ox, that you may struggle with self-motivation, but it is important not to give up on a project halfway. Love In 2023, Ox's romantic forecast shows an "upward trend", but why is this sign so popular with the opposite sex. Chinese astrology dictates: "Ox people have natural leadership ability, so when you get along well with others, you always give them a very down-to-earth and reliable feeling." Not only this, Ox is a very good communicator, and can expertly express their emotions to others. Single Ox is likely to meet their "destined partner", so they must keep their eyes peeled. "You must seize the opportunity well, don't let the opportunity in front of you slip away, as you will regret it later." As for partnered up Ox, "you and your partner are predicted to get along very well" - just try and control your temper to avoid the occasional "dispute". "They should all be small fights between husband and wife, and soon they will pass without any impact on the relationship. "However, it is still recommended that you Ox people learn to control your emotions, so that husband and wife will get along more harmoniously, and your love relationship will continue to improve," reported China Highlights.