There’s been some huge changes for Kim Campbell (played by Angela Griffin) who has become a headteacher since viewers last saw her before Waterloo Road’s return last week. Although it’s clear she’s struggling with her new managerial role, actress Angela has revealed she’s thrilled to be back despite some initial reservations. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Angela admitted “it wasn't an immediate yes” when asked to return. “There's such affection for the show, and if you do it wrong you lose all that audience that have held it in high regard,” she continued. “I was intrigued by why they wanted to bring it back, I was intrigued by what they were going to do when they brought it back.” When it was explained “why” and “how” Waterloo Road would progress, Angela revealed she couldn’t wait to get onboard. Read more: Waterloo Road's Chlo star addresses 'sad' exit after brief return “I needed [Kim] to have evolved and she absolutely had,” Angela said. “She was very, very interesting to play. “It was exciting to be able to jump back into her shoes.” Reflecting on filming Waterloo Road, the actress explained the differences between the new series and the former hit BBC drama. She said: “I am so excited about being back. It's very bizarre because we've obviously been filming for quite a long time. We've almost forgotten that we're making something that's gonna go out. “So we are incredibly excited for everyone to see it as well because we put so much work into this.” On her character’s new role, Angela shared: “Kim is back. She’s got such a passion for the children, such a passion for the job, such a passion for school and education. “There's been a trauma that's occurred in the years since we've seen her which has really had a sizeable effect on how she is now. “Whereas she was very much involved in every single individual child's life she has become a bit distant and she’s incredibly hurt and that has caused her to have a little bit of armour so she's not a naturally head.” DON'T MISSHere's the lowdown on the cast of the new series of Waterloo Road [INSIGHT]Waterloo Road's Adam Thomas 'never wanted to return' to BBC drama [INTERVIEW]Waterloo Road fans in uproar as beloved character killed off  [VIDEO] Angela continued: “She tried to steer away from the pain that she was in she went down that management route. “She's there, she can be good at this job but her struggle, the conflict that happens with her is that she's pastoral at heart and being a head is about projects and raising money and politics and so on.” The actress explained there’s a “clash” between who Kim really is and in terms of herself as an actress coming back to a show that’s almost completely different. “It feels like go back but it doesn't, because it's a whole new cast apart from Adam and Katie,” she confessed. “Schools have changed so much since we last saw Waterloo Road so the storylines have changed. At one point the kids would be protesting because they wanted chips on the menu. “Whereas now the protests are about real political issues so the stories are very different. “The stories are relevant to now it’s very much a 2023 show it’s about things that are affecting young people now between the pandemic, the cost of living crisis, all these different things that have had an impact on the our generation of young people.” Waterloo Road continues on BBC One on Tuesday at 8pm.