Police are offering a £10,000 reward for information to help found missing Mark Gordon and Constance Marten and their newborn baby. Detectives say they are "extremely concerned" for the health and well-being of the newborn baby who has received no medical care since the three went missing on January 5. They say the baby has been exposed to sub-zero temperatures for almost a month and the couple were "constantly moving and awake for at least a few days". Aristocrat Constance Marten, 35 comes from a wealthy family with connections to the royals reportedly gave brith in a car several days before they went missing. Gordon was previously convicted of four counts of sexual battery in the US at aged 14, after he held a neighbour hostage at knifepoint. He spent 20 years in prison for the conviction. The pair were last spotted in Newhaven, East Sussex on January 8 where they were dropped near the port in the early hours of the morning. But police do not believe they took the ferry and are still in the UK. Police are concerned for the babyes welfare and are now fofering a cash prize for anyone who has any information. Detective Superintendent Lewis Basford, who is leading the investigation said the baby has recieved no medical care for almost a month adding that finding the baby is the "top priority". He said: "We're also concerned for the welfare of Constance and Mark, because our inquiries suggest that they were constantly moving and awake for at least a few days - which must be especially draining on someone who had recently given birth with no medical attention. "Finding the baby is our top priority and we are now offering a £10,000 reward to anyone who provides information which leads to them being found. Maybe you have been reluctant to come forward before, for whatever reason, with key information to help us find the family." READ MORE: Missing Nicola Bulley was on phone to work when she disappeared In September the couple began moving around different Airbnb rentals in what may have been a bid to hide Miss Marten's pregnancy. The police search for the family was sparked when officers were called to a burning car on the M61 in Bolton, Greater Manchester, on January 5. It emerged that the couple had abandoned the car when it broke down and took a taxi to Liverpool, and from there to Harwich in Essex. Since then they have been seen in east London, before travelling to north London and then on to Newhaven. In east London they bought camping gear and had a pram, but dumped the buggy in Flower and Dean Walk near Brick Lane shortly before midnight on Saturday January 7.  Mr Basford added: "We have no evidence to suggest that they boarded a ferry in Newhaven, and we still strongly believe that they remain here in the UK - although they could be anywhere. Our inquiries also establish that the baby was alive and with them when they got the taxi to Newhaven. "We know they were still in possession of camping equipment on Sunday January 8 and so I'd encourage people to remain vigilant and keep a look out for a blue tent. "Please keep your eyes peeled, especially while you are out and about in waste ground or beauty spots, or while you're walking the dog, and report any information to us."  Anyone who has information on the family's whereabouts can call police on 020 7175 0785, or to remain anonymous contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or online.