Jane Hawkes is a travel consumer expert and a former flight attendant. She shared her best baggage advice for customers. Jane said: “In light of the number of baggage issues passengers experienced in 2022, I would advise anyone travelling this year to try to do so with hand baggage only. “Pack like a pro by rolling up clothes, putting socks and underwear into shoes, using travel bags or packing cubes and layering up and wearing your biggest shoes so you have less to squeeze into a cabin bag.” In 2022 as the travel industry picked up following the pandemic, many passengers had issues with their bags. British tourists could avoid losing a bag by travelling with hand luggage only and packing very light. READ MORE: Meghan Markle’s ‘stylish’ and ‘cool’ holiday Jane added: “If you do have to check in baggage, look into purchasing an air tag or alternate GPS tracker so at least you know where your suitcase is even if the airline doesn’t. “Opt for luggage which is easily identifiable by its colour or pattern. Avoid checking in late as your bags will be last on and might not make that flight.” An air tag could help passengers track their bag if it doesn’t make it to their final holiday destination. A colourful bag can make it far easier to spot at baggage reclaim and avoid any mix-ups with other passengers. British tourists could even get their own customised luggage if they’re very concerned about losing their bag. If passengers are late to check in, their bags could be last on the plane and might be more likely to be left behind. Unfortunately, even if tourists take every precaution, they could still end up dealing with a luggage issue. Jane said: “Passengers who have become separated from their baggage should report the issue straight away to the airline, this is usually within seven days so they should check deadlines for their particular carrier. READ MORE: Cruise guest issues warning - could ‘bleed you dry’ “Airlines have 21 days to find lost or delayed luggage and reunite it with owners. If luggage is returned within 21 days, then passengers can claim compensation for delayed luggage. “If not, then they can claim for lost luggage. Claims should be stated as being under the Montreal Convention to show the airline you know your rights.” Passengers may be entitled to compensation if their bag is lost, damaged or delayed by their airline. Customers should report any issue as soon as possible to make sure they’re within the time window to do so. Jane added: “Supporting documents and evidence such as luggage labels, proof you reported the loss and boarding cards will be needed to support any claim.” Luggage labels will come in handy if a bag goes missing or needs to be tracked so passengers should make sure to keep hold of them. Jane advised: “If you cannot get hold of anyone at the desk or on the telephone, try contacting the airline via online chats or Twitter DM. “If you are unhappy with the response of the airline, consider the use of Alternative Dispute Resolution to mitigate your complaint and try to resolve it.” Jane Hawkes shares tips and advice on her blog ladyjaney.co.uk.