A colony of endangered emperor penguins has been found in Antarctica after being spotted from space by a telescope. Researchers were able to find the penguins thanks to the brown smudges of excrement the colony left behind. This means experts now know of 66 penguin colonies, half pf which were found by combing through high-resolution satellite images. It is believed that around 500 penguins live in the newly discovered colony, found at Verleger Point – towards the southwest of Antarctica. Peter Fretwell of the British Antarctic Survey (BAS) told the Times: “It really was a fly-speck. Unless you got the right image on the right day, you wouldn’t see it. And sometimes it’s obscured by icebergs.” Emperor penguins are the only animals that breed on Antarctica sea ice, meaning the sight of their excrement is a clear sign of a colony. While Antarctica's sea ice has previously been known to be more sturdy, there have been fears since 2015 that climate change is beginning to take more of a toll. In December, sea ice around Antarctica fell to its lowest level in 45 years, more than 193,000sq miles less than the previous record year, 2018. Mr Fretwell explained: “That’s really bad. If the sea ice doesn’t last until the end of the breeding season, when the chicks fledge they fall into the water, and they will either freeze or drown. And that means that we will have total breeding failure.” The emperor penguins are one of many species to be impacted by climate change. READ MORE: Horror warning tumultuous weather to be new ‘norm’  Earlier this month, it was reported that scientists are moving a seabird species and their chicks away from Hawaii to another island in a bid to save them. Hawaii’s Tern Island is just 6 feet (1.8metres) above sea level, posing a threat to Tristram’s storm petrels and their eggs. Biologist Eric VanderWerf of the nonprofit Pacific Rim Conservation told PBO News Hour: “Tern Island is washing away. Climate change is causing a greater need for this — for taking a species outside its known historical range.”