Shakira, 45, announced the end of her 11-year relationship with Gerard Pique, 35, last June to the surprise of many. The Colombian singer has shared her views on her ex-husband's reported new relationship with 23-year-old Clara Chia in her new track, Shakira Bzrp Music Sessions 53, which was released in Spanish on Wednesday. Since the breakup, Gerard has been pictured passionately kissing his new love interest Clara, as they appear to be far from hiding their blossoming relationship. Shakira issued a thinly-veiled dig over the professional footballer's new love as she quipped: "I'm worth two 22's. You traded a Ferrari for a Twingo. You traded a Rolex for a Casio." In an apparent swipe at the former Manchester United and Barcelona defender, Shakira sang: "A lot of gyms. But work your brain a little bit too." Shakira makes another clear allusion to Clara with the lyrics: "She’s got the name of a good person. Clearly is not how it sounds." READ MORE: Alex Jones on 'losing' her husband as he became 'shadow of himself' 'Clearly' in English translates as 'Claramente' in Spanish, which is seemingly referencing Clara, as some fans pointed out on Twitter. Elsewhere, Shakira is also facing a £12 million tax fraud trial in Spain with the singer also referencing that in her music. She sang: "You left me with my mother-in-law as a neighbour. With the press at my door and debt with the taxman. "You thought you’d hurt me and I came back stronger. Women don’t cry anymore, women invoice." Another part of the song says: "From love to hate there's only one step" before Shakira added: "No hard feelings baby, I wish you the best with my supposed replacement." Only a small part of the song's lyrics have been leaked online ahead of its world release, with Shakira also using the song to admit that she is now "too big" for her former husband. She said: "I'm too big for you, that's why you’re with someone just like you. I'm not coming back to you, even if you’re crying or begging." Gerard has seemed to respond on Twitter to his ex-wife's indirect jibes with a tweet featuring circus emojis. DON'T MISS... Jeff Beck dies after meningitis battle 'Tremendous loss' [DEATH] Angelina Jolie oozes elegance on shopping trip with daughter Zahara [PICS] James Corden's abandoned UK mansion is boarded up prior to return [INSIGHT]  It is not the first time Shakira has seemingly shaded Gerard in her music after making reference to a "necessary" split with an ex who is as "cold as Christmas" in her song Monotonía. The song, meaning Monotony in English, starts with Shakira singing in Spanish: "It wasn't your fault, nor was it mine. It was monotony's fault. I never said anything but it hurt me. I knew this would happen." She then alludes to the relationship being over before it ended, singing: "It's a necessary goodbye. What used to be incredible became routine. "Your lips don't taste of anything to me. Now it's the complete opposite." Shakira has also taken aim at Gerard via social media, as she penned an Instagram post about healing after betrayal on New Year's Day. Starting the New Year off on a positive note, she wrote: "Even if we are still open in this new year, time is in the surgeon's hands. Even if someone has betrayed us, we must continue to trust others. "When faced with contempt, continue to know your worth. Because there are more good people than indecent ones. More people with empathy than indifference. "The ones who leave are fewer than the many who stay by our side. Our tears are not in vain, they water the soil our future will spring from and make us more human so that even while suffering heartache we can continue to love. Shak."