Lauren Bolton has been part of a high-profile storyline including Max Turner (played by Paddy Bever) who was groomed by extremist Griff Reynolds (Michael Condron) into spreading racial hatred. As her role in the storyline came to an end, actress Cait Fitton penned an emotional tribute to her Coronation Street co-stars. Lauren first appeared on the long-running ITV soap in November 2022 as a love interested for Max. Her father was part of Griff’s gang and she played a pivotal role in grooming Max and getting him to make videos for Griff. Max was smitten with Lauren and did whatever Griff asked in order to impress the teen. However, the pair said goodbye in the most recent episodes as Lauren fled Weatherfield. READ MORE: Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire Lauren’s father is facing prison time for his role in Griff’s attempt to blow up the cobbles and the peace festival. Fearing Griff could come after her, Lauren is moving away to Devon to live with her mum. She met up with Max and asked if he wanted to go with her as they are both public enemy number one. While Max ultimately decided to stay on Coronation Street, he was heartbroken to say goodbye to Lauren. Reflecting on her time on the ITV soap, Cait penned an emotional tribute on her Instagram page. She wrote: “Wow ! What an incredible few months it has been on the cobbles! “I want to start off by saying how grateful I am to all my family, friends and of course the supporters of the show who have taken the time out to reach out and show their support. “It has truly been an experience of a lifetime! DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's John Stape returns as Fiz makes discovery [LATEST]Doctor Who's Millie Gibson seen on set for first time since ITV exit [EXCLUSIVE]Coronation Street fans 'work out' split for beloved couple [THEORY] “I want to say a huge thank you to @coronationstreet who have welcomed me in with open arms and trusted me to be a part of such an important storyline. “Thank you to my agent @brookekinsella for your consistent belief in me in helping me to achieve one of my absolute dreams.” Cait went on to pay tribute to co-star Paddy and hinted they could reunite in the future. “Thank you to my on screen partner in crime @paddybever,” she shared. “Paddy you are an absolute diamond, an incredible talent, and I feel so privileged to have worked with you. “You are the most hard working, most kindest person I know, thank you for taking me under your wing and making me feel apart of something so special. “For now we say goodbye to “Lauren Bolton” but hopefully this isn’t the last you’ll see of Max and Loz! #TeamLax.” Max’s storyline is set to continue as he is unable to escape from griff’s clutches - could he come to regret not leaving with Lauren? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday on ITV at 8pm.