Workers could gain better holidays, pensions and bonuses, and is claimed the votes of just 2,000 RMT members are needed to nail down a deal. The union was famed for its militant stance long before the latest salvo of strikes. Britons traditionally respect workers’ hard-won right to strike but have little patience for self-indulgent stoppages of essential services – especially if industrial action looks like a politically motivated attempt to hold our nation to ransom. Strikers should recognise that people will choose other forms of transport if they cannot depend on trains; consumers have complaints of their own about the high cost of tickets, and the rise of home-working and video-conferencing means many firms can still function when rail services stop. All sides in this dispute should strive to reach a fair deal without delay. Britain's social care crisis shames the nation and deepens the chaos in the NHS. It is appalling that 12,000 patients spent Christmas Day in hospital despite being medically fit for discharge. So-called “bed blocking” is stark proof our care system is not fit for purpose. It is a bureaucratic scandal that tens of thousands of people are waiting for their social care assessments. The NHS could focus on delivering emergency services and clearing Covid-era backlogs if an efficient system was in place to ensure those ready to leave a hospital get the help they need outside its walls. The problems with social care in this country are familiar to families in every community, but successive administrations have failed to deliver common-sense reforms. Affordable and dignified care must be available for all, as soon as it is needed. The new year count is underway at London Zoo and Whipsnade, Bedfordshire, with staff trying to keep track of just how many creatures live at these legendary sites. This is not a static population. Two Sumatran tiger cubs arrived last year and 10 Humboldt penguin chicks hatched. There are more than 14,000 residents to take note of, and we feel sympathy for zookeepers as they try to avoid counting the same meerkat twice. The glorious diversity at the zoos reminds us of the importance of stopping yet more species from sliding into extinction in the wider world. Wildlife is counting on us.