Newcastle have made a monstrous verbal contract offer to prise German prospect Youssoufa Moukoko away from Borussia Dortmund, according to reports. Moukoko is out of contract at the end of the season and can agree a free transfer to a foreign club this month. The 18-year-old attacker is wanted by Europe’s biggest clubs and has reportedly stalled talks with Dortmund. That is despite him slamming media reports linking him to big-money moves. Chelsea, Manchester United and Tottenham are all monitoring Moukoko’s situation ahead of a possible free transfer. Premier League rivals Newcastle have apparently already made a whopping contract offer during discussions with the player’s representatives. The Saudi-backed Magpies are prepared to pay Moukoko an £7.9m (€9m) salary to make him one of the best-paid teenagers in world football. On top of that, they have offered an eye-watering £26m (€30m) signing-on fee. JUST IN: Man Utd and Chelsea on alert as Barcelona 'put trio in shop window' That is according to German broadcaster Sport 1, who claim that Newcastle are prepared to rival Chelsea for Moukoko’s signature with a huge offer. However, they add that the player would prefer to stay at Dortmund and is seeking an agreement with the Bundesliga side. Moukoko rose to prominence with a remarkable scoring record in the academies of St Pauli and Dortmund. He moved to the latter aged 12 and played for the club’s U19s aged just 14. He then made his senior debut just days after his 16th birthday - the youngest the Bundesliga allows senior players to appear. Moukoko initially struggled to translate his scoring form at the elite level but enjoyed a breakthrough year in 2022. The teenager, who can play as a striker or on either side of a front three, has scored six goals in all competitions this season. Thriving in the post-Erling Haaland era at the Westfalenstadion, that is already his best return in a single campaign at senior level. DON'T MISS...Meet Joao Felix's model girlfriend as pair jet into London for ChelseaNewcastle copy Chelsea and try to pinch Arsenal target Moussa DiabyChelsea chiefs still not happy after changing mind on Joao Felix deal Earlier this month, it was reported that Moukoko had been impressed by Todd Boehly’s project at Chelsea and would ‘prefer’ a switch to Stamford Bridge, should he leave Dortmund. But the player does not seem keen to rush a decision on his future. Talks between Moukoko’s representatives and Dortmund could resume over the coming weeks. The Bundesliga club are desperate to keep their young talent, especially after losing so many key players over the last few years. Meanwhile, the German side are due to hold talks with midfielder Jude Bellingham over his future. They want an answer from the Liverpool and Real Madrid-linked starlet as they will need to replace the England midfielder should he choose to depart in the summer.