Meghan and Harry have been branded the "epitome of a narcissistic generation" by a broadcaster, who believes they are seeking "revenge" against the Royal Family. Emma Webb, royal watcher, broadcaster and director of the UK branch of the Common Sense Society, launched an attack on the Sussexes when asked what their "endgame" was following the release of their Netflix series. "I think they have a commercial interest in this but I think clearly from watching the last couple of episodes of the [Netflix] series, I think there is an element of revenge in this," said Ms Webb said. She added: "I think they are trying to take revenge on their family, partly for not getting exactly what they wanted." The Netflix docuseries dropped in two three-episode blocks released December 8 and 15 and caused a stir among royal watchers across the globe.  Ms Webb launched a scathing review of the series which she called "completely self indulgent" and claimed Meghan and Harry were the "epitome of a narcissistic millennial generation". However, "revenge" is only part of the story, according to Ms Webb, who noted the Sussexes were making "lots of money" off their media endeavours. She told News Nation: "There is a commercial interest in this, they are making an awful lot of money on this at the expense of the British [Royal Family]." Meghan and Harry say the Netflix series shows their side of the story with regards to their split with the Firm. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'killed off any respect' with Netflix doc  It details the difficulty Meghan faced upon entering the family. In the series, she said the media "would find a way" to "destroy her", no matter what she did. The show also highlights Prince Harry's claims that his brother, Prince William, "shouted and screamed" at him during a family summit at Sandringham with the late Queen and then-Prince Charles in attendance. The couple stepped down as working royals in 2020 and moved to California. They have taken on several endeavours including deals with Spotify and Netflix. Prince Harry is also set to release his memoir Spare next week. The couple continue to reside in Montecito, California with their children Archie, three, and Lilibet, one. 