The uncertainty over being able to get timely treatment should you need it – not to mention the difficulty of getting a GP appointment – has caused 480,000 people to sign up with the three biggest health insurance companies: Bupa, Aviva and Vitality. Long waiting lists due to lockdown, now exacerbated by strike action, are forcing people to turn away from the NHS. There are also plenty of people without insurance who are even taking out loans to pay for private treatment as and when they need it. People want certainty and peace of mind that their operations will happen and in a timely fashion. When Royal College of Emergency Medicine figures show up to 500 people a week are dying as a result of emergency care delays, and almost 2,500 more people died than expected in the week to December 23 – the highest number of excess deaths since February 2021, one of the deadliest periods of the pandemic – you can see why people are tempted to make alternative arrangements. A real mix of people are turning to private health cover. A significant number are young, with more companies taking out insurance for employees as part of a package to attract new staff. There is a sizeable shift in attitude and some insurance companies have had a 20 percent increase in take-up. Who can blame them when union leaders are threatening strike action for months on end, with a further walkout by nurses and paramedics scheduled over the coming weeks and months?  The unions are overplaying their hand, letting down their members and the public. Demanding a 19 percent pay rise for nurses and 26 percent for junior doctors was unrealistic and the longer the strikes go on the more the strikers lose public sympathy. With seven out of 10 patients now having their surgery cancelled or rescheduled at least once, the patients’ patience is fast disappearing. And while the Government brought in legislation this week to ensure minimum service levels are delivered in the NHS on strike days, that won’t do enough to calm the nerves of the public. Don’t be surprised if more move to the private sector. People who go on strike tend to harm their own sector in the long run – just ask the miners. NHS workers should know they are not immune from that and should think carefully about further strike action.  Move over Prince Harry, Boris Johnson is about to pen his memoirs. They could well be every bit as blistering, but who will be in his line of fire? Will this be the start of Boris’s next leadership bid, or perhaps a way to settle old scores? Who knows, but I’m certain there’ll be a few in Parliament who will be having sleepless nights ahead of publication, and who’ll be going straight to the index to see if they’re in it!  The Met is once again facing serious questions about who it employs. How did serial rapist David Carrick remain a police officer for so long? We don’t want more waffle about lessons learnt, we need action, a proper vetting process and a proper overview. The Metropolitan Police’s job is to identify criminals on the streets of London and yet it can’t even identify criminals within its own ranks. This is a serious dent to the police’s standing in the community and if it isn’t fixed rapidly we’ll all be the losers.  In a shock announcement, New Zealand prime minister Jacinda Ardern said she is to stand down and leave office in the next couple of weeks because she doesn’t have “enough in the tank”. While I can fully believe she is exhausted – it is a relentless job – I think we all know the real reason she is standing down is that she is “tanking” in the polls, not in energy levels. She was the world’s youngest female head of government, which is a huge achievement, but I am afraid that, given her disastrous, authoritarian Covid extremist policies, she will not be missed and history will not be kind to her. 