Sergio Perez has been urged to “step up a gear” in 2023 after Max Verstappen dominated the Mexican last season, according to former manager Adrian Fernandez. He stressed the Red Bull star needed to take a “big step” in 2023 but still backed his ability to take on Verstappen in identical machinery. Perez enjoyed some early success after taking pole position in Saudi Arabia and winning the iconic Monaco Grand Prix days after signing a new deal. This left the 32-year-old just 15 points behind the Dutchman after seven races with many tipping the former Racing Point driver to be a serious challenger. However, Perez dropped off mid-season after picking up just one podium in six races between Austria in July and Italy in September. Fernandez told Motorsport.com: “Checo is performing well. The problem is that Verstappen is driving next to him. “Checo is an excellent driver and now very experienced. But now he has to find out what Max does differently from him. READ MORE: Max Verstappen was left 'surprised' by Red Bull team orders anger “Max has of course been driving for Red Bull for some time and the team is built around him. Considering that, Checo is certainly not doing wrong and is probably doing exactly what the team wants him to do. But he will soon have to step up a gear. And I think he knows that too.” Over the course of the season, Perez secured just two wins and 11 podiums. This was a shadow of Verstappen’s success who secured a record-breaking 15 race wins in 2022 alongside 17 podiums. Perez has a deal in place until the end of 2024 meaning he could only have a couple of shots left at mounting a serious title bid. DON'T MISSToto Wolff picks who he wants to replace Verstappen and Perez [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen clarifies F1 'anger' after outbursts at Red Bull chiefs [ANALYSIS]Bernie Ecclestone 'would've thrown Max Verstappen out of Red Bull' [COMMENT] However, Fernandez still backs Perez to have a go at the top prize if he gets on top of one issue as he compared his predicament to Valtteri Bottas at Mercedes. Fernandez added: “Max is just on a different level. He is of the calibre of Senna, Schumacher and Hamilton. “I believe in Checo’s ability, but to get to that level, he will have to take a big step. And I’m not so much talking about how he drives, but more about how he works with the engineers to get the car to his liking and his consistency throughout the season. “Look at Valtteri Bottas. He spent years in the best car, but failed to become champion. The difference between him and Lewis? Consistency. That is what makes champions so special.”