Pedro Porro has addressed refusing to train with Sporting Lisbon ahead of his proposed transfer to Tottenham. The wing-back is finally set to complete his switch to the Premier League club - just 24 hours after it appeared a deal had collapsed. Spurs believed they had a £40million agreement in place to sign the former Manchester City star last week. However, Sporting are believed to have changed the terms of their asking price on Monday. It was reported by several publications that the transfer had fallen through and that the Spain international would remain in Portugal. But both clubs reopened discussions and are now close to sealing the deal. Porro, whose medical will take place on Tuesday, is believed to have skipped training with Sporting on Monday to push through the move. The 23-year-old insists he is ‘grateful’ to the club for allowing him to move to the Premier League. JUST IN: Tottenham could do three deals before 11pm January transfer deadline He said at Lisbon airport before his flight to England: “I’m grateful to Sporting, I love the club. I didn’t train as I was only focused on the transfer to Spurs but I will always be thankful to the club.” Porro has been linked with a move back to the Premier League. He spent three years on the books of Man City but never played for the perennial top-flight champions. Instead, he had a year on loan at La Liga outfit Real Valladolid before spending two years on loan at Sporting. That move was made permanent last summer. City had a £17m buy-back clause inserted into Porro’s contract. But despite being on the verge of lending Joao Cancelo to Bayern Munich, they opted not to take up the cut-price deal. DON'T MISS...Transfer deadline day deal sheet - What is a deal sheetTottenham may have been given huge Porro favour by ex-Arsenal starTottenham target Porro 'distraught' as deal at risk over £2.6m dispute Spurs have instead negotiated a £40m agreement with the Portuguese giants. To sweeten the transfer, the north Londoners have agreed to waive part of the sell-on percentage clause that the former player Marcus Edwards has in his contract with Sporting. Porro will become Spurs’ first signing of the January transfer window - despite head coach Antonio Conte demanding vast improvements. Conte has wanted to improve on both sides of his defence, with each of his wing-back options struggling in his preferred system. Meanwhile, outcast defender Djed Spence is being allowed to leave on loan to Ligue 1 side Rennes. Bryan Gil has returned to Sevilla in a similar deal, while there remains interest from Premier League clubs in midfielder Oliver Skipp.