Piers Morgan has been attacked over his stance on Prince Harry attending the coronation of his father King Charles III later this year as tempers began to surge on the latest edition of his Talk TV show. Tessa Dunlop, a historian, writer and broadcaster reacted angrily to the host, who had torn into the Duke of Sussex following the release of his hotly-anticipated book, Spare, last week, which sees him make a number of stunning claims against the Royal Family.  Mr Morgan asked her: "Why would two people who hate everything the royals seem to stand for, hate the monarchy, are intent on destroying it, have done nothing but trash it and diminish it in the last two years. "Why on earth would they want to be at a coronation of the next monarch of this country?" Ms Dunlop responded: "Piers, I thought you had read the 400-plus pages. You would have then got the message loud and clear, there is no macro Harry plan. He is a dyed-in-the-wool royalist. "He is going about it all in the wrong way. He has done unspeakable damage. But he wants to save the monarchy."  Elsewhere, Mr Morgan claimed reconciliation with Harry is "most definitely not on the cards" for King Charles. Speaking on his show tonight, the veteran broadcaster said he had "impeccable sources" who believe the King has not contacted his son, and doesn't plan to. He said his sources believe Charles is "absolutely livid", adding they told him there "has been no contact whatsoever" with anyone in Montecito, California, where the couple lives. Times Royal Editor Roya Nikkah told the show she believes Charles "absolutely does not want to be estranged" from his son. READ MORE:King Charles is 'absolutely livid' and reconciliation is NOT likely   Speaking to CNN last week, business consultant and royal commentator Hilary Fordwich, said the King is a "very gentle soul who wants to be reconciled with his son”. While the growing consensus suggests the King wants to smooth things over, Ms Nikkah conceded that he is not happy. She said that there is "no doubt" he and the Royal Family are "livid" following the release of the book from the Duke of Sussex. But she returned the the topic of reconciliation, stating that estrangement is something Charles "really will not want". DON'T MISSMeghan blasted for her 'uncharacteristic' no-show since Spare release [COMMENTS]Prince William given extra sausage in blow to ‘spare’ Harry [REPORT]Harry given a roadmap to 'restore his reputation' after memoir [LATEST]  Mr Morgan also said Harry and his wife Meghan Markle should "plunge to their knees" and "apologise" to their families in a furious rant. Opening his TalkTV show, the host criticised the Sussexes for their recent criticism of the Royal Family. He said of Harry: "This treacherous little toad has forgotten that he is supposed to turn into a prince after being kissed by a spoiled princess, not the other way around. "Before we even think about whether Harry and Meghan should be allowed anywhere near the coronation, and for me, they absolutely should not be considered for an invitation, one thing would need to happen. "They'd have to go on national television...plunge to their knees and issue a global apology to their families on both sides who they so mercilessly trashed."