With the festivities of Christmas and New Year done and dusted for another year, January can feel like a bit of a grey month. Spending time outside and tending to your garden can be a terrific mood booster - both therapeutic and enjoyable, but as winter draws on, it might seem like a bit of a waste of time. But did you know there are things you can do to give your pride and joy a boost in spite of the frosty temperatures, ready for the start of spring? Whether you are a novice or an expert, these 10 jobs from the experts at National Garden Scheme and Gardners' World will help prepare your garden for the months ahead and give it the best start possible for 2023.    Plant tidying is an ongoing task, but there will be more dead and decaying foliage during the winter months. So why not get to it? A tidy garden equals a tidy mind. Plus, keeping on top of it means you will not be left with the long and arduous job of tidying up months' worth of dead plants and weeds. Tools, like us, need some TLC every so often, so why not sharpen your hoes, secateurs, and shears? Also, do not forget to spray your metal tools with oil. Failing to take care of your gardening equipment will only result in you having to spend money on new ones in the future.       Now is a great time to do some digging or tidying, provided your soil is not too damp. The cold weather will help to break down the soil and get rid of those pesky weeds that never seem to go away - just make sure you expose their roots. There is no time like the present to get your soil ready for sowing seeds, and using a cloche is the perfect way to do this. A cloche is a covering, made from either glass or rigid transparent plastic, that protects plants from cold temperatures. So by using one or multiple, you can ensure the soil is kept as warm as possible to give those seeds the best possible chance when you sow them in the near future.   On those dreadful days when the weather is too much to bear, why not go through your seeds and make sure they are still in date, as well as deciding which ones you want to purchase for the upcoming season? Doing this can save you a lot of time when it comes to planting your seeds. While sowing vegetable seeds will not bring an instant and noticeable change to your garden, you will reap the rewards in early spring. Lettuces, radishes, and carrots are among the vegetables that can be sown early this year.       Over the next month, various bulbs will start appearing, such as snowdrops, so make sure to keep an eye on their progress and remove leaves as they appear to allow them to get as much sunshine as possible. At this time of year, garden birds are often struggling to find food, so if you have a bird feeder or table, make sure to top it up regularly You can pick up bird seeds at your local supermarket, garden centre, or, if you are lazy (like me), online—the birds will thank you for it. Plus, they will liven up your outdoor space with their happy chirping, so it is really a win-win situation.  Following on with the bird theme, do not forget to top up your bird baths with fresh water on a daily basis and use warm water to melt the ice on frosty days. Providing the ground is not frozen you could always plant some shrubs or hedges or even bare-root roses.  