Husband and wife Doc and Lucia were searching for a home in the whitewashed town of Alora, in Andalucia, Spain, on Wednesday's instalment of A Place In The Sun. The couple fell head over heels for one property Laura Hamilton showed them, but the host ended up fighting back tears as she had to confess there had been a problem with the home. Laura admitted she'd never experienced anything like this during her 10 years on the show. Doc and Lucia met almost 30 years ago and had always dreamed of moving abroad to Spain and spending their retirement travelling. They had a budget of £110,000 and required a home with a minimum of two bedrooms. The first house Laura took them on a tour of was on the market for £110,000 but an offer had already been put on it, so Laura advised them to act quickly if they wanted it. The pair were blown away by the first property which was fully furnished, with Lucia branding the balcony area "peaceful" and "beautiful". READ MORE: Americans 'growing tired' of Harry and Meghan's 'victim narrative' Following the tour of the property, they told Laura it was ideal and would be difficult to beat. Lucia found the second two-bedroom property to be the opposite of the one they first viewed as it was "quite dark" and "not very homely". After exploring the rest of the property, Lucia and Doc ruled it out and wondered if Laura could find them a house with a third bedroom. Laura took the couple back to Alora's town centre for them to explore a townhouse, but they were less than impressed with the look of it from the pavement.  However, the home included three bathrooms and three bedrooms. It was priced at £102,000. "It feels like we have gone into a cave house," Doc admitted as he looked around the quirky home to which his wife replied: "It doesn't feel right." "I'm just not feeling it," Lucia confessed as she asked Laura to put a halt to the viewing. They swiftly moved on to the fourth property which included three bedrooms, a living area, a shower room, as well as a patio and terrace with beautiful views. DON'T MISS:A Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton warns guest 'you can't afford it' [LATEST]Laura Hamilton pens heartfelt post to co-star Jonnie amid cancer news [UPDATE]A Place In The Sun's Laura Hamilton hides leg bruises amid health woes [INSIGHT] "It's sort of blown my mind a bit as to the opportunities with this," Lucia exclaimed as she and Doc explored the home. The townhouse was on the market for £115,000 and was a contender for the couple, but they admitted it needed more work than the first property. The final property was priced at £111,000 and included a rooftop swimming pool and five bedrooms which the couple adored. The following day, Doc and Lucia met up with Laura and revealed they preferred the fifth property as it had a larger outdoor space, and they wanted to put in an offer. However, Laura tearfully admitted: "Now I've got something I need to tell you which is a really, really, awful thing for me to have to do. I've never ever, in my 10 years of being part of this show, had to do this."   She revealed the owner of the home had given authority for a family member to take an offer from someone else the previous afternoon, and they had put a holding deposit down. "I am just so sorry, I am so sorry, God it's awful and I've been sitting here wondering how I break this to you because it's just awful. But things happen for a reason," she emotionally added. However, by complete luck, the offer fell through a few weeks later, so Doc and Lucia put in an offer which was accepted. A Place In The Sun continues on weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4. 