Liverpool icon and Sky Sports pundit Jamie Carragher slammed two Chelsea players during their 1-0 defeat to Manchester City on Thursday. Graham Potter’s outfit saw their disappointing form continue, as two of Pep Guardiola’s substitutes combined to get the only goal of the game as Jack Grealish crossed for Riyad Mahrez to score from close range. Carragher was commentating on the game and was not impressed with the defending for the goal, as Grealish was able to slide a low cross across goal for his Algerian team-mate at the back post to tap home. The Blues’ miserable evening saw not just the three go to the visitors, but Raheem Sterling and Christian Pulisic were injured and forced to come off the pitch in addition to Mason Mount’s withdrawal prior to kick-off.  Carragher slammed both Marc Cucurella and Kepa Arrizabalaga for their part in the City goal, claiming that both should have done better after previously predicting that the left-back was vulnerable down his side. “Cucurella doesn’t want to defend,” Carragher said just moments before the goal. “Mahrez has just got to keep attacking him. “If you look at this far side [for the goal] Cucurella, Cucurella stops and it’s a simple tap-in. Can the goalkeeper do more? I think he can. I think he could have done more, Cucurella certainly could have done more. Big question of Cucurella in this second half, he doesn’t want to defend certainly one-on-one. “That’s the power they have from the bench. He’s the goalscorer but it all comes from Jack Grealish, it’s a tap-in, say a big thank you to Jack, Riyad. We spoke about form, we spoke about Grealish before the game, he’s the man who sets it up.” DON'T MISSChelsea new kit 'leaks' as Blues go back to roots with latest stripHaaland fired warning by Guardiola over behaviour ahead of Chelsea clashRonaldo banned from making Al-Nassr debut due to Man Utd tantrum Guardiola switched his system and wingers in order to attack Chelsea’s full-backs, as in the first half Joao Cancelo was deployed further forward in front of Kyle Walker, but could not get the better of Cucurella. Both Cancelo and Walker were substituted at half-time for Manuel Akanji and Rico Lewis. Then Grealish and Mahrez came on for Bernardo Silva and Phil Foden, and then minutes later combined as the England star’s cross could not have been cut out by Kepa, and then Cucurella was beaten at the back post by Mahrez. After the World Cup break, Chelsea have lost away to Aston Villa, drawn with Nottingham Forest and defeated Bournemouth prior to taking on Manchester City. Potter has seen his position come under pressure as before the break his side had gone six domestic games without a win, and next faces a trip to Fulham after a FA Cup tie with Manchester City on Sunday, where they may have to compete without Mount, Pulisic or Sterling.