The agent of Leeds transfer target Nicolo Zaniolo is currently in Milan attempting to secure his client a move to the Rossoneri, according to reports in Italy. The want-away Italian playmaker is vying for a way out of Roma before the transfer deadline and Jose Mourinho's side are ready to approve the transfer should their £25million asking price be met. But Zaniolo is understood to favour staying in Italy should he leave the Stadio Olimpico despite interest from Leeds and Bournemouth. Cherries chiefs even flew to Rome to try and convince the 23-year-old to join the club but Zaniolo did not even entertain the idea of sitting down with the Vitality Stadium hierarchy. Leeds are now at the table and have failed with an initial loan approach for the Italy international but the Whites are continuing to monitor the situation in the final hours of the window. However, according to TV Dello Sport in Italy, Zaniolo's agent Claudio Vigorelli is now in Milan trying to get AC Milan to pursue a deadline-day transfer for his client. FOLLOW TRANSFER DEADLINE DAY LIVE WITH EXPRESS SPORT The club have shown an interest but currently believe Zaniolo is out of their price range. Furthermore, AC Milan would prefer to sell to an English club as Roma are currently a rival in the Serie A top-four race. Problematically for Leeds, Leicester are continuing to push for winger Jack Harrison despite failing with their opening bid. Harrison had 18 months left on his current deal at Elland Road and the club would like him to extend his stay. But Leicester are pushing hard for the player and he could be one to watch on transfer deadline day. In order to sanction his departure, Leeds would need to bring in attacking reinforcements through the door and at this stage of the window, there is no guarantee that would be possible. Leeds were interested in Shakhtar Donetsk winger Tete - who was on loan at Lyon - but he has now joined Leicester. Roma have told Zaniolo to stay away from the club after he attempted to force through a transfer. He initially asked to be left out of the club's 2-0 Serie A victory over Spezia but has since continued to disrupt day-to-day business at Roma by upsetting the apple cart. Jose Mourinho wanted to keep the forward but his recent antics have caused tension amongst Roma supporters, who want him gone. A group of the club's ultras reportedly confronted Zaniolo at his home in the Casal Palocco area of the city on Sunday night, forcing him to call the police. Tottenham had previously shown interest both last summer and earlier this month - offering an initial loan-to-buy deal. Roma rejected those advances as they want a permanent sale that would guarantee them a substantial fee that they could reinvest on new signings. The club had been keen on landing Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea but he is now heading to Paris Saint-Germain, who he will join on loan.