On Monday, the White House Counsel’s office stated that it was no visitor records exist for President Joe Biden’s home in Wilmington, Delaware. The statement comes after Republicans have been calling for the release of President Biden’s visitor logs after classified documents were found at his private residence.      At least 20 classified documents have been found at President’s Biden home and at an office, he previously worked in at a thinktank in Washington. The documentation comes from when President Biden was the vice president for Barack Obama. CBS News broke the news story, and also reported that some files were marked “Top Secret”, the highest level of classification in the US. On Sunday, the chairman of the House of Representatives Oversight Committee, James Comer, requested visitor logs for the President's home after the White House said five more classified documents were discovered.      In a letter to Ron Klain, the White House Chief of Staff, Mr Cormer wrote: "President Biden's mishandling of classified materials raises the issue of whether he has jeopardised our national security. "Without a list of individuals who have visited his residence, the American people will never know who had access to these highly sensitive documents." The White House has said that no visitor records have been kept. They said: "Like every President across decades of modern history, his personal residence is personal.” READ MORE: Diana's therapist warns against 'venting all feelings to all people      A spokesman for the Secret Service also reported that the agency does not "independently maintain our own visitor logs because it’s a private residence.” In the past, the Secret Service has said they do not keep visitor logs on presidential private residences but they do have a current permanent presence in President Biden’s home and screen visitors before they enter. The agency said stated that no visitor logs were kept for former president Donald Trump’s home Mar-a-Lago, where hundreds of classified documents have been discovered by the FBI.  DON'T MISS:Cold snap can have a ‘serious impact’ on health [REVEAL]Dog walker trampled to death by cows in ‘horrific’ attack [REPORT]Strikes mean Year 11 pupils have had one year of undisrupted learning [INSIGHT]    There is no legal requirement for a US President to publicly disclose visitors to their private home or at the White House. However, President Biden reinstated the practice of releasing White House visitors on its website. The practice first began during former president Barack Obama’s presidency but was paused after Donald Trump took office in 2017.   