Prince Charles used to joke, “who knows if I’m even your real father?” to Prince Harry, the Duke of Sussex has claimed in his new memoir Spare. Harry said that his father, then the Prince of Wales, made the comments amid rumours that Gulf War veteran James Hewitt was his father.  According to the Duke, his father also chuckled about an escaped Broadmoor patient who he had once met who claimed to be the Prince of Wales. Charles would allegedly joke that the patient was so convinced of his identity as the heir to the throne that it posed “big questions”. According to the Sun, he said: "Which could say which of us was insane. "Who knows if I’m really the Prince of Wales?  "Who knows if I’m even your real father?” The Duke claimed that his father would laugh at this joke despite the fact that it was "remarkably unfunny". It was also despite the fact that there were consistent, although unfounded, rumours that Mr Hewitt was the Duke's father. However, Harry is adamant that his mother's affair with Hewitt began after he was born.  READ MORE: The 10 biggest bombshells from Prince Harry's book and interviews He also added that his father never spoke directly about the rumoured affair. The Duke argued, however, that the rumours persisted out of "sadism" and because Hewitt had red hair, as does he. In 2002, Mr Hewitt confirmed that Harry had already been born by the time of the start of his affair with Diana, a claim he reiterated in 2017. Diana's former bodyguard also supported this claim.  DON'T MISS: Harry says he 'begged' Charles not to marry Camilla [REVEAL] Harry’s ‘betrayed’ claims doubted by broadcaster Dan Wootton [INSIGHT] History of Prince Harry and Princess Anne's relationship [SPOTLIGHT]  Mr Hewitt met Diana when he was asked to give her riding lessons when he was still an Army officer. The affair was revealed by The News of the World before being confirmed by Princess Diana during her bombshell 1995 interview with Martin Bashir. In 2021, he was reportedly living in Devon with his elderly mother and working as a gardener, according to the Independent. Express.co.uk has approached Buckingham Palace for comment. 