He was speaking about the various savings options families can use to build up savings for children such as Junior ISAs. He warned starting a pension for a child is not for everyone but it may appeal to some Britons. Speaking on his ITV Money Show, the financial journalist said: “This might appeal to some grandparents out there. Even people who earn nothing, including under 18s, can effectively get 20 percent tax relief on a pension. “If you do the maximum you can do each year, you put away £2,880 and it becomes £3,600 that you have invested into the pension, so you see the difference, that’s the tax gain. “It gets the relief and the extra is given as relief at source. Your pension firm will automatically add it in most cases.” Pensions work by compounding interest over time, meaning the interest that is earned on the money invested in the pension pot eventually earns interest itself. READ MORE: TSB increases interest rates on savings accounts and launches new offer of up to £260 The longer a pension pot is open for, the more compound interest a person will accrue, so starting a pension fund for a child is a good way to build up funds over time, as it will have several decades to grow. Mr Lewis explained: “The money is locked away until they’re at least 57 under current rules so I need to be plain, this is not a short term thing we’re talking about here. Yet starting a pension early is a big boon because it’s got more time to grow.” The current age a person can access their pensions is 55 although this is due to rise to 57 from April 2028. Mr Lewis spoke about some of the options for a grandparent who wants to set up a pension for their grandchildren. One option is a stakeholder pension, which have capped charges and often offer low and flexible contributions. Another type of pension is a SIPP (self-invested personal pension), which offers more flexibility about how the investments that form the pension work. A person may choose to invest in different assets such as company shares, property and land and investment trusts Mr Lewis said: ““Get general financial advice if you’re unsure about it. If you want to put money in a pension for your kid, if you’re a grandparent and thinking will they ever remember me, they will do if you pay for their pension.” READ MORE: 'Tried-and-tested' tips for cutting food shop as high food prices 'can't be undone easily' He also shared a simple rule with his audience about how much a person should put aside for their pension. The rule is to set aside half a person’s age, as a percentage of their income. For example, a 30-year-old person should set aside 15 percent of their income into pensions. Mr Lewis said although not many people do this, the rule of thumb “just gives you an idea that the earlier you start, the better, which is why this is useful”. The rising cost of living means pensioners need more funds to pay for their everyday needs. Recent figures from the Pensions and Lifetime Savings Association found a single person would need £12,800 a year for a minimum standard of living in retirement. A person who wants a moderate standard of living would need £23,800 while those hoping for a comfortable retirement currently need £37,300 a year. Tom Selby, head of retirement policy at AJ Bell, said: “It is a sad fact that people on the lowest incomes are, on average, facing the biggest challenge, as they tend to spend larger proportions of their income on things like food and energy, both of which have seen eye-watering price rises over the last 12 months. “That said, retirees are facing painful increases in living costs across the board, with the spending needed for a single person to enjoy ‘moderate’ and ‘comfortable’ living standards in retirement increasing by 12 percent and 11 percent, respectively.”