Here we go again. Tottenham, not for the first time, are facing pressure from Manchester United to sell one of their prized assets. Harry Kane is the latest player to become a target for the Red Devils - but they face a fight to get a deal done due to their rocky relationship with Spurs chief Daniel Levy. Manchester United have never been able to raid Tottenham for a single player since Dimitar Berbatov swapped north London for Old Trafford back in 2008. The Bulgaria international had spent all summer long pining for a move to Sir Alex Ferguson’s side, who had won the Premier League and Champions League the previous season. On deadline day, however, Manchester City entered the running. And with Levy fed up of United’s reluctance to cough up the cash, the Tottenham chief accepted their bid. Then, everything changed. United effectively kidnapped Berbatov at Manchester airport, pushing him into a car and taking for a medical. In the end, Tottenham had no choice but to let him go - much to their annoyance. And, in the years since, Levy has stopped the Red Devils from signing four of his players. Express Sport now takes a look at how Luka Modric, Gareth Bale, Eric Dier and Toby Alderweireld were denied the chance to move to United. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Back in 2012, Modric had established himself as one of the best midfielders in the Premier League. And with United legend Paul Scholes approaching the end of his career, having previously performed a U-turn on retirement, the Red Devils decided to register an interest in the Croatia international. Except Levy, still livid at the way Berbatov’s exit to Old Trafford had played out, decided to intervene. He made it clear in no uncertain terms that Tottenham wouldn’t let Modric move to a Premier League rival, with Chelsea also showing interest. The midfielder would proceed to join Real Madrid instead and, after a shaky start, has proceeded to win an impressive five Champions League titles. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Gareth Bale was Tottenham’s best player in the 2012/2013 season, impressing under the tutelage of Andre Villas-Boas. And the Wales international became United’s priority target as a result, with new Red Devils boss David Moyes keen to strike a deal. United actually offered a massive £125million to land Bale, with Ed Woodward keen to get the Moyes era off to an exciting start. Tottenham, however, rebuffed their bid. Levy always preferred to sell Bale abroad and he got his wish, with Real Madrid again landing their man for a world-record fee of £80m. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Jose Mourinho seemed to have United heading in the right direction come the summer of 2017. Having replaced Louis van Gaal 12 months previously, he’d gone on to mastermind EFL Cup and Europa League triumphs during his first year in the job. Mourinho set his sights on a deal for Tottenham star Eric Dier, who he planned to play in midfield. Yet with Tottenham long making it clear they wouldn’t deal with United, Levy stuck to his word. The Red Devils would proceed to land Nemanja Matic instead, with the Serbia international spending five years at the club before leaving for Roma on a free transfer last summer. The best Tottenham have played over the past decade was during the years where Mauricio Pochettino ruled the roost. And Toby Alderweireld was a key player for the Argentine, forming a strong partnership with Jan Vertonghen at the heart of their defence. In 2018, Mourinho wanted a new centre-back - despite previously bringing in the likes of Victor Lindelof and Eric Bailly, from Benfica and Villarreal respectively. However, once again, Tottenham snubbed their bids to land Alderweireld and Mourinho was left seething as a result. The Portuguese’s mood would only worsen and he lost his job just months later, with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer then brought in as a replacement.