A teenage boy was rushed to hospital after he was attacked by what his school says were "pupils from another school". The youngster, whose exact age has not been disclosed, suffered "potentially serious injuries" in the violence, which happened outside school grounds at around 3.37pm yesterday. He attends Ark Kings Academy, a school in Kings Norton, Birmingham, which said today it is working with police and the victim's family. The boy was assessed at hospital and discharged. He is now recovering at home with his family, the school said. A spokesperson for the academy, which caters for children aged three to 16, said: "One of our students was assaulted by pupils from another school yesterday afternoon. The incident took place just outside the school after the end of the school day. Staff were nearby and immediately intervened by calling the emergency services. "The student received medical attention and was discharged from the hospital yesterday evening. He is at home with his family. "The school takes any incident like this very seriously. We informed all school parents of the incident yesterday evening and updated them again this morning, asking for any further information or footage that could assist with the police investigation. We have been in contact with the family this morning.  Ofsted inspectors deemed the school "inadequate" in February 2022, reports Birmingham Live. But the executive principal said at the time the academy was on a "rapid path of improvement".  The other school allegedly related to the attack has not been named. West Midlands Police are understood to be aware of the incident and are expected to make a statement later today. A West Midlands Ambulance spokesperson said: "We were called at 3.37pm to reports of an incident at Ark Kings Academy on Shannon Road, Birmingham. "One ambulance and a paramedic officer were sent to the scene where, on arrival, they discovered a teenage boy with potentially serious injuries. He was assessed by ambulance staff and taken to hospital for further treatment." Following the Ofsted inspection last year, Executive Principal Caz Brasenell wrote an open letter. It read: "Our most recent Ofsted inspection, which took place just after my appointment, was critical, but I welcomed it because it highlighted issues we had already identified and were acting on. "We are now on a rapid path of improvement which will see Kings, once again, recognised as a good and high performing school."  