Los Angeles Lakers superstar LeBron James crashed into fans seated courtside as he admirably fought for possession during a heavy defeat to the Los Angeles Clippers on Tuesday night. The four-time MVP put in a stunning 46-point performance but failed to drag the Lakers to victory as they were crushed 133-115 by their city rivals. While the Lakers have struggled for much of the current campaign, James - who is in the 20th season of his NBA career - is performing at an unprecedented level. In the loss to the Clippers, James scored 46 points and set a new personal record in three-pointers in a single game with nine while also collecting eight rebounds and seven assists. He set multiple NBA records as his epic performance against the Clippers unfolded. James became the first player to score at least 40 points in a single match against all 30 NBA franchises, while he also tied Chicago Bulls legend Michael Jordan for the most number of 45-point games in a career. During the match against the Clippers, several Lakers fans got more than they bargained for when James crashed and flipped over the front row. It was a play that highlighted the legend’s unrelenting competitive hunger while providing some fans with a unique moment. READ MORE: Rui Hachimura is exactly what LeBron James and LA Lakers 'needed' With the Lakers trailing by 14 points in the third quarter, James managed to steal the ball from Clippers star Kawhi Leonard. The ball bounced and was heading out of bounds when the four-time MVP rushed to try and complete the turnover. However, the 38-year-old crashed into the courtside spectators and fell onto his back. The crowd inside the Crypto.com Arena gasped while commentators shared their concern for James, as he lay on his back before he was helped to his feet to continue, thankfully uninjured. The fans applauded James as the game resumed, with many fans seeing the funny side of the incident. The 18-time All-Star returned to action but ultimately couldn't inspire the Lakers to a win as the Clippers secured their 10th-straight win over their city rivals. DON'T MISSLeBron James saves LA Lakers after worst quarter in franchise historyNFL legend issues apology after scuffle at Los Angeles Lakers gameLos Angeles Lakers answer LeBron James demand with surprise trade His former team-mate Dwyane Wade was sitting on the sidelines and according to the broadcasters, the former Miami Heat player said James was just ‘resting up’ while he lay on the floor. Wade and James won two NBA championships together with the Heat after the King dramatically joined the franchise from the Cleveland Cavaliers in 2010. While his night ended with another defeat, James continues to prove that he is an unprecedented force of nature in his 20th season as he plays at an All-Star level. James is also now just 177 points away from drawing level with Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's all-time NBA scoring record of 38,387 career points. The 22-26 Lakers are next in action against the 14-33 San Antonio Spurs on Wednesday night. The Spurs currently sit 14th in the Western Conference.