Journalist Carole Malone was invited onto Wednesday's instalment of Jeremy Vine on Channel 5 where she was asked whether Prince Harry should be invited to King Charles III's coronation in May. Carole didn't hold back as she told viewers the Duke of Sussex should be banned from every royal event in the future. Her comments come in the wake of Harry's explosive memoir being released on Tuesday.  In Harry's ITV interview with journalist Tom Bradby, the journalist asked the Duke if we would attend his father's coronation. The 38-year-old prince replied: "There's a lot which can happen between now and then. "The door is always open and the ball is in their court, and there is a lot to be discussed. "I hope they are willing to sit down and talk about it as there is a lot which has happened in six years, and prior to that as well." READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash Jeremy's guest, LBC reporter, Sangita Myska told viewers she believed King Charles will invite his youngest son to his coronation, not because he is a royal but because Harry is his son. "I think it would look mean if he didn't do that," she added. "The question is, are [Harry and Meghan Markle] going to accept that invitation?" She claimed it has been widely reported the Duke and Duchess of Sussex "will find an excuse not to turn up because they will find it awkward". Sangita said it would be an "absolute shame" if Harry was not invited to the ceremony, but Carole had contrasting views.  Carole raged: "No he shouldn't be invited. He should be banned from the coronation and every other royal event in the future. "He has trashed the institution of the monarchy, he has trashed his family, so why should he be allowed to have anything to do with it? "The truth of the matter is, he can't be trusted to just turn up and be a guest there." She claimed he will "monetise whatever happens" at the occasion, but Jeremy vehemently disagreed. DON'T MISS...Kate looks downcast as she's seen for first time since Spare release [PICTURES]Charles tipped to open arms to Harry despite attacks [LATEST]Forget Harry, I fear for mental health of our King - comment [COMMENT] He told her that never happened at Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee last summer. "I don't know if they were put in a wardrobe or something, but they were not very visible," Jeremy said of Harry and Meghan's discreet appearance at the celebrations. Sangita agreed as she felt the Duke and Duchess "took their seats and got on with it". Carole was having none of it as she continued to lambast the father-of-two.   "At the Queen's funeral, he talked about how his family were horrible to them," Carole fumed. "What on earth does he expect?" “I love my dad, I love my brother, and I love my family,” he added. "Nothing I ever did in this book or otherwise was to harm or injure them.” Jeremy Vine airs on weekdays from 9.15am on Channel 5.  