In a recent instalment of Channel 4’s Sunday Brunch, Tim Lovejoy and Simon Rimmer welcomed a panel of celebrity guests onto the show. During one segment viewers got to learn all about some of the previous jobs line-up of stars once had. During one of their weekly segments, called Whose Line of Work Was it Anyway, Tim reveals past jobs that their celebrity panel has had in the past. Whilst Simon cooks up a dish, he then has to guess which star matches the job description as he gets to ask them questions. On the most recent instalment of the Channel 4 show, Tim asked which of their guest line-up once bluffed their way through traffic announcements on local radio. Simon then had to pick from either presenting duo Dick and Dom, actress Sally Lindsay, Waterloo Road star Adam Thomas, The One Show’s Alex Jones or Lara Pulver. READ MORE:1923 episode 4 cast    Initially, he thought the culprit was Dick as he got him to call out a fake traffic scenario on the A40 heading North. Although he managed to give a pretty convincing radio voice, Simon wasn’t convinced so he ended up picking Alex Jones. Finding out he was correct, the BBC presenter revealed more about her former job and confessed she lied while on shift. She said: “It was a commercial station called Real Radio, years ago now. Basically, my job was to decipher the traffic.    “I couldn’t decipher the screens, they were really complicated. So I thought, ‘well, I’ll just make it up’. Giving an impromptu example of the type of traffic reports she’d announce over the radio, Alex told the Sunday Brunch hosts her dad knew she was lying. She continued: “Dad would often be driving on these roads thinking, ‘you’re making this up aren’t you’. “Honestly, it was about 18 months before anybody realised, totally blagged it.” DON'T MISS... The Masked Singer’s Rubbish has identity ‘exposed’ as Marvin Humes [REACTION] Prince William 'didn’t want inner turmoil’ to be aired in Harry's book [ROYAL] Prince Harry’s memoir has made him a 'punchline' claims royal expert [VIDEO]    Elsewhere in the segment, viewers learnt that Alex also once worked in a call centre before walking out of the job.Despite Simon guessing it was actress Lara Pulver after she gave a convincing backstory, he was shocked to learn it was once again The One Show host.Confessing, Alex said: “I’ve done it all Simon!“I worked for a famous energy provider and it’s really hard working in a call centre.” “You have to put a code in if you want to go for a coffee, you have to put a code in to go to the loo.“They were really strict, I just left one day. I said I was going to the loo and never came back.”Simon admitted he was convinced he managed to get it right after Lara sold her backstory.Sunday Brunch continues Sundays on Channel 4 from 9:30am