Lewis Hamilton has been left “devastated” by the death of rally driver Ken Block. The seven-time F1 champion stressed Block was a “dear friend” as he revealed the pair enjoyed a range of extreme sports on a trip to Canada. The Mercedes star praised Block’s positivity and his talents behind the wheel in a touching tribute. He said: “Today I received the news over the loss of a dear friend. “I’m devastated to hear of Ken Block’s passing. He was such an amazing person, always lived life to the fullest. I remember our first time working together and how positive he was. So much talent behind the wheel. Years ago we had an amazing time heli-skiing and snowboarding in Canada. We held so much respect for one another. “He will truly be missed and my thoughts and prayers go to his beautiful family. Gone too soon. Rest in peace Ken.” READ MORE: Ken Block made chilling admission about 'fear' before tragic death Block was killed on Monday after he was involved in a snowmobile accident in Utah. It is understood the rally star was riding on a steep slope when the snowmobile upended and landed on him. Hamilton and Block had competed together with the pair featuring at Top Gear’s Barbados festival at Bushy Park Racing Circuit in 2014. Hamilton was behind the wheel of his Mercedes F1 car while Block took his Ford rallycross for a spin in a stunning head-to-head. Hamilton’s former team-mate Jenson Button also paid his tributes to Block with a heartfelt post on Twitter. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen puzzled by Lewis Hamilton crash woes as he aims jibe [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton opens up on early F1 fear after nightmare 2022 season [ANALYSIS]F1 set for four major rules changes ahead of 2023 season [COMMENT] It read: “In shock at the passing of Ken Block. Such a talent that did so much for our sport. He was a true visionary with his own unique style & infectious smile. Our sport lost one of the best today but more importantly a great man. Sending love & hugs to the Block family.” Ferrari star Carlos Sainz also sent a message, posting: “Rest in peace Ken Block a true legend of the sport, all my thoughts with his family and friends.” Block made regular one-off appearances in the World Rally Championship while he finished runner-up in last year’s ARA National rally Championship in the USA. He was also a Youtube sensation, garnering millions of views on his Gymkhana videos where he pulled off a range of high-speed stunts. Block’s Hoonighan firm said: “It’s with our deepest regrets that we can confirm that Ken Block passed away in a snowmobile accident today. “Ken was a visionary, a pioneer and an icon. And most importantly, a father and husband. He will be incredibly missed.”