Certain groups are calling for the exemption rules to be changed in England to allow people access to free prescriptions in the country. Currently, prescription charges in England are £9.35 per item which can be pricey if someone has multiple medications. Millions of people are eligible for the freebie benefit in England but many more are unable to get this support. One woman called Jade shared her story with the Cystic Fibrosis Trust regarding how her inability to access free prescriptions, despite having a serious condition, is detrimental to her. The charity is part of the Prescription Charges Coalition, a collective representing groups campaigning to end the cost of medication in England. She explained: “The year I turned 19, I was in my first year at university. I had just about found my feet, managing my complex and exhausting chronic health condition independently for the first time in my life, whilst also studying full-time. “The day my friendly campus pharmacist told me that he would have to start charging me for my prescriptions, his voice quiet and his eyes unable to meet mine, it felt like I was being punished with yet another hurdle. READ MORE: Pension triple lock ‘needs reform’ for ‘means-tested’ payments “I had forgotten about this archaic rule, being so focused on trying to simply live my life and stay well. That day, I left without my essential medications and I went home in tears.” The chronic condition sufferer referred to the cost of prescription charges as a “kick in the teeth” for those most in need. Jade added: “Everywhere I go, people are shocked and incredulous that I have to pay for my prescriptions. Friends, strangers, even healthcare providers – everyone can see the injustice. “The cost of an annual £108.10 pre-payment certificate feels like a kick in the teeth, like I’m paying to stay alive; a reminder that I am a burden, though I never chose to have this condition. “It’s only right that the outdated exemption rules are reconsidered, to acknowledge that people with cystic fibrosis are now living into their 40s, 50s and beyond.” Speaking to Express.co.uk, a Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said: “Around 90 percent of community prescription items in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60 years old, or have certain medical conditions. “The upper age exemption has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link with the state pension age. "We are considering the responses carefully and will respond in due course.” READ MORE: Waspi women wait for compensation verdict as 'cruel' rumours fly While those living in Scotland and Wales are entitled to this benefit no matter what age they are, residents in England need to meet qualifying criteria. Anyone 60 or older is eligible for free prescriptions in England, however this could be potentially hiked to the state pension age which is 66. Notably, young people who are under 16 can claim this support while those between the ages of 16 and 18 do not need to pay prescription charges if they are in higher education. People with particular health conditions are also eligible for free prescriptions if they get a medical exemption certificate, otherwise known as a MedEx. Included in the list of qualifying medical conditions and illnesses for this certificate are the following: On top of this, anyone who has just had a baby in the past or is pregnant can get a MatX which also makes them eligible for free prescriptions. While still making medication cost money, prepayment certificates (PPC) allow people to get as many prescriptions they need for a set price over a period of time. As it stands, a PPC costs an individual £30.25 for a three month period or £108.10 for 12 months. Many Britons are calling out the existing exemption rules for this freebie benefit and are calling for them to be changed.