A review into net zero has urged for a ban on new gas boilers within a decade, a news report has claimed. The review also called for crucial changes, including an “onshore wind revolution”. However, it admitted that the household costs will go up to £6,000.  The UK has set a legally binding target of achieving net zero carbon emissions by 2050, as part of the global effort to avert the worst effects of climate change. In its recommendations, the review stated that new and replacement gas boilers should be banned by 2033, two years earlier than planned - with the installation of heat pumps “turbocharged”. It also called for all homes to have an energy performance rating of C by 2033, potentially affecting two-thirds of homes that currently fall short of that standard. The review added that landlords should have to provide an “average bill cost” to help encourage renters to choose more energy-efficient properties.   The review, which was first commissioned by former Prime Minister Liz Truss and conducted by MP Chris Skidmore, suggested that net zero represents “a new era of opportunity” which risks being undermined by a lack of Government ambition. However, it also explained that the net zero transition, including replacing boilers and buying electric cars, will cost households £4,000 to £6,000 each by 2040, with savings possible only after that. The review also warned that nearly 500,000 households would not make any savings, even in the long run, unless the Government provides more support. As a minister in 2019, Mr Skidmore signed into legislation the UK’s commitment to get its emissions down to net zero by 2050. READ MORE: Horrifying moment Manchester police officer appears to knock out fan  Mr Skidmore spent months roving the country to meet politicians, business leaders and energy experts as part of his evidence-gathering process. Calling net zero "the growth opportunity of the 21st century", Mr Skidmore said the UK "must move quickly" to reap the economic benefits of achieving the target. Writing for The Telegraph, he said the UK is "now in a net zero race" with other countries around the world that have followed its lead - and is at risk of losing. Mr Skidmore stated: "We have heard from businesses that economic opportunities are being missed today because of weaknesses in the UK's investment environment - whether that be skills shortages or inconsistent policy commitment. DON'T MISS:Business as usual for royals as Kate, William, Charles & Anne all out [SPOTLIGHT]Rishi Sunak promises 'not to let Britons down' in latest speech [REVEAL]Expert claims' discredited' Prince Harry made 'serious mistakes' [INSIGHT] “Moving quickly must include spending money. “We know that investing in net zero today will be cheaper than delaying, as well as increasing the economic and climate benefits.” 