Ready Steady Cook star Ainsley Harriott found himself getting stitched up on this morning’s (January 29) edition of Love Your Weekend by ITV host Alan Titchmarsh. During an interview with the celebrity chef, 65, Love Your Weekend’s presenter Alan, 73, brought up the contentious issue of Christmas cooking. Ainsley tried to get Alan to button it but the host cheekily revealed all about the off-air confession the cook had made to him earlier. Alan said: “What about Christmas? Were you cooking?” His question left Ainsley less than impressed with the chef pulling a face and the host saying: “Oh dear!” The Ground Force star went on: “Oh dear! How long were cooking for you?” Ainsley replied: “It was wonderful cooking for lots of people.” With gardener Alan going on to quiz him about his festive period: “How long for?” READ MORE: Lea Michele branded ‘disrespectful’ after ‘pushing’ Sadie Sink  “Days. Days on end. But it was a real joy,” Ainsley said looking less than impressed with Alan simply bursting into fits of laughter. “Alan, shut up! Can we go to a commercial? I’m going to get a divorce!” Ainsley joked as the pair of them laughed. The presenter then revealed: “He confessed before we sat down, ‘I’ve been cooking everyday from the 23rd to the 28th, three meals a day.’” Ainsley said all he wanted to do was sit and watch Christmas classic It’s A Wonderful Life but was busy working away in the kitchen.  The moment came as Ainsley was discussing his show Caribbean Kitchen on Love Your Weekend. He said the show was filmed “all over the Caribbean” and would bring some to audiences. Ainsley said: “I went to Antigua, Barbados, Jamaica, literally all over and I think that series Caribbean Kitchen just really captures the real spirit of what the Caribbean offers you and you can just be yourself. It was beautiful, especially this time of year.” He revealed during filming he made a faux pas after he tried to get hold of some mangoes to go with a salad to accompany his barbecued fish recipe, only to learn the fruit was out of season at the time. Ainsley said he still had a love for the Caribbean and the West Indies and “always would”. The chef continued: “You grow up with that sort of spirit of being at home and my late mum and dad, they still identified with the Caribbean. “It wasn’t every week that we ate this wonderful food like your jerk chicken, salt fish, the things that people are familiar with. “You didn’t always have it at our dining room table but it was something that you sort of gravitated towards when mum cooked it because it was a two-day process, Alan. All the smells, the marinading going on and it’s something I’ve continued.” Along with Ainsley appearing on the show, Alan also spoke to an expert about the rise in popularity of King Charles spaniels following King Charles III ascending to the throne. Additionally, veteran EastEnders actress Anita Dobson appeared on the show to discuss her impressive career. Dobson also made a sad admission about being unable to learn musical instruments as a child due to the expense and her family being unable to afford the cost. The star, who is married to Queen guitarist Brian May, also opened up about ageing and how she was now gravitating back towards television from the stage as it meant not having to tour but still had lots of “firsts” in her career now. Love Your Weekend airs on ITV on Sundays at 9.30am