After moving out of her parent's home in Windsor, Princess Eugenie shared an apartment in St James's Palace with her elder sister, Princess Beatrice. In 2019, it was shared her father Prince Andrew was spending £20,000 per year for Eugenie and Beatrice to live in their four-bedroom apartment.  For an average property in the area, London estate agency Savills quoted between £100,000 and £150,000 per year. Eugenie and Beatrice's home was also refurbished in 2008, costing an estimated £250,000, suggesting that it would most definitely have been in the upper bracket. The royal later spent two years in New York after she was offered a job working with the auction house Paddle8.  Princess Eugenie’s stunning apartment in New York cost approximately £6,000 per month, a news report has claimed. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's £140k engagement ring looks 'vintage' - pictures She later returned to live in London in 2015 but has returned to the state a number of times over the years. Despite the opportunity to live in a huge apartment in a central location, Eugenie opted to base herself downtown in the Meatpacking District. The district is renowned as one of the trendiest neighbourhoods.  It is now considerably more glamorous than it was seven years ago when Eugenie was enjoying her time in New York.   However, its residences have always been very popular. According to Apartment Home Living, the average rental cost of a one-bedroom apartment in the trendy area will set you back at approximately £6,000 per month. Inside pictures show Princess Eugenie’s apartment block had exposed brick walls, high ceilings and floor-to-ceiling windows with stunning views across the city.  At the time, it was also reported that her block came with its own concierge and home gym. READ MORE: Princess Nina of Greece wows in hot pink gown - pictures  A royal source at the time in 2013 told Us Weekly: "She enjoys walking to work every day." A separate account confirmed this, telling the publication: "She loves New York!" During her time in New York, Eugenie was often photographed going to Madison Square Garden, attending basketball games, sampling different restaurants, shopping and watching fashion shows.  The royal returned to London in 2015 and later married long-term boyfriend Jack Brooksbank at St George's Chapel in 2018.   The pair became parents to August Philip Hawke Brooksbank when he was born in 2021. The family of three initially lived in Windsor near where they got married in Frogmore Cottage. This was the former home of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle before they moved to California in March 2020.  However, the couple now split their time between London and Portugal, where Mr Brooksbank has a job as a tequila ambassador. When in London, the couple has been reportedly living in Nottingham Cottage, another former home of the Duke of Sussex.