Skincare enthusiast Ava is a beauty influencer with a huge following online. She posts regularly to her 1.6M TikTok followers on the account @glowwithava and boasts 220K subscribers on her YouTube account. Recently the beauty expert, whose youthful and clear skin has fans in awe, disclosed her 2022 skincare picks. The content creator said: "I'm going to reveal just five of my 2022 skincare picks from my morning routine. I just wash my face with water in the morning and then I use toner. "It's Essence from Pat McGrath (£60). It's in two layers so you just have to mix them to get all the active ingredients to blend together and it's got this really nice creamy kind of texture. So, it's not your typical essence. I would say it's in between a serum, toner, and essence in how hydrating it is." Ava said the product is good "especially right now in the winter when I don't need like a really thin essence, I want something that is a thicker milk in texture to really hydrate my skin from the base effects." READ MORE: 'I'm 32 but people think I'm 15 & I swear by three skin products starting from £6.29' She then moves on to a serum. "I use one active in the morning and it's this boy from Is Clinical Pro Heal serum (£76). I love this," Ava said. "It's pure vitamin C form, so I just use a little bit on my face. Three or four drops is plenty enough. "Then I want something a little bit more hydrated, so that's when I go in with a Decorté Liposome Advanced Repair Serum (£80). This one I'm really loving and the texture is beautiful. "It's one of the most hydrating, no-frills serums that I own and with that combination, my skin is already so plump and hydrated." DON'T MISSUnbelievably fresh-faced 50-year-old's two skincare secrets [REAL LIFE] Woman in her 40s shares 4 tips she swears by to look young [BEAUTY] 'I'm a skincare expert and I love this £4 high street cream' [RECOMMENDATION] Next, Ava uses a Korean product. She said: "We have this Easydew Multi Stick (£22) that I discovered in Korea. It's kind of similar to the commercials that you've seen in Korean dramas. "This is so easy. and you can use it under the eyes, forehead laugh lines, and anywhere you feel you need a little bit more extra hydration. It's so multipurpose I love it." And for her moisturiser, Ava picks: "Lastly, the Troiarueke Energy Cream (£61.64). Honestly, I don't really have that much to say about this moisturiser other than the fact that I just really, really love it."