Erik ten Hag was involved in fiery hostilities on the touchline, clashing with Arsenal coach Steve Round during Manchester United and Arsenal's tense encounter. The United boss felt incensed in the first half after his side were denied a penalty and appealed animatedly on the touchline before Round came out of Arsenal's technical area to shout some choice words at the Dutchman. United and Arsenal are no strangers to tense encounters when they lock horns, and it was no different this afternoon. The Gunners were quick out of the blocks, taking control in the early stages and bombarding United's third. But the visitors unearthed a rare opening after seven minutes, with Lisandro Martinez characteristically sending a dangerous splitting pass through the Arsenal defence. Bruno Fernandes looked to latch onto it, getting in front of Aaron Ramsdale before touching the ball around the Gunners goalkeeper. However, he then went to ground, supposedly under contact from Ramsdale, leading to wild penalty shouts from Fernandes and his team-mates. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Ten Hag joined in on the protests, spotted approaching fourth official Andre Marriner with his arms wide with intent. But Arsenal coach Round didn't allow his claims to go uncontested, leaving the hosts' technical area to fire words back at the United boss. The first 25 minutes were as exhilarating on the pitch as they were off it, with Marcus Rashford firing United ahead with a stunning long-range strike. But it didn't take Arsenal long to respond through Eddie Nketiah's back-post header, provided by a sublime cross from the left by Granit Xhaka. DON'T MISS: Grealish 'takes down posts' as Man City star set to bank Puma deal Despite United's impressive first half against the table toppers, Man Utd icon Roy Keane was left furious at Aaron Wan-Bissaka and shouted 'do your job' after analysing his error for Nketiah's goal. The Sky Sports pundit said: "It’s just his lack of awareness. It’s as if he can’t believe someone’s coming around the back of him, because he can see him, he just dozes off. A silly lack of concentration, considering we praise him saying he’s a good defender. Of course he sees him. You have to be aware of him, that’s his job, this is big boy stuff, these are big moments, do your job, go and attack the ball." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here