Six solid hours of that bleating Netflix series and still he isn’t done with trashing his family. “I would like to get my father back,” he assured Tom Bradby. “I would like to have my brother back.” So why air yet more dirty laundry in public, dredging up another 90 minutes of grievances, making a sorry situation even worse? Was this really a man desperate to “reconcile”? Of course not. It was a man desperate to flog his tawdry book, who’d been fully briefed on how that process works. When you have a book to flog, be sure to keep some juicy titbits up your sleeve, some “as-yet-unheard” recollections of your tortured past, to bring out on occasions such as this. So Harry was doing just that, to ensure the world’s attention remained on his publicity-shy self. Who knows, maybe next time he’ll have a fitness video to plug, for which – as a tie-in – he’ll exclusively reveal that Wills once hid a frog in his plimsolls. It’s the way these revelations are drip-fed to us, a few neatly calculated shockers at a time, that tells the true story. It reeks of the most cynical marketing strategy. Tom didn’t seem all that keen to press Harry on that point, but then nor did I expect him to. That’s not to say Bradby is a bad interviewer. But he didn’t show himself to be a great one. A great interviewer doesn’t just ask, he also pushes for proper answers. With Harry banging on about “owning [his] story”, he did press him to acknowledge his brother’s “counter-narrative.” He even dared point out there are people who “wish you’d shut up” – and persuaded him to admit he “got things wrong”. But by the end, you were left with the feeling he’d let him off the hook a little too often. Asked, for example, what William would say about this breakdown in relations, Harry huffed: “He’d probably say all sorts of different things.” Which obviously was no answer at all. Tom also failed to pick Harry up on some tell-tale turns of phrase. “I don’t know how staying silent is ever going to make things better,” was among his most revealing remarks. The sheer petulance of that word “ever” suggested there’s no limit to the number of toys Harry intends to throw from his pram. If “making things better” is truly the aim, a grown-up would know there comes a time to accept you’ve said your piece.