A fringe or bangs can instantly change your hairstyle, but there are a few things to consider before asking a stylist to cut one in. Express.co.uk spoke to Ghanima Abdullah, a hair expert from TheRightHairstyles.com about the most flattering fringes to make a woman look younger. Ghanima explained how a fringe/bangs flatter the face: “A fringe makes you look more feminine, no matter the length and type. “They can be used to draw attention away from certain parts of the face and towards some others.” As for where they draw attention to or from, she said: “Bangs that rest well above the eyebrows can detract from a large forehead and camouflage the hairline. Bangs that reach the eyebrows put emphasis on the eyes. “Likewise, those that come to the cheeks emphasise the cheekbones and nose. There are even long bangs that go to the jawbone and emphasise the mouth or the angles of the jawbone.” READ MORE: Stylist shares most ‘youthful’ hairstyle every woman 40+ should have Ghanima revealed the six most common styles of fringe: 1. Baby bangs are really short.2. Curtain bangs are parted in the middle and can be medium length or long.3. Side-swept bangs are long bangs that come from a side part. At times, they cover one eye.4. Heavy fringe are bangs that use hair from further back on the head to create a thick fringe that can be short or medium length.5. Piecey bangs are well-constructed bangs that have three or four pieces.6. Wispy bangs use the least amount of hair that's spread sparsely across the forehead. DON'T MISS...Wildlife expert top methods to stop squirrels visiting your garden [EXCLUSIVE]Six tried and tested methods to stop onions making you cry [GUIDE]Sue Cleaver lost 3st by following popular diet that includes alcohol [PICTURES] And it’s curtain bangs that are the most popular style currently, “but it's said that baby bangs are going to take over the trend in 2023”, Ghanima said. Luckily, “bangs work for all face shapes as you can use them to bring emphasis to different parts of your face”. But “curtain bangs and side swept bangs are the most adaptable to different face shapes”. As for what style of fringe, Ghanima recommends for an older woman, she said: “When we think of an older celebrity, sometimes the mind's eye creates a heavy fringe that comes right to the eyeballs and heavy mascara. READ MORE: Most flattering hairstyles for every face shape “This isn't flattering. Curtain bangs look good on everyone. If you're afraid to cut too much, try wispy bangs instead.” Having a flattering fringe needs to be finished with a flattering hairstyle, and some don’t work well with a fringe. “Hair that's long or medium length can sport almost any fringe,” Ghanima commented. “It's when your hair is short that you have to worry about what kind of bangs to use. In this scenario, if you want long bangs, it's best to go for a side-swept fringe. Otherwise, piece-y bangs or baby bangs are nice.” As for whether it’s more flattering to have layers alongside a fringe or a solid straight cut, the expert revealed: “Choosing layers or a straight cut will depend on your personality and how formal you want your look to be. A straight cut always brings a degree of formality, while layers are more carefree.” Ghanima also shared her top tips before having a fringe cut in: “Discuss your hair type with a stylist before choosing bangs. If you have curly or coily hair, you might need to straighten your bangs daily to get the look you want. “Discuss the thickness of your hair with your stylist. Thin hair can usually only produce wispy or piece-y bangs.” Anyone with a fringe should have it “trimmed once a month or every six weeks” to ensure the shape remains consistent. About therighthairstyles TheRightHairstyles.com provides readers with everything they need to know about hair to make theirs look better than ever before – from tips on how to give fine hair a lift to the hottest new trends only stylists know about.