Each year the Dancing on Ice stars are at risk of serious injury but even the professional skaters have their moments. French skater Sylvain Longchambon was recently rushed to hospital after splitting his chin open whilst rehearsing with Coronation Street star and partner Mollie Gallagher. The professional skater was practising their latest routine ahead of Sunday, January 29 show when he slipped and split his chin open. Sylvain, who joined the show back in 2011, was rushed to the hospital and had his chin glued together but was allowed to return to the ice later that day. Despite the small incident, the skating duo impressed the judges with an emotional routine to She Used To Be Mine from the musical Waitress and bagged a score of 28.5. According to the show's creative director Dan Whiston, the celebrities recently had "lots of falls" in the run-up to the latest show. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss Sylvain isn't the only one to have sustained an injury this year with The Wanted singer Siva Kaneswaran passing out in a freak accident and hitting his head. Discussing the incident which occurred before Christmas, he told express.co.uk: "Friday just passed, I had a serious fall. "I hit the back of my head so I've been diagnosed with a mild concussion as of today. To get back on the ice it can really shake your confidence. "But I expected this and we're just trying to stay focused and determined and I know that this is part of the whole journey." Reality TV star Joey Essex also explained he "almost lost a finger" whilst rehearsing with partner Vanessa Bauer. He recently told This Morning's Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary: "I'm just happy to be here right now and I'm not at the competition yet. "I mean, I nearly lost a finger, I nearly lost a kneecap, a shoulder." On Sunday night it was Michelle Heaton whose journey came to an end after she and partner Lukasz Rozycki after failing to impress the judges. DON'T MISS...Paul Burrell in tears about telling sons 'I have prostrate cancer' [LATEST]Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ reason Poppy's always in a coat [WATCH]Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital  [LATEST]  In a show first, there was no skate-off which meant Michelle was judged based on her first performance and unable to undo any mistakes that may have been made. Speaking to her Instagram followers after the show, she expressed: "Aw guys, I'm absolutely gutted. "I wasn't ready to go, but thank you so much for your support and bye Dancing on Ice, but it's been amazing and see you all at the final." Viewers of the competition were left furious at the result and took to Twitter to express their fury. @ThomDWTS exclaimed: "I’m annoyed by the lack of a skate-off tonight I always love to see what songs the couples get/choose for the skate-off routines." @Crazier commented: "I’m no fan of Michelle at all but those scores were criminal, she deserved more." @coolstaggie added: "WTAF with those scores for Michelle?? Seriously, the judges are ruining this show with their farcical scores." Nina Clarke said: "Michelle definitely didn't deserve to go. Her scores were unfair considering Patsy fell during her routine." (sic) Dancing on Ice airs Sunday from 6:30pm on ITV. @ThomDWTS exclaimed: "I’m annoyed by the lack of a skate-off tonight I always love to see