Italian heavyweight prospect Guido Vianello suffered one of the worst cuts you will likely ever see in a boxing ring during his contest against Jonnie Rice last night. Vianello – who was undefeated coming into the fight – sustained a deep laceration above his left eye that left his face in a bloody mess. With the blood compromising the 28-year-old's vision, the fight was waved off and was initially set to go the scorecards as the referee thought it had been caused by a headbutt. However, upon further inspection from the ringside officials, it was determined that the cut had opened up in the previous round (round six) by an overhand right from Rice as the gatekeeper was awarded the upset victory via a seventh-round doctors’ stoppage. Prior to the stoppage, Vianello appeared to be getting the better of his veteran foe as he controlled the fight from range. Rice was reluctant to let his hands go throughout the contest but when he did it proved to be the decider. According to the CompuBox punch stats, Vianello landed nearly twice as many punches as Rice (55-of-210 to 30-of-125) but that wasn’t enough to secure him the victory. Rice (16-6-1) has fought a number of promising heavyweight prospects including Arslanbek Makhmudov, Tony Yoka, Demsey McKean and Efe Ajagba and is known more for his ability to survive than win. *Distressing content warning* However, the American recently secured back-to-back victories over popular heavyweight hopeful Michael Coffie to establish himself as a genuine threat to up-and-coming fighters. Speaking after his win over Vianello, Rice said: “I did it again. Another undefeated fighter. I’m not here to call anyone out right now. I’m going to enjoy this victory and then see what’s next.” Elsewhere on the same bill, Ajaba defeated Stephan Shaw via a razor-close decision in the main event. Ajagba was trailing on all three judges’ scorecards at the halfway point but came back to finish strong and win the 10-round contest via unanimous decision. MORE BOXING NEWS... Taylor breaks silence on quitting after taking one punch from Swarmz Paul's instant reaction to KSI KO'ing FaZe Temperrr caught on camera KSI 'agrees to fight' against ex-Haye foe after vicious KO of Temperrr Speaking about his inspired finish, he said: "I went back to the corner, and they told me to let my hands go, keep throwing punches, my jab. I controlled the fight, so that's how I won the fight. "He tried to land the big shots. I watched him to see what he was going to do. He kept throwing the jab, using the jab more."