EastEnders viewers have been coming up with their own theories since it was confirmed that Lily Slater (played by Lilia Turner) was pregnant. The 12-year-old's mum, Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) has been worried ever since and has been trying to find out whether the father was someone Lily's age or whether she had been abused by someone older. In emotional scenes which aired on Wednesday, a tearful Lily finally came clean about who the father was. As she sat on the sofa next to Jean (Gillian Wright ), the schoolgirl explained she slept with Ricky Jr Mitchell (Frankie Day). "I'm worried about you," Stacey pleaded. "In fact, I am not worried, I am terrified. "Mum, can you talk to her please, just make her know we need to know who the father is. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly shut down by rail boss over strike 'celebrity' probe' "Lily, please if it is Ricky then please just tell me. Please, darling just tell me so I know you haven't been abused and groomed by some pervert." "Lily, you know we love you very much," Jean chimed in. "I am going to tell you a secret. "Your mum loves you more than anyone else in the whole world. "Now, as much as you want it to, and we all want it to, this isn't gonna go away and you know that you're not a child. "In fact, I think you're more grown-up than I am sometimes. "Please put your mum's mind at rest, just for me." "We only did it once," Lily confirmed before adding: "He can never know." Since the pregnancy bombshell was confirmed, fans have been sharing their thoughts on the storyline. DON'T MISS...BBC News to 'axe 14 presenters' in new year schedule shake-up [INSIGHT]Prince Harry hopes family will ‘sit down and talk’ [VIDEO]GB News uproar over claims Meghan and Harry ‘milking Diana’s legacy’ [REACTION] Many believed Freddie Slater (Bobby Brazier) could have been the father as the youngster has been acting suspiciously of late. However, others claim Freddie is hiding a different secret altogether, and he tampered with the boiler that caused Lily to get carbon monoxide poisoning. Taking to Twitter to share their thoughts on Freddie's secret, Daisy shared: "Just wondering so did Freddie and Bobby still cause the boiler to leak by tampering with it? #Eastenders." User @BovaryCee agreed: "I agree. It’s looking more like Bobby and Freddie unplugged something when they were trying to get Harvey to come to see Jean. Then they must’ve forgotten about it." "So why is Freddie acting so weird?" user @Onelifee3 quizzed. While Sarah theorised: "Sister got an interesting theory on the Freddie thing…maybe he tampered with the boiler? "Possibly trying to fix it, thinking he was helping, but got it wrong and that’s why he’s being so shifty and was so reluctant to go back to the house?" User @SilentTheatre1 tweeted: "Why has Bobby been acting weirdly around Freddie? Does he have suspicions about him? #Eastenders." "Why do I seem to remember #Freddie trying to fix the boiler a while ago!!" Lyndsey Fitzpatrick said. EastEnders returns tonight at 7.30pm on BBC One.