Speaking to the Daily Star, he said: “It's important that you have that work ethic and I think hard work puts you where some good luck will find you. “My kids don't always agree with that, but they are good kids.” “It's so important that the children work hard because I have seen lots of people who have become successful and wealthy and they spoil their kids and the kids have no understanding of money whatsoever.” Since setting up his community bank more than a decade ago, Dave has loaned more than £27 million to people and businesses. READ MORE: High street death looms as strikes see Londoners spending more online  Alongside bigger payments, Dave also loaned thousands to locals to cover a variety of expenses from funerals to IVF. His children, Sarah and Connor, are both working. Connor works as a police officer and Sarah works for an animal charity. Dave is the star of a Netflix biopic ‘Bank of Dave’ and is played by Rory Kinnear.    Speaking to the Mail, Dave said: “People who rob banks go to prison, but banks who rob people get paid bonuses and get bailed out. “The truth is, we've been badly served by the banks in the past and we need change. Banks that are too big to fail are just too big to exist. I like going home. I like my own bed, and being around family.” He added: “When I've had a really tough day — and I've had plenty of tough days — I open my front door, I can smell apple pie, and my wife, Nicola, will have run me a bath with a bottle of beer there.” Before he was a millionaire, Dave had a varied work career.  Dropping out of school at 14, he started out as a builder’s labourer. He recalls one defining moment on a freezing cold day. He talked about how people make a roadmap with achievable goals. This moment, led to Dave setting out on his financial experiment, becoming a car dealer before moving into minibuses. Following the financial crash of 2008, Dave took matters into his own hands and set up the community bank which continues to run 12 years after its inception.