A sixth police officer has been disciplined following the death of Tyre Nichols. Preston Hemphill, of the Memphis Police Department, was relieved of his duties shortly after Nichols' arrest on January 7, spokeswoman Karen Rudolph has revealed. Ms Rudolph did not disclose the officer's role in Mr Nichols' arrest but the officer was hired by Memphis Police Department in 2018. Mr Hemphill’s attorney, Lee Gerald, revealed his client was the third officer at Mr Nichols’ initial traffic stop. Mr Gerald said in an earlier statement: “As per departmental regulations Officer Hemphill activated his bodycam. “He was never present at the second scene. He is cooperating with officials in this investigation.” JUST IN: Tyre Nichols' mother says she is 'not going to stop' fighting for justice   Mr Hemphill has not yet been charged with a crime in connection to the incident on January 7. However, the 26-year-old is subject to an ongoing investigation. The five other officers include Tadarrius Bean, Demetrius Haley, Desmond Mills Jr, Emmitt Martin III and Justin Smith. The five face several criminal counts, including second-degree murder. READ MORE: Bodycam video shows five officers beating man as he begs for help Protests have taken place in Memphis since the release of the footage last week. Mr Nichols' family, their lawyers and community activists have also called for more officers to be fired or charged following the 29-year-old's death Memphis police chief Cerelyn Davis recently revealed that the Scorpion unit, which all five fired officers were part of, has been disbanded. Mr Nichols’ stepfather Rodney Wells said on Saturday that the family was going to “continue to seek justice and get some more officers arrested”. He added: "Questions were raised before the video was released, I raised those questions. DON'T MISS:Heartbroken mum of Tyre Nichols speaks out [REVEAL]Cops face investigation after traffic stop death [REPORT]Memphis cops filmed crying over pepper spray as Tyre Nichols lay dying [INSIGHT] "I felt there was more than five officers out there. "Now, five were charged with murder because they were the main participants, but there were five or six other officers out there that didn't do anything to render any aid. "So, they are just as culpable as the officers who threw the blows." Mr Nichols' funeral service is scheduled for Wednesday at a church in Memphis.  