Jon Kay and Sally Nugent were joined by Carol Kirkwood in the studio as they discussed the latest BBC Breakfast news headlines. However, things took a rather chaotic turn, when Sally got distracted by Jon during Carol's weather report. Carol had just finished the latest weather report when Sally made an admission about being distracted. "Carol, thank you very much indeed, and Carol I'm really sorry to be slightly distracted at the end of your weather forecast," Sally apologised. "We've been talking about DIY this morning on the programme and nobody can do DIY." Jon, who was sitting next to Sally on the red sofa, attempted to fix a computer mouse with a pen. READ MORE: Camilla Tominey shuts down This Morning host in probe over Harry However, admittedly, it didn't go to plan as Sally pointed out: "While you were chatting, Jon's being doing a bit of DIY on the computer mouse here using his biro." "Jon, I'm so impressed! You're a man of many talents," Carol went on to joke. Sally laughed as Jon admitted: "Carol, it's not fixed it. It's still broken. Don't be impressed!" "Don't try that at home, I would say," Sally warned before asking Jon again if he'd managed to fix it. Carol, who has been a staple on BBC Breakfast since 2015, shared some of her fond memories during Tuesday's show. Reflecting on the show's upcoming 40th birthday, she said: "I started in the summer that Breakfast Time started, as it used to be called, as the production secretary. "And you know, just watching the opening titles there, my heart is beating so fast because one of my tasks was operating autocue. "And that was so scary - it was a dial and you had to try and keep up with the presenters who were talking. DON'T MISS...Chicago PD boss rules out highly anticipated return for key star [INSIGHT]Emmerdale history to repeat itself as new serial killer 'exposed' [SPOILERS]Ruth Langsford admits 'it's been terrible' as she shares Eamonn update [VIDEO] "Some of them, their eyesight wasn't so good, so their words were taking up a lot of the lines. "You're moving quickly and some of them would just go off-piste completely!  "Which would mean you didn't have a clue where they were and you were scrolling through this autocue - it was nerve-racking." Each morning, Carol gives her Twitter followers a heads-up on the weather forecast. In her latest post, the meteorologist said: "Good morning! It is a very mild start to the day today (for the time of year!)." Tracey Mister replied: "Very pleasant surprise to see you on our local weather!!" (sic) Dave penned: "Morning Carol yes it is mild, also wet and windy here in Sussex XxX" (sic) While Geoff added: "Morning Carol. Can you use that lovely smile to bring us more sunshine to the southeast again? I miss it!" BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.