Firefighters are set to go on strike for the first time in more than 20 years, the Fire Brigades Union has announced. The union said the exact dates on which the strikes would go ahead would be announced over the coming weeks. However, they insisted the strikes could still be averted if the government offered the firefighters a pay rise. In a statement, General Secretary of the Fire Brigades Union, Matt Wrack, said: “Firefighters across the UK have spoken. The Fire Brigades Union has a decisive mandate for strike action. "This is an overwhelming vote for strike action against an offer which would mean further significant cuts to real terms wages for firefighters and control room staff. "They have already lost at least 12% of the value of their pay since 2010. This is an absolute last resort for our members. “The responsibility for any disruption to services lies squarely with fire service employers and government ministers.”READ MORE: Pension reforms for over 50s may have 'unintended consequences' Mr Wrack added: “Rishi Sunak's government has refused to make funding available for a decent pay offer to firefighters and control staff. Firefighters were among Britain's Covid heroes who kept frontline services going during the pandemic. “The Prime Minister has badly misjudged the public mood by imposing pay cuts on key workers. Our members risk their health and safety, and sometimes their lives, round the clock to keep people safe and serve their communities. “However, with inflation and energy bills rocketing, they are now increasingly struggling to pay the bills or to afford the basics. “The government and the employers have the power to stop strikes from happening by making a credible offer that can resolve this dispute. The ball is in their court.. We have delayed calling strikes to allow the employers to meet us and to make a new offer. “I hope they take that opportunity. Otherwise, in the coming weeks, we intend to announce a series of strike dates and industrial action.”  The action would mark the first-time firefighters have gone on strike since 2003. When asked to ballot on whether or not to strike, 88 percent of respondents backed the strike action. This figure is made all the more significant due to the high respondent rate of the survey, at 73 percent. The decision to take industrial action comes during a winter in which almost every key service has been affected by strikes. Speaking to the BBC, Mr Wrack added said the situation was so dire that some of their firefighters “are now being sent to foodbanks” as they can’t make ends meet. He added: “While our members are very proud of the job that they do and they want to serve their communities, they have families to look after, they have mortgages to pay, and they’ve got bills to pay and you need wages to do so. “They’ve sent a very clear message to us and to their employers and to the government that they’re sick and tired of being treated in this way and they’re prepared to stand up for themselves and fight back.” Teachers have also announced they will stage a walk-out this Wednesday. DON'T MISS: Woman, 56, is the first person cured of advanced breast cancer  [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak fights back saying he 'acted decisively' in sacking Zahawi [REPORT]Harry out for 'revenge' as he launches new 24-page report with Meghan [ANALYSIS] The National Education Union has announced seven days of strikes over February and March. The walkout this Wednesday is expected to impact 23,000 schools. In a statement, Dr Mary Bousted and Kevin Courtney, Joint General Secretary of the National Education Union, wrote: “Gillian Keegan has squandered an opportunity to avoid strike action on Wednesday. “The Government has been unwilling to seriously engage with the causes of strike action. Real terms pay cuts and cuts in pay relativities are leading to a recruitment and retention crisis with which the education secretary so far seems incapable of getting a grip. Training targets are routinely missed, year on year. “This is having consequences for learning, with disruption every day to children's education. We can do better as a nation, for education, for our children if we invest more. That is in the gift of this government. It should start with a fully funded, above inflation pay rise for teachers.”