Altering your interior decor can be an exciting task, but can also come at a high cost. Often in an attempt to save money homeowners can cut corners and the result is anything but beautiful. To avoid this happening, James Mellan-Matulewicz, Creative Director and Designer at Bobbi Beck, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to share which interior design choices are likely to “cheapen the appearance” of your home, offering solutions to help homeowners bypass these mistakes. It’s easy to leave homes looking worn out and unloved over time, but in order for households to maintain an attractive aesthetic they need as much TLC. James noted that this can be done by something as easy and as cheap as repainting the walls with a desirable colour. He explained that this will not only make a home look more enticing but can also alter property value for the better. The interior designer said: “Something as simple as a fresh coat of paint can make your interiors look as good as new and do wonders for the value and desirability of your house. READ MORE: ‘Biggest’ garden mistakes to avoid ‘devaluing’ houses - ‘damages’ home “However, neglecting to refresh the appearance of your household items will result in a space that looks outdated and unsophisticated.” As well as not giving rooms in the house a paint refresh, a poorly painted wall can make any space look cheap and not well put together. Wobbly lines and splotchy walls make a room feel unfinished, no matter how much thought was put into it. Minimalism can be chic and sophisticated, but taking the concept too far can create a cheap-looking space and can ruin the property’s potential, according to James he said: “A house without decor is certain to underwhelm any guest that you may welcome through your doors. DON'T MISS‘Easy remedy’ to remove radiator sludge to save on 25% on heating bill [EXPERT]5 ‘essential’ garden plants that need to be pruned in winter - and how [INSIGHT]‘Most effective’ method to use tin foil to boost radiator efficiency [TIPS] “Although the task of embellishing your interiors may be daunting for some, succumbing to a lack of inspiration will undoubtedly stifle the potential of your home.” Instead the designer recommended decorating walls with eye-catching pictures, personal items, or even a colourful patterned wallpaper, as these will “instantly liven up a space”. Now more than ever, households are all turning to cost-effective solutions in order to save money on essentials. Even so, whilst bargain homeware stores can be great to source a variety of products for a home at an affordable price, the materials that these items are made from tend to be “as cheap as the price tag” and therefore “lack the longevity” of something a little more upmarket, warned James. READ MORE: Interior features that are ‘sure to make rooms look cheap’ - ‘avoid’ Instead the designer recommended choosing to shop both resourcefully and sustainably, whether it be at charity shops, antique stores or through a sustainable business, as this will prevent Britons from having to splash out on replacing their homeware every few years. James also noted that this can “make all the difference between a tacky home and a tasteful one” as cheap furniture is easy to spot. It doesn’t matter how smart and sophisticated the decor and design of your home is if it’s constantly covered by a layer of clutter in every room. Clutter clogs up the flow of a room more than anything and automatically makes any design choices seem less intentional. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea According to James, clutter can have a “detrimental” effect on the appearance of a home. He said: “Mess and clutter are natural and unavoidable in any home, but letting this overwhelm your environment will be detrimental to its integrity. “An otherwise impressive space can be immediately cheapened by the disarray and disorder of an untidy house.” The good news is that clutter is a treatable issue. The expert recommended implementing storage solutions to combat the problem. James said: “Involving storage solutions in your interior design has the ability to elevate its prestige, whilst having the added benefit of enforcing organisation and structure to your everyday life.”