Novak Djokovic should be aiming to win a ‘minimum’ of two to three more Grand Slams, according to John McEnroe. The Serb drew level with Rafael Nadal on 22 majors with a comfortable victory over Stefanos Tsitsipas in the Australian Open final on Sunday. However, he doesn’t appear to have any plans to stop there. Djokovic went into the match with Tsitsipas aiming to draw level with Nadal on 22 Grand Slam titles. And the Serb did exactly that, powering his way to a 6-3, 7-6, 7-6 victory to chalk up yet another triumph on the biggest stage of all. Djokovic was in outstanding form over the course of the whole tournament, dropping just one set on his road to victory. And McEnroe, speaking to Eurosport after the game, believes the newly-reinstated world No 1 must now aim for a minimum of two to three more crowns. "I don’t know how many more he’s going to win, but it’s hard to see him not win a minimum of two or three more,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "Roger [Federer] won three from 35 onwards, Rafa won three. "Novak is probably the best of those three athletically. He hasn’t had a lot of injuries, so I could easily see him winning at least three more. "I believe him [when the Serb says it’s his biggest victory, with all that’s happened in the last year]. I’ve never seen Novak so emotional. "He’s unbelievably resilient and is a tremendous asset to our game. He’s a phenomenal athlete and player, as well as a phenomenal person. "Novak is a master at self-motivation, finding more ways to get hungry, doing what it takes to improve. It takes a lot of dedication. "That’s why the three guys [Djokovic, Nadal and Federer] are where they are. “They’re hungrier than the other players, more disciplined, and do whatever it takes." Former British tennis player Tim Henman also responded to Djokovic’s triumph, insisting the Serb has as many as 12 more opportunities to build on his Grand Slam legacy. "[His run] can keep on going," Henman said. "There’s the mental side of that challenge, still putting in the work and commitment to travel and train. "We’ve seen the physical side - with others at older ages, there are more injuries - but with Novak, yes, he had an earlier injury, but you see the way he’s moving and his flexibility shows that he could go on for another two or three years at the highest level. "That’s another 12 opportunities for more Grand Slam titles." Djokovic cut an emotional figure at the Rod Laver Arena in the wake of his latest win. And he admitted the triumph was the ‘biggest of his life’, saying: "I have to say, this has been one of the most challenging tournaments I've played in my life considering the circumstances. "Not playing last year, coming back this year. I want to thank all the people who made me feel welcome and comfortable to be in Melbourne and Australia. "There's a reason why I've played my best tennis on this court in front of the legendary Rod Laver. “Thank you for being present tonight, sir. I try to pinch myself and live through these moments. "Only the team and the family knows what we've been through in the last 4-5 weeks. This is probably the biggest victory in my life given the circumstances."