Holly Willoughby looked radiant as she hosted the new season of Dancing On Ice as the first six celebrities performed for the first time. The 41-year-old made sure all eyes were on her as she resumed her presenting duties alongside Phillip Schofield. Taking to Instagram ahead of the show, the This Morning star showcased her stunning outfit with her millions of followers. Falling to the floor in a mermaid style, the show-stopping outfit was adorned with sequin embellishments and clung to the star's enviable curves, highlighting her tiny waist. The stunning dress also featured a plunging neckline that displayed the star’s assets. Although most of her fans were complimentary of the ensemble, some aired their concerns over whether the dress was right for a “family show”. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan friendship with Hollywood A-listers at 'risk'   jackocook27 commented: “Put something Warmer on. It’s Ridiculous. It is a Family Show after all.” (sic) elizabethpm_07 remarked: “The dress that they didn’t cut correctly for you! The bottom does not suit the dress!” jackief1958 typed: ”Not a fan of this dress. Sorry.” lipsyloopsybabes shared: “Holly what’s wrong you look awkward.” However, others praised the sparkly tulle number. elcapitanjuan_1975 said: “You are actually perfect!!!” mairijbx added: “Such a pretty lady.” It comes as Holly enjoyed a date night with her husband Daniel Baldwin yesterday as they watched the KSI v FaZe Temperrr boxing match at London's OVO Arena Wembley. DONT MISS:Holly Willoughby's most controversial Dancing On Ice gowns of all time (PHOTOS)Lord Alan Sugar blasted over his ‘disgusting’ tweet on HIV storyline (NEWS)Stacey Solomon left aghast amid weight gain jibe from husband Joe (LATEST) The This Morning presenter looked stunning in a black blazer as she sat ringside at the event with her producer beau, leaning in close while they giggled. It's a rare public sighting for the couple, who have been married for 16 years and keep their relationship away from the limelight. Holly added some glamour to the chic suit look with a gold chain, and a pendant drop necklace. Dancing on Ice returned to screens for its fifteenth season tonight. Olympic gold medallists Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean sat on the panel as head judges once again alongside Strictly Come Dancing star Oti Mabuse and Diversity icon Ashley Banjo. Among the celebrities they will be judging include Love Island winner Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu, The Wanted's Siva Kaneswaran, TOWIE star Joey Essex, RuPaul's Drag Race winner The Vivienne and EastEnders legend Patsy Palmer. They will be joined by Coronation Street's Mollie Gallagher, Gladiators presenter John Fashanu, Olympic gymnast Nile Wilson, singer Michelle Heaton, Hollyoaks star Carley Stenson and comedian Darren Harriott.