Manchester United loanee Wout Weghorst has previously talked of a desire to join fierce rivals Liverpool and reportedly had a bust-up with team-mates at Burnley. Weghorst has been signed on a deal until the end of the campaign to bolster Erik ten Hag’s forward line. The Dutchman has failed to score in his first two appearances in a Red Devils shirt. He was frustrated in the 1-1 draw with Crystal Palace last Wednesday, before being dragged off just after the hour. Weghorst fared better against Arsenal on Sunday despite United losing 3-2. However, he scarcely looked like scoring at the Emirates Stadium and it might take longer for the 30-year-old to settle in than Ten Hag might have imagined. Ten Hag earmarked Weghorst as the perfect short-term replacement following Cristiano Ronaldo’s departure in November. United went to some effort to prise the striker away from Besiktas, where he was on loan from Burnley. It is despite Weghorst long dreaming of playing for rivals Liverpool. He has previously admitted to getting goosebumps when listening to the Anfield anthem ‘You’ll Never Walk Alone’ and hoped that one day he would play for United’s north-west rivals. JUST IN: Man Utd owners the Glazers ‘set to miss out on money’ in new update “I always found Liverpool very special. I still get goosebumps from ‘You’ll Never Walk Alone’. There are other great English clubs too, and I always liked Milan because so many Dutch played there,” Weghorst told DAZN in 2020. “I am ambitious and want to get ahead. Maybe at some point play at another club, whether in Germany or in England? But at the moment it is still far away. I feel good and try to achieve the maximum here.” Two years earlier, he told Dutch newspaper De Telegraaf: “I’ve dreamt of [playing for Liverpool] since childhood.” Now fully committed to United, there have been question marks over what version of Weghorst United would be signing. At Burnley, his confident personality was often confused with arrogance and he clashed with team-mates during the club’s ill-fated Premier League campaign last term, according to The Athletic. DON'T MISS...Cristiano Ronaldo Jr training above his age after dad's Saudi moveMan Utd have a new ‘teacher’s pet’ after Ten Hag oversees Arsenal lossMan Utd ‘bemused by Sky Sports error involving Weghorst' before defeat Ten Hag has been keen to point out that Weghorst’s Burnley spell - in which he scored just twice in five months - is an anomaly in his career. The Holland international struck 70 times in 144 appearances for Wolfsburg and was one of the Bundesliga’s most feared goalscorers. When asked by the United hierarchy who he wanted to sign to replace Ronaldo, Ten Hag pointed to Weghorst due to his strong personality. The United boss had previously spoken about the lack of character he found when he first walked into the Old Trafford dressing room and each of his signings have sought to address the problem. Ten Hag said after Weghorst arrived: “I never only look at a player and his technical skills, I look at the personality of the total human being and I think he will contribute extra to that winning attitude.” United face a two-week break from Premier League action, with their two-legged EFL Cup semi-final against Nottingham Forest and an FA Cup fourth round tie with Reading up next. Weghorst will hope to get his first goal - and maiden victory - in one of those games.