Finding rats in the loft is a common concern for many homeowners, particularly in the UK where the warm climate inside these dark, secluded areas is even more attractive to rodents in the cold weather. Whether your attic is converted or used as nothing more than hidden storage, rats can still find their way in through entry points that are easy to miss by simply glancing at the space. Fortunately, there are ways to tackle the problem if you do happen to discover these unpleasant pests in your loft. Pest control experts have shared the most "effective" traps to help you get rid of them. An expert at Malum Southern Pest & Bird Control said: "A rat problem in a loft is more common than people would normally assume due to the higher floors of a building near the roof are common attractants for rats that are looking for open access and seclusion. "The most common type of rat that can be found in lofts is the black rat, also known as the roof rat, and this rat gets its name for its superb climbing skills." As notoriously fast-moving, nocturnal creatures, rats aren't the easiest to spot - especially in cramped loft spaces. However, there are a few key signs you're dealing with an infestation that you can look out for. According to the pest control experts, one of the most obvious clues is a trail of rat droppings in the corners of the room. Droppings resemble brown rice grains and can be found anywhere, so it’s not uncommon for you to discover droppings all across your loft or attic. READ MORE: Mum-of-four saves hundreds transforming old IKEA table   They said: "Once the rats reach the top, they will seek out small openings in the cavity walls or even enter through the drain from the bottom level and make their way upward. "Furthermore, roof rats will even secrete fluid through their fur to mark any entry holes as signifiers to future rats that your loft was once safe haven for rats. There is an evolved behaviour that rats exhibit which is one of the reasons they are so difficult to eradicate once they make their home in a loft." Other signs of rats nesting in your home include chew marks and unusual sounds like tapping or even clicking from behind the walls. A professional pest expert at Safeguard Pest Control added that smudge marks are another clue to look out for. As "notoriously unhygienic creatures", rats pick up dirt as they travel through sewers and other environments, the remnants of which can end up on skirting boards and other surfaces. DON'T MISS:‘Sure signs’ of a rat problem in your garden - ‘long lasting solution’ [REVEAL]City with highest number of rats is top tourist destination [INSIGHT]Repulsed neighbours 'living in squalor' as streets overrun with rats [INSIDER] The Safeguard Pest Control professional said: "Fortunately, there are a number of traps and deterrents you can use to eliminate the threat of rats and stop them from returning to your loft. "The majority of all rat traps can be effective in trapping and killing rats, but what’s equally, if not more important is trap placement." Once you're sure you are dealing with rodents in the loft, you can try using snap traps - the most common kind of trap, to "instantly" catch and kill them. According to the Safeguard Pest Control team, these work by luring the rat onto a pressure lever which clamps shut when they take the bait. READ MORE: ‘Problematic’ garden trends to ‘avoid’ or risk ‘dire consequences’ They recommended using "peanut butter or something sweet" like chocolate spread to entice the rodents. When it comes to positioning the trap, the experts urged homeowners to "be sure to place the snap trap at the suspected nest site or travel route of the rat". If your attic or loft is dark, you should place the trap somewhere safe so you don’t walk into it. Live traps are another effective option for DIY rat control and work by sparking their natural curiosity into exploring a trap near their nesting location. The Safeguard Pest Control expert said: "The rat enters one way and is then trapped, as it cannot exist where it entered. These traps are great for humanely catching rats and relocating them after capture."   Live traps should only ever be used in areas where there is no risk of children or pets becoming harmed, which is almost anywhere in the loft. Again, it is a good idea to place it near the suspected nest site of the rat, or around locations where droppings have been sighted. According to the team at Malum Pest & Bird Control, making changes outside your home can also deter rats from migrating into the attic. They explained that it is "helpful" to trim away any tree limbs near the loft space and to look out for any possible water sources the rodents could be using. These include faucets, collections of water on window seals, and leaky air conditioners. Food sources should also be cleared away to avoid tempting rodents into your home.