Sir Isaac Newton – regarded in history as the greatest English mathematician of all time – served to transform human understanding of the world we live in, developing theories that transcended the worlds of maths, physics and science. But the theologian and author also used his knowledge to make a series of bold predictions about the world, including when he believed Armageddon would strike.  January 4 marks the anniversary of Sir Isaac's birth, nearly four centuries after he was born in 1643 in the Lincolnshire hamlet of Woolsthorpe-by-Colsterworth. Born prematurely just 12 weeks after the death of his father, his mother Hannah Ayscough claimed he arrived small enough to fit inside a quart mug. But in the years that followed, Sir Isaac would become one of the country's most celebrated figures, with his most famous discovery formulating the laws of motion and universal gravitation before the theory was superseded by the theory of relativity centuries later. As well as his vital work in mathematics, the Trinity College scholar also had a hand in building the "first practical reflecting telescope" and developing the theory of colour. This hypothesis was based on the finding that "a prism separates white light into colours of the visible spectrum", again cementing the man who was voted sixth in the 2002 BBC poll of 100 Greatest Britons and his legacy. But there were other elements to his work that still pique interest to this day – namely, his prediction the world would end in just what is now just a few decades time in 2060. For millennia, doomsday predictions on how exactly the world may end have been laid bare by philosophers and scientists, and the mathematician responsible for carving out the laws of physics, Sir Isaac, was among them. Sir Isaac, who also developed calculus, actually penned his own version of when the world would end on a sheet of paper signed by the mathematician in 1704, which had for an age been lost. The page, History of Yesterday, noted in 2022, had seven points that simplified the reason why Sir Isaac believed the world would end in 2060 as a result of maths as well as the Book of Daniel, which helped forge his argument. The Book of Daniel is among the oldest books of the Bible and focuses on humanity's first steps, taken from a Christianity standpoint. Among its themes is the idea of a "biblical apocalypse and how this may happen", Andrei Tapalaga, the curator of History of Yesterday, noted. JUST IN: Newton’s laws of physics torn apart over major new breakthrough Sir Isaac's notes stated: "Prop. 1. The 2300 prophetick days did not commence before the rise of the little horn of the He Goat. 2. Those day [sic] did not commence a[f]ter the destruction of Jerusalem & ye Temple by the Romans A.[D.] 70. 3. The time times & half a time did not commence before the year 800 in wch the Popes supremacy commenced. "4. They did not commence after the re[ig]ne of Gregory the 7th. 1084. 5. The 1290 days did not commence b[e]fore the year 842. 6. They did not commence after the reigne of Pope Greg. 7th. 1084. "7. The diffence [sic] between the 1290 & 1335 days are a parts of the seven weeks.Therefore the 2300 years do not end before ye year 2132 nor after 2370. The time times & half time do n[o]t end before 2060 nor after [2344]. The 1290 days do not begin [this should read: end] before 2090 [Newton might mean: 2132] nor after 1374 [sic; Newton probably means 2374]." According to Sir Isaac, Mr Tapalaga remarked, the world's end would come 1,260 years after the Holy Roman Empire was formed, which was founded in the year 800. So this would lead to Earth's downfall in 2060. Mr Tapalaga continued: "Now there is a lot to digest for those that do not have a good grasp of Christianity. First of all, the term 'end of the world' has many meanings in this world, but what Newton means by the end of the world is something different from what most people refer to as the end of the world. Most people define it as the end of existence or the end of our humanity where we all die. "The 'end of the world' that Newton is referring to in this theory based on the Book of Daniel is that this will be when Jesus will come back and bring peace to this world by being the ruler for a whole millennium. "Jesus would burn all of those that have corrupted Christianity for their own personal gain and teach us all to live in harmony. Those that oppose him will face his wrath and those who embrace him will face his love." DON'T MISS:Isaac Newton's 330-year-old notebook tells of secret assistant [ANALYSIS]Neil deGrasse Tyson revealed how Einstein proved Newton wrong [LATEST]National Trust sites: From Isaac Newton's Apple to the Zepellin crash [INSIGHT] While Sir Isaac died a bachelor somewhere between 1726 and 1727, records disputing the exact date, his work is still poured over by critics and scholars, and his influence is still seen today. Perhaps the most celebrated moment of his illustrious career came at Woolsthorpe Manor, where Sir Isaac began wondering about gravity, including the iconic moment he saw an apple fall off the tree. This moment helped create his theory and the apple tree responsible for the iconic moment in history was last year dedicated to the late Queen Elizabeth II as part of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Emma Michalak, operations manager at Woolsthorpe Manor, said: "We are very fortunate to look after not just a nationally significant tree, but one whose story echoes across the globe. "Sir Isaac watched one apple fall at his childhood home between 1665 to 67 and the scientific world changed forever. We have the privilege to welcome thousands of visitors every year to tell his story." In a message, the then-Prince Charles added: "These working woodlands and magnificent trees span our nation’s amazing landscape and exist for everyone to enjoy. The ancient woodlands and trees can be found in urban as well as rural environments, from National Parks to residential areas, representing the unique diversity of all corners of the United Kingdom. "Trees and woodlands have a profound significance for us all – their steadfast and reassuring presence a reminder of our long serving sovereign and her enduring dedication. "Let us ensure that in her name we can now protect and strengthen this wonderful living canopy for the next 70 years and, hopefully, way beyond. And, above all, let us ensure that future generations can celebrate and enjoy them.” 