Jeremy Clarkson's claim that he despised Meghan Markle to the point of fantasising about "excrement being thrown at her while she was paraded naked through the streets" sparked a mammoth backlash, becoming the Independent Press Standards Organisation’s most complained about article of all time. Comedian Bill Bailey has little sympathy, branding Jeremy's comments "clumsy" and "oafish" and declaring that he should have known the reaction his comments would cause. Talking in a new interview, the 57-year-old insisted: "[He] got the kicking he deserved." He told the Telegraph: "You might [make a comment like Jeremy's] in the pub as a clumsy, oafish sort of laugh. "But you put it in print and not only does it take on another life but it gives gravitas to something that should never have had it." Bill also exclaimed that he could scarcely believe Jeremy hadn't been more "savvy". READ NOW: Coronation Street’s Saira Choudhry engaged to partner 23 years later  "You think, ‘Come on, you’ve got to be more savvy than that, surely you can see how that’s going to pan out’," he continued. "It was misguided and ill-conceived and he got the kicking he deserved." His comments, which included a claim that he couldn't sleep at night because he despised her on a "cellular level" attracted thousands of complaints, leaving a sheepish Jeremy to ask the Sun to take his opinion piece down. They did so, but not before a string of celebrities - including his own daughter, social media influencer Emily Clarkson - had taken to social media to condemn it. Wildlife presenter Chris Packham, whose current BBC series Dogs In The Wild concludes on Wednesday, told half a million Twitter followers that he believed Jeremy should be jailed. "It’s [a] hate crime, pure and simple," he wrote, adding: "If there were any sort of justice there would be laws that would jail him." Suggesting that the publisher of the column should be "shut down", he added: "Is this the country we want to live in? Is this what we should tolerate?” Meanwhile, the SNP’s shadow culture minister said he recommended Jeremy was banned from TV.  A total of 60 cross-party MPs wrote to The Sun to demand that "action" should be taken against Jeremy. Meanwhile his daughter Emily took to Instagram to hint that she thought he was guilty of "misogyny" and to tell the world she disagreed with "every word he wrote". "My views are and have always been clear when it comes to misogyny, bullying and the treatment of women by the media," she wrote. "I want to make it very clear that I stand against everything that my dad wrote about Meghan Markle and I remain standing in support of those that are targeted with online hatred.” Lacking public support, a sheepish Jeremy vowed to be more careful in future and said he was "horrified to have caused so much hurt". Originally, he had embellished a Games of Thrones scene and applied it to the former Duchess of Sussex, writing: "I hate her. "Not like I hate [Scottish National Party leader] Nicola Sturgeon or [serial killer] Rose West. I hate her on a cellular level. “At night, I’m unable to sleep as I lie there, grinding my teeth and dreaming of the day when she is made to parade naked through the streets of every town in Britain while the crowds chant, ‘Shame!’ and throw lumps of excrement at her."