A mum has been accused of killing her three children before attempting to take her own life. Lindsay Clancy, 32, is accused of strangling her daughter Cora, five, son Dawson, three, and baby Callan, eight months, at the family home in Duxbury, Massachusetts, US last Tuesday. Ms Clancy, who is recovering in hospital after jumping out a second-floor window, is facing murder and assault charges. She is said to have been suffering with post-natal depression.  Ms Clancy remains in hospital and is in police custody. It is not clear if she had retained an attorney, and has not pleaded to any charges. The charges as of Friday included two counts of first-degree murder, three counts of strangulation or suffocation, and three counts of assault and battery with a dangerous weapon. A first-degree murder conviction carries an automatic sentence of life without parole in Massachusetts.   Posting on GoFundMe, her husband Patrick Clancy begged for the public to try and forgive Ms Clancy, saying she is struggling with a “condition”. “I want to ask all of you that you find it deep within yourselves to forgive Lindsay, as I have,” he said. “The real Lindsay was generously loving and caring towards everyone — me, our kids, family, friends, and her patients. “The very fibres of her soul are loving. All I wish for her now is that she can somehow find peace.” READ MORE: Prince Harry 'wants to win' in coronation negotiations George Parnham is the lead attorney for Andrea Yates who drowned her five children in a bath tub in 2001. He told Fox News Digital that mothers who are experiencing psychotic episodes like Ms Clancy can make decisions for any range of reasons. Mr Parnham described examples of distressed mothers killing their children as "unlike any other type of homicide". "I put nothing past the minds of mothers who engage in this type of activity," he said. "It's not a barroom brawl gone bad or a drug deal gone bad”, he said of the type of crime Ms Clancy is alleged to have committed. “This is the very essence of our own existence. And when I see situations of this fashion, it's an overwhelming experience for a mother to do that."  DON'T MISSUS tipped to suffer major losses in open conflict with ChinaTyre Nichols was talented amateur skateboarder, friends' videos showFather of three ‘strangled’ kids begs for wife’s forgiveness Yates said she drowned each of her five kids, including her six-month-old daughter, one by one on June 20, 2001. The children – Mary, six months old; Luke, two; Paul, three; John, five; and Noah, seven – did not survive. She then called 911 and allegedly told an officer: "I just killed my kids." Yates’ legal team argued that the mom was experiencing severe postpartum depression. She confessed to the crimes, and was sentenced to life in prison with the possibility of parole after 40 years after being convicted of capital murder in 2002. However, the verdict was overturned on appeal, in light of false testimony, before a Texas jury in her retrial found that Yates was not guilty by reason of insanity in 2006. Later she was committed by the court to the North Texas State Hospital, before moving to Kerrville State Hospital, a low-security state mental hospital. 