The struggling parents recently decided to finally tie the knot, but Chesney (played by Sam Aston) has other dreams as he hopes a new business venture will take off. The Coronation Street stalwart ends up in trouble with his fiancée after he decides to spend their wedding savings on his burger project - will the stress tear the couple apart? After being engaged for a while, Chesney finally agreed he and Gemma would start making concrete plans for their big day. Gemma (Dolly-Rose Campbell) has shown more enthusiasm for the wedding, and it seems Chesney still has different priorities. In upcoming scenes of the ITV soap, Gemma accuses Chesney of putting his business idea before their wedding. Her brother, Paul Foreman (Peter Ash) calls at the couple's house and finds a chaotic scene as Gemma is swamped with kids. READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row She angrily explains she has no choice because Chesney has decided to spend their wedding funds elsewhere. It seems the hopeful entrepreneur decides to throw all the money at his burger venture. Paul explains he would like to help them out financially so they can have their wedding, but only if they stop arguing. Will Gemma accept her brother's help? It seems the worn-out mother was hoping she and Chesney could finance their own wedding. With the family struggling to feed their large family at the best of times, the cost of living crisis has made things more difficult for them. Chesney understandably wants to secure a better future with his business idea, but he knows how much Gemma has been keen to set a wedding date. Speaking to Digital Spy last month, Gemma star Dolly explained why her character is hoping to sort the wedding sooner rather than later. "It is a little bit of watching everybody around her planning to get married and her feeling a bit of competition with the other people," she stated. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale's Priya star admits she's 'not stop crying' over exit [LATEST]Saturday Kitchen fans distracted by Robson Green's accent [REACTION]Countdown's Susie Dent explains reason she turned down role [LATEST] "She is thinking, 'Why is everyone else getting to have their happy ever after and I'm not?'" Could Gemma become fed up with waiting for Chesney? The couple has been together for years, but their differing priorities might see them drifting apart. Could the beloved pair separate over their financial difficulties? Or will the couple accept help from Paul? Meanwhile, Gemma's mother Bernie Winter (Jane Hazlegrove) faces a relationship crisis of her own. Her partner Dev Alahan (Ranjiv Alahan) reveals his golfing partner has let him down, so Bernie offers to step in. Later in the Rovers, Bernie lords it over a sulky Dev and tells Chesney how she thrashed him at golf. When Bernie takes a call from the ladies’ golf captain asking her to take part in next week’s trials, Dev does his best to be pleased for her. Coronation Street continues on Monday at 8pm on ITV.