Tao Tsuchiya is well recognised for her role as Yuzuha Usagi on Netflix’s hit Japanese sci-fi thriller, Alice in Borderland. Following the release of season two, the actress had fans rushing to congratulate her after she shared some life-changing news.  Netflix has continued to gain worldwide acclaim for the continuous release of its Japanese and South Korean dramas. This was evident after shows such as Squid Game, All of Us Are Dead and Itaewon Class landed on the platform’s top ten list and received rave reviews. This was also the case for its latest Japanese drama, Alice in Borderland, which became wildly popular after the recent release of its second season. As a result, many fans began to closely follow the stars on social media to gain insight into who they are away from the cameras. READ MORE: Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again   Tao Tsuchiya who starred as the skilled mountaineer Yuzuha Usagi was swarmed with well wishes from fans after announcing her marriage and pregnancy. The actress took to Instagram and shared a snap of a scenic sunset, with a lengthy caption announcing the news. She wrote: “Dear All, Today, we are blessed with the first sunrise of 2023, which brings much happiness and joy to all of us. “To all of you who have been supporting us, watching over us, and giving us valuable guidance with much love, I have a very special announcement.     “We, Ryota Katayose and Tao Tsuchiya are getting married. “Since we first met, during all these years, we have continued to help and support each other with much respect, stimulating each other throughout various milestones as individual artists.” Addressing her fans, Tao added: “We would be very grateful if you would kindly support and continue to watch over us.” This sparked a major frenzy as excited viewers took to the comment section to celebrate the good news. DON'T MISS...Escape to the Chateau DIY mansion is being sold [INSIGHT]Alice in Borderland season 2 smashes Netflix records in first week [INSIGHT]Meet the star who plays Chishiya in Alice in Borderland [INSIGHT]   The praise also continued on the Alice in Borderland fan page on Reddit, as milkyteaz7 wrote: “I’m so excited and I love this for her and her partner.” BespectacIed commented: “Aww, good for her.” A third fan, Markleenct1 added: “Cute!!! Loved them in the live-action they did together.” While a shocked khayrirrw wrote: “I didn't see that coming. Lmao.”  Alice in Borderland follows the journey of gamer Ryōhei Arisu (Kento Yamazaki) who found himself in a mysterious and emptied-out version of Tokyo. As a result, he and Usagi were forced to compete in dangerous games in order to survive. Although season two of the Manga adaption came to an end last month, fans are eagerly the announcement of the show’s renewal. While a third instalment has yet to be confirmed, many are hopeful following the show’s major success.  Alice in Borderland seasons 1-2 are available to stream on Netflix. 