A huge police search operation is now underway in Lancashire after a woman disappeared on Friday while walking her dog. Nicola Bulley, 45, was last seen on Friday at around 9:15am near Garstang Road in St Michael’s on Wyre, walking along a footpath close to the river. Her dog, a brown spaniel, was later discovered close to the scene. Ms Bulley was last seen wearing a long black gilet jacket with a hood, black jeans and olive green ankle wellies with her hair tied into a ponytail. Lancashire Police, Fire and Rescue Service, Bowland Pennine Mountain Rescue team and the North West Underwater Search Team are all now attempting to locate her. Chief Inspector Chris Barton, of Lancashire Police, said: "Nicola has now been missing for two days and we are extremely concerned about her.  "Firstly, if anybody saw her on Friday morning and has not yet been spoken to by police, or if anybody has any other information about where she might be, please get in touch with us straight away. "Enquiries are very much ongoing and we have a team of detectives working tirelessly to establish the circumstances around her disappearance, in addition to a large team of police officers, partner agency and volunteer groups on the ground searching the area around where she was last seen. "We are following a number of lines of enquiry and are keeping an open mind at this stage about what has occurred.  READ MORE: Killers and rapists hiding in UK 'for years', investigation shows "We appreciate there is a great deal of concern in the local area and that people want to help, however we would ask that nobody puts themselves in any danger. "If anybody has any questions or concerns they are welcome to speak to officers in the area." Members of the public have also joined in the search, as Ms Bulley had connections to Thornton Cleveleys, Inskip and St Michael’s in the surrounding area.  DON'T MISS:Ron DeSantis teases his 2024 White House run [LATEST]Keir Starmer has 'no policies for getting rid of woke' [ANALYSIS]William given up trying to amend things with 'lost' brother Harry [INSIGHT] A spokesman for the force added: "We have also become aware that a large number of people from the local community have organised a search of the area and we would urge them to stay safe. "The river and its banks are extremely dangerous and searching these areas presents a genuine risk to the public. "Anybody who has seen Nicola, or has information about where she might be, is asked to call 101, quoting log 473 of January 27th. For immediate sightings please call 999." 