Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has explained why Trent Alexander-Arnold was named on the bench for the crucial Saturday clash with Chelsea. James Milner will fill in at right-back in Alexander-Arnold's absence, while Ibrahima Konate and Joe Gomez partner each other in the heart of defence as Joel Matip was also named on the bench. Alexander-Arnold has been managing a small muscle injury and had only returned to training on Friday, Klopp revealed. He was also not named in the squad that defeated Wolves 1-0 in the FA Cup third-round replay, as Milner lined up on the right of the defence. "Trent only trained yesterday for the first time," Klopp told BT Sport. "Darwin [Nunez] only trained one-and-a-half days. In midfield, we want to be compact - we were compact against Wolves. [Naby] Keita and Thiago made challenges, defensively and offensively - we were connected. "When you are too open in general in midfield nobody can close the gaps, and usually we were not compact enough. That starts with the front three, then the front three are not together and it makes life incredibly difficult for the midfielders. "In this game [vs Wolves] we were really compact, both wingers and then Cody [Gakpo] defended in kind of a Bobby [Roberto] Firmino manner if you want. He did really well, then all of a sudden Naby Keita, Thiago Alcantara - who are not famous for being sprinters or whatever - had the challenges in the areas where they are good at, offensively and defensively." Stefan Bajcetic was also handed his first Premier League start, as Klopp was impressed with his performance in the FA Cup replay win over Wolves. "I liked everything, I liked everything I saw [against Wolves]," he added. DON'T MISS...Man Utd can replicate Van Persie move as Ten Hag priority out of reachChelsea boss Potter explains Mudryk debut plan before Liverpool clashTottenham eye Trossard rebound as Paratici 'sets up Zaniolo meeting'  "It was not a big call, he deserves that. He would have played before because we had injuries for two games but he has made massive steps since he’s been with us. "He’s a smart kid, a really good footballer, and he mentioned I wouldn’t have played him today, but what do we have to do as a football player is play outstanding and then the coach tells you that was good my friend, but back in the cupboard or whatever. It was clear that if we can, we start with this midfield again, and he was part of this midfield, a decisive part and that is why." Harvey Elliott retained his place in the team, having scored the winning goal at Molineux and is set to join Mohamed Salah and Cody Gakpo in the front three. Liverpool XI to face Chelsea: Alisson; Milner, Gomez, Konate, Robertson; Keita, Bajcetic, Thiago; Elliott, Salah, Gakpo. 