Alvaro Morata has provided an update on his wife, Alice Campello after she was left in intensive care after giving birth to their fourth child earlier this week. Campello had to receive specialist care at Madrid's University Hospital of Navarra, leaving the Atletico Madrid forward 'scared'. Morata revealed with a post on Tuesday that Campello has given birth to Bella, accompanied by an adorable image of the baby sleeping in pink and white pyjamas. But he added that the model-turned-businesswoman had suffered 'complications', leaving her in the ICU. Morata wrote: "Yesterday Bella was born, and it's just like we dreamed it would be. Mom, unfortunately, after the childbirth that went very well, she had some complications that made us very scared. "Alice is strong and recovering little by little. Now she is in the intensive care of Clinica Universidad de Navarra, and she is being taken care of by wonderful doctors. We will never stop thanking them for the affection they have given us at all times, for their professionalism, for never making us feel alone... I can only estimate them immensely. We hug you and thank you for all the messages and the beautiful words you wrote to us worried. Will keep you posted." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Morata's comments were a cause for concern, but he eased fears on Wednesday morning. The £60million Chelsea flop returned to his Instagram to provide a positive update, confirming his wife was out of the ICU and reunited with him and Bella. He wrote: "Hello everyone! @alicecampello is out of ICU and in the room much better and recovering with Bella. I'm still taking in all that happened. Thank you, Alice, for once again teaching me a lesson. You are definitely a fighter and an example for me. DON'T MISS: Man Utd have new Alejandro Garnacho as Erik ten Hag weighs up transfer "It's definitely been the worst days of my life, but I'm lucky to have you in it. You are the best thing that ever happened to me, and my life without you would have no meaning. "Thanks to all the people who have been close to us, and once again, thanks to all the people of the C.U.N. for their delicacy and treatment. "Thank you, Dr Munoz and all the people who work in this hospital. Gotta enjoy every moment. Thank you all @clinicanavarra." Bella joins the couple's twins, four-year-old Alessandro and Leandro, and Edoardo, who is just two. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here