Rishi Sunak has been urged to "get on with it" after he pledged to "stop the boats" and tackle the migrant crisis in his latest speech. Conservative MP Sir John Redwood said he hopes Mr Sunak will "get on" and solve the problem "urgently". While the MP said Mr Sunak's speech was "all very sensible", Sir John said it is "now about delivery". He said the problem of illegal migration will be a "litmus test" for Mr Sunak's premiership, warning the issue needs to be solved in January. In his first domestic speech of 2023, delivered earlier this afternoon, the Prime Minister pledged to address the "peoples' priorities", saying he would do so with "no tricks" or "ambiguity". He pledged to "rebuild trust in politics through action", making five promises to "deliver peace of mind" and "build a better future for our children and grandchildren". One of the promises included stopping small boats. He also pledged to halve inflation, grow the economy, make sure the national debt is falling and reduce NHS waiting lists. Mr Sunak promised to work "night and day" to deliver on the five challenges and to create "a future that restores optimism, hope and pride in Britain". Speaking about the small boats problem, the Prime Minister said: "We will pass new laws to stop small boats making sure that if you come to this country illegally, you are detained and swiftly removed." But Mr Sunak said the issue of Channel crossings was "not an easy problem to fix" or "one that we can fix overnight." Responding to the Prime Minister's speech, Sir John told Express.co.uk: "I think what he said was all very sensible, and as he himself said, it's now about delivery. "He has certainly got the right priorities - we want the economy to grow, we want taxes to be able to fall again, we want to clear waiting lists in hospitals. "That's all good stuff. But the issue is how quickly and how. I think it's about more than words, it is also about delivery." Sir John added: "The issue he highlighted at the beginning is absolutely critical - and that's the illegal migrants risking their lives and making lots of money for nasty people on boats. "I think we've just got to get on with that urgently because it's a very real problem which is ticking away and getting worse with every day that passes. "So I think that's becoming the sort of litmus test of that whole thing - so I hope we will be given proposals next week when we're allowed back to parliament, and I hope he'll get on and do it urgently. "He's identified the need to strengthen the law so please do it and let's see the results, so that is what I will be saying when we return. "We want him to succeed - there are enough problems out there, and we are all interested in solving problems for our constituents. We've accepted him as Prime Minister. We wish him well. So let's get on with it. There are too many things wrong at the moment." Asked what will happen if the migration issue isn't solved by the middle of next year, Sir John said: "I have no idea, and I am recommending that we don't get to that point. "I am an optimist and I want it to succeed, but as I am sure he knows it has got to be done in January, not in June."