Jose Mourinho’s reported interest in returning to Chelsea will come as no surprise given that he has spoken openly about the ‘dream’ to manage an incredibly lucrative club once again. Graham Potter is coming under pressure at Stamford Bridge following an underwhelming start to his tenure at the club. The former Brighton boss was identified as the ideal candidate to replace Thomas Tuchel in the Stamford Bridge dugout earlier this season, with Todd Boehly keen to bring in a long-term manager that would build his own squad and mentality at the club. However, questions have now been raised about the appointment as the Blues have slipped further and further down the Premier League table. Chelsea are currently 10th in the Premier League and will need to improve significantly if they are to be involved in the battle for the Champions League places. It is insisted that Potter still has the backing of Boehly and co, though the American owner is not short of replacements if he has a change of heart, According to the Daily Mail, Mourinho is interested in a third stint as Chelsea manager, with any Premier League job likely to capture his attention. The Portuguese icon is a firm favourite at Chelsea and it would be no surprise for him to return at some stage, especially given how desperate he is to work for a club with immense spending power. Speaking earlier this month about Roma’s transfer business, Mourinho said: “I am not expecting anyone to arrive. “The director (Tiago Pinto) was very honest and direct, he said things in an interview that a coach usually doesn’t like to hear. Coaches always want to hear we have lots of money, can buy option a, b, c, d, build an incredible team. That is the dream. “I worked at clubs with those sorts of practically limitless funds. There are more and more clubs nowadays who fit that profile, but it’s not our profile. We work, we give our all, we work with the characteristics we’ve got.” He was then asked about his need for a forward, and the ex-Tottenham boss exclaimed: “We need to find a solution, we can’t just buy Mudryk for €100m (£87m)!” Chelsea have splashed the cash this month and are likely to welcome more arrivals before the transfer window closes. Signings are being made with the green light from Potter, and he will be hoping that players brought in to fit his system will spark an improvement from the overall squad so that managers sniffing at a potential vacancy disappear.