Bournemouth have reportedly reached an agreement to sign Roma ace Nicolo Zaniolo after putting forward an offer of £26million plus add-ons for the player. The attacker has been a long-term target for Premier League giants Tottenham, with AC Milan also chasing his signature. Zaniolo joined Roma from Inter Milan in 2018 and has gone on to bag 24 goals and 18 assists in 128 appearances for his current employers. This season the player has featured 13 times in Serie A but has endured an indifferent spell of form and has come in for criticism from some sections of the Roma fanbase. Zaniolo only has 18 months remaining on his current deal and has refused to commit his future to the club after reaching a contract impasse with the Italian team. And, according to Sky Italia, the player could now be on his way to the south coast of England. On top of the transfer fee, Bournemouth have offered to give Roma 10 per cent of any Zaniolo resale price in the future. And the Cherries’ overall transfer package is said to meet the demands of the Italian club. If Milan don’t come in with a bid that at least matches Bournemouth’s offer, Roma will close the agreement with the English side and allow Zaniolo to make a decision about whether he wants to move to the Premier League. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Zaniolo has won 11 caps for Italy, with the last two of those coming in friendlies against Albania and Austria last November. The 23-year-old was handed a starting berth as his country defeated Albania 3-1 and then came off the bench four days later as the Azzurri lost 2-0 to Austria. If Bournemouth do get their hands on Zaniolo, it could give them a huge boost in their quest to avoid relegation from the Premier League. The Dorset team won promotion back to the top-flight last year after finishing runners-up to Fulham in the Championship. But they have struggled for form this season and are 18th in the table after winning just four of their 20 matches. DON'T MISS...Swansea ball boy kicked by Eden Hazard now has £40m fortuneLaura Woods wades into row over Arsenal boss Arteta's angry anticsChelsea target Gusto 'en route' as Boehly spending set to continue  Earlier this week, Gazzetta dello Sport reported that Spurs were still in the race to sign Zaniolo, with manager Antonio Conte thought to be a huge admirer of the star. But if they don’t put forward a concrete offer with haste, they will more than likely be left to rue a missed opportunity. The Lilywhites could do with attacking reinforcements after dropping to fifth in the Premier League table following a poor run of form. Conte’s team have also flattered to deceive in front of goal in recent weeks and have scored just two goals in their last three matches in all competitions. 