Arsenal and Chelsea could be left empty-handed in the race to sign Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo in spite of the player's desire to accept a new challenge away from the Amex Stadium. Caicedo has been heavily linked with a big-money move elsewhere over the last few months and it seems as though the battle to secure his services is heating up ahead of next week's January transfer deadline. Arsenal have admired the Ecuador international from a distance for some time and firmed up their interest on Friday with an official bid, which was said to have been in the region of around £60million. Brighton wasted no time in rejecting their offer, though, leaving the Gunners with a big decision to make over whether to return to the table with an improved proposal in the coming days.Chelsea have also been credited with a keen desire to land Caicedo, who has turned plenty of heads with his performances for Brighton in the Premier League this season and is said to be eager to leave the club this month. However, it seems that the Seagulls could ultimately end up keeping hold of their prized asset until the end of the season in spite of the interest in his services from some of England's biggest sides.Brighton will only sanction Caicedo's exit if they are able to replace him with another midfielder before the January window slams shut, although this could prove easier said than done, according to The Independent. It is said that RB Leipzig playmaker Amadou Haidara has been identified as a player of interest but the German outfit are unwilling to sell with so little time left to find a replacement of their own. JUST IN: Jurgen Klopp shares Liverpool plans for final days of transfer window The report claims that it is simply the 'wrong time' for any side to be attempting to buy Leipzig's most important players, with the club just four points adrift of Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich at the top of the standings. The situation paints a bleak picture for Arsenal and Chelsea regarding their hopes of negotiating a move for Caicedo, who is unlikely to leave Brighton unless Haidara joins the Seagulls between now and the end of this month.It remains to be seen what the future holds for Caicedo, who remains tied down at Brighton until the summer of 2025 as things stand and has established himself as a hugely important cog in the machine for Roberto De Zerbi's side this season. Liverpool have also been tipped to rival the likes of Arsenal and Chelsea in the race to land the 21-year-old by former England goalkeeper Paul Robinson, with the Reds having been linked with the addition of a new midfielder for a number of months. "Caicedo is a marvellous player," Robinson recently told Football Insider. "I’ve watched in person a couple of times this season and I was extremely impressed. He plays well beyond his years, I can’t believe he is just 21.“If Chelsea are going to make a move Liverpool should do the same. They do not want to miss out on him, he is just the kind of player Jurgen Klopp needs. They are lacking a bit of bite in their midfield, Caicedo would bring that, it will not be cheap though especially if Chelsea are interested." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.