Cleaning an oven can be an arduous task as grease and grime builds up and becomes stubborn to remove. There are many products on the market with strong chemicals that successfully leave the inside of an oven and the racks sparkling clean. But if you’re looking for a more natural solution that doesn’t involve harsh, pungent chemicals, consider using a dishwasher tablet or soda crystals. Hayley Child took to the Facebook group, Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips asking for advice on oven cleaning. She posted: “So am trying the putting oven racks in bathtub overnight any recommendations to clean the bottom of the oven and door without using harsh chemicals.” Several people suggested Oven Pride but the acid produces a harsh smell of chemicals. Instead, the overwhelming option was using a dishwasher tablet to clean both the inside of the oven and the racks. READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire’s quiet life in London - average home fetches £750k Evelyn Marshall said a “dishwasher tablet worked” for her and Tracey Hankin agreed: “A dishwasher tablet in the bottom of your oven with water boiled from your kettle.” Ronnie Gregory explained how he used a dishwasher table to clean his oven: “Dishwasher tablet in a hot wet cloth, rub over oven door, then wipe. You may have to do it a couple of times, depending how dirty it is.” Carolyn Cammack added: “Dishwasher tablets are the best scourers for oven cleaning. We cleaned my daughters range cooker yesterday, the first time in seven years and cannot believe how easy just damping the tablet and scrubbing has brought the oven up like new!” You don’t need to use an expensive brand of dishwasher tablets to get a good result. DON'T MISS...Game-changing method to poach eggs without a saucepan [VIDEO]Michael Mosley’s safe and effective’ keto diet to lose weight fast [COMMENT]Rod Stewart’s staggering net worth after a 60-year music career [INSIGHT] A pack of 30 can be purchased from Asda for £3, this works out to be 10p per tablet. Wilko also sells dishwasher tablets for £3 but there are 40 in a pack. As for how dishwasher tablets work when it comes to removing grease and grime, they are made of concentrated dishwasher detergent and promise to cut through tough grease and leave your dishes sparkling. The powerful cleaning agents are great for oven grease and food stains, especially since dishwasher tablets promise to remove baked-on food; and stains in the oven are baked-on. If a dishwasher tablet is used as a paste, it has an abrasive surface which can help scour away any hard food or stains, but is gentle enough not to scratch the inside of the oven or the glass. READ MORE: I tried the viral Scrub Mummy sponge - review For the oven racks, some suggested soaking them in soda crystals. Before placing them in the bath, though, Katherine Stanley advised placing “old towels under the racks so they do not put scratch marks in bathtub”. She added: “My mum soaks the racks in soda [crystals] overnight and the grime comes straight off. Make a paste of electric soda and wipe out the oven then wipe out the soda and grime sparkling results and non toxic.” Tina Betts said you didn’t have to use the bathtub to clean the oven racks, instead: “To clean your oven racks, I would suggest you go outside, put the racks into a plastic garbage bag, spray your racks with oven cleaner or whatever cleanser you choose. “Close the bag tight, let it set overnight, then rinse them with a hose or bucket of water in the morning. Voilà clean racks.” As for how often you should clean your oven, Queen of Clean Lynsey Crombie said a light clean should be done after every use and a deep clean once a month. Lynsey explained: “I advise to wipe over with a warm soapy cloth after every use and then do a deep clean with the shelves once a month." Leaving long gaps between cleaning your oven can make the job harder and more tedious, therefore, the key is to clean your oven little and often.