Coronation Street fans will remember Chesney Brown (played by Sam Aston) proposed to Gemma Winter (Dolly-Rose Campbell) as she went into labour with their quadruplets. The pair have been engaged for sometime now and Gemma is keen to walk down the aisle and get married. But with Chesney not as bothered as his partner, fans think she could turn her attention elsewhere. Chesney finally relented and told Gemma they could start saving for a wedding. He even brought back a bottle from the kebab shop which he suggested they put spare cash into. Gemma was originally thrilled by the idea but when she learned Joseph had been in trouble at school for signing, she quickly forgot the idea. Gemma and Bernie (Jane Hazelgrove) locked themselves in the primary school along with Michael Bailey (Ryan Russell) in protest. READ MORE: The Masked Singer’s Pigeon’s identity ‘uncovered’ in costume clue Once they left, Michael’s mother Aggie (Lorna Laidlaw) complained about being left to look after Glory all night. She insisted she wouldn’t be taking care of the youngster any longer and Michael was left to find alternate health care. Bernie immediately suggested Gemma could look after the tot as she was home with two of the quads. Michael was incredibly grateful and handed over £30, which Gemma can add to her wedding savings. After Gemma explained Glory had been absolutely fine at her house and she’d help out again, Michael was thrilled. He offered to continue paying Gemma for her help as the pair struck up a deal. While Michael is happy to have childcare and Gemma is earning extra cash, viewers think the pair could grow closer. Taking to Twitter, Coronation Street fans have predicted Gemma could cheat on Chesney and have an affair with Michael. DON'T MISS...3 big Coronation Street spoilers as Amy Barlow in danger [SPOILERS]Coronation Street star makes return to cobbles after three years [LATEST]Coronation Street fans 'work out' Fiz flees cobbles in twist  [THEORY] @MickJohnPNEFC tweeted: “Gemma & michael are going to get it on.... money on it #corrie.” @ConnorMckenna101 added: “Affair for Gemma and Michael? #corrie.” @TavernHoyden predicted: “#corrie Whats this connection with Michael and Gemma now? Mmmmmm?” Elsewhere in the episode, Max Turner (Paddy Bever) spoke to the police about Griff Reynolds. After giving the police everything he knew, Max returned him and Gail (Helen Worth) initially refused to support him. When she and David (Jack P Shepherd) later left the house, Griff snuck in and warned Max to stay quiet. David hears Griff in the house and rushed in and a fight broke out between the two. Thankfully before things got too bad, the police arrived to arrest Griff with the help of Spider Nugent (Martin Hancock). Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday on ITV at 8pm.