Fears have erupted that transgender rapist Isla Bryson could be in the "care suite" of a women's jail in Scotland, where inmates share communal spaces including showers. Bryson, who until 2020 was named Adam Graham, was found guilty of raping a woman in Clydebank in 2016 and another in Glasgow in 2019. Bryson first appeared in the dock in July 2019, and has since announced the decision to transition, with the High Court later hearing Bryson has begun the process of gender reassignment. But the convicted rapist is likely to be held in Ross House at the all-female Cornton Vale jail in Stirling, according to MailOnline, where transgender prisoners are placed with pregnant and other vulnerable women. On Wednesday, it was anounced Bryson has been remanded in Cornton Vale but will be held separately from the jail's general population. A risk assessment will later be carried out to decide where Bryson should be held after that. A recent review of care at the facility by the Mental Welfare Commission for Scotland raised "issues of privacy and dignity for the women" in a unit where toilets are in inmates' cells but "showering facilities are communal". The commission, which "protects and promotes the human rights of people with mental illness, learning disabilities, dementia and related conditions", said they learned of "women neglecting their personal hygiene or refusing to wear clothing". In 2019, transgender prisoner Paris Green was sentenced to a minimum of 18 years in prison for murder and began her sentence at Cornton Vale but was moved from there after reports Green had sex with female prisoners in the cells at the Stirling facility. At Ross Hall in the prison, inmates have hared access to a communal kitchen, gym and to a large outdoor exercise area as well as access to an art therapist and a walking club, according to a report from inspectors in 2021. They found: "The care suite comprises fourteen single occupancy rooms on the ground floor and accommodates women who are more vulnerable. Women who are pregnant, transgender women or occasionally young persons may be cared for here. "Most women housed in the care suite however are there due to mental illness or distress. Each room has a sink and a toilet. Showering facilities are communal." READ MORE: NatWest announces 23 more bank branches will close this year The Scottish Prison Service said it decides where to send transgender prisoners "on an individualised basis, informed by a multi-disciplinary assessment of both risk and need". But leading Scottish politicians have expressed serious concerns over Bryson, with SNP MP Joanna Cherry saying she is "very concerned about the safety of women prisoners, with whom a convicted rapist has been placed". She told Times Radio: "To many people, it will look like this convicted rapist has gamed the system in order to try and garner sympathy, and to end up in a women's prison. And I think a lot of people will be shocked by that. "So I think we should be talking about these cases. And women in prison are very vulnerable. Many women in prison have themselves been abused, and have suffered injuries over the years. So they're particularly vulnerable. And perhaps some people would say nobody really cares about prisoners. DON'T MISSJeremy Hunt to axe EU red tape to unleash £100bn Brexit boost [REPORT]POLL: Should Nadhim Zahawi resign over tax row? [OPINION]Brexit plan branded ‘baffling’ by M&S chief over trade fears [COMMENTS] "But the point about human rights is that they're universal, and they apply to everyone. So I'm very concerned about the safety of women prisoners, with whom a convicted rapist has been placed. "Under Scots law, the crime of rape can only be committed by somebody with a penis, and that's a man. And I think we should call, I think we should call out what's happened here." Interviewer Stig Abell asked Ms Cherry: "So, this is a man who's committed a crime and should be in a male prison?" The SNP MP replied: "Yes." Labour MSP Jenny Marra tweeted: "Cannot quite believe that the Scottish justice system has just put a violent man convicted today of raping two women in women's prison Cornton Vale housing some of the most vulnerable women in our country. Ministers need to explain why and take responsibility." Scottish Conservative MSP Russell Findlay said: "We now have the utterly perverse situation where a Scottish court refers to someone who says he identifies as female using "her penis" to rape two vulnerable women. "We warned of the inevitability of this happening if the SNP's gender self-ID law passed, but for it already to have become reality is deeply worrying and an affront to the victims." A Scottish Prison Service spokeswoman said: "Decisions by the SPS as to the most appropriate location to accommodate transgender people are made on an individualised basis, informed by a multi-disciplinary assessment of both risk and need. "Such decisions seek to protect both the wellbeing and rights of the individual as well as the welfare and rights of others around them, including staff, in order to achieve an outcome that balances risks and promotes the safety of all. "Where there are any concerns about any risks posed by an individual, either to themselves or others, we retain the ability to keep them separate from the mainstream population until an agreed management plan is in place." A Scottish Government spokesman added: "Decisions taken by the Scottish Prison Service on the placement of transgender prisoners are based on protecting both the wellbeing and rights of the individual and those around them, including staff. "The SPS use comprehensive individualised risk assessments to inform decisions, such as the appropriate location of transgender people in custody, and not the basis of a Gender Recognition Certificate. "The Gender Recognition Reform (Scotland) Bill does not change this process in any way."