Jennifer Lopez, 53, has been pictured spending quality time with her husband Ben Affleck and her 14-year-old twins Emme and Max in LA. This comes as the children's father Marc Anthony, 54, remarried over the weekend, with the twins seemingly missing the ceremony in Miami. Marc married the 23-year-old Miss Universe contestant in a star-studded ceremony at the Perez Art Museum. The singer and his fourth bride Nadia Ferreira had been engaged for eight months before their nuptials. The wedding took place at 7:30 pm on Saturday, according to a detailed report by Hola. The publication also noted that Miami Mayor Francis X. Suarez acted as the wedding officiant for the soiree, which was attended by the likes of David Beckham, and Romeo Santos. READ MORE: Stacey Solomon left tearful as she finally announces baby's gender However, the star's children, whom he shares with J.Lo, didn't attend the Miami nuptials and were instead pictured in LA with their mother and her husband Ben. Marc counted David Beckham as one of his best men, along with his close friend Carlos Slim, who also stood by his side. Marc's two sons Cristian, 21, and Ryan, 19, whom he shares with ex-wife Dayanara Torres, were in attendance for their father's special day. The reason for Jennifer and Marc's children's non-attendance at their father's wedding is unknown.  Jennifer and Marc were married from 2004 until 2011, with their divorce being finalised in 2014. The legendary singer has now gone on to rekindle her romance with Ben Affleck after their failed engagement 17 years ago. The pair were one of Hollywood's hottest couples of the early noughties, but called off their engagement in 2004. Ben got down on one knee for the second time in early 2022 and the pair were married by July. DON'T MISS... Monty Don and wife Sarah’s financial struggles made him ‘loony’ [INSIGHT] Helen Skelton 'terrified' as Strictly stars dodge 'bottles thrown' [LATEST] George Clooney opens up about Bell's palsy diagnosis [HOLLYWOOD] Not only do they have an amicable co-parenting relationship, but Jennifer and Marc have a close friendship. She referred to the hitmaker as her "best friend" in a 2017 interview, adding that she and Marc were "in a really great place", after their divorce. Appearing on The View in 2017, she said: "Marc and I are good how we are right now. There's a reason we're not together, but we're great friends and we're parents together. "We're even working on a Spanish album together. That has been even better for us. "We met working, and that's where we're really magical when we're on stage together, and so we leave it there. That's it." Speaking on Live with Kelly and Ryan, she talked more about her dynamic with the Rain Over Me singer, saying: "We are like best friends. We are making an album now. "At first I was like, we're good with the kids, but if we start working together, are we going to start going at each other again? "But it's been awesome. Honestly, I think it's even helped our relationship and it's made things even better."