Everton boss Frank Lampard reportedly has two Premier League matches to save his job. The 44-year-old has come under intense pressure at Goodison Park following a woeful run of form that has seen his side slip into the Premier League relegation zone. Everton appointed Lampard as their manager at the end of last January, with the team battling to avoid the drop to the Championship. The ex-Chelsea midfielder was unconvincing during the early days of his Toffees tenure but managed to secure his team’s Premier League survival. This season, Everton started their top-flight campaign well as they lost just two of their first eight matches. But the team have only won one of their last 10 Premier League encounters, with their 3-0 victory over Crystal Palace in October being sandwiched between seven defeats and two draws. The Merseyside giants were boosted by an unlikely point at the Etihad Stadium on New Year’s Eve as they battled to a 1-1 draw against Manchester City. But they followed that up with a 4-1 thumping at the hands of Brighton three days later. READ MORE: Tottenham star Son Heung-min expresses sorrow for team-mates    Lampard appears to be clinging to his job in the north west. And, according to the I, the former England international’s future is now dependent on huge league games against fellow strugglers Southampton and West Ham. The Toffees host bottom-of-the-table Southampton on Saturday, January 14, before travelling to 17th-place West Ham a week later. And Lampard will be under pressure to pick up points in both those clashes to avoid the chop. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see   Before those encounters, Lampard will turn his attentions to the FA Cup, with Everton travelling to Old Trafford on Friday night to face Manchester United. The Toffees have reached the quarter-finals of the competition in each of the last two campaigns, but were knocked out by Crystal Palace last term after succumbing to Manchester City the season before. Everton’s loss against Brighton on Tuesday night was their third consecutive home defeat. And after the match, Lampard said: “Since I have been in here we have been in this situation, of a relegation battle last year and through this season really, so it's not a case of fear [for the future], it's a case of just keep working. “I can't control the talk or the decisions, when you’re around this area of the table this is what happens. You lose a game like this, I absolutely understand any reaction. I don't listen to too much of it because if you do it becomes your focal point, so I don't focus on it.” 