Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has remained coy on the injury Bukayo Saka picked up during Monday's 3-0 FA Cup win against Oxford United. The Gunners comfortably booked a fourth-round date with Manchester City at the Kassam Stadium, but Saka has raised concerns ahead of Sunday's north London derby. Some fans were surprised by the strength of the side Arteta fielded against opposition 58 places below Arsenal in the English football pyramid. Saka joined Gabriel Magalhaes and Gabriel Martinelli as the key figures in this season's Premier League title challenge starting against Oxford. There was even more nervousness when Arteta kept the no 7 on the pitch after Mohamed Elneny and Eddie Nketiah fired the visitors into a 2-0 lead after 70 minutes. And many supporters' fears were realised in the 75th minute when Saka was forced off for Emile Smith Rowe after receiving treatment for a painful-looking leg injury. Nketiah added a second to round off a successful night for the Londoners, but concerns over Saka's well-being stained the result. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE However, after full-time Arteta eased fears albeit rather bluntly, claiming the England international was in good shape for the Tottenham clash this weekend. He told ITV Sport: "Yeah, he's fine. He'll be okay." The news comes as a significant boost as Arsenal turn their focus toward not only Spurs but a crucial period in their promising campaign. After Sunday's derby, the Gunners host Manchester United at the Emirates Stadium, with a highly-anticipated Premier League encounter against Man City also on the horizon. Arteta's side will face his former mentor Pep Guardiola again in the coming weeks, with their win in Oxford setting up a fourth-round trip to the Etihad Stadium. DON'T MISS: Wout Weghorst to Man Utd done 'tomorrow' after extraordinary offer Fabio Viera boosted Arsenal's options for the Spurs meeting by showing his class against Oxford, providing two sumptuous assists. And Arteta hailed him in the aftermath, saying: "He has the quality. He's a really creative player. "He has the capacity to decide games in the final third, and in the moments we found him in the right spaces, he made the difference." Nketiah was handed the man-of the-match award for his brace, and his manager also expressed his 'delight' with his current form in Gabriel Jesus' absence. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here