Lisa Marie Presley may have been The King of Rock and Roll’s daughter, but did you know she once helped work in a fish and chip shop van? It was over a decade ago that Elvis Presley’s only child was spotted in an apron serving up food to hungry customers from a mobile outlet called Mr Chippy. Aged 44 at the time, Lisa Marie had moved to Rotherfield in East Sussex in 2010 where the van is based. According to Mail Online, Mr Chippy owner Kim Scales said at the time: “It was when she first moved to the village about two years ago. She is really interested in who people are and wanted to know all about our lives and how we live. We own the pub and a mobile fish and chip van, but she said she'd never heard of anything like it, and said she wanted to work on it. She got on there with her son, but we were all laughing because not one of the locals realised who it was.” Kim, who also owns the village pub The King’s Arms continued: “She served one local double fishcake and chips and he didn't have a clue that she was Elvis Presley's daughter.” The Mr Chippy owner said how Lisa Marie liked to chat to the locals in the pub over some British favourites. She said: “She loves fish and chips and drinks and eats in the pub all the time. She's partial to a pint of Guinness, too! It was nice for her to have that normal experience. She'd have never been able to do that in LA.” READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley, 54, dies two days after Golden Globes appearance Kim added: “She doesn't come down here all glammed up, she's just herself and always mingles with the locals in the pub.” However, when asked if she would employ Lisa Marie, it turns out Elvis’ daughter wasn’t a natural when it came to working in a fish and chip shop van. The Mr Chippy owner said: “No way! She got the fish all upside down and was totally cack-handed.” Lisa Marie moved into her £9 million UK home to get away from “self-absorbed” Californians. DON'T MISSElvis Presley's affectionate nicknames for Priscilla and Lisa Marie [ELVIS FAMILY]Elvis: How Lisa Marie's name was chosen and what a boy would be called [LISA MARIE]Michael Jackson funeral: Lisa Marie’s moment alone by his casket [LISA MARIE AND MJ] Speaking in a BBC Radio 2 interview from the time, Lisa Marie said: “I lived in the same neighbourhood for 17 years and I didn’t even know a neighbour. When I moved here I was getting notes and flowers. That’s what I love about it. It’s simple, it’s not flash, it was a quality of life I needed.” Elvis’ daughter added in another interview of living in England: “We have found the quality of life so much more enriching and fulfilling. The civility, the culture, the people and its beauty have reawakened me and have smoothed out some of my bleak and jagged views about people and life. I can honestly say I am the only person who came to England for the weather. I love the cold and the rain.” READ THE MAIL ARTICLE HERE