Costing an annual fee of £159, a TV licence can feel like a sizeable tariff to pay amongst a growing list of increasingly expensive outgoings. However, certain groups could be entitled to claim a 50 percent discount, and some can even get one for free. While the UK inflation rate took a modest drop to 10.5 percent from 10.7 percent in the year to December, costs still remain at a nearly 40-year high. Britons up and down the country have been searching for ways to keep costs low at home, and between cancelling subscriptions and adopting new budgeting tips, Britons have been exploring a few routes to reduce their bills. But, one household bill many often forget about is the TV licence, and certain conditions could qualify someone to pay a reduced fee.  READ MORE: State pension triple lock hike to smash inflation as prices fall  A few groups could be eligible for a discount on their TV licence, including those who are severely blind, those over 75 years old that receive Pension Credit, and those residing in care homes. Depending on which group a person falls into will determine how much discount they can claim.  DON'T MISS: Pensioner faces 'frightening' £70 cost despite free prescriptions [INSIGHT]Filling freezers with ‘newspaper’ could save you energy [EXPLAINED]Three in five Brits worry they won't have enough money for the year [ANALYSIS]    People who are blind (severely sight impaired), or live with someone who is blind, could be entitled to a blind concession TV licence. This would reduce the annual fee from £159 to £79.50 for a colour TV licence and £26.75 for a black and white TV licence. According to the Royal National Institute of Blind People charity, there are currently 340,000 people registered as blind in the UK, making it vital to ensure that such a large group are aware of the sizeable saving they could make. In order to claim the concession licence, people must provide at least one of the following documents to confirm they are certified as blind: READ MORE: 'I'm a personal finance expert and my 10 money tips could save £50'   Once provided, they won’t need to provide this information again when they renew their TV Licence. For those who live with someone who is blind and already has a TV licence, they’ll have to transfer the licence into the name of the person who is blind, in order to claim. However, it should be noted that those who are partially sight impaired will not qualify for the 50 percent blind concession. People can get a free TV Licence if they, as the licence holder, are 75 years or older and they, or their partner living at the same address, receive Pension Credit. Pension Credit is a benefit that tops up the state pension for people on a low income, however, it currently has the lowest take-up of all income-related benefits, according to the charity Independent Age.  So, now could be a good time for people to check if they could be eligible for this, as it can also help people claim housing benefit, heating bills, council tax, NHS dental care, and more. People are most likely to be eligible for Pension Credit if their total weekly income is roughly under £200. However, if their income is higher, they might still be eligible. People who are 75 or over and live in a residential care home may be covered by an ARC (Accommodation for Residential Care) TV Licence and also won’t have to pay for a licence - even if they don’t receive Pension Credit. TV Licensing encourages people to speak to their care home administrator to find out. 