Newcastle could be in line for a busy end to the January transfer window with three priorities still remaining for Eddie Howe before tonight's deadline. Newcastle have been the surprise package in the Premier League this season as they currently sit third in the table just 12 months after being embroiled in a relegation battle. The quick turnaround has coincided with the club's huge investment in Howe's playing squad, but the English coach has earned high praise for also getting the best out of players such as Joelinton, Miguel Almiron and others. With Champions League qualification now a real possibility, Newcastle have been scouring the market to further bolster Howe's team. Anthony Gordon became the club's first major signing of the window on Sunday after he joined in a deal worth up to £45million. But even more activity is expected on the final day of the transfer window, particularly with outgoings. Jonjo Shelvey is expected to complete a switch to Nottingham Forest having fallen down the pecking order at St James' Park. And the Telegraph report that Howe would ideally want to bring in a replacement to avoid being left light in midfield.  It's said both Ruben Loftus-Cheek and Conor Gallagher are seen as options, although Chelsea are supposedly reluctant to let either leave. Howe has also admitted that he wants to bring in another central striker after Chris Wood was allowed to leave on loan. Both Alexander Isak and Callum Wilson are back to full fitness now, but the striker duo have had their fitness issues throughout the season. Wood was brought in to start four Premier League games in the absence of both Isak and Wilson in the campaign and Howe doesn't have any other strikers to fall back on should a similar situation arise.  A number of options have been touted, but Newcastle are running out of time to bring someone in. The third priority for Newcastle is to trim some of the fringe players from their squad. Ryan Fraser, Matt Ritchie and Jamal Lewis are all reportedly up for sale with Newcastle hoping to free up some funds. Not since Ayoze Perez joined Leicester back in 2019 have Newcastle made a significant fee from a player sale. Newcastle boss Howe has admitted that the club are cautious of Financial Fair Play regulations, but they'll also want to offload players to free up wages heading into the summer transfer window.