In a now-deleted tweet, author JK Rowling parodied Nicola Sturgeon over a Scottish court’s decision to remand a trans woman convicted of rape to a women’s prison ahead of sentencing, which has been met with concern from politicians and campaigners. The author’s comment on the First Minister came amid a fierce war of words over the Scottish Parliament's Gender Recognition Reform Bill, which was blocked by the UK government in a highly controversial move. The High Court in Glasgow became the centre of controversy after its decision to send transgender rapist Isla Bryson to an all-female prison was met with fury. In a now-deleted tweet, Ms Rowling, who has frequently been critical of the movement for trans rights, was responding to an image of the First Minister speaking to a young girl, shared with the caption: “What’s your best guess as to what Sturgeon is asking this little girl?” The author suggested: “‘Do you agree that a convicted double rapist who decided he was a woman after appearing in court belongs in a women’s prison, or are you a nasty, far right bigot?’” Bryson, 31, was found guilty of raping two women in 2016 and 2019 in Clydebank and Glasgow. She will be sentenced on February 28. She first appeared in the dock in July 2019, and since then announced her decision to transition, with the High Court later hearing that she has begun the process of gender reassignment. Bryson has been remanded in Cornton Vale women's prison in Stirling but will be held separately from the jail's general population. A risk assessment will later be carried out to decide where Bryson should be held after that. The trial took place in Glasgow High Court, where Bryson said she had experienced gender dysphoria since being a young child and presented as a woman throughout.  The court heard that Bryson is now taking hormones and seeking surgery. She said in 2016 she was “struggling with my sexuality and having issues emotionally”. The court was told how the victims were treated when the rapes were committed in 2016 and 2019. One of the victims, Bryson's second, said: "I told him to stop and he did not. He kept going. That is when I closed my eyes and let him do what he wanted to do." The woman added she felt "crushed". Bryson denied the charges, but yesterday was convicted of raping two women. Susan Smith, of the group For Women Scotland, told the Daily Mail that the decision to send Bryson to Cornton Vale was “disgusting”. She said “the risk assessment should be perfectly clear” and that Bryson "should be nowhere near the sort of vulnerable women who are in prison". Conservative MP Miriam Gates added to the outlet: "It is almost impossible to believe that in a civilised society a man convicted of raping two women can be remanded in a women's prison." READ MORE: Mum claims she was raped by 'muscular' man who now identifies as trans [REVEAL] A recent report published by the Scottish Prison Service states there were 11 trans women and five trans men in Scottish prisons at the end of June 2022 - five of which were held in women’s prisons. Meanwhile, of the five trans men in Scottish jails, one was held in a men's prison and four were held in women's prisons last year. Recent analysis by right wing think-tank Policy Exchange suggested “it is not inconceivable that a man with no trans identity would make a strategic decision to change legal sex in order to move prisons” because they wanted to “get out of the harsh, and often dangerous, context of a male prison”. Bryson’s sentencing comes after the UK government blocked the Scottish Parliament's Gender Recognition Reform Bill in the first ever use of a Section 35 order since devolution of power to the Scottish parliament under the Scotland Act of 1998. DON'T MISS: Christian teacher accused of misgendering trans pupil denies claims [REVEAL]260,000 Brits claim they are trans in latest census [INSIGHT]Transgender woman set to be executed for the first time in US history [ANALYSIS] The justification for using the order was the argument that the new Bill, which was passed with 86 MSPs voting in favour and 39 against, conflicted with the Equality Act - although trans rights supporters have questioned whether this is accurate. The Bill allows those aged 16 and over to self-identify as the opposite gender without needing a diagnosis of gender dysphoria, and would allow people to apply for a gender certificate after living in their new gender for three months. Having a Gender Recognition Certificate allows trans people to update their birth certificate, get married or form a civil partnership in their affirmed gender, update their marriage or civil partnership certificate, and have their affirmed gender on their death certificate when they die. The Scottish Parliament nearly descended into chaos at the announcement of the bill as protestors yelled from the sidelines - with one even appearing to expose herself in protest. According to the latest Census data, 0.5 percent of the population of the UK said the gender they identify with was not the same as their sex registered at birth - although this figure does not include Scotland.