The Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps (IRGC) has engaged in this blood-letting openly, as an instrument of the Iranian state. Yet for years, the UK Government has hesitated to call it what it is and proscribe it as a terrorist entity. After years of procrastination and vacillation, the United Kingdom may finally be moving to designate the IRGC as a terrorist organisation. Barring unforeseen obstructionism, it will soon be the first nation to take this crucial decision since 2019, when the United States proscribed the IRGC. Many of Tehran’s critics described the American action as being long overdue and they have accordingly spent the past three years urging not only Britain but also the European Union and its member states to follow suit. Many discussions have since been held on the topic but far too many British and European policymakers have remained wary of taking this or any other major step toward confronting the regime in Iran and challenging its impunity in matters of human rights and terrorism. Reports of the UK’s pending designation come in the wake of intelligence assessments that correctly identified the Islamic Republic of Iran as one of the nation’s greatest security threats. Last year, there were at least 10 Iranian plots uncovered which would have involved assassinations or general attacks on British citizens, including some inside the UK. This is a shocking development, but one that should come as no surprise to anyone who has been paying attention since the summer of 2018, when multiple European agencies thwarted a bombing plot against a vast gathering of Iranian expatriates near Paris. Its keynote speaker, Maryam Rajavi, the President-elect of the National Council of Resistance of Iran (NCRI) has been calling for the IRGC’s proscription for years. Had it been successful, the bomb plot would have no doubt killed hundreds if not thousands of attendees, including any number of the British, European, and American parliamentarians and dignitaries, including myself, who spoke at the event in support of Iran’s democratic opposition, namely the People’s Mojahedin Organisation of Iran (PMOI/MEK). The plot was likely motivated by awareness of the MEK’s role in an expanding protest movement. Equally, this would also have led to retaliation by the USA, the UK and our allies against Iran. By the start of 2018, the Islamic Republic was already mired in one of its largest anti-government uprisings but that has since been dwarfed by the uprising that began more than three months ago and is still going strong, with now-familiar chants of “Down to the dictator” being repeated in upwards of 300 cities and towns, despite more than 750 protesters having been either shot dead or fatally beaten. Tehran’s growing vulnerability in the face of this popular uprising makes the regime exceptionally dangerous, not only to its own people but also to its regional and Western “enemies”. As in 2018, that regime can be expected to pursue dramatic displays of its supposed strength, in which the IRGC will inevitably play a key role, whether through even more aggressive crackdowns on domestic dissent or another attempt to kill Western nationals, either individually or en masse. Each of these categories of activity is equally relevant to the IRGC’s central mandate, which is to protect the clerical tyranny and to safeguard their “ Islamic revolution” against all threats, by any means and at any cost. By justifying terrorist activity, this mandate also justifies the IRGC’s designation as a terrorist entity. The United Kingdom and its allies have a responsibility to support the Iranian people’s aspirations to democracy, regardless of the obstacles they face in pursuit of this aim but that responsibility becomes all the more imperative when one considers the sheer brutality that unarmed Iranian civilians are facing – and have always faced – at the hands of the IRGC. There is much that can and must be done to help the Iranian people defeat the tyranny that has cost well over 100,000 lives throughout its 43 years in power but the simplest and most fundamental step that Western powers can take right now is proscribing the IRGC as a terrorist organisation, isolating its supporters, and draining its coffers to the greatest extent possible, so that it cannot possibly halt the momentum of the people’s uprising. Nothing has even remotely impeded that momentum thus far and so it is easy to imagine how much more could be achieved by Iran’s activist community –– if it were clear that Iran’s domestic opponents had the practical support of the free world.Bob Blackman is Conservative MP for Harrow East