It’s hard to say, but watching his interview on ITV it seemed one thing is for sure: none of it is his fault. Whoever is to blame, since his departure from the UK and particularly after much of his autobiography was leaked to the press, his reputation has been spiralling so rapidly it’s like we’re witnessing a back-to-front fairytale about a prince who kisses his true love only to turn into a frog. During the interview, the Duke of Sussex seemed to have no insight into his own behaviour. Every accusation he makes against his family could easily be turned around against him. Negative stories about him were leaked to the press by Queen Camilla and her communications staff in order to improve her public image, he said. But heaven forbid anyone should think him guilty of exactly the same thing, having just published a book packed with stories about how beastly his family has been to him, in an effort to improve his own reputation. His obsessive refrain was that the British press is to blame for almost everything wrong in his life. He blamed them for creating a “divide" and “conflict” in his family, which the Palace then didn’t correct publicly to defend him: "Silence only allows the abuser to abuse” he said, rather grandiosely. Of course, the royal PR machine had in fact done a good enough job to have kept him ranking as one of the most popular royals for years, despite the drug taking and Nazi uniform wearing. It’s only once he took over full control of his own PR strategy that his ratings really headed south. Some members of his family, he said, “have decided to get in bed with the devil to rehabilitate their image”. That devil, for him, is the British tabloid press, who of course are nothing like saintly American corporations such as Netflix or massive publishing houses like Penguin Random House. They must have only the purest of intentions in helping him air his grievances to millions of people willing to pay £14 each (down from £28 even before release date). He can’t hear the massive contradictions in his own theories. He blames the royal family for briefing the press to make him look bad, while simultaneously blaming the press for making his family think the worst of him when they do come to talk things through in private. Couldn’t it be possible that when it came to Meghan, members of his family, their staff and the press could all have come to similar conclusions independently of each other, and he’s the one who couldn’t see it? Judging from the interview, it’s just as well Harry had a ghost writer for his book: unaided, his attempts at explaining himself were mostly quite dull. Despite an irresistible urge to overshare details of his life, he constantly focuses on the most boring stories: who made who cry at the wedding rehearsal got another airing. Flailing his arms around as he spews out words like “reconciliation” and “accountability”, he sounds like an angry teenager writing in his diary at bed time, or a schoolboy sharing his angst with the youth councillor. When interviewer Tom Brady generously describes the situation as Shakespearean, Harry interjects that Brady has probably read more Shakespeare than he has. But if he hasn’t read much Shakespeare, it seems he’s read even less Freud, because most of his problems seem to stem from his resentment of his father, rivalry with his brother and idolisation of his late mother. The most surprising thing about all of this oversharing is that despite his extraordinary upbringing as part of the Royal Family, growing up in a palace with parents who attacked one another through the pages of the press, he doesn’t have much of interest to share. It was an hour of self-important opinions and angry complaints about things that don’t really sound too bad to most of us. He says he hopes what he and his family have to say to one another can be said in private and can stay that way, despite having just published a book full of private conversations they had with him. When he shares private conversations, he calls it "owning his story", but if anyone else does it, they're "briefing and leaking” bad things about him to the press. Harry’s had lots of therapy, he says, but somehow I don’t think it’s given him much insight into his own culpability. Now that Harry and Meghan spend their time in a California mansion releasing endless reality TV episodes and books about themselves, he said they are demonstrating their dedication to a life of service — not to making huge amounts of money, as some might suspect. I don’t know many people who believe that, but apparently that’s Their Truth. Though good at criticising his family, Harry is less able to accept much criticism himself. “I knew that I wasn’t a racist,” he said when asked about his own past. This despite having dressed up as a Nazi and having used racial slurs against Army colleagues. That, apparently, was just “unconscious bias.” To sum up, Harry told us that he’s happier than ever, but somehow it sounded like he was trying to convince himself more than us. It all feels a bit tragic: even Brady suggested he might like to stop raking over the past and just accept it. Some people just have to accept they don’t get on with their families. Constantly telling the world about the trauma of it all for cash isn’t a strategy for healing you’ll find in many psychology textbooks. At least now Harry has a focus — changing the media landscape in the UK is his new "life’s work.” It’s not about him, though. He’s doing it for the rest of us. I just hope he finds the time to fit it in between all the reality shows and tell-all memoirs.