BBC bosses have announced Anita Dobson, 73, as well as Michelle Greenidge, 52, will be starring in the next series of Doctor Who. The sci-fi series will be returning to BBC One in November. Anita is perhaps best known for playing Angie Watts on EastEnders and Michelle starred as Valerie in the Netflix series After Life. A BBC spokesperson confirmed on Friday: "Today we have announced that Anita Dobson and Michelle Greenidge will be starring in the next series of Doctor Who." Details about what characters the two actresses will be playing have not been revealed yet. Doctor Who will return to screens this winter, with three special episodes to celebrate the show's 60th anniversary with David Tennant as the fourteenth Time Lord. The Fifteenth Doctor, played by Ncuti Gatwa, will then take control of the Tardis. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan His first episode will be airing over the festive period in 2023 on a date yet to be confirmed. Former Doctor Who Jodie Whittaker has praised Ncuti and opened up about his debut on the show ahead of her exit last year. Speaking at a preview of The Power of the Doctor, Jodie said: “I’m certainly not giving that phenomenal actor any advice, he doesn’t need it from me!” Jodie told  Ncuti: “It’s yours to own, and you’ve earned it.”  Ncuti is best known for his performance as Eric Effiong in Sex Education, best friend to series lead Otis Milburn (played by Asa Butterfield). The star has also appeared in the romantic drama The Last Letter From Your Lover and Horrible Histories’ Rotten Romans movie. Ncuti's career has skyrocketed since his breakout role in the hit Netflix series Sex Education and his casting as the next Time Lord last May was met with welcome arms by fans. Another Doctor Who newcomer who is starring in the upcoming series is Millie Gibson. DON'T MISS...The Masked Singer viewers 'definitely' know the identity of Knitting [LATEST]Doctor Who star admits she thought Bradley Walsh was ‘a t**t’ [UPDATE]Doctor Who fans ‘lose their minds’ after surprise regeneration [MUST SEE] The former Coronation Street actress is portraying Doctor Who's companion Ruby Sunday. The 18-year-old was recently pictured in Wales filming for the sci-fi series in pictures obtained by Express.co.uk. Millie was sporting a wavy shoulder-length blonde bob and wore a colourful blue and orange patchwork coat with a sherpa collar. She was shooting scenes with co-star Jemma Redgrave who plays Kate Stewart.  Millie recently spoke to Doctor Who Magazine about landing a role in the iconic series. "I went to get a spray tan for the National Television Awards, and I was in the room waiting to dry off when I got this WhatsApp call, asking me to join the call with all my agents," she explained. "I picked up the phone and they were like, ‘Are you good at keeping secrets?’ "I said, ‘Yeah.’ They said, ‘Are you really good at keeping secrets? Because you’ve got it.'” Doctor Who episodes are available to stream on BBC iPlayer. 