Arsenal could play Chelsea at their own game and snatch one of Graham Potter's emerging transfer targets this month. The Blues are challenging for Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk, and Mikel Arteta can deal a return blow if he decides to walk away from an overpriced deal. Arsenal have been Mudryk's leading suitors in the January transfer window as they look to bolster their attacking ranks amid a Premier League title challenge. The Gunners have lodged two bids, with the second worth up to £62million, but Shakhtar have rejected both, insisting on his £88m valuation. And Arteta's concerns will have recently grown after Chelsea entered the frame for Mudryk's signature, reportedly making it clear they are ready to better any offer. Todd Boehly is determined to financially back Graham Potter's rebuild at Stamford Bridge, which could be bad news for Arsenal in the battle for the 21-year-old Ukrainian. But they can respond by gazumping Chelsea's own interest in another forward, with a bargain deal seemingly on the table. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE According to the Mail, Chelsea are accelerating talks to sign Borussia Monchengladbach striker Marcus Thuram this month. Thuram's contract expires this summer, so the Bundesliga club are understood to be willing to cash in on him for around £10m. If Arsenal accept defeat in their pursuit of Mudryk, at least until the end of the season, they could turn their focus towards beating Chelsea to Thuram. The Gunners boast a rich history involving Frenchmen, with the likes of Arsene Wenger, Patrick Viera and Thierry Henry among the club's greatest icons. DON'T MISS: Man Utd risk upsetting Casemiro and 5 more with new 'Ronaldo rule'  Therefore, the Emirates Stadium could be an enticing destination for the 25-year-old, who is keen to switch to the Premier League. Arsenal are reportedly Mudryk's preferred club, so the north Londoners could even complete a double-whammy over Chelsea, stealing Thuram before recruiting the Shakhtar star in the summer. Thuram has also been linked to Manchester United, with Erik ten Hag scouring the cut-price market for a new striker after Cristiano Ronaldo's exit in November. But with the Red Devils closing in on a deal for Burnley's Wout Weghorst, the door is potentially open for Arsenal to stun Chelsea and add another Frenchman to the club's folklore. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here