With King Charles III's Coronation only a few months away, speculation has begun over whether the King's youngest son will be in attendance. With the memoir causing more uproar between the Duke of Sussex and the Royal Family, many are led to believe that the 38-year-old won't join his family for his father's big day. OLBG, a betting company based in the UK, has revealed the likelihood that Prince Harry will attend the ceremony, particularly since Spare was released earlier this month. Paddy Power gives odds of 1/3 that they won't attend though with a 75 percent chance that they don't show up to the coronation ceremony on May 6. Nigel Skinner, a Royal Family Betting Expert at OLBG, said: "According to the latest betting odds, there's a 75 percent chance that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle do NOT attend King Charles Coronation ceremony following the release of Harry's book 'Spare' last week." Aside from the betting results that they won't attend, odds say there's a 33 percent chance that they will attend the Coronation. READ MORE: Prince Harry warned against 'jeopardising his mother's legacy' after joke mocks Diana Various reports have suggested that a meeting will be held one month prior to the coronation, in April, to try and sort out the bitter feud. Despite this, it is unknown whether the relationship can be fixed. Reports from the Evening Standard say that relations between Harry and his father are currently at an "all-time low". New reports have suggested that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be invited to the coronation but will choose not to attend themselves. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan ‘want to see Clarkson suffer’ after they reject his apology The Sun also reports about the "peace talks" that are set to take place between the Royal Family and Prince Harry. The newspaper reports: "Royal sources believe peace talks could take place in the coming months with Harry flying over from the US to meet King Charles and Prince William." The outlet added: "One source believes the relationships are 'fixable' but are 'going to take flexibility on both sides'." The date for the coronation ceremony, which is on May 6 and will see the Queen Consort getting crowned alongside her husband, is on May 6, coincidentally falls on the fourth birthday of Harry's young son Archie. DON'T MISS Prince Harry has done more damage to Royal Family than Andrew - poll (POLL)POLL – Should UK cities hold a vote on rented e-scooter ban? (POLL)'Vindictive' Harry should 'stay put' in US as UK poll deals fresh blow (REVEAL) While promoting his memoir, which was released worldwide on January 10, in an interview with ITV journalist, and his long-time friend, Tom Bradby, Harry spoke of his hopes to reconcile with his family. In the interview, which aired in the UK on January 8, Mr Bradby asked Harry if he is likely to attend the coronation. Harry responded: "There's a lot that can happen between now and then. But the door is always open. The ball is in their court." He added: "There's a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they're willing to sit down and talk about it."