Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has a midfield dilemma at Anfield, having turned down the opportunity to sign Arthur Melo on a permanent deal once his loan spell ends in July. The Brazilian joined Liverpool on a temporary basis from Juventus in the final days of the summer transfer window but has been unable to make an impact despite the Reds’ midfield woes. The Brazil playmaker needed time to get up to match fitness when he first arrived at the club but managed just 13 minutes of game time - a cameo in Liverpool’s 4-1 Champions League defeat to Napoli - before he suffered a long-term injury. Having attempted to get up to full speed, the 26-year-old suffered a thigh tear and the required surgery left him out for several months. Arthur could return towards the end of January in a potential boost for Klopp, as his midfield has been the subject of criticism so far this campaign but the club are not set to take up the £33million option in the loan deal to make his stay permanent. He may not be the only Liverpool midfielder to leave Anfield in the summer, however, as Naby Keita, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and James Milner are all out of contract at the end of the season. Klopp could be left with just Jordan Henderson, Fabinho, Thiago, Curtis Jones, Harvey Elliott and Fabio Carvalho as his midfield options, who have rarely impressed as the Reds sit sixth in the Premier League table after their 3-1 loss away to Brentford. With potentially four players set to leave, as many as three midfielders could feasibly be signed ahead of next season. Jude Bellingham has been identified as a top target, though Liverpool face competition to sign the England World Cup star from a host of top clubs across Europe, while Real Madrid players already expect the Borussia Dortmund teenager to move to Los Blancos. DON'T MISSMan Utd ‘schedule medical’ for first signing as Ten Hag lands his manTottenham may have found their next Dele Alli in 'clever' star Conte lovesRonaldo and Georgina Rodriguez to break Saudi Arabian law as lawyers speak out Bellingham alone - if Liverpool can pull a deal off for him - may not be enough as their defensive fragilities have been exposed this season and the club may feel that an able defensive midfielder could be made a priority. Sofyan Amrabat starred at the World Cup as Morocco reached the semi-finals in Qatar, while his club Fiorentina could be willing to do a deal in January for £44m, according to reports. The tough-tackling midfielder showed with his country that he can compete on the highest stage, and the 26-year-old may be a natural fit at Anfield. Liverpool may be interested in bringing a third midfielder to the club, as they have been heavily linked with a move for Wolves’ Matheus Nunes. The Telegraph have claimed that the Merseyside club have agreed a deal to bring the Portuguese star to Anfield for £44m, just a year after arriving in the Premier League.