  Strictly Come Dancing finalist Helen Skelton, 39, has admitted she needs help with setting up some complicated equipment for her son. The Countryfile star confessed she was “desperate” to get the tech working.      In the words of my seven-year-old, ‘You can get to the South Pole but you can’t set up Minecraft.’ “True son, true,” she added, before asking her Instagram followers: “Anybody know what this means?” The Countryfile star zoomed in on the computer monitor, which showed several input source options, including VGA, DVI-D and DisplayPort. “I’m desperate!” Helen pleaded to her fans in the hopes that one tech whiz might come to the rescue.     Helen was attempting to set up the game Minecraft, a popular online video game, for her eldest son Ernie. Minecraft is a sandbox game developed by Mojang Studios and created by Markus "Notch" Persson in the Java programming language to allow players to explore a virtual world. The star also shares five-year-old son Louis and one-year-old daughter Elsie with her ex husband Richie Myler, 32. She split from Richie back in April last year after eight years of marriage, and the pair now co-parent their three young children.       Their separation happened just four months after she gave birth to her daughter. Helen, who married professional rugby league footballer Richie back in 2013, confirmed the split on Instagram at the time. “Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple,” she penned. “He has left the family home. We will be doing our best to co-parent our small children.”    Despite the heartbreak Helen went through in 2022, she also found new joy when she participated in Strictly Come Dancing later in the year. The star, who was partnered up with professional dancer Gorka Márquez, went on to reach the finals of the competition. Helen avoided the bottom two and made it all the way to the final alongside Hamza Yassin, Fleur East and Molly Rainford. However, it was Hamza and his partner Jowita Przystał who went on to lift the coveted glitterball trophy.      Helen is now partaking in the Strictly Come Dancing Live Tour, which kicked off in Birmingham last Friday. Many of the competition’s most memorable stars will now be making their way across the country to perform in various venues up until February 12. Other celebrities confirmed to be taking part are Hamza, Molly, Fleur, Will Mellor, Ellie Simmonds and Tyler West. Find upcoming Strictly Come Dancing Live tour dates here.    