Condensation can be an annoyance, especially if it’s leaving not only your windows wet but your curtains, blinds, windowsills and walls. Condensation is where water vapour becomes liquid. The water in the air collects as droplets on a cold surfaces when humid air comes into contact with it which is why we end up with a film of water on the inside of our windows, morning dew on grass and foggy car windows. Condensation is completely normal, however, it can lead to other problems like mould growth. Consistently wet windows can often cause mould growth on wood work, walls and even on curtains and blinds. With this in mind, Helen O’Connor, product manager at 247 Blinds & Curtains has shared her advice for those looking to avoid mouldy curtains and blinds this winter. Helen said single-glazed or draughty windows tend to be a “problem area for mould and mildew growth” because of condensation and dust build-up. Although no window is exempt from condensation, especially during the winter months, blinds and curtains could be “at risk of damage”. READ MORE: Banish ‘terrible’ smells from washing machines using £1.25 item Luckily, Helen said there is “preventative action” which will ensure blinds and curtains remain in good condition and free of mould. One of the most important factors is allowing your home to “breathe”. Opening windows regularly and allowing air to circulate will help with condensation, humidity and mould growth. The expert said the same actions need to be taken when it comes to curtains and blinds. They need to be regularly open and/or tilting to help reduce dust and dirt build-up and to keep them in the best possible condition. DON'T MISSI cleaned my bathroom grout without bleach - results [INSIGHT]Kate and William's new home is 'such a downsize' compared to Frogmore [UPDATE]‘Best’ home remedy to remove grout stains ‘in five minutes’ [ANALYSIS] Homeowners can also reduce the likelihood of mould growth by regularly wiping your windows down. Helen said: “Try using a rubber window wiper daily to clear the moisture as it builds. “Specialised fabrics can be susceptible to mould, therefore, airflow is the key to combating mould so if you can, keep your home ventilated by opening the windows on a sunnier day. “If you do notice mould on your blinds, start by vacuuming and then taking a damp microfibre cloth to remove any dry mould. READ MORE: £1 ‘cupboard staple’ banishes mould from ‘all surfaces’ Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “You can also invest in blinds which are manufactured with waterproof materials or water-resistant coatings.” When choosing curtains, it’s important to think about which fabric would be best for your windows, especially if you’re looking to prevent mould build-up in the home. Natural fibres are the “most susceptible” to mould and mildew growth and so opting for a man-made material such as polyester is a great option. If you’re looking for a more natural look, there are plenty of modern blends of man-made fibres which have been made to mimic natural fibres. Helen also shared her advice for cleaning curtains that have been impacted by mould growth. She said: “As for cleaning curtains, always use the small brush attachment on your vacuum and gently hover over from top to bottom, making sure to repeat on the inside too, or wherever the affected area is. “This should pick up a lot of the dirt or mould but you may need to also spot-treat certain areas. “Try to stay away from any detergents as this can sometimes lead to the fabric or colour being compromised. “Instead, we would recommend having them dry cleaned, as putting them in the washing machine can put them at risk of shrinkage.”