A Telegram channel with claimed links to Vladimir Putin's security detail has reported the Russian leader is suffering from "weakness, dizziness" as a result of undergoing treatment. Putin has been the focus of widespread speculation over his health amid unconfirmed reports he is suffering from cancer or another serious illness. General SVR reported: "According to the estimates of the close circle, Russian President Vladimir Putin, in recent days, has become withdrawn, laconic, practically does not meet anyone and, in general, looks deeply concerned. The channel added: "Putin is undergoing a course of treatment with drugs which, in addition to their therapeutic effect, cause weakness, dizziness, [and] lack of appetite, which does not affect his psycho-emotional state in the best way." The suggestions then come that Putin's altered emotional state might be a result of anxiety ahead of a big policy announcement. General SVR states: "Putin announced 'big decisions', which, according to him, should fundamentally change the situation both on the domestic and foreign policy track. READ MORE: Russia pundit demands 'children' sent to front to avoid having to pay pensions to widows  "Now the president is considering the sequence and time frame for the implementation of 'big decisions'. "Putin is a rather cowardly person and any changes, even those introduced by him, causing him serious fears and anxiety. "Such behavior is typical for Putin on the eve of the adoption and start of implementation of key decisions." The Russian leader is suspected to be struggling with an undisclosed health condition, something strongly denied by the Kremlin.  Recent public appearances by Putin have only strengthened rumours over his health with experts noticing what appear to be injection marks on his hands. Back in April, a viral video showed Putin appearing to shake uncountably during a meeting with Belarus' Alexander Lukashenko, leading to concerns the Russian strongman was suffering from Parkinson's disease. The post by the General SVR channel argued that in the event of a renwed Russian offensive in Ukraine it would become impossible for Putin to "convince the elites of the possibility of a 'victorious' exit from the military adventure." General SVR notes: "In this case, there will be no more victorious offensives of the Russian troops. There will be a guaranteed defeat, with all the consequences for Putin personally. The use of nuclear weapons on the territory of Ukraine, in this case, is possible, but this will lead to a general catastrophe for both Putin and all, without exception, representatives of the elites, which nullifies the current regime in Russia and makes the chances of holding power for the president simply illusory. "General mobilization, the imposition of martial law, global personnel decisions and, in parallel, the launch of transit are all in the plans, which, if implemented, will undoubtedly result in hundreds of thousands of new victims and a disaster not only for Russia, but for the whole world. "The war exists in the head of one terminally ill man with a disturbed psyche, who is trying to take as many people as possible with him to a mythical "paradise". This should be understood by everyone who participates or is going to participate in hostilities on the side of the Putin regime and follow the order to use nuclear weapons. Or, everything can be solved in different way..."