In the next episode of the HBO and Sky series The Last of Us, the group attempts to hand Ellie (played by Bella Ramsey) over to the Fireflies. Joel (Pedro Pascal) and Tess (Anna Torv) get closer than ever to the deadly Clicker variant as they venture deeper into the dilapidated city. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what time episode two airs. The story is told across nine chapters which will continue to air weekly until the finale on March 12. Episode two picks up after the trio attempted to outrun the FEDRA patrol. They were last seen running into a biological contamination area as a storm begins to descend. They have come to realise how Ellie's immunity is of significant importance. READ MORE: Viewers are curious about Ellie's immunity in The Last of Us Episode two airs in the US on HBO at 9pm Eastern Time on January 22. For viewers watching at Pacific Time, the episode will arrive at 6pm. For those watching internationally on Sky and NOW, the new episode will air on January 23. The episodes will then continue to air at the same time each week, with the schedule as follows. Episode three - January 29, 2023 Episode four - February 5, 2023 Episode five - February 12, 2023 Episode six - February 19, 2023 Episode seven - February 26, 2023 Episode eight - March 5, 2023 Episode nine - March 12, 2023 Episode two is expected to be more condensed than the premiere, with a run-time of 55 minutes long. A new trailer for the next episode shows Ellie taking her first steps outside of Boston. She has plenty of questions for Joel about killing those infected and whether he ever considers their past lives. As the story continues, the trio comes face to face with Clickers as the danger escalates. DON'T MISS... The Last Of Us' Ellie star admits she thought she was 'terrible' [INSIGHT] Thandiwe Newton’s daughter on The Last of Us pressure [INTERVIEW] The Last of Us episode schedule on HBO and Sky Atlantic [EXPLAINER] Viewers can also expect to see some possible allies join the group, including siblings. Henry (Lamar Johnson) and Sam (Keivonn Woodard) are two new survivors the trio meet during their journey. Bill (Nick Offerman) and Frank (Murray Bartlett), who are both smugglers, are also seen in the trailer. Fans will learn more about Ellie's connection to Marlene (Merle Dandridge) as the orphan's backstory is explored. Viewers are yet to find out more about the chain of events leading up to her infection. The premiere became HBO's second-largest debut behind House of the Dragon since 2010. A total of 4.7million viewers tuned in across the linear channel and HBO Max. The series takes place 20 years after civilisation was destroyed as an infectious disease spread. Joel is tasked with taking Ellie out of an oppressive quarantine zone.  The Last of Us returns to HBO, Sky Atlantic and NOW on January 22 and 23 respectively.