Mikel Arteta 'will be dancing round his living room' according to Jamie Redknapp after watching Casemiro pick up a booking for Manchester United in the 1-1 draw with Crystal Palace. Arsenal will face the Red Devils at the Emirates this weekend but the Brazilian will be suspended after picking up five yellows over the course of the season. The first half went well for United with Bruno Fernandes giving his side the lead after 44 minutes. The Red Devils were unable to add to their advantage but looked to be in control of the game until Casemiro's yellow card with 10 minutes to go. Michael Olise levelled the scoring in injury time with a fantastic free-kick as Erik ten Hag's men were unable to grasp the opportunity to go second in the Premier League. Casemiro's booking means he will be suspended for Sunday's huge match at the Emirates. There are few players in the United squad capable of replicating the Brazilian's skill set in what will come as a big boost for Arteta and his Arsenal team. Now Redknapp has claimed the Spaniard will be 'dancing around his living room' as a result of the news as he looks to maintain his side's lead at the top of the table.   "We spoke before the game about Casemiro and the importance of not getting a yellow card because they need him on Sunday," Redknapp said on Sky Sports. "He gets booked in the 80th minute and it’s as if from that moment, it took the steam out of Manchester United. It affected them so much and it’s as if they knew that their talisman in that midfield role is gone, it’s a bit of a moment of madness. He is furious with his team-mate Bruno Fernandes for getting out of the way of the challenge. "I bet when Mikel Arteta saw that, he was dancing around his living room because it is so important. They have no-one that can do that in their team." Scott McTominay and Fred are both in contention to replace the former Real Madrid star on Sunday but Ten Hag may decide to select both to give his eleven extra stability in the centre of the park. DON'T MISSArsenal allowing player to leave hints at first January signing for ArtetaMan Utd boss Ten Hag confirms fresh injury blow and Weghorst debut planMudryk could sting Arsenal twice as Edu set to pay price for transfer failure  Speaking after the match Ten Hag refused to blame the midfielder for his yellow card suggesting it may just have been a natural reaction. "I think it was instinctive," the Dutchman told Sky Sports. "He went for the ball. I think he missed the ball but it's quite clear it was also a situation on our right side that could have been a dangerous situation. So you want to stop it and that was his reaction." He later added: "Last time we beat Arsenal, we did it without Casimiro so this time we'll have to do the same." Arsenal vs Manchester United will kick-off at 4.30pm on Sunday at the Emirates with the game broadcast live on Sky Sports. 