The television personality made the revelation during her show The Talk as she reflected on Michelle Obama's recent comments in which she admitted she once "hated" her husband, former president Barack Obama. Sharon, 70, said while she could never "hate" former Black Sabbath star Ozzy, he "p***es me off!" Michelle recently said in an interview that she resented her husband for a while during their marriage. She explained she "couldn't stand" him when their children were young. As Sharon and other panellists on her TalkTV programme discussed this, she commented: "I don't like the word hate." The former X Factor judge added: "It really offends me. READ MORE: Camilla Tominey shuts down This Morning host in probe over Harry "I've never hated my husband. He p***es me off, definitely! "I want to give him a good dig sometimes! But no, I've never..." "Really, so you don't agree with Michelle's comments at all, then?" Ian Collins clarified. "Well, that's her relationship with her husband, every relationship is different," Sharon explained. Her colleague continued: "I think what she's aiming at is to say that he was on the rise, he was on the way to becoming president. "And she felt she was not getting a look in. "She resented that the dynamic of the marriage was in favour of him and not her." "I thought she meant that the kids were driving her mad," Sharon added. DON'T MISS... Susanna Reid clashes with XR activist for swerving 'responsibility' [LATEST]Richard Madeley 'impossible to listen to' as GMB viewers 'switch off' [REACTION]Carol Kirkwood admits 'got me going' as she reflects start to career [VIDEO] "That as well," Ian remarked, continuing: "Well because the mum has to put up with all that probably more." "Well no, I don't think today," Sharon disagreed. "I think the tables are turning. "I know so many guys who are the stay-at-home guys and the wife goes out to work and so I think it's all changing." Going back to Michelle's comments, JJ Anisiobi added: "She [Michelle] goes on to say that it's things like Barrack Obama going away to do a book tour for two weeks and he's saying, 'I'm away working.' "When he's out having dinners and schmoozing and she's stuck at home with the kids." Sharon's remarks come just weeks after she was hospitalised while Ozzy also continues to battle with health conditions. She received treatment in December following a "medical emergency" as she was filming Night of Terror with her son Jack, 37. A few days later, Sharon confirmed she had returned home and told fans she was "doing great". Meanwhile, Ozzy went public with his Parkinson's diagnosis in 2020, and the couple has talked publicly about his health troubles. The Talk airs weekdays from 9pm on TalkTV.