Six characters took to the stage to perform for judges Rita Ora, Jonathan Ross, Davina McCall, and Mo Gilligan. Piece of Cake was the latest star to be unmasked as Lulu however, The Masked Singer fans are confined they know who is posing as Pigeon. Pigeon gave ITV viewers plenty of clues regarding their identity before singing No Scrubs. They were introduced with: “It must be dove – it’s Pigeon!” The character went on to tease: “Even though I might have ruffled a few feathers in my time, personally I’m unflappable. “That’s why I’m able to ask the tough questions.” READ MORE: Tom Chambers pays tribute to Father Brown star Mark Williams They continued: “The competition will be pecking up the pieces.” For their costume, Pigeon featured light pink feathers with a few silver ones peeking through. They were dressed as a grandmother, wearing a red pleated skirt, pink cardigan and checked slippers. Pigeon had a gold beak and wore matching gold glasses, which rested on his nose. Following the clues, The Masked Singer viewers were certain the answer to who was Pigeon was revealed in their outfit. As Pigeon was dressed as a grandmother, many believed it was Catherine Tate due to her character of Nan. Taking to Twitter to share their theories, @theproperKP said: "That last line sounded like Catherine Tate, she plays "Nan" as well.." Liam Hamer agreed: "THAT IS CATHERINE TATE !!! I BET MY LIVER ON IT." DON'T MISS...The Masked Singer's Fawn’s identity ‘exposed’ as Countdown star [THEORY]The Masked Singer fans ‘work out’ Jacket Potato's identity [SPOILER]Davina McCall addresses weight loss after sparking concern [LATEST] "Catherine Tate is pigeon for sure." Charlotte Tutton echoed: "ITS CATHERINE TATE #Pigeon #MaskedSingerUK,” Hannah posted. While Shawn Holder added: “Gotta be Catherine Tate with those carrots in the bag #MaskedSingerUK." Thankfully for Pigeon, they made it through to the next round of the competition along with Jacket Potato. The hot food item was the first to perform on Saturday night and fans think underneath the mask is Shane Richie. They shared they are “smooth, creamy and occasionally baked” before stating their job is “like a marathon”. Fans rushed to Twitter to share their believe it was EastEnders’ Alfie Moon star, with Lisa Lisey theorising: “Sounds like Shane Ritchie #MaskedSingerUK.” “Oh wait hang on that sounds like Shane Ritchie #MaskedSingerUK,” Kellie Lou guessed. Anne Witty Comb posted: “#maskedsinger Shane Richie is jacket potato! ID KNOW THAT VOICE ANYWHERE!!!.” The Masked Singer UK airs Saturday on ITV at 7pm.