Mrs Hinch is a cleaning influencer with over four million followers on Instagram. She rose to fame thanks to her sharing of cleaning tips and tricks, and now her fans have started to do the same. Mrs Hinch fans have created Facebook pages in her honour – spaces where they can share handy cleaning hacks with one another. On one such page, with over 100,000 members, one cleaning enthusiast wanted to know how to keep shirts sparkling white. Emma Mary-Louis wrote: “White school shirts are having my life! How do I get them back white? They always look grey after they've been in wash or dryer I'm literally forever replacing them.” The post was inundated with comments in minutes as other Mrs Hinch fans had a plethora of tips and tricks to offer. READ MORE: Where to put washing powder and laundry detergent in your machine Lorraine Costa commented: “I use Napisan in the white wash.” Joanne Grainger agreed. “Soak in Napisan,” she wrote. Cath Curtis said: “Wash only whites in the same wash and use Ariel powder on 60 degree wash, if fabric allows, otherwise 40 degrees.” Lousie Kelly wrote: “I wash white loads alone or with cream colours but nothing else, use biological liquid and a scoop of Vanish for whites in the drawer on a 30 degree wash.” DON'T MISS:‘Only’ solution to ‘fully’ remove condensation and damp from your home [COMMENT]‘Crucial’ dehumidifier mistakes to avoid - ‘will cost you more money’ [EXPERT]John Torode’s quiet life with wife Lisa Faulkner in North London [INSIGHT] Napisan was a popular choice, as Mandy Elverson also said: “My grandson has had his one to two years, I soak them in Napisan now and again and only wash with other whites.” Francesca Simpson commented: “Elbow grease spray. My daughter got a stain on her shirt so I sprayed the stain with it and popped it in the wash. Stain gone. “She then put it on for school and I thought she had got toothpaste on her shirt. On closer inspection the area I sprayed was pure white. Needless to say all school shirts are now soaked before the wash and they are bright again.” Michelle Pritchard said: “Every half term all ours go in a 24-hour soak of plenty of ace for whites with boiling water, pop on a 60 [degree wash] with two washing tabs and a scoop of vanish. Good as new.” READ MORE: Six ‘exceptional’ houseplants for removing mould and condensation Julie England-Merritt wrote: “I put a scoop of vanish for whites with every load. My daughter had her last lot for two years, only changed them as they were a bit tight.” Jo Dashper said: “Glow white ultra is the best. Only put in the wash of whites only. No whites with a coloured stripe etc.” Cheryl Malham commented: “Two dishwasher tablets, one in drawer, one in machine. Put on a boil wash.” Angela Walford said: “I wash whites separately and use a biological liquid. I've always used liquid as my old machine didn't like powder. I do think if your machine can cope with biology white powder it is good for whites.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Kay La Pierre wrote: “Only ever wash with just whites. Use a scoop or whitener or Dr Beckmann’s.” Mhairi Garrow said: “Soda crystals in the wash too works brilliantly with whites.” Annie Sterry commented: “Ace bleach for whites is amazing. Soak them in that for a bit or just put some in your wash. Only £1 from Home Bargains.” Anne Marie Lindsay warned against using the tumble dryer after washing. She said: “Is it maybe because you put in the tumble dryer? The heat maybe yellows them.”