Shemar Moore is currently starring in the sixth season of CBS’s action-packed drama SWAT, a popular remake of the original 1975 series. While Hondo’s skilled LAPD team continues to battle some of the toughest criminals in the city, the actor recently reached a major milestone in his personal life and took to Instagram to share. Fans were ecstatic when the popular TV star confirmed his girlfriend Jesiree Dizon had given birth to a healthy baby daughter. The TV star took to his Instagram page on Wednesday with a touching photo of himself holding his daughter, Frankie. “FRANKIE MOORE!!!! BABY GIRL in da building!!!” he exclaimed in the caption. “Born January 24… at 3:38pm…. 7.1 Pounds… 20 inches…. 10 fingers n 10 toes…” READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes brands Andrew’s silence over Eugenie baby news 'cruel' “Already THE LOVE OF MY LIFE!! I’m a Girl Daddy!!!! HOLY S**T!!! DREAMS COME TRUE!!” (sic) Earlier this month, Moore initially revealed his daughter’s due date was in February. Frankie arrived a few days earlier, however, and he continued by saying how proud his mother Marilyn would have been to see the birth of his first child. “Grandma Marilyn is in heaven puff puff passing, drinking her wine, and doing her happy dance…” he continued. “I LOVE and MISS YOU everyday Mom. Frankie is gonna grow up to be a KILLA!!! “Watch out World, here comes ‘Frankie Muthaf****n Moore’!!!!” (sic) His four million followers were just as ecstatic as the SWAT star, with many taking to the comments to celebrate his exciting news. Instagram user @maevavd2015 replied: “Cuteness overload right there. Welcome to the world Frankie.” DON'T MISS:The Crown cast stoic as they film devastating season 6 scenes [LATEST]Extraordinary has ‘funniest scripts since Derry Girls’ claims star [EXCLUSIVE]The Bachelor shares reason for ‘surreal’ rose decision [INTERVIEW] “Congratulations on your daughter, I wish you the most important thing in this world, health and health again,” @rohrbacherulrike said. @stuntlei wrote: “Oooooh look at aunties baby!!! Gimme those cheeks!!!” Moore’s SWAT co-star Kenny Johnson commented: “Yup yup. Beyond words. Otherworldly miracle. Here’s Frankie !!” “She's beautiful,” @withoutatrace75 added. “Get ready to be wrapped around her little finger, Dad!” And @nancylicious88 said: “Welcome Frankie. And congratulations to you.” “I think you're a great dad. Enjoy this time. They grow up so fast.” Moore had previously confirmed the news himself when People magazine reported the birth of his daughter, and he was more than happy to comment on his social media page. “Ya boy is officially a Dad!!!” he said on Wednesday morning. “Dreams come true!! The rest of my life is here!” While Moore will undoubtedly be taking time to look after Frankie with girlfriend Dizon, there has been no word on Sergeant Hondo leaving his SWAT team any time soon. SWAT season 6 continues Fridays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.