A 29-year-old woman was arrested after posing as a teenager and going to school for four days. Hyejeong Shin has been charged with forging a government document after it is said she showed school officials a falsified birth certificate in order to be able to attend classes.    What happened was revealed at a meeting of the board of New Brunswick High School in New Jersey, USA.   Speaking at the meeting, New Brunswick superintendent Aubrey Johnson said: “By filing false documents, an adult female posing as a student was able to be enrolled in our high school.   “She was in a few classes, and then most of the time in our guidance suite as we were trying to get more information from her.”   Dr Johnson said police were immediately notified when staff members discovered that Shin was 14 years older than she said she was.     He added: “She was in our high school, and we have also made sure that we told our students to refrain from contacting her – either remotely or in person.”   And he said the school was speaking directly to the students that Shin had interacted with.   New Brunswick Today reported that school staff became suspicious after they could not identify her parent or a legal guardian.   But Shin did manage to interact with some of the pupils before the school staff worked out what was going on, Metro reports.   READ MORE: King 'won't host peace summit' with Harry and Meghan before Coronation  And one student told CBS Philadelphia: “Some of the girls I know, the girl did ask them to hang out at Commercial Avenue, but they never showed up, and she started acting weird with them.”   A photo of Shin was circulated to all students, and they were warned not to engage with her further.   According to a letter sent to students, she has been banned from all school district property.   The superintendent also said that the district was looking for ways to reform the documentation process to catch forged paperwork.   DON'T MISSBotched delivery of £2k sofa leaves furniture lodged in stairs  [PICTURED]Dramatic footage shows moment hero disarms gunman who killed 11 people [REPORT]Liz Truss gearing up to break months of silence ahead of Hunt's Budget [REVEALED]   The New Brunswick Police Department said it charged Hyejeong Shin, of New Brunswick, on Tuesday with one count of providing a false government document with the intent to verify one's identity or age.   In a statement the police said: "Specifically, Ms. Shin provided a false birth certificate to the New Brunswick Board of Education with the intent to enroll as a juvenile high-school student.”   Pupils in New Jersey are able to attend school on a provisional basis and have 30 days to confirm their identity before they are declared ineligible to attend classes. 