Chelsea still have four targets and may sign multiple players before the January transfer window draws to a close, according to reports. The Blues have been one of the Premier League's busiest clubs in the mid-season market to date, bringing in a total of four new faces since the beginning of the window after splashing over £200million over the summer. Joao Felix was confirmed as Chelsea's latest arrival on Wednesday, with the Portuguese forward joining Benoit Badiashile, Andrey Santos and David Datro Fofana in moving to Stamford Bridge since the start of January. It seems as though Chelsea's business is not yet done, though, with The Telegraph claiming that Graham Potter still has a four-player shortlist that he wants to pursue over the coming weeks.Enzo Fernandez is said to remain a target for Chelsea in spite of Benfica's reluctance to sell the Argentine playmaker in the middle of the season. His head was turned earlier this month when news of the Blues' interest became public knowledge, although his current employers have made it clear that he will not be allowed to leave unless his release clause of around £120million is triggered by Chelsea.The west Londoners initially looked to have pulled out of the race to land Fernandez as a result of his nine-figure asking price but have not ruled out a return to the table as of yet, which could see them reignite their pursuit of the 21-year-old before the end of the January window. Chelsea have also reportedly identified Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo as another target, with Potter a huge admirer of the Ecuador international from his time in charge of the Seagulls. JUST IN: Arsenal fans slam FA and worry about Tottenham after Zinchenko warning Brighton are under no immediate pressure to sell Caicedo, though, and would likely demand a similarly high transfer fee in exchange for his services if the Blues decide to push forward with a mid-season approach in the near future. Fernandez and Caicedo are said to have been joined on Chelsea's shortlist by Borussia Monchengladbach forward Marcus Thuram and PSV Eindhoven winger Noni Madueke, who spent time in Tottenham's youth academy before joining the Dutch heavyweights back in 2018.Chelsea have also been widely credited with an interest in signing Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykahylo Mudryk, who has emerged as one of the most exciting young players in Europe over the last few months. However, the 21-year-old is believed to prefer the idea of joining Arsenal and is not said to be on Chelsea's shortlist of targets to chase before the January window slams shut. However, it remains to be seen which direction Chelsea will go in between now and the end of the January window, with the club having already spent over £65m on player recruitment since the turn of the year. Potter insisted after the loan signing of Joao Felix that further deals could happen over the next few weeks, although he refused to be drawn into commenting on any specific targets that may be under consideration behind closed doors at Stamford Bridge."There’s time [for more signings]," said the Chelsea boss. "Whether we’ll find the right players or not is another thing. You have to look in this window to make the right decisions, but it’s complicated. We’re happy with what we’ve done so far." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.