An 18-year-old arrested for allegedly raping US university student Madison Brooks has now been accused of attacking a 12-year-old, police say. Kaivon Washington has been arrested for first-degree rape in a separate case one day after making bail in relation to the student's case. Ms Brooks was killed on January 15 when she was hit by a car after allegedly being sexually assaulted by Washington, 18, and a 17-year-old male in the US city of Baton Rouge, Louisiana.   One day after he was released on bail, Washington was arrested for allegedly raping a 12-year-old after she left a birthday party to go swimming at an apartment complex in Livingston Parish in May or June 2020, according to police documents. Washington was 15 years old at the time of the alleged rape. The girl told police Washington ripped her towel off and raped her for approximately 30 minutes in an apartment, the documents allege. The 12-year-old was then taken to the hospital. READ MORE: Bar's alcohol license suspended after girl, 19, is then raped, dumped and run over by car Washington has denied the allegations. The case was re-examined after a witness came forward on Friday and told investigators she saw Washington go into a room with the victim. DON'T MISSRon DeSantis to run for President as he builds up team [INSIGHT]Tyre Nichols' mother speaks out after police killing [LATEST]Student, 23, killed after being hit by police car [REPORT] “She witnessed the accused enter the victim’s bedroom, but denied hearing any voices or sounds that would have led her to think someone was having sex,” the arrest document states. “She further stated that she did not hear anyone hollering.”  After the girl and her mother went to Walker police in 2021, no charges were filed — but the case was revisited after Washington was arrested in the Ms Brooks case, and Livingston Parish authorities spoke to a female juvenile witness, newspaper The Advocate reported. READ MORE: Uni president accused of 'victim blaming' after death of student Madison Brooks, 19 Ron Haley, Washington’s lawyer, has drawn attention to the timing of the witness' testimony following his client's arrest. “Mr Washington and his mother cooperated with the investigation two years ago, and law enforcement took no action,” Mr Haley said. “Upon the review of the new statement from a witness that came forward yesterday, we are concerned not only of the timing of this statement, but whether it meets the threshold of probable cause.” Washington and a 17-year-old, who has not been named due to his age, were charged in connection with the alleged rape of Brooks earlier this month. Intoxicated Brooks was allegedly raped after the suspects picked her up at a local bar before abandoning her on a dark roadway where she was hit by a car. Express.co.uk has reached out to Ron Haley's office for further comment.