Aries Fun social events and little twists and turns will make this an ideal time to appease your restless spirit. Help given to a charitable concern will satisfy your intention to do something for those who are less fortunate. Jealousy may rear its head in a group venture. Taurus Pushing yourself past your limits will not benefit anyone, least of all yourself. Others won’t realise how much effort it is taking for you to keep on top of everything if you don’t tell them. Look after number one. Admit it when you’re struggling and ask for help. Gemini Your determined and enthusiastic spirit will keep you charging forward towards a special goal. An older colleague or relative will offer a few words of advice but when it comes to personal projects, you should do what comes naturally to you.  Cancer New routines that were supposed to make life easier aren’t working. No one seems to know the right way to go about things. You’re growing tired of all the confusion and you will suggest making a few additional changes to get everything moving once again. Leo A friend’s affairs are in disarray. This does not mean you have to jump in and help out. You can offer some advice but to take on other people’s responsibilities as well as your own, you would be taking on far too much. Stick to your own devices if you want to make some headway. Virgo You will be pleased with the results of some recent hard work. It isn’t over yet. You still have a lot to do but you can praise yourself for having got this far. You’re starting to feel torn between work responsibilities and commitments to your family.    Libra You find yourself standing at a romantic crossroads. Should you stay or should you go? Should you accept the offer of a date when you weren’t particularly looking to start a new relationship? Help in making up your mind will come from an old friend. They will help you see things more clearly. Scorpio Whether they relate to work, money or family, don’t keep your worries to yourself. Accepting help from a friend or borrowing some cash from someone in the family might help you through a difficult situation. Don’t feel guilty if you pull out of social arrangements because you don’t feel up to it. Sagittarius Approach an old project from a new angle and you will be delighted with the results. The more versatile you are in your thinking, the more fun you will get out of the day. If things don’t go as expected, just relax and be yourself.    Capricorn You could be surprised by how easy you find it to talk others around to seeing your point of view. Subjects you wouldn’t normally discuss can now be brought up in conversation and not only are others listening to you but you will get a few good ideas from paying attention to their feedback. Aquarius You’re always looking for new interests and new things to get your teeth into. You could uncover some interesting ideas from an inspiring book or video. Midday will be the best time for making important decisions. There will be so much going on later that you will be easily distracted. Pisces You’re concentrating all your mental and physical energy into an active pastime or creative hobby. This helps take your mind off worries when for now, you have no control over the situation. A friend is trying to talk you into agreeing to plans you aren’t happy about. 