  The ITV2 hit show has recently come back on our screens, but things in the South African villa have not been as glamorous as they appear on television. It has been revealed that two weeks into the new season the cast and crew have come down with a “nasty” illness.      Show insiders have recently told the Sun that the Love Island villa has recently been hit with a stomach bug. It is currently unknown how the sickness came onto the set, but the sickness is causing diarrhoea among both the contestants and the production crew. A source said: "Love Island might look very sexy on the television but behind the scenes there has been a bug going around. “As well as rushing to the Beach Hut for a chat, the islanders have also been dashing off to use the loo.”    The source also reported that the illness has been “pretty rough” on some of the Love Island contestants. They said: “It has torn its way through the set and the aftermath has been less than appealing. “Despite this, the cast have still been going all out to impress their partners. “The bug has certainly given all the islanders a dose of reality.” READ MORE: GB News hotly debate if Harry and Meghan should attend coronation Despite the circumstances, drama has been brewing at the villa as semi-footballer Tom Clare has been getting close with multiple contestants. Samie Elishi, a senior estate agent coordinator from London, and Tom have both confessed their feelings to each other. She told him: "Initial attraction, I'm probably most attracted to you looks-wise but I also like that you're quite cheeky." Tom admitted: “I can’t lie, I do fancy you”. DON'T MISS:Charles wants Harry to attend coronation to bring 'peace', says source [REVEAL]Kate Middleton paints the town red in scarlet suit at glamorous event [INSIGHT]Missing Nicola Bulley was on phone to work when she disappeared [REPORT] However, last night's episode revealed that Tom had shared a kiss with Ellie Spence, even though he is also rekindled his romance with Olivia Hawkins. Tom told Olvia, a 27-year-old actress, that there may be “something deeper” in their relationship. Olivia said: “I feel like I’d regret it if I didn’t give it another chance, but I’m hesitant to… And for me to even consider it again I’d have to see a lot of effort.” Moments after, Tom shared a kiss with Ellie, who told him to keep quiet about their romance. Fans immediately took to social media after the episode aired, and were shocked at Olivia seemingly getting back together with the footballer. One passionate fan wrote: "Olivia is really fooling herself thinking Tom wants to win her back."