As interest rates continue to fluctuate in line with the Bank of England Base Rate rises, many Individual Savings Account (ISA) savers have been reassessing the markets to find out if they’re investing in the best deal. However, those opting for a swap must be aware of the process to avoid losing their tax-free allowance, experts warn. An ISA (Individual Savings Account) transfer is the process of moving money or investments from one ISA account to another. Commenting on the investment option, Lucinda O’Brien, personal finance expert at money.co.uk said: “ISA transfers are a useful tool that can help you take advantage of changing market conditions and new investment opportunities as they arise. “The benefit of ISA transfers is that they allow you to easily and securely move your money between different ISAs. This can help you to keep your savings flexible and accessible, so you can use them for whatever life throws your way.” In addition to investing and growing wealth, Ms O’Brien explained how ISAs can also be used for more short-term savings goals, such as saving for a down payment on a house or building an emergency fund. READ MORE: 'Crucial' amount to have in your savings  However, experts have warned why those carrying out an ISA transfer should be careful to do this properly. Simon Jones, CEO of InvestingReviews, said: “Don’t make the mistake of withdrawing your funds from the account and starting up a new ISA account elsewhere, as this will use up some of your annual allowance.” ISAs allow savers to invest up to a certain annual limit without paying tax on the interest or returns they earn. The ISA tax-free allowance is the maximum amount of money that can be contributed to an ISA in a given tax year without incurring any tax liability. For the 2022/2023 tax year, the ISA allowance is £20,000. DON'T MISS: Younger millennials are savviest age group when it comes to money [ANALYSIS]Bad habits to avoid if you don't want to pay £285 more on energy bills [EXPLAINED]Britons need ‘at least £33,600’ for ‘comfortable’ retirement [INSIGHT]    So, how exactly can people transfer the balance of their ISA without losing the benefit? Brian Byrnes, head of personal finance at Moneybox, told Express.co.uk: “ISA transfers are thankfully quite straightforward these days. Once you have chosen your new provider you simply go to them and initiate the transfer with them.” Mr Byrnes continued: “This is mostly done online now but some more traditional providers may have paper forms for you to fill in. Once you have requested the transfer with the new provider, there is not much else for you to do. READ MORE: 10 side hustles you can start and earn an extra £583 in January  “Your new provider will do the transfer work and should update you with time frames and any issues along the way. You do not generally have to tell your existing provider that you are leaving.” By carrying out the balance transfer this way, people can still retain their tax-free allowance, Mr Byrnes explained. He said: “This is why it is important to request a formal ISA transfer with your new provider, rather than withdrawing the funds to your bank account and manually transferring them. This would cause you to lose the tax-free nature of the funds. “ISA transfers do not count as new contributions so you would still have your full ISA allowance available to you, despite having transferred an existing ISA to a new provider.”  However, Mr Jones noted that it’s important for people to check the terms of their original and new providers to be prepared for possible charges. He said: “Before starting the process, check that the provider you’re heading to will accept new transfers. Also, see whether your existing provider charges any exit fees, as you’ll want to make sure that any benefits aren’t outweighed by unexpected charges.” According to Ms O’Brien, the ISA transfer process can take several weeks to complete. She said: “It should not take longer than 15 working days for transfers between cash ISAs and 30 calendar days for other types of transfer. The exact time it takes will depend on the ISA providers involved and how they choose to transfer the funds.” 