Manchester United have missed out on the opportunity to snap up free agent Isco, with the former Real Madrid star reportedly heading to Bundesliga high-flyers Union Berlin. Erik ten Hag's men are not ruling out making an emergency signing on deadline day after Christian Eriksen suffered a serious-looking injury in the FA Cup victory over Reading. Isco would have represented a bargain signing for United, who are only happy to bring someone in either on loan or for a small fee. The 30-year-old has been linked with United and a number of the Premier League's big clubs in the past but he won't be coming to England with Union Berlin close to completing a deal for him. The midfielder, who is available on a free after having his contract at Sevilla ripped up following his disastrous stint at the club, is on the verge of signing for Union Berlin according to Spanish publication El Partidazo de COPE. The deal is on an initial six months with the option to extend it by a further a year. Isco will give Union Berlin a huge boost in their quest to mount an unlikely title challenge. The Bundesliga side are currently sat second, just one point behind perennial winners Bayern Munich. They continued their fine form at the weekend, claiming a 2-0 win over city rivals Hertha Berlin, which defender Christopher Trimmel had dedicated to Isco ahead of his imminent move. JUST IN: Arsenal 'working on' deadline day transfer for Chelsea star Jorginho after Caicedo bids  The Spain international is expected to travel to Germany for his medical on deadline day ahead of sealing his move to the club. Isco is a similar player to Eriksen, preferring to play in a more advanced and creative role but United have clearly passed up the chance to sign him having shown no interest in him this month. United's position on Isco has never changed despite Eriksen facing an extended spell on the sidelines. The Danish playmaker was worringly seen leaving Old Trafford on crutches following their 3-1 FA Cup win over Reading on the weekend and is now set for a scan to determine to severity of his injury. Speaking after the match, boss Erik ten Hag said: "We have to see what the diagnosis is. But it's an ankle. It's always difficult to say in this moment so short after the game has finished. It costs us a minimum of 24 hours before we know that [the extent of the injury] and then I can say more." DON'T MISS Al-Nassr confirm major Cristiano Ronaldo U-turn despite star's £170m-a-year contract Jude Bellingham verbal deal, Neuhaus plan - how Liverpool can save January transfer window Tottenham handed huge favour in Pedro Porro chase by ex-Arsenal star as 'transfer done'  Eriksen has established himself as a key cog in United's midfield this season, scoring twice and registering a further nine assists in all competitions. It's been reported that United are unlikely to sign a replacement for him on deadline day but that possibility has not been entirely ruled out. Meanwhile, United aren't expected to see too many departures either after the club told Inter Milan that they would not entertain loan offers for Victor Lindelof and Harry Maguire. United are already thinking ahead to the summer to continue their rebuild under Ten Hag and are said to have identified a number of players they'd like to move on to raise funds for new arrivals then with a striker believed to be high on the agenda. 