KSI is already considering his next fight just hours before he squares off against FaZe Temperrr tonight. The British YouTube star named Tommy Fury, Joe Fournier and Silm as possible next opponents as he continues his career in crossover boxing. Speaking to the DAZN broadcast ahead of Misfits Boxing 4, KSI said: "If Slim wins his fight it could be him, people are saying Anthony Taylor but he's not getting past Idris [Virgo]. Idris is destroying him. You've got Tommy Fury, I don't know where his heads at but you never know, you've got Joe Fournier he's another one. I probably missed somebody, there's a huge list of people.” But despite his confidence, KSI is not overlooking Temperrr. “I know he’s going to be tough. I know he’s going to try and catch me with his long jab. I know he’s going to try and hit me with his cross as well," he added. "I know he’s going to try and keep me on the outside. I know his gameplan, he wants me to stay away from the inside but I’m just going to be his nightmare.”  KSI was originally set to face Bellator veteran Dillon Danis tonight. However, the MMA fighter pulled out of the contest just days before the encounter. FaZe Temperrr - who was already on the card - then stepped in after prospective replacement Fournier was ruled out. When asked who he thought was a better opponent out of Temperrr and Danis, KSI responded: “Yes. Why is that even a deliberation? What? Dillon Danis? He’s not a real fighter, he is below dirt, he can’t even get in the ring.” MORE BOXING NEWS... OnlyFans star Brooke makes quick work of Ordway in bloody bout Joshua 'ducking Wilder' but Brit backed to face left-field new foe Joshua 'to face' Franklin next as previous frontrunner ruled out KSI has long entertained a fight with Fury. Before his last outing where he boxed two men on the same night (Swarmz and Luis Pineda) boxer-turned-pundit Spencer Oliver - who promoted KSI's first fight against Logan Paul - revealed that the Brit was hoping to make the Tommy Fury fight next. Speaking to iFL TV, he said: “It’s not just the Jake [Paul] fight that will happen, I don’t think that that will happen before a fight with KSI and Tommy Fury that was a fight that KSI was talking about. I’m giving you some exclusives here bro. KSI said to me that that is the fight he wants after this fight on Saturday night. He said, ‘Tommy Fury’s a fight that I fancy’ so there you go.” For now, Fury is currently in negotiations to box Jake Paul but with discussions stalling, the KSI fight could present itself as a viable option. 