Chelsea have already been active in the January transfer window, agreeing a deal for Christopher Nkunku to move to Stamford Bridge in the summer while also bringing Genk striker David Datro Fofana to the club. Graham Potter’s side have also reportedly agreed a £33.6million fee for Monaco defender Benoit Badiashile. Co-owner and acting sporting director Todd Boehly has shown that he is not afraid to splash the cash, but with potential Financial Fair Play constraints ahead, Express Sport has looked at five bargain options that the Blues could sign in January. Chelsea have struggled to get any joy from their strikers in recent years, as big-money signings Timo Werner and Romelu Lukaku both departed from Stamford Bridge in the summer. However, 18-year-old Youssoufa Moukoko has six goals and recorded three assists in eight Bundesliga starts for Borussia Dortmund this season, earning a call-up to the Germany World Cup squad. The club’s latest starlet is out of contract in the summer, however, having failed to agree terms on a new deal in the Bundesliga, which has prompted interest from several Premier League clubs including Chelsea. In another boost for the Blues, the striker likes the project at Stamford Bridge according to CBS Sports via Give Me Sport, which could see him snub their rivals in favour of a move to Chelsea for either a nominal fee in January or as a free transfer in the summer. READ MORE: Liverpool told to make second signing before Bellingham - Exclusive After ousting Edouard Mendy and installing Kepa Arrizabalaga as his number one, Potter now has to rely upon the Spaniard with Mendy also rumoured to be interested in leaving the club in search of regular minutes. While Kepa has impressed since coming into the team, he does not have a stellar track record of being a consistent goalkeeper in England, and Potter may wish to bring in another stopper. Former Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny showed that he remains one of the best goalkeepers around at the World Cup for Poland, and has just 18 months left on his current Juventus contract. The Italian club’s recent financial woes has seen many of their senior staff resign from positions at the top of the club, prompting worry over whether the Old Lady will need to offload players, such as Szczesny, for reasonable fees. Barcelona outcast Memphis Depay could be a short-term answer to Chelsea’s striker woes, highlighted by Graeme Souness in a heated argument with Blues icon Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink as he claimed that Potter needs another striker. Nkunku has played that role for RB Leipzig in the past successfully, and the club may only need a player in for the remainder of the current season. Depay appears free to leave Barcelona, potentially on loan which would appeal to Boehly and co as a cheap, risk-free option that Chelsea’s various forwards can work around. His link-up play, showcased at the World Cup, could be to the benefit of the struggling forward cast at Stamford Bridge. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'lose Saudi Arabia deal at 11th hour' as plug pulled after meetingMan Utd boss Ten Hag takes on second job at Old Trafford after Murtough talksCarragher urges Liverpool to sign 'next Wijnaldum' alongside Bellingham Cesar Azpilicueta did not inspire confidence that he can competently cover in Reece James’s absence during the 1-1 draw away to Nottingham Forest on New Year’s Day, and another right wing-back could be brought to the club. Matt Doherty, despite rarely being a regular at Tottenham, has impressed going forward on several occasions during his time at the club and has become Antonio Conte’s first choice over Emerson Royal. Spurs look set to bring in another wing-back in the form of Pedro Porro however, which could mean that Doherty is made available as the north London side would have a glut of options in his position. Following Cristiano Ronaldo’s arrival to Saudi Arabian side Al Nassr, the Middle Eastern outfit reportedly will next look to move Cameroon World Cup star Vincent Aboubakar out of the club as they look to pair the ex-Manchester United striker with a creative winger instead. The 30-year-old could leave on loan and should he be able to replicate his goalscoring exploits on the international stage in the Premier League, would represent shrewd business for the Blues.