Secret agents working on behalf of Russia and other enemies still pose a threat to Britain with a senior espionage expert claiming the UK has been failing to protect itself. Keir Giles, senior fellow at Chatham House, told Express.co.uk it is "shocking" how open the UK is to Russian espionage campaigns. He noted it is still "perfectly legal" in the UK to be an agent "actively working" for a hostile power against Britain because of gaps in the law. The comments follow warnings that Putin has a network of covert spies in Britain who are ready to kill on demand. Mr Giles said: "We should be used… to the idea that this is a country that will use any means it can to reach out and harm Western democracies and the people living in them. "The real shock is how open those democracies remain to these [espionage] campaigns - in particular the way the UK is still not protecting itself against it from within on behalf of Russia or other adversaries. "It's still perfectly legal in the UK to be an agent of a hostile power actively working against your own country, which means there is nothing that can be done about that insider threat - and that should have changed long ago." But it is hoped by Government that upcoming legislation should fill in the current legal loop holes, making it easier for authorities to crackdown on those suspected to be involved with threatening foreign activity. READ MORE: Police searching for missing dog walker Nicola Bulley identify witness  Currently, the police have to gather "reasonable grounds" to suspect someone of a specific criminal offense. But the National Security Bill, which is being passed through Parliament, will give police the ability to arrest people without a charge on suspicion of a person’s involvement in state threats activity. They will be able to keep those suspected of being "foreign agents" behind bars for 48 hours while being investigated. The authorities will not need to have specific knowledge about the intent or methods the suspected "foreign agents" are planning to use. The arrests, however, will only be authorised by a judge.  Former MI6 agent Professor Julian Richards warned that Moscow is so proficient at snooping in the UK his colleagues "don’t know" how many spies are walking Britain's streets. He suggested there could be cells of Russian agents who could kill at any moment. Since Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, 600 Russians have been expelled from European countries, 400 of which have been spies, according to British Intelligence services. Many of these spies were using their roles as diplomats to gather secret information of Ukraine’s allies. "There could be a lot of them out there that we just don’t know about," the former agent of 20 years told The Sun.    "Theoretically they could assassinate someone, if they needed to." The Parliament’s cross-party Intelligence and Security Committee welcomed the new bill but said it was "disappointed" it had taken the Government such a long time to draft it, a spokesperson for the committee told Express.co.uk The group of politicians has made it clear the bill requires amendments and said the developments are "some progress, but still a long way to go". For years, the committee has been calling for a "plethora of plans and strategies" to stop espionage from threatening the UK.  In its 2020 Russia report, it recommended the MI5 takes the lead for protecting democracy from foreign interference. The National Security Bill also includes the creation of the Foreign Influence and Registration Scheme which requires the registration of all secret activity undertaken on behalf of a foreign state. It also redefines the meaning of "foreign interference" to make it harder for countries to use disinformation or cyber activities to interfere with democracy. Some MPs have demanded the sweeping security reforms are scaled back because of fears they will threaten journalists and whistleblowers. The Bill is currently in the reporting stage in the House of Lords where it will be scrutinised and amended by lords. Stuart McDonald, the Scottish National party’s justice spokesperson, warned the bill was written too vaguely and some of the new offences it defines will criminalise too many activities. He said the group affected could include journalists who hold "protected information" given by whistleblowers. "I think a lot of us are concerned that there’s no public interest defence and suitable protection for whistleblowers," McDonald told FT.   