Rishi Sunak vowed to deliver “peace of mind” to the public as he promised to get Britain back on track. The Prime Minister pledged to restore “optimism, hope and pride in Britain” as the country rebuilds from the wreckage of the Covid pandemic and cost of living crisis. In his first major speech since entering No10, Mr Sunak said there will be “no tricks” and “no ambiguity” as he set out his five pledges for the year ahead. Halving inflation, growing the economy, cutting national debt, reducing NHS waiting lists and stopping the small boat crisis, are the people’s priorities, he said. Trying to get on the front foot in 2023 amid a crippling wave of strikes, the PM acknowledged the massive pressures facing hospitals saying he was taking “urgent action” to protect services. In a wide-ranging speech in East London he also slammed “misinformation” from unions over strikes, and said the government will shortly lay out its next move. Mr Sunak said he hoped he was already starting to earn people's trust but he would be judged whether he could deliver on the five key areas. “These five promises are the people's priorities,” he said. “We will halve inflation, grow the economy, reduce debt, cut waiting lists, and stop the boats.” “I fully expect the country to hold me and the Government to account for how much effort we’re putting into working on those priorities, which are their priorities.” He said tackling the small boat crisis is a “top priority” and said new immigration laws would be introduced soon. Mr Sunak said the Government would “reduce the burden of taxation on working people” in a move that will appease some disquiet on the Tory backbenches. He also announced his “personal” ambition for everyone to study maths until at least the age of 18, saying that improving education was as close as it gets to a “silver bullet” in policy terms. The intervention came after the Prime Minister was given a glimmer of hope in a new poll that found that Mr Sunak has leapfrogged Keir Starmer as the public's preferred PM. Mr Sunak’s speech also appeared to steal the thunder of the Labour leader’s own New Year policy set-piece which takes place on this Thursday. Focussing on the country's finances Mr Sunak said he expected inflation - the rate at which prices rise - to halve this year and that he would also like the economy to be growing by then. Inflation is currently at a near 40-year high of 10.7 percent, with wages failing to keep up with prices. Based on current forecasts from the Bank of England and the independent Office for Responsibility (OBR), the aim to halve inflation this year should be achievable. The Bank expects inflation to fall sharply to 5.2 percent in the final quarter of the year, while the OBR has forecast the figure to fall to 3.8 percent However, some of his other pledges are likely to be more challenging to achieve. There are currently more than seven million people waiting for NHS care in England - one in eight of the population. Waiting lists have continued to grow since the height of the Covid pandemic, as more patients come forward after missing treatment during lockdowns. Mr Sunak's predecessors have also struggled to tackle small boat crossings, with a record 45,000 people making the dangerous journey across the Channel last year. The Prime Minister promised to introduce legislation to ensure people who arrive illegally are removed quickly - but he admitted this "is not going to happen overnight". Progress will depend on how quickly Parliament passes any new law, while the plans could also get bogged down in the courts as a potential breach of the UK's refugee obligations. Mr Sunak also spoke at length about family, calling it “something that politicians struggle to talk about”. Sir Iain Duncan Smith, the former Tory leader, welcomed the address as he said he was “pleased the PM has recognised the importance of supporting families”. “However, he knows he'll be judged on sorting out the chaos of illegal asylum seekers; sorting out NHS and Social Care and that taxes must come down to grow the economy,” Sir Iain wrote on Twitter. “This is the right agenda, now we must deliver.” Labour said Mr Sunak's pledges were all things that were happening anyway, were easily achievable or “aimed at fixing problems of the Tories' own making”. “For weeks this speech was hyped up as his big vision - now he's delivered it, the country is entitled to ask: is that it?" the party's deputy leader Angela Rayner said. Liberal Democrat Leader Ed Davey said Mr Sunak was “asleep at the wheel”, adding: “People will be dismayed that Rishi Sunak still doesn't have a proper plan to deal with the crisis raging in the NHS.”