The study, conducted by researchers at Okayama University, found sarunashi juice (actinidia arguta) contains the beneficial component isoquercetin. Actinidia arguta – otherwise known as the hardy kiwi – is an edible fruit that can be juiced. Dr Sakae Arimoto Kobayashi, the associate professor in the faculty of pharmaceutical sciences, commented on his mice model cancer study. "In this study, we sought to investigate the chemo-preventive effects of actinide arguta juice and its constituting component isoQ [isoquercetin]." For the research project, mice were given a known cancer-causing compound found in tobacco products. Mice given NNK – a cancer-causing compound – alongside hardy kiwi juice developed "significantly" fewer tumours than mice only given NNK injections. The consumption of hardy kiwi juice was found to reduce the number of nodules found in the lungs of the mice. READ MORE: Covid 'Kraken' variant is ripping through the UK – symptoms Rich in polyphenols and vitamin C, the juice has been shown to reduce "mutagenesis, inflammation, and mouse skin tumourigenesis [the development of tumours]". These results, while "promising", can not be applied to human subjects, meaning more research needs to be done. Lung cancer The Roy Castle Lung Cancer Foundation states: "Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer." Smokers – and ex-smokers – have an increased risk of developing tumours in the lungs. DON'T MISS:Heat pump warning as ‘nonsensical’ missing rule could be 'disastrous' [INSIGHT]‘Major’ solar storm warning as Earth facing ‘direct’ plasma hit [ANALYSIS]NASA releases first global picture of Earth from new NOAA-21 satellite [REPORT]  Passive, second-hand smoking can also increase the likelihood of having the life-threatening disease. Additional risk factors can include: a lack of exercise; poor diet; diesel fumes; and exposure to asbestos, radon gas, and other occupational chemicals. "An early lung cancer diagnosis can make a big difference," the charity says in terms of survival outlook. The symptoms of lung cancer can include: READ MORE: Cancer treatment crisis as 18,000 on waiting list in 'heartbreaking' NHS figures The charity cautions: "We have no sense of pain inside our lungs, so it can be difficult to spot changes until they affect our breathing or start to affect other parts of our chest or body." Anybody experiencing any signs of lung cancer are encouraged to book a doctor's appointment. Testing for lung cancer can include scans, X-rays, blood tests, and biopsies. If a tumour is found, the state of lung cancer will be determined, depending on its size and if it has spread elsewhere in the body. Stage one lung cancer The cancer is small and hasn’t spread (localised). Stage two or three lung cancer The cancer is larger and may have spread into surrounding tissues. There may be cancer cells in the lymph nodes (locally advanced). Stage four lung cancer The cancer has spread to another part of the body (secondary or metastatic cancer). Dr Sakae Arimoto Kobayashi's research findings were published in the journal Genes and Environment.