Bradley Walsh cemented his position as beloved quiz master with ITV’s The Chase and the household favourite has become one of the UK’s most-loved quiz shows. Speaking about the filming process, Bradley opened up on what happens when things don’t go to plan as hopeful contestants try their best to outsmart the Chasers. The presenter explained he doesn’t get to rehearse the quick-fire questions. He reads the questions the first the time during filming which can sometimes lead to problems. Bradley revealed there are lawyers on hand to step in whenever the host gets it wrong. He said: “If there is a slight misread, I am stopped immediately, bang, by the lawyers.” Read more: The Chase's Darragh Ennis admits 'I'm not very good' at quizzing “We have the compliance lawyers in the studio all the time,” he continued. “What you have to do is go back to the start of the question, literally on video tape where my mouth opens, or where it’s closed from the previous question, and the question is re-asked. It is stopped to the split second.” It takes The Chase presenter around four seconds to ask each question. “You have to be at such a speed,” Bradley commented. “If you’re a contestant and I go, ‘What’s… the capital… of France…’ they’d be dead and buried in thirty seconds. “I have to make sure they get up to speed and they’re getting about 18 or 19 questions answered correctly.” The host described this total as “the real banana skin score” in that it’s the most likely amount to trip the Chasers up. “Once the Chasers get in a rhythm there’s no stopping them,” Bradley told Radio Times. DON'T MISSAnne Hegerty 'can think of few' to replace Bradley Walsh on The Chase [INTERVIEW]The Chase's Anne Hegerty in hysterics over Prince Harry's book display INSIGHT]Anne Hegerty admits 'no one wants to be the worst Chaser' on show [INTERIEW] “They can answer 24, 25 questions in two minutes. We’ve even almost reached thirty. Meanwhile, Bradley returned to TV earlier this month with his son Barney.  In the latest episode, the father-and-son duo reached Guatemala before travelling into the jungle. The pair abseiled down a cliff face into a waterfall and met a shaman who believes in the healing powers of chocolate. In nerve-racking scenes, Bradley found out that his son had planned for the two of them to ride a tightrope 25 metres in the air. Next week, Bradley and Barney head to Nicaragua where they join a professional baseball team before checking out the country’s volcanoes. The Chase airs on ITV on weekdays at 5pm.