Ukrainian soldiers have been pictured taking part in “mine safety” exercises in the UK as part of the latest round of training drills carried out by NATO forces. Deputy Commander of the Ground Forces of Ukraine, Lieutenant General Oleksandr Pavliuk, posted pictures of the soldiers attending to mines buried in the English woodland as part of a training drill. The military exercises are being overseen by instructors of the 1st Sapper Regiment of the 1st Canadian Mechanized Brigade Group of the 3rd Canadian Division of the Land Forces of the Canadian Armed Forces. Photos posted by Lt Gen Pavliuk show Ukrainian soldiers working to identify the locations of possible mines and how to safely disarm them. He said the basic military drills were vital to teaching soldiers how to “identify special signs of places where explosive devices have been installed”, as well as to spot “mine traps”. He also said learning “the rules for using an engineering ‘probe’”, pictured being used by one of the soldiers in the photos he shared, were imperative to safely navigating the frontlines when they return to Ukraine. In a statement on Telegram, Lt Gen Pavliuk said: Servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine work out the issue of mine safety during exercises on the territory of Great Britain   “Classes take place within the framework of basic military training under the leadership of instructors of the 1st Sapper Regiment of the 1st Canadian Mechanized Brigade Group of the 3rd Canadian Division of the Land Forces of the Canadian Armed Forces as part of Operation UNIFIER - UK. “Military personnel of the Canadian Armed Forces are on the territory of Great Britain to use their experience and teach Ukrainian recruits how to handle weapons, ensuring their operational readiness.” He added: “Engineering training is important both from the point of view of theory, and in terms of practical training in identifying special signs of places where explosive devices are installed and the rules for using an engineering ‘probe’ and methods for detecting ’stretches’ and identifying mine traps. READ MORE: Dramatic moment Russian soldiers are wiped out by ‘death ray’ weapon [REPORT] On Sunday, the British Ministry of Defence announced that Ukrainian tank crews had arrived in the UK to begin military tutorials on how to use the Challenger 2 tanks. The UK became the first nation to promise Kyiv main battle tanks in early January, sparking further announcements from Germany and the US a fortnight later. In a statement on Sunday, alongside the hashtag “Stand with Ukraine”, the MoD wrote: “Ukrainian tank crews have arrived in the UK to begin training for their continued fight against Russia. DON'T MISS: Russia launches 'axis of advance' as Commonwealth forces land in UK [LIVE] Ukraine says waves of Russian troops 'crushed' in latest assault [REPORT] Boris Johnson's Putin missile attack claims disputed by Kremlin [REVEAL]   “The UK will provide Challenger 2 tanks to Ukraine alongside global partner nations - demonstrating the strength of support for Ukraine, internationally. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said “everything is going according to plan” over the supply of the tanks, with Ukrainians expected to start training on the Challengers shortly. Training for Ukrainians in how to use the German-made Leopard 2 main battle tanks is expected to begin in the next few weeks and months. Poland has said they will start inviting soldiers from Kyiv to begin training in the near future. READ NEXT: Global carbon emissions slashed due to impact of Ukraine warPutin warned of 'devastating' NATO response after Boris Johnson threatDesperate Putin blocks dual citizens at border for new mobilisationFighter jets key to defeating Putin, Ukraine MP saysRussian soldier killed in drunken showdown as chaos and anarchy reign  