Bradley Walsh, 62, is a beloved English actor, comedian, singer and TV presenter. His son Barney Walsh, 25, has also made his way onto the small screen. What is their net worth? According to The Sun, Bradley Walsh is worth an impressive £20million, and he has made his money through TV, both as a host and actor. In 1997 he landed a presenting role on ITV's Wheel of Fortune, and has had a number of presenting jobs since. He has been presenting the popular game show The Chase since 2009, and has also done stints on Odd One In, Keep It In The Family and Cash Trapped. In addition to hosting, Bradley has been a regular actor on several acclaimed TV shows including Coronation Street, Law & Order: UK and Dr Who. READ MORE: 'World's oldest makeup' look mature women should avoid - pictures Since 2019, he has starred in Bradley Walsh & Son: Breaking Dad, alongside 25-year old son Barney, who he shares with wife Donna Derby. There have been five series' so far, with the fifth premiering on January 10, 2023. Together they have travelled around various countries in an RV, sharing unique experiences such as energy cleansing by a Voodoo High Priest in New Orleans. Series One and Two saw them explore America, while Series Three and Four were European adventures. In October 2021, Bradley began appearing on TV show The Larkins alongside his son. He played Pop Larkin in the comedy drama for the first two seasons of the show. However, it was recently revealed that it will be axed from ITV. In conversation with This Morning, Bradley explained that the viewing figures for the show were "fantastic". However, he does not "have time" for the 14 weeks of shooting the show requires. READ MORE: What Camilla 'did to others' will 'come back' in 'karma' - claims He did call it a "fantastic show" and hopes to do a special episode to mark it. Before his career on the TV, Bradley was a star on the football field, playing for Brentford in the late 1970s. However, he often ended up on the reserves, and played for Barnet on loan, as well as Tring Town, Borehamwood and Chalfont St Peter. His football career ended at just age 22 due to ankle fractures. Barney Walsh, Bradley Walsh's only child, has a reported net worth of $5million (just over £4million). He co-stars in Bradley Walsh & Son: Breaking Dad and also had some guest appearances alongside his celeb parent on The Larkins. In 2021 he made five appearances on the show as PC Harness. Before this, he was known for his acting on King Arthur: Legend of the Sword and Indulgence.