The representatives of Arsenal and Newcastle United target Ivan Fresneda travelled to London over the weekend for in-person discussions about the player's next move, according to reports. Fresneda has been linked with a potential Premier League switch between now and the end of the January transfer window after impressing in Spain with Real Valladolid over the last few months. The 18-year-old full-back has enjoyed a breakout season in La Liga this year, becoming a regular starter for Valladolid as they fight to avoid relegation to the second tier. His age-defying performances are said to have attracted the likes of Arsenal and Newcastle to his availability, while Juventus and Borussia Dortmund have also been credited with a desire to secure his signature.It seems as though the wheels are already in motion regarding a new challenge for Fresneda, with his agents recently having travelled to London for talks with several Premier League clubs, according to Sky Sports. Arsenal are said to be hoping to rival Newcastle in the battle to land Fresneda over the coming weeks, although no firm offers are said to have been made by any club as of yet.The additional interest in Fresneda from elsewhere in Europe suggests that Arsenal and Newcastle will be facing stiff competition to sign the player, who remains contracted to Valladolid until the summer of 2025 as things stand. His current employers reportedly do not want to sell their prized asset in the middle of the season, but money talks and it is claimed that a lucrative offer could suffice in tempting them into cashing in. JUST IN: Ian Wright issues Everton fans apology after Match of the Day comments It seems as though Valladolid boss Pacheta is already resigned to losing Fresneda at some point in the not-too-distant future, with the 54-year-old admitting earlier this month that he does not expect the teenage defender to stick around for much longer."[Fresneda] only has a few games left in the Blanquivioleta shirt because he is 18 but does things that 30-year-old players do," Pacheta is quoted as saying by Mundo Deportivo. Pacheta also said that if he was in charge of another club he would look to sign Fresneda without even thinking about it, adding: "He would be a fantastic acquisition, his numbers are fantastic and, although I want him to stay here, I understand the club and I am aligned with him in everything he does."It’s good for the player that he can continue playing, but I’m sure he will play wherever he goes because he is a good right-back, who also played a brilliant game against Real Madrid." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.