Removing hardened wax from any surface can be a nightmare, especially if you have left it to sit for a few hours or even days. According to cleaning experts at beanbags.co.uk, if you spill the wax on wood or any other surface, the first thing you should do is clean it up as quickly as possible. The experts noted: “The longer the wax is allowed to sit, the more difficult it will be to remove from your furniture. “You can use a few household ingredients to remove candle wax from wood and other materials.” The experts recommended using a hot iron, placing it on top of the dried wax for a few seconds until it has melted. Then, use an old towel to scrape up the melted wax into a pile. The pros added: “However, if you split a lot of wax, spray WD-40 onto an old rag and rub it into the stained area of your floor covering. “This should loosen any remaining waxy residue from your carpet fibres. Use another clean rag to wipe away the WD-40 and then repeat as necessary until no more residue remains on your carpet or rug.” READ MORE: Boiler expert shares 'ideal’ temperature to heat homes to in winter If you spill candle wax on wooden surfaces, you should also act quickly to ensure it doesn’t have enough time to dry. The easiest way to do this is by using a hair dryer on a low heat. Hold the hair dryer directly on top of the wax until it melts away into liquid form. If any pieces of wick are left behind after melting, they can be removed with a sharp object such as a paring knife or paint scraper. The experts noted: “Next, you should make a paste with baking soda and water. The baking soda helps neutralize any remaining acid residue left over from the acid-based commercial removers mentioned above, while also softening up any hardened residue left behind by repeated applications of hot water alone. DON'T MISS:DIY expert shares how to paint radiators for a ‘seamless’ finish [COMMENT]Six ‘easy’ and ‘exciting’ cheap improvements to make in 2023 [INSIGHT]Six ‘common’ gardening mistakes to avoid making [EXPERT] “This method works best when there isn't much time between spilling your candle and cleaning up after it has hardened onto the wood. “Finally, add a petroleum jelly like Vaseline or Chapstick over the entire spot where the candle was sitting and allow it to sit overnight before removing it with a damp cloth in the morning.” If you have spilt wax on clothing, the “best way” to try and save the item is to place several ice cubes into a plastic bag and place this onto the stained area of fabric for 15 minutes. After, use an old toothbrush to scrub away any remaining residue from your garment or linens before putting them into cold water and washing them like normal. READ MORE: Surfaces to ‘avoid’ cleaning with baking soda and white vinegar The cleaning experts added: “Naturally, this technique works best when the wax is fresh and hasn't been sitting too long or on top of clothing that could be damaged by freezing temperatures.” To remove wax from walls, scrape away as much wax as possible with a spoon before using an ice cube to remove any remaining residue from your wall by placing them on top of it and letting them melt. This will help to loosen up any remaining wax particles so that they are easier to remove. The pros noted: “Finally, spray WD-40 on a cloth and wipe away any remaining residue until no more comes off onto the cloth. “Again, the WD-40 will break down the oil in the wax, making it easier to wipe away with a towel or rag — just be sure not to use too much because it can leave a residue behind itself. “You can use cotton buds dipped in WD-40 if there are any hard-to-reach places where you need more precision cleaning action.” The easiest way to remove candle wax from a glass is with alcohol, such as vodka. Just soak a cloth or paper towel in vodka and rub it over the candle wax until it dissolves. The pros said: “ If the candle has dripped down into a crack or groove on your glass, you may have to use tweezers or other long-handled tools to remove any debris that remains after using alcohol. “Once all of the wax has been removed, rinse everything off with warm water and dry with a clean towel.”