Two NYPD cops were allegedly caught having sex inside a car at a parking lot outside of a police station. The cops were busted after the woman’s “hot and heavy” cries alerted a passerby to their shenanigans, the New York Post reported. The sordid affair comes after a female police officer was fired for allegedly engaging in on-duty sex acts with male colleagues at a Tennessee police station. In the latest sex scandal, a startled stranger called 911 after overhearing the sex in a parking lot used by police officers, sources claimed. The freaked out caller told police he “hears a woman screaming in a parking lot where police park their vehicles at” but “can’t see which color vehicle it is coming from”, the report states. Two other officers then came out of the Brooklyn precinct to investigate and found two off-duty cops — a man and a woman — who, according to one source, were stark naked in a car in the lot. “They were getting hot and heavy,” a source said. READ MORE: Married police officer ‘had on-duty sex with male colleagues, including at station’  The cops, who are also partners on the job, have been having an ongoing affair — one that became well-known in the precinct after the man’s wife found out and “created havoc” at the station house last summer, according to sources. “She showed up to the precinct to confront the girlfriend,” a source said. “Shortly after in the rear of the precinct, with bosses and cops present, the two cops got into a huge altercation because of the wife. Nothing was done.” They added: “Then someone had the bright idea to have them partnered up, riding in the same sector.” DON'T MISSAlec Baldwin vows to 'fight' manslaughter charge [LATEST]Biden on brink as shutdown threatens US with default [REPORT]Kohberger was likely motivated by sexual ‘arousal’ [INSIGHT] The two cops were only made partners over the last few months, sources said. The officers who responded to the sordid call - an amateur and a cop with nearly two decades under their belt - didn’t file a report or activate their body cameras, which is department policy for that type of call, sources alleged. Within hours of the incident taking place, news of the precinct parking lot tryst erupted throughout police circles on social media, according to sources. The two cops were interviewed, but denied having sex, a police source said. READ MORE: Woman, 25, accused of stabbing her boyfriend after he urinated in their bed while sleeping The responding officers were also questioned, and denied interrupting the bonk as well, the source said. It’s unclear what, if any, disciplinary steps the department has taken since. The woman joined the force in 2021, and the man in 2018, police records show. The latest scandal follows the firing of Maegen Hall, 26, after she engaged in repeated sex romps with multiple officers. The female cop allegedly performed oral sex on duty, sent dirty pictures and took her top off at a “Girls Gone Wild” hot tub party. Hall is alleged to have bragged about the size of one partner’s genitals and said to have described herself as in an “open marriage”. The scandal has led to her dismissal from the La Vergne police department in the US state of Tennessee. Sergeant Lewis Powell, Officer Juan Lugo, Sergeant Ty McGowan and Detective Seneca Shields were also fired. Express.co.uk reached out to the NYPD for comment.