The couple were discovered in the icy waters on the Four Waterfalls Walk on the Brecon Beacons last week with the two bodies being found after a five-day search. The police say they don't yet know how the bodies entered the water. The bodies were found after an extensive search with one found hours after reports arose of them going missing last Wednesday and the other on Saturday. The loss has left both families of the women in shock at what has occurred. In a statement their families said: "We are devastated to have suffered such an immeasurable loss following the news of Rachael and Helen's passing at just 33 and 52. "They were such a devoted, selfless, and loving couple having had an immensely positive impact on all those they met. "Their love for animals and dedication to caring for them so lovingly over the years made them a truly admirable credit to themselves and society. "Their endless laughter will be forever remembered by all who had the honour to know them.There are no words that can express enough how highly they were both thought of by family members, friends, and colleagues." READ MORE: Boris asks Tories to fight ‘for a low tax global Britain’  The families also took the opportunity to "thank all those who have provided such generous support and guidance, including the unwavering commitment of the Brecon Beacons Mountain Rescue volunteers, the police, National Police Air Support, Mid and West Wales Fire Service, National Resource Wales, the Welsh Ambulance Service and Powys County Council for helping so selflessly at such a difficult time". They added: "We would now like time to grieve and would ask to be given privacy in which to do so." On the incident in question, Dyfed-Powys POlice said their search operation had been hampered "high fast flowing" water. Talking to the Sun, experienced hillwalk Phil Evans commented: "It's usually pretty safe up there - but like anywhere else in the Beacons there are risks. "The water will be extremely cold at this time of year, you're not going to survive for long and we've had a lot of rain so there will be rapids forming."