It is believed Princess Diana used to play with Prince Andrew and Prince Edward around the Queen's Norfolk property when they were children, but in 1975 Diana and her siblings moved to the 14,000-acre estate in Northamptonshire, Althorp House, which was acquired by the Spencer family in 1508. The estate is now home to Diana's brother, Charles, the 9th Earl Spencer after their father died in 1992. Princess Diana spent her childhood in the idyllic Northamptonshire enjoying the quiet life in the countryside and spending time outdoors with her siblings. However, her Grade I listed country home wasn't small as Althorp House has 90 rooms, including a magnificent library and a picture gallery. Charles Spencer, Lady Kitty Spencer's father, who now owns the property, lives there with his wife Karen Spencer. READ MORE: ‘Rule of thumb’ to follow when filling your washing machine  In 2019, the impressive mansion opened to members of the public, who could visit the historic site until August 2021. Kitty Spencer recently shared a photo of herself as a child taken at Althorp House on the social media platform Instagram, where she has hundreds of thousands of followers. The patio and gardens of the Spencer family home can be seen in the picture as well as staff carrying milk jugs in the background. Lady Kitty Spencer now lives in her £19million London mansion with her husband, the South African millionaire Michael Lewis.  Northamptonshire is around two hours and a half away from London by car, which makes it a great option for those looking to escape the big city and relocate to the tranquil countryside. It is also a suitable option for commuters as Northampton is just over one hour away from the city by train, with a direct train leaving from St Pancras. On the online forum Quora, a Briton who wanted to relocate to the county asked: "What are the best aspects of living in Northampton, Northamptonshire, as a young adult?" A person who had been living there for years explained that like any area, "there’s some ups and downs" but that Northamptonshire "is a beautiful place". READ MORE: Three houseplants that remove condensation - & 'prevent mould growth' In terms of the countryside, Northamptonshire has "a rich and intriguing history with many hidden wonders in the long term history," they added. Another explained that it has "beautiful towns, not too big and not too small, very nice people, good architecture and a few but nice pubs", however, they warned that it is not a "posh area". According to Rightmove, properties in Northamptonshire had an overall average price of £317,328 last year. Most sales in the county were semi-detached properties, which had an average price of £287,886, while detached properties sold for an average of £477,768, and terraced properties fetched £241,918. According to the real state site, overall, sold prices in Northamptonshire over the last year were eight percent up on the 2020 peak of £295,067. The top 10 best places to live in Northamptonshire, according to Muddy Stilettos:  Long Buckby  Middleton Cheney Towcester  Brixworth  Daventry 