Millions of Brits have been warned to only travel if necessary as a "freezing fog" is predicted to fall over a huge swathe of the country this evening. The Met Office has issued a yellow warning for fog for much of the Midlands, London, Yorkshire and the east of England.  Drivers are being warned of reduced visibility and icy conditions on the roads, and some flights may be cancelled. The yellow warning is in place from 2am to 11am tomorrow - although the fog is expected to fall as early as this evening.  Fog causes visibility for drivers and pedestrians to fall to an upper limit of only around 200 metres. However, fog warnings are put in place when severe disruption may occur - which is when the visibility falls to as low as 50m. This is why it is far more dangerous to drive when a yellow warning has been placed in your area. If you have to drive, there are a few things motorists can do to be a little safer. READ MORE: Drivers urged to use clever household item to melt frozen handbrake [REVEAL]  For a start, it is crucial to avoid using dipped headlights, as these can reflect off the fog - causing a "white wall" effect, reducing visibility even further. It is also important to keep a close eye on your speedometer, rather than relying on the view outside the car to judge how fast you are going, as fog can give the illusion of moving in slow motion. Similarly, it is advised that drivers don't stay too close to the tail lights of the car in front, as the Met Office warns this can give a "false sense of security". Freezing fog – such as that predicted to fall this evening – is particularly dangerous. It is made of water droplets that freeze on contact with objects such as the pavement, the roads, or cars. This means it can quickly form a layer of ice, increasing the risk of car accidents. Will you be affected by the fog? See our list of impacted regions below. DON'T MISS: Met Office puts nation on alert as ice blast triggers deep freeze [REVEAL]Cyclone Kyrill: Horrifying storm that brought death and havoc to UK [INSIGHT]Cold weather could cause harmful blood clots - how to protect yourself [ANALYSIS]