A man smashed a dad on the head with a hammer while on the school run. Jordan Byatt, described as the "boogie man" by one terrified child, attacked his victim in the street after they had both dropped off their children.   The victim and his partner had been walking along London Road, Stoke-on-Trent, when they saw and heard Byatt, 28, on the opposite side of the road, shouting abuse at them, Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court heard. The defendant shouted, "Wait there," and took his two-year-old child home before returning with a hammer and using it to strike the man's head at least twice. The court heard that other parents witnessed the assault and that a woman was screaming. Now Byatt has been sentenced to eight months in prison, suspended for 18 months, after his victim was left feeling dazed and dizzy, reports StokeonTrentLive.   Prosecutor Neil Ahuja said Byatt knew his victim as their children both attend Oakhill Primary School. Their partners used to be friends and their daughters used to have sleepovers together. But Byatt was allegedly aggressive and abusive to his victim's partner on two previous occasions. At 9am on October 1, 2021 matters came to a head. Mr Ahuja said: "The defendant was initially with his two-year-old son. He went home and returned without his child. He was shouting and jumping around aggressively. He ran across the road towards the victim. "The victim had his back towards the defendant and ducked down. It went over his head. He then felt a blow to the back of his head through his coat. "The victim's partner and a friend saw the defendant with a hammer in his hand which he took out the pocket of his hooded top. "He used it to strike the victim to the back of the head. The defendant was heard to say, I am going to stove your head in'." The court heard Byatt ran back to his house following the assault. In a victim statement, the complainant said he was now fearful for himself, his partner and their daughter. He added that his daughter is terrified of Byatt who she calls the "boogie monster" and freezes when she sees him. He added he was fearful of collecting his daughter from school in case there was a repeat incident. Byatt, of Keelings Drive, Trent Vale, Stoke-on-Trent pleaded guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm and possession of an offensive weapon. Barry White, mitigating, said Byatt was not charged with any previous incidents. But he accepted his client took his son home and returned with a hammer. He said Byatt has no relevant convictions and has not offended since this incident. He lives with his partner and their two children. He works full time and looks after the children at night as his partner works night shifts. He has emotional difficulties and would benefit from assistance from the probation service. Mr White added: "Any immediate custodial sentence would have an extremely detrimental effect on the family. "It is a serious matter, running at somebody in the street with a hammer. It crosses the custody threshold. "I invite the court to step away from an immediate custodial sentence." As part of the suspended sentence Byatt must complete a rehabilitation activity requirement for 30 days and 100 hours unpaid work. And he was made the subject of a restraining order which prohibits him from contacting his victim and his victim's family or going to their street in Stoke for five years. He must also pay his victim £250 compensation. Recorder Julian Taylor said: "This was an incident which occurred out of a dispute between your partner and the victim's partner and you got involved. "You were abusive and aggressive to the victim's partner on two occasions before the offence on October 1, 2021. "The victim was walking home with his partner. You were on the opposite side of the road with your two-year-old son. "You said, 'Wait there', went back to the house and returned without your son. You had a hammer. You hit the man over the head with the hammer at least a couple of times. You said, 'I am going to stove your head in'. "It was fortunate that the complainant did not have any more serious injuries. "I am giving you a chance for the probation service to assist you with the various issues you face. You need to stop using cannabis." 