Ghislaine Maxwell gave TalkTV viewers a glimpse into life behind bars in a Florida prison last night. The 61-year-old convicted sex offender who groomed girls alongside the financier Jeffrey Epstein complained about "tasteless food" during the interview. The British socialite has been used to the finer things in life. Express looked into the lavish homes and properties Maxwell owned or lived in before her arrest and conviction. Headington Hill Hall - the childhood home Even before the beginning of her opulent life in the US with Epstein, Maxwell grew up in grandeur. Headington Hill Hall in eastern Oxford is an Italianate mansion, built in 1824 for the Morrells, a family who partied with Oscar Wilde and Virginia Woolf. The 51-room home with exotic gardens was leased by publisher Robert, Maxwell's father for almost 32 years. During his time at the property, Robert used the lawn as a helipad, added a swimming pool and tennis court, and commissioned a stained glass window depicting the Biblical figure of Samson, known for his immense strength, thought to have been based on his own likeness. READ MORE: Ghislaine Maxwell dishes on her connection with Bill Clinton in explosive new interview The Lenox Hill townhouse Maxwell and Epstein lived in a $5 million New York townhouse until 2016. The five-story townhouse, 116 East 65th Street, was purchased in October 2000 by an anonymous corporation that operated from the same address as Epstein's finance office. The large home is 7,000 square foot in the fashionable Upper East Side neighborhood and boasts an elevator, eight fireplaces, and 12 rooms. Lenox Hill is an affluent area, home to Madison Avenue and its designer residents, including Prada, Dolce & Gabbana, and Gucci. It's reported the area, described as the suburbia of the Upper East Side, is home to singer Ricky Martin and actress Debra Messing. Properties here cost a pretty penny, and the median house sale price in Lenox Hill in the last quarter of 2022 was $13.4M DON'T MISSMaxwell launches defence of Prince Andrew [INTERVIEW] Ghislaine Maxwell moans of 6am wake-up calls and too much tofu [VIDEO] Ghislaine Maxwell a 'true narcissist' as she talks of help [ANALYSIS] The Belgravia mews house Where the infamous photo of Maxwell and Prince Andrew with his arm around Virginia Giuffre's waist is said to have been taken, Maxwell sold this mews home in 2021 for £1.75 million to pay her legal fees. The three-story property features three bedrooms, a reception room and a small kitchen, one and a half bathrooms, and a terrace. Pictures from inside the home show an open-plan living space with banquet seating and a large round dining table. A small galley kitchen in a magnolia hue is home to basic furnishings and a small breakfast bar. Famous residents of Belgravia include former-Prime Minister, Winston Churchill and actor Rupert Everett. The South Kensington property Another London property was sold by Maxwell in 1997 for £267,000. This home was owned by the sex offender in the 1990s during the time she is thought to have groomed an underage British girl with Epstein. The property has two bedrooms, each with an ensuite, and a separate bathroom. There is a spacious master bedroom, a large living room, and a small galley kitchen. It is within a three-minute walk of the National History Museum. It was sold in August 2019 for £1.7 million. At the time of writing, the average property value in South Kensington is £1,344,524. Many notable residents have lived here, including artist Francis Bacon, comedian Benny Hill, and Henry Cole, the inventor of the Christmas card. The Massachusetts mansion Maxwell lived in the Phippen-Smith house, in Manchester-by-the-Sea, Massachusetts with her CargoMetrics CEO Scott Borgerson. The couple, who married in 2016, lived here for a short time before her arrest. The sprawling white clapboard home, set on a 40-acre estate called Sharksmouth around 30 miles from Boston, boasts 5,584-square-foot, with seven bedrooms and seven bathrooms. Borgerson renovated the property considerably after purchasing it, changing the layout of the home and replacing the original windows. The 1.5-acre Phippen-Smith property is close to the stunning coastline, near Graves Island, and from a spacious terrace the sea can be admired. The property has been valued at $7.295 million. The New Hampshire hideout Maxwell's last home before her arrest, and the place of her arrest at the hands of the FBI, lies in Bradford, New Hampshire. The property was bought for cash in 2019 by an anonymous buyer who paid $1,070,750. The four-bedroom home is 4,300 square feet and boasts an enormous 156 acres, enough room for a second five-room property for guests or staff. The open-plan home has wood beams, high cathedral ceilings, and a floor-to-ceiling granite fireplace, while the main bedroom enjoys an ensuite and walk-in closet. What's more, according to reports the home's large kitchen has a Viking range, two Wolf ovens, and a Sub Zero refrigerator. A large back porch looks out onto an idyllic country garden with a picturesque duck pond. FCI Tallahassee Maxwell is now living in FCI Tallahassee, a low-security prison in Florida, after being housed in the Metropolitan Detention Center in New York. The Federal Correctional Institution, Tallahassee has a capacity of 812 inmates. Other notable inmates include the infamous Colleen LaRose, also known as Jihad Jane, eco-terrorist Chelsea Gerlach, and nursing home serial killer Catherine May Wood. A one-bedroom house in Capital Circle rents for around $1,034 a month according to ApartmentFinder.com.