Mr Scobie goes onto describe Harry as a story all of his own, one "that, for 38 years, people have not been able to get enough of". However, now the story is telling their story, the ground appears to be shaking beneath the foundations of the monarchy as this generation entrenches itself further. Harry and Meghan are on one side and on the other are William, Kate, Charles and Camilla. The same divide is seen in how the public have reacted with younger generations favouring Harry and Meghan over the proverbial old guard. However, far from being groundbreaking, Harry's book follows in the footsteps of his parents. READ MORE: Harry’s ‘betrayed’ claims doubted by broadcaster Dan Wootton   Both Charles and Diana released their own biographies 30 years ago in what was dubbed 'The War of the Waleses'. In the case of Diana, she spoke extensively to journalist Andrew Morton in 1992 for the book Diana: Her True Story while Charles conducted a similar exercise with Jonathan Dimbleby in 1994. Both covered why the relationship broke down and each took a view point on what had happened. Furthermore, in both cases, each book drew battle lines and shook the foundations of the monarchy. Seen in this context, Harry's Spare isn't groundbreaking, it's following a family tradition.   Harry and William are not the first royal brothers to have their differences.  Their great-grandfather and great-uncle King George VI and Edward VIII, were also very different characters and not the most harmonious pair. Edward the heir abdicated the throne in December 1936 amid tensions over his partner Wallis Simpson. It was then, after the departure of the controversial monarch, that the 'spare' George VI took over and changed the course of royal history forever.   Although family divides are nothing new within the UK's most famous family, what Harry and William have that the others don't is that the magnifying glass under which they sit is so much brighter. Social media means the battleground is much wider and the ability to entrench oneself in a side is so much easier. Furthermore, there will no doubt be questions about Harry's presence at his father's coronation due to happen in May. Even if Harry is invited, there are doubts whether he will acccept. All that and more could depend on whether Harry has any spare ammunition left to fire off between now and the Coronation in the Spring.