Mrs Browns Boys made a return for the second time on New Year's Day with another special episode for its fans. The episode was shown after the return of the crime series Happy Valley which viewers were highly anticipating. However, some were left unimpressed with the episode and took to their Twitter to detail the moment they "switched off". The second episode, titled Mammy's Hair Loom, saw Agnes Brown (played by Brendan O'Carrolll) waiting for the valuation of a vase which has been in the family for years. Meanwhile, Buster Brown (Danny O'Carroll) and Grandad Brown (Dermot O'Neill) were convinced that Cathy Brown's (Jennifer Gibney) new boyfriend was a vampire. However, many viewers were left disappointed and annoyed with the episode and took to their Twitter accounts to share their thoughts. @mrsgoggin commented: "A station of two halves. The absolutely brilliant #HappyValley followed by the dreadful #MrsBrownsBoys." READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau's Dick Strawbridge tells wife 'to go' Daniel Carry added: "To go from #HappyValley to the appallingly awful #MrsBrownsBoys is like going from eating caviar to shovelling s**t in your mouth." (sic) Trevor Bayfield fumed: "From the sublime #HappyValley to the utterly ridiculous #MrsBrownsBoys." Lesley Beatrice-Ann expressed: "Glad that the general public are finally cottoning on that @MrsBrownsBoys is unfunny, tired and well past its retirement date (a bit like Brendon himself!)" Martyn Notman claimed: "Just how many times is BBC going to keep flogging this dead donkey? #MrsBrownsBoys." However, some viewers seemed to love the show, with @lfc_backup praising: "This episode is already better than the Christmas Day episode #mrsbrownsboys." (sic) The Christmas episode, titled Shining Mammy, saw a last-minute change of plans leaving Agnes babysitting the widower’s twins. Whilst Cathy headed off to spend her first Christmas with her new boyfriend for a romantic drink, this is where the Vampire thoughts first began. The Christmas special also received backlash with many branding the show "unwatchable" and unhappy with the storylines and comedy DON'T MISS...Kaleidoscope takes Netflix viewers ‘out of their comfort zone’ [INSIGHT]Coronation Street's Todd Grimshaw exposes Esther and Mike's [LATEST]Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' downfall [WATCH] For fans who enjoyed the episodes over the Christmas period, they will be greeted with four new episodes in a mini-series. Brendan previously explained that filming was delayed due to the coronavirus pandemic and had a backlog of episodes which needed to be filmed. However, he explained to The Sun that the BBC were "adamant" to get four new episodes in and began to book out studios for the beginning of 2023. "It’s incredible that the BBC have nailed down such a special slot for Mrs Brown," the actor said before adding: "We’ve been doing it for nine years already which is six more than the Royle Family had and more than Morecambe and Wise. "This new deal we signed last week goes all the way to 2026, which means I will be able to grow into the part. "And we’ve a clause in which guarantees Mrs Brown is aired at 10pm on Christmas night, or else we don’t have to make it. "I wanted that because if it’s not good enough for Christmas Day, then we shouldn’t be making it." Mrs Brown's Boys is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.