Kate Garraway hosted Friday's instalment of Good Morning Britain alongside Adil Ray wearing a light pink corduroy dress to discuss the latest headlines. The bold outfit left ITV viewers distracted, with some likening the material to a "bedspread". The long-sleeved dress had a frilled collar and buttons down to Kate's waist. It flared out below her waist and the top half showed off her curvaceous figure as it was well-fitted. During Friday's instalment of the news programme, Adil highlighted how viewers had been commenting on the outfit all morning. One said it looked as though Kate was wearing a dressing gown, while others thought she suited the daring dress. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend confirms break from ITV soap Viewers took to social media to comment on Kate's bold ensemble, with Jane Abbott admitting: "@Gmb sorry @kategarraway your dress today reminds me of my nanna's candlewick bedspread." Danny O'Sullivan penned: "I just said to my husband about Kate's dress - it's not like her other lovely clothes." Jackie shared a picture of Norman Bates dressed up in his mother's clothing from the Alfred Hitchcock horror film Psycho and penned: "Sorry Kate!" Melanie added: "@GMB @kategarraway I’m getting the vibes of Yootha Joyce aka Mildred!"  Other viewers were complimentary of Kate's attire and mentioned her in their Twitter posts. Mo Mo shared: "@Kategarraway Don't listen, you look Fab-U-Lous, always." (sic) David Gray penned: "Kate, you could present the show dressed in an old potato sack and you will outshine the rest of them, what a difference in the show when you are on." During the programme, Kate claimed the Queen Consort Camilla was a fan of Good Morning Britain. DON'T MISS...GMB star Noel Phillips speaks out as attacker avoids prison time [UPDATE]Piers Morgan swipes at 'wokey' Susanna Reid over notorious GMB rows [LATEST]GMB fans fume over 'stupid' Crufts dog ban debate [INSIGHT]  "Camilla is a big fan of it, the Queen Consort, she told me," Kate told Adil. "She came to do a visit to the ITV building here and she watches ITV at breakfast," she revealed. A stunned Adil said: "Well if you would like to get in touch we will message you, Queen Consort. "Is she on Twitter? Maybe she's on TikTok?"   Kate quipped as she started dancing with her arms: "She might be on TikTok, she might be good at whatever [the latest dance] is." Adil used the moment as an opportunity to ask any famous viewers to "get in touch" with the Good Morning Britain team. "We'd love to hear from you, maybe you can come on and talk about today's news," he added. Good Morning Britain airs on weekdays between 6am and 9am on ITV and ITVX. 