This nation united in profound sympathy for the young prince when his mother died in tragic circumstances. Similarly, people from every walk of life admired his readiness to defend his country overseas, and there was genuine joy at his wedding to Meghan Markle. Alas, the Duke of Sussex is now gripped by a compulsion to spill Royal Family beans for a global audience. He has abandoned the discretion and dignity which defined his grandmother’s reign and instead seems determined to settle scores in public.  This may prove lucrative in the short-term but it will not result in healing or catharsis. True friends of this young dad should tell him to stop dropping bombshells. His multi-media onslaught can only exacerbate hurt and isolation. Almost all families experience times of conflict and heartache but ruptured relations can be restored. Prince William has wisely chosen to maintain a dignified silence, and it is now time for the Sussexes to abandon their narcissistic exercise in self-justification and brand management and instead focus on reconciliation. A rebuilding of family friendship is the best path to happiness for all concerned. This would delight the nation. In the meantime, Harry should take inspiration from Hippocrates and resolve to “do no harm”.   It is horrifying to hear a consultant in East Sussex describe how she has seen patients die before doctors can reach them. It is scandalous that it is not uncommon for up to 35 patients to be waiting on trolleys. There is the potential for the situation to get even worse this winter as departments run out of beds and oxygen. This is not the time for us to add to the mighty burdens on the shoulders of doctors and nurses unless we require urgent care.  BBC crime drama Happy Valley may be dark and gritty but tourists attracted by the enchanting scenery are flocking to Calderdale. More production companies now want to film in this West Yorkshire setting, and visitor numbers to Shibden Hall trebled after it was featured in Gentleman Jack, also written by Happy Valley’s Sally Wainwright. Local business owners will certainly be happy if more of us want to visit the scenes of fictional crimes. 