Jennie Bond joined Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster to discuss Prince Harry’s autobiography Spare hitting the bookshelves on Tuesday. A series of explosive claims had been leaked from the book after it was released a few days early in Spain. Royal expert Jennie hit out at Harry in particular over his accusations towards the Queen Consort Camilla. Eamonn began: “Where he is right Jennie…there’s a tax on the Queen Consort Camilla resulting in a headline today ‘Villain’ Camilla. “She did have a need to reinvent herself and to try and reconstruct her reputation in the eyes of the public. “That bit is right but what do you make of the further accusation that to do that she was leaking stories about him and Meghan.” “I wish he had some evidence of it,” Jennie replied. “In my experience of dealing with Camilla over the years that is certainly at variants with the woman I know a little bit. Read more: Eamonn Holmes 'can't walk' after operation made him 'fall down stairs' “I tried to get to know Camilla, I knew Harry’s mother Diana. I wrote to Diana and said, ‘Hey, can we chat?’ And she invited me to the palace and we got to know one another. “I wrote to Camilla and she said, ‘I’m so sorry I have no interest in cultivating a special relationship with any journalist’ and that was that, she shut me down. “So where he’s getting this from I really don’t know.” Jennie continued: “He’s tone deaf on Camilla as well. He said with that interview with Tom Bradby that his remarks about Camilla were not scathing. “I think opinions as well as recollections may vary on that.” Eamonn agreed: “Just to back up what you were saying the royal editor Katie Nicholl said exactly the same as you, that she had no evidence that Camilla wanted to form a special relationship or that she heard of badmouthing of Harry and Meghan.” Jennie suggested: “I did wonder if there’s one thing the palace could do which is issue that report into allegations that Meghan bullied her staff. “Either it’s true that she did or she has been vindicated.” DON'T MISSEamonn Holmes shares what he ‘really misses’ due to ‘mobility issues’ [INSIGHT]GB News viewer urges 'waste of space' Prince Harry to 'shut up' [INTERVIEW]Eamonn Holmes admits 'back issues not solved' as he returns to GB News [VIDEO] “I think the result of that, the transparency of putting that out in the open would be illuminating,” she claimed. “Perhaps they’re trying to protect her or perhaps they’re trying to protect themselves I have no idea. “But that could be a key perhaps to who’s mostly right and who’s mostly wrong in this saga.” In two interviews with British and US networks ITV and CBS, the Duke of Sussex spoke about his fallout with his family since marrying Meghan Markle. Speaking to Anderson Cooper for CBS’ 60 Minutes, Harry accused his step-mother Camilla of leaking stories to the British media. He claimed this was part of a campaign to “rehabilitate her image”. In a subsequent interview on Good Morning America on Monday, he said: “[Camilla’s] my stepmother. I don’t look at her as an evil stepmother. I see someone who married into this institution and has done everything that she can to improve her own reputation and her own image, for her own sake.” 