Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been warned they have become the most unpopular and distrusted couple in the modern history of the British Monarchy" over their "vicious campaign against the Royal Family". The couple sat down for an astonishing interview with Oprah Winfrey that sent shockwaves around the world - a year after the explosive fallout from the 'Megxit' crisis. Last month, Harry and Meghan's documentary series on Netflix premiered, which largely saw them complain about their treatment by the Royal Family and British press. The duke's hotly-anticipated book, Spare, which has gone on sale early in Spain, makes more stunning claims against the royals, while Buckingham Palace will be braced for his interviews on ITV and Good Morning America over the next 48 hours. The recent comments from the couple have led to a furious backlash in many quarters, with calls surging for them to be stripped of their Duke and Duchess of Sussex titles. Nile Gardiner, a Royal Family enthusiast and Washington-based foreign policy expert, tweeted: "Prince Harry and Meghan Markle do not deserve to carry Royal titles. "Their vicious campaign against the Royal Family is a betrayal of the British people. They have become the most unpopular and distrusted couple in the modern history of the British Monarchy." The Royal Family enthusiast has also warned Harry and Meghan's the latest "vicious attacks" are a "bridge too far" with the Royal Family, adding they have "completely destroyed any remaining goodwill there may have been among the British people". He told Express.co.uk: "From within Buckingham Palace, there will be a great deal of unhappiness and sadness in regards to Meghan Markle and Prince Harry. "I have no doubt the process for the eventual removal of their royal titles will now begin, especially for Meghan. This is a bridge too far for Meghan and Harry with the Royal Family - there's no turning back now from their latest vicious attacks. "They have spectacularly burnt whatever bridges remain with Buckingham Palace but significantly, they have completely destroyed any remaining goodwill there may have been among the British people." READ MORE: Prince Harry slammed by Caroline Flack's agent over 'gross' comments Harry and Meghan's popularity appears to have plummeted over recent weeks according to a new poll - and that taken before the release of the duke's bombshell book. Redfield and Wilton surveyed 1,500 adults for The Spectator at the end of November, which showed 45 percent had a "favourable" or "very favourable" view of Harry, compared to 29 percent who said it was "unfavourable" or "very unfavourable". At the beginning of January, only three in 10 (30 percent) said they had a "very favourable" or "favourable" view of Harry compared to 45 percent who thought the opposite. Less than two months ago, 36 per cent of the public had a positive view of Meghan versus 38 percent who thought negatively of her, but those figures have since plummeted to 23 percent and 52 percent respectively. DON'T MISSPrince Harry urged to speak to 'shrewd' Princess Anne for help [COMMENTS]Zara and Mike Tindall party with Chris Hemsworth and wife Elsa in Oz [PICTURES]Harry's royal revelations baffle Montecito neighbours [REACTION] During one of the earlier episodes in the Netflix documentary series, the duchess joked about having to curtsey to the late Queen after Harry recounted the conversation he had with his wife when he first introduced her to Her Majesty. In one clip, Harry made reference to "institutional gaslighting" before it cuts to Meghan telling the camera: "I wasn't being thrown to the wolves, I was being fed to the wolves." Meghan opened up about their move to the US and said: "Our security was being pulled. Everyone in the world knew where we were." Harry added: "I said, 'We need to get out of here'." Harry alleged Kensington Palace "lied to protect" Prince William when it issued a joint statement in both their names the same day which he claims was without his permission, denying a story his brother had bullied him out of the Royal Family. The duke also claimed his brother left him terrified when he screamed and shouted at him, while the Duke also accused his father King Charles of saying untrue things when the Queen gathered them together at Sandringham in January 2020 to solve the 'Megxit' crisis. One extract from Harry's new book sees him reportedly claim he was physically assaulted by Prince William in an argument over his marriage to Meghan Markle, with the Prince of Wales allegedly grabbing him and ripping his necklace before knocking him to the floor. The Duke of Sussex also claims "Willy" called Meghan "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive". He claims that he and William told their father Charles they would welcome the now-Queen Consort into the family but only if he didn't marry her. Harry alleges his father did not respond to their pleas. The King also reportedly refused to allow Meghan to join him at Balmoral as The Queen was dying in September with Harry telling his father: "Don't ever speak about my wife that way," according to The Daily Telegraph.