Iconic hitmaker, Elton John, 75, was invited to appear on Capital Breakfast alongside hosts Roman Kemp, Sonny Jay, and Sian Welby. The trio heard the Rocket Man singer, attempting to pronounce their names before going on air but he botched it every time. Capital Breakfast host Sonny opened up about the moment, revealing the studio crew were "wetting themselves with laughter". He explained: “He [Elton] is such a sweet man, but there was a moment when he didn’t realise that we were able to hear him, and it was just before we were going to start speaking to him. "Whoever was sitting next to him was [telling him], ‘It’s Roman, Sonny, and Sian,’ and he’s going, ‘Ronan’, as in Ronan Keating, ‘Sammy’ and just like ‘Sean’. "We were wetting ourselves thinking, if he comes on and says Roman, Sammy, and Sean, this is going to be the best interview ever." READ MORE: Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show Sonny, who is leaving the Breakfast show for Capital radio’s late show, also revealed no one in the studio had any intention of correcting the Don't Go Breaking My Heart singer. He told the Daily Star: "I’m not gonna go, ‘Actually mate it’s Sonny.' "Do you know what I mean? Just let him do it." The DJ likened the gaffe to a senior moment and described the blunder as a generational error.  He said: “It just reminded me of when you introduce your nan to someone and they can’t get your name right." The on-air gaffe comes weeks after it was revealed the Candle in the Wind singer refused to sing the classic song at Princess Diana’s memorial. In his explosive memoir Spare, The Duke of Sussex said the songwriter turned down his request and described singing the song at the memorial as "too macabre". The singer maintains a strong bond with both Prince Harry and Prince William after their mother's death and also had a close friendship with their mother the Princess of Wales. DON'T MISS: Outlander's Steven Cree on returning without Laura Donnelly  [LATEST] Ulrika Jonsson battles Davina McCall over middle aged Love Island [LATEST] Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'amazing' writer Sally Wainwright [INSIGHT] Sir Elton performed an emotional re-written version of the song which was originally dedicated to Hollywood starlet Marilyn Monroe at Diana’s funeral in 1997. The rewritten version was released after her funeral as a tribute single to the late Princess and the global proceeds of the track to this day are still going to Diana's favourite charities. However, it wasn't a full-on snub as in the book Harry said the singer chose the track Your Song to perform at his mother's funeral instead. The megastar is famed for not using a teleprompter when performing live, but for the Princesses' funeral, he insisted on using one as he didn’t want to mess up his performance. In his autobiography, Me, the award-winning singer explained he was petrified at the thought of singing the wrong version of the song at the funeral. He wrote: “It wasn’t suffering from stage fright. What if I went into autopilot and sang the wrong version? "Up until then, I’d been against their use. Partly because it seemed antithetical to rock and roll’s spontaneous spirit. “I’m pretty sure Little Richard wasn’t reading off an Autocue when he recorded Long Tall Sally — and partly because I just thought: Come on, do your job properly.”