Coronation Street businessman Stephen Reid (played by Todd Boyce) has been on edge ever since Teddy Thompkins (Grant Burgin) recovered from his car crash. When Teddy was unconscious, Stephen unexpectantly confessed to the killing of Teddy's son, Leo (Joe Frost). He was set to pull the plug on Teddy's life support but was interrupted by Jenny Connor (Sally Ann Matthews). Teddy has been adamant about finding his son and had planned to fly to Canada in a bid to find him. However, in Friday's instalment, Stephen tried to convince Teddy not to go as he knew Leo wouldn't be in Canada. Things later came to a head when Teddy confronted Stephen in the factory about Leo's disappearance. It appeared Teddy had remembered everything and accused Stephen of murdering his son. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan Although, after threatening to go to the police, Stephen hit Teddy on the back of the head, suspecting he had killed him. "What have you done to my son?" Teddy fumed as Stephen denied: "I haven't done anything to Leo. "I did lie about you seeing him in Canada because I wanted you to have closure. "He doesn't care about you. He ignored your messages. I was hoping to spare you more heartache." "I don't buy this anymore," Teddy hit back. "The text I got from him was sent from here. "Why would he say he was in Canada when he wasn't, it doesn't make any sense. "So I think someone else sent it, I think [that] someone else has to be you." As Stephen protested his innocence, Teddy didn't believe it and he began to get angrier. DON'T MISS...NCIS Los Angeles cancelled after 14 seasons [INSIGHT]Emmerdale double exit as Jeff Hordley speaks out on Cain 'killing' [SPOILERS]Coronation Street's Fiz Stape 'to disappear' as Jennie McAlpine exits [VIDEO] "I think you got rid of Teddy so you could get your claws into Jenny," he said. "You're a liar. "I think you killed Leo and I am going to prove it. Let's see what the police have to say." After hitting Teddy, Stephen panicked and placed his body in a car luggage carrier, which he placed on top of Audrey Robert's (Sue Nicholls) car. However, after being distracted by Sally, Audrey took her car and went up to the Peak District, much to Stephen's horror. If Teddy is still alive, he could end up alerting Audrey and Stephen's murderous ways could finally be exposed. Fans have taken to social media to share their thoughts on Stephen's upcoming storyline, and many think Teddy isn't dead.  Taking to a soap fan Facebook page, Diane Harvey theorised: "I don’t think he’s dead, I know Steven panicked because he couldn’t find a pulse but he was too hasty, I reckon he missed it. I have visions of him knocking on the base of the box, Audrey panics, calls the police and he gets found and then Steven is arrested." (sic) Mark Harding said on Twitter: "Would love love love if Teddy is alive in that rooftop box, extricates himself, and gives Audrey a fright in the Peaks." Niall Horan predicted: "Calling it! Teddy’s alive and Audrey is going to get the shock of her life when he bangs on the box! It’s all starting to unravel for Stephen - not before time!!" (sic) Gretta Ryan replied: "I would love to see that happening, Audrey can be so dramatic it would be funny." "I hope so," Jenny went on to comment. "Sorry, did Stephen want Teddy to be alive there? Cry me a river," Elizabeth Bonner tweeted. Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm on ITV.