Regularly brushing and flossing your teeth is key when it comes to good oral hygiene. It prevents issues like tooth decay and gum disease. But now a new study has shown it could even help protect your heart. Research by a team from Hiroshima University in Japan found a significant correlation between gum and heart health. From a study of 76 participants with cardiac disease they established a link between periodontitis, a severe gum infection, and atrial fibrosis. Atrial fibrosis is scarring to an appendage of the heart's left atrium that can lead to an irregular heartbeat called atrial fibrillation. This is a condition that causes an irregular and often abnormally fast heart rate.  READ MORE: Dr Mosley shares 'gentle' movement to help your brain 'function better' - 'Easy to do' People with atrial fibrillation have a higher risk of strokes and even heart failure, both of which can be fatal. Speaking in Science Daily, first study author Shunsuke Miyauchi, explained: “Periodontitis is associated with a long-standing inflammation, and inflammation plays a key role in atrial fibrosis progression and atrial fibrillation pathogenesis. "We hypothesised that periodontitis exacerbates atrial fibrosis. “This histological study of left atrial appendages aimed to clarify the relationship between clinical periodontitis status and degree of atrial fibrosis."   As part of the research, the left atrial appendages were surgically removed from the patients. Scientists then analysed the tissue to establish the correlation between severity of the atrial fibrosis and severity of the gum disease. It was discovered that the worse the periodontitis was, the worse the fibrosis was, suggesting that the inflammation of gums may intensify inflammation and disease in the heart. "This study provides basic evidence that periodontitis can aggravate atrial fibrosis and can be a novel modifiable risk factor for atrial fibrillation," said corresponding author Yukiko Nakano.  READ MORE: Three drinks that can help you fall asleep and boost sleep quality Ms Nakano believed that good gum care could therefore help atrial fibrillation management in the same way that improving other risk factors such as weight, activity levels, tobacco and alcohol use does. However, she added: "Further evidence is required for establishing that periodontitis contributes to the atrial fibrosis in a causal manner and that periodontal care can alter fibrosis. "One of our goals is to confirm that periodontitis is a modifiable risk factor for atrial fibrillation and to promote dental specialists' participation in comprehensive atrial fibrillation management. “Periodontitis is an easy modifiable target with lower cost among known atrial fibrillation risk factors.  “Thus, the achievement of this study series may bring benefits for many people worldwide." Factors that can increase the risk of periodontitis include: Symptoms of the condition include: Brushing your teeth twice a day and attending regular dental appointments can help prevent periodontitis. 