Helen Skelton, 39, is currently travelling across the UK with her Strictly Come Dancing co-stars for the live tour, with the group enjoying a night out in Leeds on Friday. However, it has been reported the Countryfile star was left "shocked" and "running for cover" as the group stumbled across a street fight where "bottles were thrown". Helen had been enjoying a night in the West Yorkshire city with her co-stars, who are currently performing for fans in various UK cities. However, things turned sour when a man appeared to launch a bottle in Helen's direction, leaving her to seek refuge in an alleyway alongside her pals, with images being obtained by The Sun. Helen was out with a Strictly backing dancer, alongside Ellie Simmonds, Tyler West, Molly Rainford and Neil Jones. In the snaps, Helen could be seen looking visibly shocked with the bottle very close to her feet following the incident. READ MORE: Stacey Solomon left tearful as she finally announces baby's gender Helen reportedly sheltered in an alleyway until police arrived and arrested a male suspect shortly before 3 am, with Molly and Tyler West rushing to comfort her. A source told The Sun of the incident: "Helen and her co-stars were walking home when they stumbled on a brutal fight which saw a bottle being thrown. "Helen was shocked at the violence in front of her, but was pleased the police were on hand." They added: "Two groups of lads were fighting and bottles and glasses went flying, none of the Strictly people was involved in the fighting, they were innocent passers-by caught up in it." West Yorkshire Police also confirmed the situation in a statement, which read: "At 2.56 am on Friday, police were called to a report of a fight involving a group of males in Duncan Street and Call Lane in Leeds city centre. "Officers attended and arrested a man on suspicion of affray. "He remains in custody and enquiries are ongoing. There were no reports of any injuries." Express.co.uk has contacted Helen Skelton's representatives for comment. Helen is currently taking part in the Strictly live tour alongside Kai Widdrington, with the pair lifting the Glitterball trophy on the first night. DON'T MISS... Monty Don and wife Sarah’s financial struggles made him ‘loony’ [INSIGHT] Tom Verlaine dies at 73 as ex Patti Smith's daughter shares sad news [DEATH] George Clooney opens up about Bell's palsy diagnosis [HOLLYWOOD]  The tour runs until the end of May, visiting cities such as London, Newcastle, Birmingham, Sheffield and Belfast. Her original dance partner, Gorka Marquez, did not participate in the live tour as he wanted to spend more time with his fiancée, Gemma Atkinson, and their daughter. Gemma also announced in recent weeks that she and Gorka are expecting their second child. Helen is also mother to sons Ernie, seven, and Louis, five, with Richie Myler, 32, whom she split from in April 2022 following a nine-year marriage. He called it quits on their marriage four months after she gave birth to their third child, Elsie Kate. Helen was recently pictured enjoying a night out also with fellow Strictly stars Janette Manrara and Dianne Buswell. Janette took to Instagram to post several mirror selfies from the evening while also sharing pictures of the group posing in front of a Barbie sign. Helen looked great in a pair of tight fitting leather pants and a floral red blouse, while Dianne posed in a black mini-dress, showing off her endless pins. She also shared a picture of her Gorka's latest reunion alongside Kai, captioning the snap: "I thought we were catching up... They started to give me notes @gorka_marquez @kaiwidd @strictlycomedancinglive."