Alan Cumming announced on Friday that he has handed back his OBE to mark his 58th birthday. in a statement shared to Instagram, the actor said: "Today is my 58th birthday and I want to tell you about something I recently did for myself. I returned my OBE. "14 years ago, I was incredibly grateful to receive it in the 2009 Queen’s Birthday Honours list, for it was awarded not just for my job as an actor but ‘for activism for equal rights for the gay and lesbian community, USA’. "Back then the Defence of Marriage Act ensured that same sex couples couldn’t get married or enjoy the same basic legal rights as straight people, and Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell ensured that openly gay, lesbian or bisexual people were barred from serving in the military. (Incidentally both these policies were instituted by the Clinton administration)." Alan explained that he was "shocked and delighted" to receive the honour from Princess Anne at the time. The Scottish actor, who has also been a United States citizen since 2008, thanked the Queen and those who make up her Birthday Honours list for "bringing attention to the inaction of the US government on this issue". READ MORE:Sopranos' John Ventimiglia 'heartbroken' as daughter Odele dies at 25 He had said that the award made him "very proud to be British and galvanised as an American". However, Alan now says that his feelings have changed following Queen Elizabeth's death and increased conversations about the monarchy and the British Empire. He continued today: "The Queen’s death and the ensuing conversations about the role of monarchy and especially the way the British Empire profited at the expense (and death) of indigenous peoples across the world really opened my eyes. "Also, thankfully, times and laws in the US have changed, and the great good the award brought to the LGBTQ+ cause back in 2009 is now less potent than the misgivings I have being associated with the toxicity of empire (OBE stands for Officer of the British Empire).  "So I returned my award, explained my reasons and reiterated my great gratitude for being given it in the first place. I’m now back to being plain old Alan Cumming again. Happy birthday to me!" Alan's post was quickly flooded with comments from his friends and fans. Actress Julie Graham said: "Happy Birthday beautiful. Couldn’t love you more." Filmmaker Daniel Sea echoed: "I am very proud of you and to call you my friend Alan. You set a really great example here. Happy birthday!!!" DON'T MISSRobert Rinder 'unrecognisable' after break with Carol Vorderman[INSIGHT]Stacey Solomon left tearful as she finally announces baby's gender[LATEST]Denise Welch hits back as viewer says 'enough is enough'[NEWS]  While Keith Lemon simply said: "Happy birthday." Alan's Prodigal Son co-star Michael Sheen also returned his OBE in 2017 after being awarded it in 2009 for services to drama. Michael said that although he was "incredibly honoured" to have received it, he wanted to air his views about the monarchy without being a "hypocrite". He told Owen Jones in 2020: "I just realised I'd be a hypocrite if I said the things I was going to say in the lecture about the nature of the relationship between Wales and the British state." John Lennon also returned his MBE in 1969. He reportedly wrote to the Queen: "Your Majesty, I am returning my MBE as a protest against Britain’s involvement in the Nigeria-Biafra thing, against our support of America in Vietnam and against ‘Cold Turkey’ slipping down the charts. With love. John Lennon of Bag." Other stars who have rejected honours include David Bowie, John Cleese, George Harrison and Stephen Hawking.