   Jennie McAlpine, 38, has opened up about her third pregnancy, after confirming she is now six months along. The Coronation Street actress also suggested that she would be picking another baby name inspired by the popular ITV soap in an interview with OK! Magazine.      Jennie is best known for playing Fiz Brown on Corrie, which she has been acting in since 2001. The soon-to-be mother of three also has a habit of naming her children after characters on the show. The soap star shares two children with husband Chris Farr, who is a restaurant manager. So far, the pair have welcomed eight-year-old son Albert and four-year-old daughter Hilda. READ MORE: Cliff Richard's agony as friend who lived with him for 30 years dies     Jennie has since proudly showed off her new baby bump, it looks like she is set to choose another sweet name inspired by her soap career. Opening up on potential names for the new arrival, Jennie admitted she doesn't think she'll be able to avoid another Corrie-linked moniker. She recalled how daughter Hilda's name had already been on her mind, but admitted that she was glad for it to be a nod to one of the show's iconic characters. She spoke in reference to series regular Hilda Ogden, who was played by the late Jean Alexander between 1964 and 1987.     Asked whether she will once again be paying tribute to the show with her next baby name, she replied: "I can probably guarantee that whatever the name we choose, it will have been a character in Corrie – I don’t know how to avoid it!" Jennie described how she and her husband were "really thrilled" by the news but confessed her kids weren't "fully surprised". The star explained how the happy news had been the best Christmas gift she could have imagined, remembering the moment she realised she was expecting again. She revealed that she and her husband took their kids on a camping trip and that, once they got there, she began to feel nauseous. READ MORE... Bill Bailey claims Jeremy Clarkson 'deserved kicking' over Meghan [NEWS] Jilly Johnson says Rolling Stone legend helped her start knitting [LATEST] Ireland Baldwin announces she’s pregnant with first child [BREAKING]     Jennie remembered experiencing similar symptoms in her previous pregnancies, so she decided to take a test. As it turns out, she was right - and the star was thrilled to discover she was about five weeks pregnant. "It just feels really nice. We’re so over the moon,” she said. “The thought of adding to our family mix and chaos was the best Christmas present! I’m really excited for 2023 – it’ll be a special one."      Aside from her long stint on Corrie, Jennie has also starred in a number of reality shows over the years. In 2017, she appeared in I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! and placed fourth, with Made In Chelsea’s Georgia Toffolo going on to win the series. She has also appeared as a guest panellist on Loose Women and has starred in three episodes of Emmerdale. Coronation Street returns tonight at 8pm on ITV.   