Prince Harry went to his therapist first after an alleged physical assault by Prince William, not his wife Meghan, a leak from his new book claims to reveal. In an incendiary first glimpse at Prince Harry’s upcoming book, "Spare", the Duke claims the Prince of Wales attacked him - but he did not tell the Duchess until she noticed the “bruises”. Meghan was left “terribly sad” by the exchange, the leaked excerpt from the book claims to reveal, according to the Guardian. In their argument, Harry says he accused William of repeating press narratives surrounding Meghan, which he responded to by “shouting”. The Duke then offered William a glass of water, but he says this was rejected, and the Prince of Wales “set down the water” before “coming at” Harry. Harry said: “He grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor. “I landed on the dog’s bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me. I lay there for a moment, dazed, then got to my feet and told him to get out.” He went on to claim that William urged him not to tell his wife, with the Prince of Wales allegedly saying: “You don’t need to tell Meg about this.” The Duke did not then go to tell his wife, and said he first spoke to his therapist. However, when she did see the “scrapes and bruises” on his back, and he told her about the alleged assault, her response was not one of anger. Harry wrote that she “wasn’t that surprised, and wasn’t all that angry. READ MORE: Harry decision to 'drag' William into Nazi costume scandal 'strange' [REVEAL] “She was terribly sad.” The new book will be released next Tuesday. Sources have already claimed that Kate and William will be hit the hardest by its release - and these latest revelations appear to support this. Two TV interviews with Prince Harry will also be aired this weekend ahead of the book’s release. Promoting the book, the publisher writes: "It was one of the most searing images of the twentieth century: two young boys, two princes, walking behind their mother’s coffin as the world watched in sorrow—and horror. DON'T MISS: WATCH William joke he’d ‘obviously’ win in a fight against Harry [REVEAL]GB News uproar over claims Meghan and Harry ‘milking Diana’s legacy’ [INSIGHT]World holds breath for William's response after explosive Harry claim [ANALYSIS] "As Diana, Princess of Wales, was laid to rest, billions wondered what the princes must be thinking and feeling—and how their lives would play out from that point on. For Harry, this is that story at last. "With its raw, unflinching honesty, Spare is a landmark publication full of insight, revelation, self-examination, and hard-won wisdom about the eternal power of love over grief." Express.co.uk has contacted Kensington Palace for comment.