Leaseholders will benefit from new rules set out by Michael Gove to hold landlords accountable for repairs required to maintain the safety of buildings. After admitting that "faulty" Government guidance played a part in the events which led to the Grenfell Tower fire in 2017, the Levelling Up Secretary revealed his plans to make those "responsible for erecting buildings" which are now deemed "unsafe, foot the bill. Here are the changes expected to be made to the leasehold system as a result. As the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, Michael Gove has committed to redesigning the "outdated, feudal" leasehold system of ownership for almost five million homes by the next general election. Leasehold is a form of home ownership that gives the leaseholder the exclusive right to live in a property for a fixed number of years, known as the term. He acknowledged that the current system leaves leaseholders out of pocket with little to show for it, stating: "In crude terms, if you buy a flat, that should be yours. "You shouldn't be on the hook for charges that managing agents and other people can land you with which are gouging." READ MORE: ‘Foolproof’ cleaning method to keep Venetian blinds ‘spotless’ His pledge follows a previous statement in the Sunday Times that saw the minister elaborate on the admission that the Grenfell tragedy had occurred because of "faulty" Government guidance, which had allowed "unscrupulous people to exploit a broken system". Gove told Sky News that the department wants to introduce legislation in the final parliamentary sessions of this calendar year to change the leasehold system. He explained: "It’s not easy in legal terms because you’ve got a tangle of deals going back hundreds of years – unstitching all of that is difficult – but the fundamental thing is that a leasehold is an unfair form of property ownership. It is an outdated feudal system that needs to go." Work on reforming the current system has already started, with one example being the Ground Rent Act 2022. According to a legal expert at Hill Dickinson, the new legislation was the first step in the government reform package that aims to create a fairer housing system and levelling up opportunities for more people.  DON'T MISS:Most affordable places to buy property in the UK mapped [LATEST]'Beautiful place to live' The best town to retire to in the UK [INSIGHT]Kamala Harris' $5m home near Gwyneth Paltrow where homes average $2.5m [REVEAL] It means that any ground rent cannot be charged at more than one peppercorn per year (which effectively sets the rate to nil). Today, the government imposed a new six-week deadline forcing developers to sign a contract committing them to fix unsafe tower blocks, or risk being banned from building new properties. According to gov.uk, the legislation will be brought forward in the spring giving the Secretary of State powers to prevent developers from operating freely in the housing market if they fail to sign and comply with the remediation contract. The legally binding contracts will protect thousands of leaseholders living in hundreds of buildings across England. READ MORE: Get 'sparkling' oven racks without 'heavy scrubbing' The Government website stated: "These innocent households would otherwise face costly repairs for serious safety defects, including non-cladding related issues. "Under the contract, developers will commit an estimated £2billion or more for repairs to buildings they developed or refurbished over the past 30 years." Together with the Building Safety Levy, the industry is directly paying an estimated £5billion to make their buildings safe. It's not just leaseholders that will benefit from the change. The contract also required developers to reimburse taxpayers in instances where public money has been used to fix unsafe buildings.  Dean Finch, Group Chief Executive at Persimmon, one of the UK's largest house builders said: "Persimmon was proud to lead the industry two years ago with our original pledge to protect leaseholders. Since then, we have been making good progress on remediation and aim to be on-site on all developments by the end of the year. "The publication of the developer remediation contract is the culmination of many months of hard work on all sides and we are pleased to confirm our intention to sign the final document in the near future, becoming the first developer to do so." While the focus on such contracts has a strong focus on the failures which led to the Grenfell fire, Michael Gove noted that he believes the responsibility goes back to before the Conservatives came into power in 2010. The Grenfell Tower inquiry, which will report its findings later this year, is likely to attribute blame to both the Government and developers. 