Following a week of freezing temperatures, ice and snow, many drivers are still dealing with cold weather, and many will wake up to frosted windscreens and windows before they set off. A common trick for many drivers is to fill a sandwich bag with warm water and drag it across their frosted windows. One driver, who goes by @roosterinsurance on TikTok, urged drivers to give the trick a go to clear frost and ice from their own windscreens. He urged drivers never to go for the kettle and use boiling water to melt ice as this could make things worse. The insurance expert said: “Don't ever pour boiling water down your windscreen unless you want [it to crack]. “Make sure you're not using your windscreen wipers as they can get damaged if you turn them on while there's ice or snow on your windscreen. READ MORE: 'Reincarnation of a classic' Volkswagen ID Buzz wins Car of the Year “If you take a bag full of warm water, make sure it's warm and not boiling and rub it on the windscreen. That will take off a thin layer of ice or snow. “Honestly, the best thing to do is just to wake up on time, turn on your car heater and let the car warm up gradually.” Make sure to continuously move the bag over your screen, being careful not to leave it sitting on one spot for too long. However, while these may be quick fixes, the car insurance expert said that patience is the absolute "best" method. DON'T MISSElectric car running costs rising as fuel prices plummet [WARNING]Two-year MOT tests would be 'disastrous' and put lives at risk [SHOCKING]Inside the car collection of Dragons' Den investor Steven Bartlett [STUNNING] Viewers of the TikTok clip agreed that the tip works well, although some were quick to suggest other methods, like using a scraper. In some extreme cases, boiling water could cause the windscreen to crack, with one in five admitting to using this method, according to Halfords. Even pouring lukewarm water can cause car windows to crack, especially if they are already chipped. Using warm water, drivers should fill a sandwich bag or ziplock bag over their windscreen to remove the frost and ice, and it should just take a matter of seconds. READ MORE: Drivers warned of major £2,500 fine for not clearing windscreen frost The trick went viral on TikTok thanks to thousands of drivers searching for cheap, easy and quick ways to clear their windows in the morning. The tip requires very little preparation and has no cost compared to other more expensive homemade solutions. Experts are also warning drivers when using de-icers and how using the wrong one could be a costly mistake. Alex Booth, founder of FaultCode.co, said: “Nobody enjoys scraping ice off their windscreen at silly o’clock in the morning just so that they can get to work and, in the winter months, a de-icer is essential for getting us on the road as quickly as possible. “Unfortunately, choosing the wrong product for your car can send your bank account into a deep freeze.” They said when choosing a de-icer for their car, a good rule of thumb is to look for those which contain rock salt (sodium chloride) and/or calcium chloride. These natural ingredients are ideal for quickly removing ice and frost from their car without damaging the glass or paintwork. Motorists can find products containing these ingredients in most hardware and vehicle stores as well as online. They added: “Some de-icer products contain chemicals such as ammonium nitrate, carbamide, potassium chloride and magnesium chloride and these should be avoided at all costs as they are not suitable for cars. “Although these might be effective at defrosting your vehicle, they may also land you with a large bodywork bill as these chemicals can corrode your glass and paintwork as well as be harmful to the environment.”