Liverpool have been warned that they may have to pay up to £76million for Wolves star Matheus Nunes, as Jurgen Klopp is hoping to bolster his midfield options. There have been reports that the Portuguese midfielder could be set for a move to Anfield in the summer, just a year on from his arrival in the Premier League. A report from The Telegraph claimed that following Liverpool’s interest in signing Nunes in the summer, an agreement had been found that Wolves would take the midfielder to Molineux for £38m where he would spend a year at the club. The Reds then have an arrangement to sign Nunes this summer for £44m, as they look to fix some of their midfield woes. However, ex-Liverpool defender Glen Johnson has warned the Reds that Wolves are unlikely to sell Nunes for just a £6m profit, and they may have to pay twice the fee that the Midlands club felt he was worth just a few months ago. “It’s hard to believe that Wolves would sell one of their main men for a £6 million profit,” Johnson told Betfred. “If Liverpool offered Wolves double what they paid for him then they’d probably usher him out of the door. I think Wolves would certainly hold out for more money, but I definitely believe he’s a good player and he’s caught the eye of many clubs.” Nunes has made 15 Premier League appearances for Wolves so far this campaign, and boss Julen Lopetegui poured cold water on rumours linking him with a move away from the club. “We can say that Matheus is our player. He’s a Wolves player and he’s so happy here,” the Spaniard said in response to the rumours. Liverpool do have plans to improve their midfield, as they are currently sitting in sixth place in the table and while injuries have further hampered the Reds, they have been called to reinforce in the midfield area and club icon Jamie Carragher has previously claimed that additional signings beyond England World Cup star Jude Bellingham are necessary. DON'T MISSArsenal can target three other Barcelona players after Eric GarciaChelsea could sign Joao Felix permanently as possible swap presents itselfRonaldo's girlfriend has strict Saudi rules to follow with ban on public eating A further issue for Liverpool as they may be forced to pay £32m extra than previously thought for Nunes, is that they reportedly face competition from Chelsea for the 24-year-old. There are rumours that Graham Potter’s side are keeping tabs on the Portugal international, as they are also attempting to reinforce their midfield. Chelsea have recently walked away from negotiations with Benfica for Enzo Fernandez, as they were reluctant to pay the Argentine’s £103m release clause and may see Nunes as a cheaper alternative to the World Cup winner, though they and Liverpool may be forced to spend a large chunk of their summer budget on the Wolves man if they wish to sign him at the end of the season.