A four-year-old boy’s family has been left devastated after his sore neck turned out to be a rare and aggressive form of cancer. Jaxon Garvey was diagnosed with multiple brain tumours on Christmas Day, after being admitted to Manchester Children's Hospital two days earlier.    This came as a massive shock to his family because the only symptom his parents had noticed before this was that at the start of December he had complained of a sore neck.   His parents, Melissa Roberts and Callam Garvey, decided to take him to A&E as a precaution when his pain got worse.   A blood test was done and the result came back clear so they believed there wasn’t anything to worry about.   But, just hours after receiving the result, Jaxon lost his ability to walk properly and so was referred for an MRI scan. His parents received the heart-breaking results on December 25 last year.   Doctors are still not 100 percent sure what type of cancer has caused the tumours on his brain.   But they have referred him for chemotherapy to start immediately as they believe it is a rare and aggressive form so needs to be fought swiftly.   Speaking to the Manchester Evening News, Melissa's sister, Ashley Roberts said: "We are all just devastated. Melissa and Callam also have a nine-month-old baby boy but haven't left Jaxon's side.   "Three weeks before they went to A&E he started complaining of a sore neck.   “That turned into crying and then screaming so we took him to hospital on December 23.   "He was seen by the doctors there who did some blood tests which came back clear.   "We were hopeful that everything was okay but as we were waiting to see the paediatrician which we thought was just a precaution.   "But then we noticed that he had lost his ability to walk properly.   "Doctors looked at the way he was walking and wanted to do an MRI scan. They kept us in until the results came back." READ MORE: Sturgeon forced to instantly U-turn on BBC interview after backlash    The results came back on Christmas Day, and confirmed that Jaxon had several tumours. Ashley added: "They did a biopsy and tried to remove what they could.   “His first 11-and-a-half hour surgery took place and they removed 95 percent of three of the four tumours.   "All they can tell us at the moment is that it’s a very rare and aggressive type of cancer but they can’t tell us for sure what cancer it is.   "They don’t want to wait any longer for the results and we’re starting chemotherapy straight away."   Ashley has since set up a GoFundMe page to help support Jaxon's parents financially, and so they can afford to take as much time off work as they need to be with him. DON'T MISS UK set for two energy bill drops with first one in weeks [ANALYSIS]Men confronted with crippling symptoms amid 'male menopause' epidemic [REVEALED]BBC bias row as viewers fume at 'unbalanced' Kuenssberg panel [REPORT]   She added: "Melissa was due to go back to work after her maternity leave in January but she hasn’t been able to go back and neither has Callam. "The length of time Jaxon might be in the hospital is definitely up in the air at the moment. It’s very difficult because someone needs to look after their baby whilst they are in the hospital.   "His parents have not left since before Christmas. They have got a room at Ronald McDonald house. Finley has been able to visit them but not as much as they would like.   "Although it isn’t known what lies ahead for Jaxon and his treatment, we want to raise money to help take away any financial worries for his family at this unimaginably difficult time."    