Rising bills and inflation are hitting families hard, and many low-income individuals are struggling to make ends meet. In efforts to help, the Government has announced a new round of support measures designed to help those with a low income. These individuals will get up to £1,350 from the Government from spring 2023 onwards. A new £900 cash boost for over eight million eligible means-tested benefit claimants has been unveiled. This will include Britons on Universal Credit, Pension Credit and tax credits. The £900 boost will be split into three payments over the course of the financial year, and go straight to bank accounts without the need to claim. READ MORE: Expat pensioners affected in 2023 - state pension, NHS and more In addition, there will be a separate £150 payment made to over six million disabled people. Pensioners can expect to receive £300 on top of their Winter Fuel Payments, according to the DWP. The Department is set to announce exact payment windows closer to the time. However, these will be spread across a longer period to ensure “consistent support offering throughout the year”. DON'T MISSPension ’tax trap’ could befall Britons in 2023 [ANALYSIS]State pension triple lock has ‘high price tag’ in 2023 [INSIGHT]Britons urged to follow six key tips to save money from January 2023 [UPDATE] Britons can expect the following: Chancellor Jeremy Hunt said: “I know these are tough times for families across the UK who are struggling to meet rising food and energy costs, driven by the aftershocks of COVID-19 and Putin’s war in Ukraine. “That’s why we’re putting a further £900 into the pockets of over eight million low income households next year. “These payments are on top of above inflation increases to working-age benefits and the Energy Price Guarantee, which is insulating millions from even higher global gas prices. READ MORE: first direct offering 7% interest rate on savings account “Tackling inflation is this Government’s number one priority and is the only way to ease the strain of high prices, drive long term economic growth and improve living standards for everyone.” For each payment, the exact payment start dates and eligibility criteria will be shared by the Department in due course. All payments will be tax-free and will not count towards the benefit cap. In addition, the payments will not have any impact on existing benefit awards. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Those who are eligible will be paid automatically, with no need to apply for any individual payment. Claimants eligible for any cost of living payment alongside tax credits, but o other means-tested benefits, will receive a payment from HMRC. This will occur shortly after the DWP payments are issued. Mel Stride, work and pensions secretary, added: “We are sticking by our promise to protect the most vulnerable and these payments, worth hundreds of pounds, will provide vital support next year for those on the lowest incomes. “The Government’s wider support package has already helped more than eight million families as we continue to deal with the global consequences of Putin’s illegal war and the aftershocks of the pandemic.”