Sophie Morgan, 37, spoke out on her outrage after she "landed at Heathrow with a bang" with her wheelchair “damaged”. The Loose Women star accused British Airways of breaking apart an attachment for her chair while in transit. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for British Airways and Heathrow Airport for comment. Sophie shared a video of the damaged chair on Instagram, telling her 57,400 followers about her ordeal. She claimed: "Someone - no one took responsibility - decided to attach my wheelchair and my batec (battery-powered attachment) whilst in transit (they were checked in separately, in two parts, unattached) and they have done so a. without my permission and b. COMPLETELY WRONG. "It took over half an hour to 'break' them apart, all that time I had to sit on an aisle chair which was NOT safe and I didn't know if I would be able to get back into my chair. READ MORE: Bond Girl Eva Green blames 'being French' for branding bosses 'stupid' “Eventually, they broke them apart and I got back into my chair and reattached the batec but it’s not safe to use.” Sophie continued: ‘"And what was I told to do by British Airways? Send an email via the website. "This has GOT TO STOP. Thousands of chairs are damaged every year by airlines. It's just #planewrong." Sophie’s Loose Women co-star, Charlene White, as well as other well-known faces soon took to social media to denounce the incident. Charlene re-posted a news article about Sophie’s mishap in view of her 70,400 followers as she spoke out on her fury. She wrote: “This is unacceptable Sophie. Livid you’ve had to deal with this. “We’re on the @loosewomen panel together tomorrow right? “We’ll definitely talk about it more then… this shouldn’t be happening xx” Fellow ITV star, Lorraine Kelly, also used her platform to bring visibility to the issue. 1728130 She reposted Charlene’s tweet, adding: “Appalling.” Sophie’s fans were also quick to flock to her original post’s comments section to send her their support and call for measures to be put into place to avoid future damages. Hlcmbe said: “I hope you get it fixed Sophie, and I hope you take it further. “We shouldn’t have to be afraid every time we want to travel! Any support I can give- just shout!” Codyfirststep chimed in: “This is just so insane! We have seen an uptick in the airline industry damaging or losing the extensions to our bodies that allow us to live! “So sorry this happened…We all need to come together and scream so loud!” Trish_ings wrote: ‘Shocking! I cannot understand why this keeps happening. “Surely airlines have learnt by now not to damage wheelchairs! “They need to start being financially liable for any wheelchairs damaged otherwise this will never come to an end.”