Recent revelations about classified documents being found at Joe Biden's home will increase calls for the 46th President to step aside ahead of 2024, an ally to Donald Trump has claimed. Six more classified documents were found at Mr Biden's home in Wilmington after the Department of Justice conducted a new search. The discovery comes after Biden's aides found other paperwork at an office in Washington DC and in his garage. Jason Miller, who served as a senior adviser on Trump's 2020 campaign, also warned the ex-POTUS' rivals on Capitol Hill were spooked by the announcement. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Miller said: "The latest Biden bombshell has Washington Democrats panicked. "Expect to see the drumbeat to grow louder for Biden to step aside and allow Democrats to nominate a candidate untainted by federal scandals." Miller's comments come after Attorney General Merrick Garland appointed a special counsel to investigate Biden's retention of classified documents. JUST IN: Ex-Navy SEAL father-of-four killed fighting in Ukraine as Russians launch new offensive Mr Trump is also under criminal investigation by another special counsel after an FBI raid on his Mar-a-Lago home uncovered hundreds of classified documents. Republicans were thought to have been leading the charge against the 46th President. The Grand Old Party's Oversight Committee, which is led by Representative James Comer, responded to the latest announced on Twitter. It said: "Biden's White House claimed all classified documents were turned over. "Now the Justice Department found more. Is the scavanger hunt over? Americans need answers now."   However, some Democrats on Capitol Hill have already called for a full investigation into the matter. West Virginia's Joe Manchin told Fox News: "The reports about President Biden’s mishandling of classified documents are extremely irresponsible and disturbing. "These allegations should be investigated fully." Virginia's Tim Kaine, who also served as Hillary Clinton's running-mate in 2016, added: "This news raises serious questions and the appointment of an unbiased special prosecutor to investigate the matter is the right step." DON'T MISS:Donald Trump allies urge ex-POTUS to 'get out of Mar-a-Lago in 2024 warning [EXCLUSIVE]'Concerted effort!' Ex-Trump aides hatch plan to stop 45th POTUS' White House return [REVEALED]Mike Pence 'not ready' to go toe-to-toe with Donald Trump in GOP primary, ex-aide warns [INSIGHT]  However, Mr Biden previously claimed he has "no regrets" about the misplaced documents and also insisted his administration was "full cooperating" with the Department of Justice. But Miller's warning comes as Democratic primary polling indicates that Mr Biden would likely be reselected as the party's pick for 2024. A Big Village survey handed the 46th POTUS a 20 percent lead over his Vice President Kamala Harris. The same polling company gave Trump a 25 percent advantage against Florida Governor Ron DeSantis. A separate survey by Harris Poll suggested Mr Trump could emulate Grover Cleveland by becoming just the second Commander-in-Chief to serve two non-consecutive terms in the Oval Office after it put the 76-year-old property tycoon five points ahead of the former Delaware Senator. 