Manchester United hero Louis Saha thinks Michael Carrick has what it takes to manage the club in the future. And he also believes that, in Marcus Rashford, the Red Devils have an heir to Cristiano Ronaldo. The England international has been in fine form this term, netting 12 goals across all competitions to propel his side to fourth in the Premier League table. Saha played alongside Carrick during his time at United, with the duo helping the club win the Premier League twice as team-mates. And with his old friend currently in charge of Middlesbrough, the Frenchman has now tipped Carrick to take over at Old Trafford in the future. "He was the type of player when you first meet him you may not realise he would be a great manager because he was quiet and wasn’t very vocal, but he is a very smart lad,” he told Compare.bet. “He is a great learner and he loves to be involved in learning from the best. “He analyses things very quickly and he is great at understanding people’s strengths and weaknesses. “He was given a lot of advice from Sir Alex so why can’t he manage Man United one day? I’m sure that will be his motivation." Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big While Carrick and Saha are figures of United’s past, Rashford is very much a man for the present and the future. Many were unsure what to expect from the England international after seeing him toil under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. But Rashford has matured at United since the appointment of Erik ten Hag as manager, scoring 12 goals across all competitions so far. For Saha, he’s starting to look like an heir to Ronaldo - who left the club by mutual consent at the tail end of last year. And the former United star also thinks Rashford has what it takes to challenge Erling Haaland and Kylian Mbappe for the game’s individual prizes, too. "He’s a player who can score 30-40 goals a season,” the former United star said. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see “There’s no doubt about it. He can do it all and why can’t Marcus Rashford do as much or even more than Haaland or Mbappe? “Those two guys have great pace and awareness that very few players have. They’re so good at getting in the right areas and scoring different sorts of goals, which is what Marcus is starting to do. "If he remains fit, remains confident, he is unstoppable. He can achieve everything. I haven’t seen a talent at United this good since Cristiano Ronaldo. “He just needs that aggression and that belief that set aside players like Messi and Cristiano from the rest. "I see only improvements. Straight away he identified the weaknesses the club had, whether it be infrastructure, the structure at the club, the players - he has done that. He’s got it spot on." "He [Ten Hag] has been strong and has belief and confidence in his decisions. Halfway through his first year I’m really impressed with him. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “He has changed Marcus Rashford’s life, and even Anthony Martial is smiling now and looks to have improved. “There is still hope with [Harry] Maguire and he has dealt with that situation really well.” On Maguire, he continued: "It’s not impossible for him to return, he has shown great spirit and professionalism while he’s been sitting out, and he’s a good player who deserves playing time. “We saw how good he can be at the World Cup where he was one of the best defenders in the tournament, and has been the most consistent defender for England for the last four to five years." One player United have missed out on so far this winter is Cody Gakpo, with the Netherlands international moving to Liverpool instead. Saha, however, doesn’t think it was the right time for the Dutchman to move to Old Trafford. "When a new player joins United, they are under pressure to deliver straight away, because that’s what they have been signed for,” he stated. “I think because of Klopp and the players Liverpool have there, new players have some time to settle there. “He’s a terrific player, but I don’t think this was the right time for United as he went straight to a local rival. “I think it’s a good move for Liverpool, but at the same time, not a bad miss for United. We need to get players who really want to join United."