A shooting rocked Miami Gardens leaving at least 10 injured, one critically. Rappers French Montana and Rob49 were spotted filming a music video at the scene before the gunfire occurred. A witness described hearing at least "15 shots" which sounded like they came from an "assault rifle" just before 8pm at The Licking restaurant in Miami Gardens - Montana was spotted in social media video filming at the location. "We’re still working. There are multiple shots, there are multiple cases." MGPD detective Diana Gorgue told reporters. "We’re still working. We can’t confirm any numbers at this moment, because everything is still fresh, and they’re still investigating." However, in radio transmissions, a first responder said there were 10 victims, according to reporting by local outlet 7News. Four victims were filmed being airlifted to hospital following the incident. Witness Ced Mogul told the outlet that a crowd had gathered to watch the filming of rapper Frank Montana's video when someone was robbed of their keys, wallet and watch.  "[He asked to] call his mother and see if we can get spare car keys and make sure, you know, he’s OK, and then the gunshots went off," Mogul said, "at least 13, 14, 15 gunshots. It was very rapid, it sounded like an assault rifle." He added: "I took off running, and I was looking back, but I was like, ‘You know what? Let me just duck first', and then people started asking me, you know, ‘Can you help me?' "When I realised people were asking for help, there was nothing you could do about it when you got shot." Police have not said whether someone fired into the crowd or if there was an exchange of gunfire.  READ MORE: 'Sad sack' Harry has 'fixation' with tearing down William No fatalities have been reported but one of the victims was said to be in critical condition, the conditions of the other victims was not known. Montana's status is unknown but he did not appear to be amongst the victims. A witness told TMZ that the rapper had been rushed out of the area safely by his security team. Police have said they think the shooting was an isolated incident and did not say whether anyone had been taken into custody. 