Amanda Owen shares her nine children, Raven, 21, Reuben, 19, Miles, 16, Edith, 14, Violet, 12, Sidney, 11, Annas, nine Clemmy, seven, and Nancy, six, with her ex Clive. The family rose to fame following the success of their Channel 5 programme Our Yorkshire Farm, so viewers were heartbroken to learn Amanda and Clive were parting ways. The Yorkshire Shepherdess gave an update about their split during a candid interview with Lorraine Kelly. On Tuesday's instalment of Lorraine, the 63-year-old broadcaster highlighted how Amanda and Clive co-parent their brood and asked how it works. Amanda shared: "It's not a big story, I feel like there are so many people in similar situations. "I feel like it is reality, we talk about reality television, but that is the reality for us. "We all have to get on," the 48-year-old stressed. "There's a lot to deal with as we have the land to manage, the animals to manage, childcare and everything else." READ MORE: Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive "So yeah, we just have to get on with it," the Yorkshire Shepherdess explained to Lorraine. Lorraine replied: "I don't know how you do it, it's all a big balancing act, isn't it?" The Scottish broadcaster also noted "how well" Amanda looked which appeared to take the Channel 5 star by surprise. Amanda added: "I am content but you do have to take a little bit of time for yourself.  "So every morning, even if I am going to be out feeding the sheep, I take a little bit of self-care for five minutes. "I put moisturiser on and a little bit of mascara and it makes you feel better about yourself." Amanda did confess her hands were not in the best condition as they are always exposed to the elements. "You getting out in the fresh air is incredible, but farming is tough," Lorraine added. DON'T MISS...Amanda Owen praises Jeremy Clarkson and says 'farmers love him'  [UPDATE]Our Yorkshire Farm emergency as air ambulance rushes to Ravenseat [INTERVIEW]Amanda Owen sparks concern as kids play on frozen lake in new snaps [LATEST] Elsewhere on the ITV talk show, Amanda shared how she avoids suffering from burnout despite having such a hectic lifestyle on her 2,00-acre farm. Amanda revealed being outside in the fresh air helps keep her grounded during stressful moments. She admitted having no phone signal on Ravenseat Farm most of the time was useful. Amanda also explained her love for photography was a release for her.  Life is not always smooth on the farm as the Our Yorkshire Farm star recently shared details of a terrifying ordeal in the run-up to Christmas. "Just literally three weeks before Christmas we had another medical emergency on the farm," she told Times Radio. "That was a scary one, whereby one of the children was taken ill, and that involved a helicopter coming, an air ambulance coming to pick us up." Lorraine continues on weekdays from 9am on ITV. 