When Kevin McCarthy was finally elected as House Speaker at the 15th time of asking in a fisco which had not been seen for 150 years since the aftermath of the US Civil War, he knew who he had to thank - Donald Trump. The Californian Congressman said: "I don't think anybody should doubt his (Trump's) influence. He was with me from the beginning...he would call me and he would call others." For a man who is leader of the movement that wants to "drain the swamp" of Washington DC and its shady backroom chenagins, there are few politicians who understand the power of a deal better than former President Trump. The businessman within him used it to great effect when he was in the White House with his historic handling of North Korea and bringing Israel and various Arab states together in the Abraham Accords. So often portrayed as a divisive figure by his opponents and critics, very few will acknowledge his ability to cut deals, bring people who detest each other together and actually act as a unifier. Had a Democrat President had Trump's foreign policy achievements he would probably been handed a Nobel Prize for Peace - Barack Obama got one for just being elected. But in the frenetic days of trying to find a replacement for Democrat Nancy Pelosi, the reality of Trump the dealmaker, bringer of people together has come to the fore again and now been acknowledged by McCarthy. What we saw play out last week in Congress was the stand of the more hardline Trumpists or Freedom Caucus in trying to ensure that the cosy establishment did not think it would be business as usual. Initially 19 Republican rebels grew to 20 whe refused to agree a creature of the Swamp - McCarthy - to be given the reigns of Power in the House of Representatives. Chip Roy, a Representative from Texas, articulated it best. describing the DC way of stitching things up, he said: "The rules committee sits up there and passes a bill, sends it to the floor and we have no debate on the floor of this body. "We have not been able to offer an amendment on the floor of this body since May of 2016." Initially, the rebels - not unlike the UK Conservatives' Brexit spartans holding out against theresa May's sell out deal with the EU - put up Ohio Representative Jim Jordan, a reformer, but latterly Florida Representative Matt Gaetz nominated Trump. READ MORE: Trump saved McCarthy’s Speaker bid in last-ditch phone call  Gaetz's nomination of Trump was highly symbolic - the Speaker does not need to be a sitting Representative - because it represented the desire to overhaul the political system. And such were tensions that as the number of rebels whittled down to six, McCarthy ally Mike Rogers had to be restrained from physicially attacking Gaetz on the floor of the House. The GOP spartans held the power because without a simple majority of all Representatives voting for him neither McCarthy or anyone else could be elected Speaker. The Speaker is second in line to the Presidency after the Vice President but more than that he or she sets the agenda for the House of Representatives and has control over the rules and procedures. Nancy Pelosi used her position to force through attempts to indict President Trump and block money going to build his wall on the southern border. It is a position of immense power which is why the Freedom Caucus - inevitably misportrayed as hardline rightwingers - wanted to ensure that another establishment figure did not simply inherit the job, even if he was already "squatting" in the Speaker's office - as McCarthy was. DON'T MISS Shocking US rebellion gives huge boost to Trump's Presidential hopes [INSIGHT] Biden’s immigration crackdown to 'return Trump-era policies' [REVEAL] Republicans in Congress have grasped defeat from the jaws of victory [REACT] To win the job McCarthy had to agree to rule changes to ensure greater transparency in the House and has already committed to a number of investigations demanded by his fellow Republicans. Top of that list will be an attempt to indict Biden and investigate his family particularly his son Hunter for alleged corruption. But there will also be inquiries into the handling of covid and the retreat from Afghanistan. It is fair to assume that the next two years will be a siege on the Biden administration and prominent officials like chief medical officer Dr Anthony Fauci rather than much legislation being passed by Congress. That actually suits the Republicans nicely as they square up to winning back the White House in 2024, although the events of last week will not have helped their pubolic trust levels given that the Democrats remained united throughout. The most significant thing to come out of the events in Congress is that the narrrative of the so-called "establishment Republicans" that the midterms killed off Trump's presidential hopes could not be further wrong. It is worth noting that the Trumpists in Congress may only be a relatively small group but within the wider Republican Party his Make America Great Again (MAGA) movement is far bigger. Even a critic like former national security adviser John Bolton estimates that it is 30 percent of the party. Trump proved ahead of the midterms that if he endorsed a Republican candidate they got selected - 98 percent of his endorsements succeeded. Now he has proven to an establishment Republican like McCarthy that he needed the former President too. This will not be a one way deal. McCarthy and his supporters now owe Trump. It will be interesting to see if they now get behind his nomination to give Trump a broader ticket. But whatever happens Trump has shown his many GOP rivals like Florida governor Ron DeSantis that he still is the top name for the ticket in 2024 and he holds sway in the Republican Party and is far from being politically dead.