 Carol Kirkwood, 60, is currently one of the longest-standing members of the BBC Breakfast team and, with decades in front of the camera, the presenter has experienced her fair share of on-air mishaps. Recalling some of her more embarrassing moments, the weather presenter shared how she made a necklace disappear on live television, much to the amusement of her co-hosts.  Although Carol is known by many as the bubbly weather presenter on BBC Breakfast, the journalist has also spent some time on the famous red couch. During one such moment, Carol was busily going about her reporting job as usual when her necklace came loose, sparking a hilarious chain reaction. As she recalled to The Sun: “I could hear the director in my ear saying, ‘The necklace is going, the necklace is going, oh no, it's going to the cleavage, it's going! It's going! It's gone'." While the running commentary on her wardrobe malfunction was laugh-inducing to begin with, the presenter managed to stay professional - that is, until her co-hosts came into play. READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' as star admits he 'can't get over' wife's heartbreaking loss  At the time, Bill Turnbull and Sian Williams were seated next to Carol on the couch, both sniggering mid-broadcast. Carol continued: “I was trying so hard not to laugh - and then eventually I couldn't help it and I just burst out laughing.” The presenter also revealed that once she started laughing she found she couldn’t stop, simply saying: “When you lose it, you lose it.” Carol is currently the longest-serving presenter on BBC Breakfast as she heads into her 25th year, but her tenure with the show goes back even further.   She originally joined as a production secretary in 1983 before becoming the weather presenter in 1998. As the weather presenter, Carol spends more time outdoors and mingling with the public than some of her co-hosts, and this has landed her in trouble more than once. What is arguably Carol’s most infamous gaff came in 2020 as she was presenting live from Greenwich Park in London. As the public went about their day alongside the reporter, she tried to mention them but suffered a terrible mix-up with her words.  While she tried to refer to the dog walkers and joggers that were out on the sunny morning, Carol actually said: “We’ve seen lots of doggers.” She quickly tried to correct the blunder saying: “ Lots of... not doggers, of course. “Lots of dog walkers and joggers around here through the course of this morning." Carol told The Sun this was her “most embarrassing” moment but was thankful “everybody saw the funny side of it”.  In another hilarious mishap, Carol found herself absolutely enamoured with a guide dog at the Chelsea Flower Show. Speaking on BBC Radio London with Riz Lateef earlier this month, Carol titled her blunder a “classic” as she recalled the tale.  The presenter decided to report her segment while kneeling down next to the pup, gently petting it as she spoke. However, the dog’s trainer then came around the corner and the excited canine suddenly took off. As they were surrounded by the perfectly manicured gardens still to be judged at the show, Carol decided to hold onto the leash so the pooch wouldn’t head into gardens. She continued: “So she went off to see her trainer, she dragged me with her and I just went flop down on my face. “It wasn’t very glamorous at all.”