Ministers should heed the call of Pat Cullen, general secretary of the Royal College of Nursing, and “do a deal for Britain”. Nurses do not want to abandon their posts, but they need to protect their livelihoods. They worked heroically through Covid – day and night to ensure the creaking health service does not collapse. The Government must not turn a blind eye to their desperation. It is time to talk. As Ms Cullen told us, the “clock is furiously ticking”. Talks should not be left to the last moment. With goodwill on all sides, there is no reason why a strike cannot be averted. This is not the time for political gameplaying and spin. The public know we owe a colossal debt to nurses and want to ensure they can survive the cost-of-living crisis. Nurses face the stress of helping patients at a time of extreme pressure on the NHS. It is intolerable if they are also frightened about paying their bills. Decency alone should compel ministers to give nurses a fair pay deal. But it is vital further strikes are stopped, and there is no time to squander.  Atonement for sins is at the heart of the Christian faith but the Church of England’s decision to pay £100million in compensation for its links to slavery will prove controversial. The money will be paid out over nine years to “address past wrongs”, while churches throughout the nation will face up to their own links with this shameful trade. It comes as many churches struggle to stay open and exhausted clergy and volunteers strive to help the poorest in their communities. They do not feel as if they are part of a wealthy denomination, and they know their parishes would be impoverished if churches were locked up and left to crumble. The legacy of slavery demands attention, but the Church’s hierarchy must ensure that congregations do not collapse on their watch. When you reach for the stars there is always the danger of tripping up. The first satellite mission launched from British soil was certainly not a success, but we applaud the soaring ambition and are behind the team, confident they will overcome this setback. The UK must not drop out of the modern space race; in the face of intense global competition, we must be at the forefront of innovation. An “anomaly” may have doomed this mission, but dreams of space exploration will not be grounded.