Manchester United target Wout Weghorst has already been told how he can succeed in the Premier League after his failed spell at Burnley. His former Clarets boss Sean Dyche explained last year what the Dutchman needs to change to be more effective in English football. Weghorst joined Burnley last January as a direct replacement for Chris Wood, who had left for Newcastle. The Dutchman arrived after a relatively prolific spell in Germany with Wolfsburg. He scored 70 goals in 144 appearances before his move to the Premier League. However, he netted just twice for Burnley as they were relegated from the top flight. He is spending this season on loan at Besiktas, where he has picked up his form again, scoring nine goals in 18 matches. Erik ten Hag is keen on taking him to United if a deal can be struck between Besiktas and Burnley over a termination of the loan. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  If Weghorst does make a return to the Premier League, he could do a lot worse than listen to his former manager's advice. Dyche claimed last April that the striker had to be more selfish and focus on his own job, despite his superb team ethic. Dyche said: "I think – and it is a positive, but it is a strange thing to mention – Wout is almost too team-bound at the minute. We need to get him to focus on him and his game. "He is almost thinking of everything and ‘I need to do this for the team, this for the team’, and in an honest, authentic way because that is the type of character he is. "But maybe it is almost like ‘Okay, stop, standstill – we need to focus on your game and how you can bring yourself to work with the team.’ I think he is still adjusting to that." DON'T MISSArsenal can return for star they had £92m bid accepted for as Arteta eyes titleArsenal deal shot down as Mudryk told to join Chelsea for three reasonsInside Ronaldo's luxury first Saudi home he shares with Georgina Rodriguez Dyche was sacked by Burnley just two days after those comments. Perhaps he was not given the time to get the best out of the experienced frontman. But Weghorst will be desperate to ensure his second spell in English football is better than his first. Ten Hag will know the player well from their time together in Dutch football. He has clearly seen something in his game which makes him feel he is what United need. If Weghorst can reach his usual ratio of a goal every two games, then it would prove to be a smart acquisition.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here