Claimants of Carer’s Allowance may be forced to reduce their hours if they are part-time employed due to the earnings threshold failing to keep up with the National Living Wage. This is the primary benefit payment for unpaid carers which is administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). While the earnings limit is still rising later this year, experts are warning it is not going up by enough for those in need of Carer’s Allowance. The benefit payment is designed to assist people who look after someone for at least 35 hours per week, if the person being cared for is on a qualifying benefit payment. Anyone who receives Carer’s Allowance may see the amount they get significantly reduced or taken away from them if they earn more than the earning limit. Carers who look after someone for 35 hours per week on a qualifying DWP payment are able to claim £69.70 per week. Overall, someone getting Carer’s Allowance will receive around £279 a month from the benefit and payments will rise to £76.25 a week later in the year. READ MORE: Pension triple lock ‘needs reform’ for ‘means-tested’ payments To qualify for Carer’s Allowance, claimants must also not earn more than the earnings limit per week which includes tax and National Insurance. Currently, the threshold is at £132 per week and this is set to rise by 5.5 percent to £139 in the next couple of months. Despite this, the National Living Wage will be increasing by 9.7 percent to £10.42 per hour at the same time. As a result, the number of hours unpaid carers will be able to work receiving this wage, while also getting the benefit payment, will fall. With this change, the time will drop from 13 hours 53 minutes to 13 hours 20 minutes by April of this year. In the last four years, the number of hours unpaid carers have been able to work while on Carer’s Allowance has decreased dramatically from just under 15 hours a week in 2019. For content, this is a difference of one hour 40 minutes a week which equates to 12 days of paid work in the space of a year. Charities, such as Carers UK, are pushing the Government to raise the earnings threshold to at least 21 hours per week. READ MORE: Waspi women wait for compensation verdict as 'cruel' rumours fly Helen Walker, the chief executive of Carers UK, praised the threshold going up later this year but suggested it was not rising fast enough to benefit those most in need. She explained: “While we welcome the Carer’s Allowance earnings limit going up in April, the 5.5 percent rise does not match the 9.7 percent rise in the National Living Wage, meaning the reality for many unpaid carers is that they have no choice but to work less at a time when many need to work more. “With more than a million labour market vacancies, the Government should be maximising opportunities for carers to work alongside caring, but the punitive earnings limit stops them from being able to do so. “Carers need a solution to the sharp cliff edge of the Carer’s Allowance earnings threshold that currently means earning even £1 over the threshold sees a 100 percent loss of benefit.” The care expert called on the DWP to publish research that she believes will help illuminate concerns over the benefit support provided to unpaid carers. Ms Walker added: “This move does not do nearly enough to help unpaid carers make ends meet during a difficult cost-of-living crisis. “The DWP has carried out research on Carer’s Allowance and the earnings limit and we urge them to publish it as soon as possible so that the design of this benefit can be improved for carers.” Carer’s Allowance and the earnings threshold for the benefit payment will be increased from April 2023. A DWP spokesperson said: “Unpaid carers have a hugely valuable role in the lives of their family and friends and we remain committed to helping them financially. “Universal Credit includes a carer’s element worth more than £2,000 a year and since 2010 we have increased Carer’s Allowance, putting an additional £800 a year in carers’ pockets through the benefit. “Those in receipt of Carer’s Allowance may also be entitled to further support, and we’d urge them to check their eligibility on GOV.UK.”