 The Royal Family has yet to grapple with racism, a royal expert has claimed, despite Prince Harry calling several incidents cases of "unconscious bias" The Duke of Sussex's comments came during his ITV interview with Tom Bradby to promote his new book, Spare.  Speaking as a guest on Common Sense, an independent news platform, Omid Scobie, the co-author of the couple's unofficial 2020 biography 'Finding Freedom', said: "I know Harry called it unconscious bias but I’m still going to call it racism. "I think it is only not racist when it is unconscious, the second someone makes it conscious to you and you try to minimise it or skirt the topic, or recollections may vary it, that is racism. "Even me saying that makes people feel uncomfortable but that is the reality." He claims stories about Meghan and Harry have "raised issues about misogyny within the institution of the monarchy." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry were ‘doomed' from the start and were never going to fit the royal mould Subtly pointing out how the Royal Family have stayed silent throughout the past few weeks, Mr Scobie told host Mike Omoniyi how "we're at a time where we expect far more transparency from our public figures than ever." He added that the Royal Family are still "shrounded in mystery" and this "doesn't fit into where we're at as a society". On January 8, two days before the release of Spare, Prince Harry's interview with ITV journalist Tom Bradby aired in the UK. In the interview, which saw Harry speak out about his marriage, his estranged relationship with his family and his tell-all memoir, Mr Bradby said that Harry had accused his family of racism, referring to the couple's bombshell 2021 interview with Oprah Winfey. In response to his comment, Harry appeared to shake his head firmly. READ MORE: 'No place' for Harry, Meghan or Prince Andrew on the balcony at King's Coronations When asked whether the Royal Family need to modernise, Harry claimed that "unconscious bias" can "move into racism". Harry said: "It's not racism, but unconscious bias, if not confronted, if not acknowledged, if not learned and grown from, that can then move into racism." The 38-year-old continued: "The way that I understand it is that we all want to be a part of the solution rather than part of the problem and I genuinely believe that, for the monarchy, the best thing is for them to modernise, especially because of their role within the Commonwealth." DON'T MISS Harry's book, which is full of explosive new claims against the Royal Family, was released worldwide on January 10. Within 24 hours of its release, the much-publicised book became the UK's fastest-selling non-fiction book. It sold over 400,000 copies in its first week, according to official figures from Nielsen BookData.