Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp may have got a close-quarters look at one of his future stars on Saturday evening as his side contested a thrilling 2-2 FA Cup draw with Wolves. Matheus Nunes has long been of interest to the Reds and the possibility of a move to Anfield remains, although the board may have to act fast. The big story for Reds fans was Cody Gakpo getting his first run-out since completing a £37million move from PSV Eindhoven. There were some nice touches from the Dutchman but Darwin Nunez came up with the night's most memorable moment as he volleyed in Trent Alexander-Arnold's sumptuous cross. Mohamed Salah also scored after the break, while Goncalo Guedes and Hwang Hee-chan were on target for Wolves with Liverpool goalkeeper Alisson having an unfortunate hand in both goals. It looked as though Julen Lopetegui's Wolves would cause a major upset and power through to the fourth round when Toti poked home but a controversial offside decision saw the goal chalked off and the two sides will play each other again in a third-round replay. DON'T MISS: Liverpool can accomplish Torres transfer repeat with Josko Gvardiol Although Klopp could do without the inconvenience of another all-Premier League clash in his busy fixture schedule, it would give him another chance to take a close look at Nunes. The Portuguese midfield star came off the bench on Saturday and put on a fine display during his 30-minute cameo. Liverpool were strongly linked with the 24-year-old before his surprise move to Wolves in the summer and recent reports indicate that they could go back in for him later this year. Rumours of a £44million approach represent only a fraction more than Wolves paid to Sporting Lisbon but fans are yet to see his true potential. READ MORE... Tottenham face transfer dilemma as duo divide opinion in FA Cup win Arsenal and Chelsea offered Evan Ndicka but hidden cost threatens deal Boreham Wood FC confuse FA Cup fans as they plot magical run Therein lies the key reason why the Reds need to act fast if they are to secure Nunes' services for a reasonable price. Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola referred to him as one of the finest players in the world last year and when he begins to show that on a regular basis, Wolves will be well within their rights to hike up the asking price. Liverpool would not be able to sign the former Sporting star until the summer regardless due to FIFA regulations stipulating that players can only competitively turn out for two clubs in a single season. Nunes is still finding his feet in English football with just one assist to show for his 15 Premier League appearances thus far.  His energy, passing range and all-round attributes make him an ideal player to slot into Klopp's system and they could test Wolves' resolve in the summer, providing an anticipated swoop for fellow midfielder Jude Bellingham doesn't get in the way. The Reds backed out of paying for Nunes last year and handed a new long-term contract to Harvey Elliott, who has been given more responsibility this term and taken criticism in the process for the team's defensive struggles.