The stuntman was supposed to escape a straight jacket while upside down 30ft in the air in between two suspended cars. However, unable to escape the jacket, Jonathan was crushed by the two cars which were on fire. Amanda joined ITV presenter Lorraine on Tuesday to give an update on his health. At the time of his accident, Amanda appeared on Jay Rayner's Out To Lunch podcast and said: "He fell 30ft and lost a kidney, broke both shoulder blades, shattered both legs. "Third-degree burns, broke his spine and severed his spinal cord and nearly died. And then on the operating table, he nearly died again. "Unless there's a kind of stem cell surgery or that thing that Elon Musk is designing with the little chip, he'll be like that forever. "He's just incredible, honestly, like so happy, just like a very happy, positive human being, just liquid sunshine. He's amazing." READ MORE: Prince Harry’s threats to Royal Family are ‘tantamount to blackmail’ After discussing her latest ITV series, Lorraine was curious to see how Jonathan was doing and asked: "How is your lovely man?" Amanda beamed with pride and expressed: "He's amazing! Yeah, he just makes me smile!" Lorraine laughed: "See, I mentioned him, just as you were sitting down I said 'how is your gorgeous man?' and you lit up, you lit up, you lucky thing!" Gushing over her husband, Amanda revealed: "Yeah, he is amazing and I love him to bits. He is going from strength to strength, he's got loads of things going on and he is delighted." Lorraine added: "He is astonishing. I know when he was in before he is now having to use a wheelchair because of that accident he had on America's Got Talent. "How is be doing? Is he getting better and better every day? Amanda revealed: "I forget that he is in a wheelchair, he is just very independent and very strong. "He genuinely is my hero because nothing fazes him at all, I don't know what I would do without him, I really don't." DON'T MISS...Here's where the original Keeping Up Appearances cast is now [LATEST]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb's true identity in Nicky twist [WATCH]Holly and Phillip spark backlash as fans demand new DOI hosts [INSIGHT] Noticing the love Amanda felt for Jonathan, Lorraine expressed: "That is just wonderful, that doesn't happen all that often when you meet that person you are supposed to meet." "He is so supportive and gorgeous," Amanda concluded. Before Jonathan went in for his surgery, he sent Amanda a voice note to say there was a 50 percent chance he would not make it. He told her he loved her and thanked her for the past few months of his life with her. On the one-year anniversary of his accident, Jonathan took to his Instagram and posted an image of himself in hospital. He wrote: "'A year ago today (oct 14th) I had an accident which resulted in very severe and permanently life-changing injuries. "A year on the cause of the accident has yet to be determined although I know I did everything I was supposed to do. "I’m sure at some point we will find an answer. In the meantime do me a favour, hug those people who you love today. Hold them close and tell them how much they mean to you." Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.