Jack Nicholson was last spotted in public attending a Los Angeles Lakers game in October 2021 with his 30-year-old son Ray, who is also an actor. The Shining star is reportedly spending a lot of time at his Mulholland Drive mansion. According to a new Radar report, Jack’s friends are worried that the iconic Chinatown star has become a recluse like his pal Marlon Brando, who died aged 80 in 2004. “He's made it clear his home is his castle. But people just wish he'd come out of the house and pop up to tell them how — or at least reassure folks he's OK,” an insider shared with the outlet. The on-screen star likes to spend time in the luxurious community of Mulholland Drive and spends a lot of time with his family. It has also been claimed the actor "doesn't want to face reality". READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley 'rushed to hospital' after suffering cardiac arrest The source said: “His kids will visit, but they're his only connection to the world. "It's like he doesn't want to face reality anymore — and that's just sad." The source claimed: “Jack's in touch with certain relatives — especially Ray, his protégé, who he's so proud of — but his socializing days are long gone.” “Brando died a virtual recluse after leading such a colorful life, and Jack's friends are drawing the comparisons.” Express.co.uk has contacted Jack Nicholson's representatives for comment. Jack reportedly bought Marlon’s old home, which boasts four bedrooms, three bathrooms and a pool, shortly after his death. Before that, the two stars had lived next door to each other for a number of years. The Oscar-winning actor has not appeared in a movie since 2010, when he played alongside Reese Witherspoon and Owen Wilson in How Do You Know. DON'T MISS... Only Fools and Horses star Patrick Murray battles second cancer[LATEST]Jeremy Clarkson blasts council for 'banning' book sales on his farm[ADMISSION]Brad Pitt and Margot Robbie reunite as she steals the show in cape[PICTURES]  The actor, who has an estimated net worth of of $910m (£747m), denied he was retiring following a career spanning five decades in a rare interview with The Sun that same year. He also addressed health concerns, claiming he had a “mathematician’s brain”. “[But] I’m not going to work until the day I die, that’s not why I started this. I mean, I’m not driven. I was driven – but I’m not, I don’t have to be out there anymore,” he said at the time. “In fact, there’s part of me that never really liked being out there … You get older, you change.” Jack is believed to be single following his split from long term girlfriend Lara Flynn Boyle in 2004 and Paz de la Huerta in 2006. Although he is a father of six children, he was only married once - to Sandra Knight from 1962 to 1968.