From Geordie Shore star Charlotte Crosby to former Love Island contestant Molly-Mae, many famous figures are choosing to reverse their cosmetic surgery procedures. What’s more, in the last few years, more people have had issues with their cosmetic operations, and, as a result, have decided to reverse them. British medical negligence experts, First4Lawyers, have received 740 claims relating to cosmetic procedures over the last seven years - that’s two claims per week on average. Dr Chia Tan, founder of Harley Street MD, told Express.co.uk why so many problems can arise with lip fillers - a very popular cosmetic surgery procedure. She said: “Anyone in the UK, regardless of their training, can inject Botox and fillers. Horrific complications have resulted from Botox and fillers being provided by people with very little training. “Patients can be left with emergency situations such as necrosis (death of skin cells) and infections. Unfortunately, unscrupulous ‘aesthetic injectors’ also use illegal substances bought online, which cause issues such as hard lumps that are very difficult to correct.” A good lip filler job “will be undetectable”, Dr Tan added. “As well as having a full, plump appearance, lips should also have a defined cupid’s bow,” she said. READ MORE: Meghan wasn't afraid to 'embarrass family' during final days as royal “The practitioner must also take into account the distance between the philtrum - the medial depression that runs from the middle of the base of the nose to the top of the upper lip. A shorter distance looks more youthful, especially in women. However, if it is too short, this can look unnatural. “If you can tell someone has had lip filler, then it’s generally considered a ‘bad’ job - unless of course, that is the client’s preference.” After having lip filler around 10 to 15 times over the course of five years, India started to think her lips looked unnatural and far from subtle. This was one of the reasons why she decided to get them dissolved. “The filler had migrated and it didn't look great - I’d gone a bit OTT with my top ups, having too many, too often. I basically had duck lips,” she said. “I wanted to start again so I could have a more natural result.” After getting her filler dissolved around three years ago, India said she much prefers her lips. “Once it was dissolved and started afresh, I loved them,” she recalled. However, India has gone back to the clinic to have more lip filler done since - twice to be exact. But she is set to return again in future. The 30-year-old from Leeds said: “It’s been a while since I had my last top up and there isn’t a lot of filler left, and I will definitely get more – I think I look nicer when I have it.” READ MORE: Face yoga expert's routine to reduce nasolabial fold lines takes seconds Despite this, India stressed that “less is more”. “It can be easy to get used to your new lips and then feel like they’re small when they’re not,” she said. “Getting filler too often, or too much in one go, can cause migration, which is not the look you want, and because it happens over time you don’t even realise. “I saw a candid picture of myself from a weird angle which made me realise how bad it looked when mine migrated. You can always add filler, but to take it away you have to dissolve everything away.” India offered advice to those wanting to get their lips done, saying: “Do your research, find a credible injector, and make sure you like their work. “I would only ever get fillers from a doctor or nurse, as they can help if any issues arise - if injected wrong fillers can block blood vessels which can lead to your skin dying. I think fillers are seen as a no risk, easy procedure but it’s your face - if something goes wrong, you and everyone else will see that every day.” India decided to have a lip filler procedure five years ago because "it was in the Kylie big lip era when everyone seemed to be getting them and I was curious more than anything”. “My lips felt small in comparison and I didn’t have a strong lip line, and I liked the end result for people who got natural-looking lip fillers." After her first lip filler, India said she felt “a little more confident because I loved how they looked, but it wasn't a huge difference”. For those wanting their filler reversed, the 30-year-old added: “You can have allergic reactions to the stuff that dissolves filler so you definitely need to get this done by a medical professional. It takes a while to get used to your smaller lips but they probably look worse in your head than in real life. I only had mine dissolved for two weeks and, by the end of it, I didn't mind their size, but at the beginning I really disliked them as it looked so different.”