Amanda Holden, 51, adamantly insisted “I don't want my daughter anywhere near Love Island" as her eldest child Lexi approaches her 18th birthday. The Britain’s Got Talent star revealed that although she finds the ITV2 show entertaining, she wouldn't want either of her daughters - Alexa Louise Florence Hughes, 17, and Hollie Rose Hughes, 11 - to participate. Amanda said she believed the programme was another platform that allowed people to become famous, but did not think contestants truly wanted to find love on the show. Asked whether she would let her children, whom she shares with husband Chris Hughes, go on the show when they grow up, Amanda exclaimed: “No!” Speaking on Heart Breakfast with Jamie Theakston, Amanda explained: “It's just another way of being famous, isn't it really? “It's not really about love. It's just about looking hot and just getting involved... but I mean, it's just amazing telly but it's not really for love so I don't want my daughter anywhere near.” Ashley Roberts then reminded Amanda of Molly-Mae and Tommy Fury’s romance, which began in the 2019 series and is still going strong after the couple welcomed their first child this week. Amanda insisted: “I mean that's a one-off, that's a fabulous story.” Earlier this month, Amanda and Robson Green joined Alex Jones and Ronan Keating on The One Show to discuss their latest projects. Amanda donned a bright yellow dress paired with high heels, while the Grantchester star opted for a white shirt and navy trousers. The TV star even addressed whether her pal Alan Carr would be replacing David Walliams on Britain's Got Talent, before it was confirmed that Bruno Tonioli would be getting the role on the panel. Alan and Amanda recently teamed up on a BBC project in Italy, where they attempted to renovate a rundown property.  "Were there any points where you thought this could rock the boat?" DON'T MISS...Lord Alan Sugar blasts 'exploitative' employees working from home [LATEST]Zoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update [RADIO]James May slams Jeremy Clarkson's 'creepy' Meghan Markle comments [ROYAL] The BGT judge simply replied: "I am going to be honest and say no. "Because we're really fond of each other and we are very honest as well. "And I think that we were just quite straight talking. "So if there was anything that was bothering us or we didn't think we could do whatever...we were just straight talking, [and] just said it to each other." Amanda did have one criticism of her pal, as she added: "Alan gives up too quickly, that would be my only criticism. "He is like, 'I can't do it'...we had a lovely bar quite close." Despite giving up easily, the TV presenter praised Alan for "doing everything" with the renovation work. Love Island continues tonight on ITV2 at 9pm.