Just when things were starting to look really good again for the Brooklyn Nets, they've been handed a major setback. Main man Kevin Durant is set to be sidelined with a sprained MCL, putting increased importance on those around him to step up. After a difficult 2021/22 campaign, and a chaotic off-season, the Nets have finally ironed out their issues and look like they could finally be NBA Championship contenders. They sit second in the Eastern Conference with a 27-13 record, trailing the Boston Celtics who have had off the court drama in the off-season themselves. Durant has been at his brilliant best this season, even leading the second fan vote ahead of the all-star game alongside LeBron James. But just like last January, he's sprained his MCL, and will miss a tough part of the Nets' season. They face a problem as now Kryie Irving, Seth Curry and Ben Simmons need to step up, but it's different to the issues they faced last year. Last season when Durant was injured, Irving was sidelined due to his stance against the Covid vaccination, with four other stars all injured. The Nets were forced to put their faith in rookies, and without Durant they won just five of the 21 games he missed. But this time, they've got Simmons and Irving firing, and they'll need to remain consistent to weather the storm. Irving is going to have to throw more from deep in order to cover for Durant, but it's his time to give back to the organisation after a rocky 18 months. Nets head coach Jacque Vaughn isn't as worried as you may expect either, as he said: "The train will keep moving. All the things that increase or decrease your margins, we just gotta be better at. "These were already points of emphasis, but they're more important because Kevin can make a shot for us and cover up some of our sins." And it seems like members of the team are ready for the challenge too, as confidence has grown this season. "The best player in the world, he's out, but guys gotta step up," Nets star Nic Claxton said. "We've been in this position before." It's likely that Durant could miss a month of action, but if the Nets can still remain in contention, they may have a real shot later in the season. It would be quite the story if the Nets can pull off the unthinkable, they've always had the facilities to do so, but it's finally come together.