Ahead of the book’s release, Prince Harry has given a number of interviews to both UK and US media to promote his autobiography. Before the interviews aired on television, a sign was situated outside Buckingham Palace urging the royal to end his rivalry and conflict with his older brother Prince William. According to accounts of the book which have been leaked and Harry’s discussions in interviews, the book launches a number of attacks on his brother. The Duke of Sussex criticises his brother’s hairline, his facial features, and even his attitude to his role as the future King of England. The title of the book comes from the traditional English phrase to ‘have an heir and a spare’. In an interview with CBS’ Anderson Cooper, Harry was asked about his “cutting” comments about his brother. Cooper quoted Spare: “I looked at Willy, really looked at him maybe for the first time since we were boys. “I took it all in, his familiar scowl, which had always been his default in dealings with men, his alarming baldness, more advanced than my own, his famous resemblance to Mummy which was fading with time, with age.” The CBS anchor said, “that’s pretty cutting”, to which Harry replied: “I don’t see it as cutting at all…my brother and I love each other. I love him deeply. “There has been a lot of pain between the two of us, especially in the last six years. READ MORE: Prince Harry responds to claim he 'sold out' Royal Family “None of anything I’ve written, anything that I’ve included, is ever intended to hurt my family.” Despite Harry’s insistence, royal fans and observers of the ongoing saga have criticised his publication of such private conversations and what has been seen as inflammatory accusations and comments. In a light-hearted attempt to urge the prince to reconcile with his older brother, Future Farm positioned a sign outside Buckingham Palace, encouraging Harry to end the feud. The plant-based meat company emblazoned a truck with the message: “Drop the beef. Not your bro.” DON'T MISS:Harry 'should have been denied US residency' over drug revelations (REVEAL)Prince Harry breaks silence on Susan Hussey after Palace racism row (INSIGHT)Prince Harry tells of private moment with the Queen after her death (INSIGHT) The message comes as many Brits embark on ‘Veganuary’, where people try out the vegan diet for the month of January. In his interview with CBS, Harry attempted to justify the inclusion of his harsher comments about his brother. The Duke of Sussex said: “It does give a full picture of the situation as we were growing up, and also squashes this idea that somehow my wife was the one that destroyed the relationship between these two brothers.” Thus far, both Buckingham and Kensington Palace have refrained from commenting on the book, choosing to stick to the royal manta, “never complain, never explain”.