The start of the year is a time when people often reassess their finances and commit to putting money aside into savings to make sure they have funds available later. Help to Save lasts four years and offers a 50p bonus for each £1 that is deposited in the account. The account may suit someone with a limited income, or little spare cash to put aside for savings. A person does not need to pay in every month and they can pay in as little as £1 during a given month. A person can pay into the account as many times as they like and can save a maximum £50 each month. Money can be paid into the account by debit card, standing order or bank transfer, and money can only be withdrawn from the account into an individual’s linked bank account. The bonuses are paid at the end of the second and fourth year. A person can close their account at any time but those who close early will lose their bonus. READ MORE: Thousands of state pensioners get less than £100 a week but payment boost to come in April Help to Save is open to people on these benefits:  The bonus after two years will be 50 percent of the highest balance the saver has accrued so far. The final bonus at the end of the fourth year will be 50 percent of the difference between the highest balance a person has saved in the first two years and the highest in the last two years. This means a person should be careful about withdrawing funds as this will affect the bonus they receive. For example, if a person paid £25 a month into their account for two years, their highest balance after two years would be £600 and they would receive a £300 bonus. READ MORE: 'Can't afford to stop’: Brits forced to work into later life as ‘pensions won’t stretch’ If this person saved another £200 in the third and fourth years and didn’t take out any funds, their highest balance would increase from £600 to £800, between the two periods. This means they would get a second final bonus of £100 bonus because of the £200 difference between the two figures. If a person saves a maximum £50 each month, they will save £2,400 over the four years and get £1,200 in bonus money. The bonus is paid into the person’s linked bank account rather than into the Help to Save account. A person can keep their Help to Save account even if they stop claiming benefits as long as they met the eligibility criteria when they opened the account. Benefits claimants who have a joint claim can apply separately for their own Help to Save account. A person normally needs to live in the UK to open an account, although a person can apply if they live overseas and they are a crown servant or a member of the British armed forces, or their spouse or civil partner is. For those on Universal Credit or Housing Benefit, the savings in their Help to Save account do count towards their personal savings. Their claim may be affected once their personal savings reach £6,000 or more.