Over the weekend, Sir Jim Ratcliffe was put in the spotlight once again. Greenpeace have called on Manchester United to reject any bids from the British billionaire at a time where the Glazers are open to selling up. It’ll be interesting to see what unfolds with the Red Devils superfan, who is adamant he won’t be held to ransom by the Americans. It emerged back in November that the Glazers were open to leaving United behind after 18 years of controversial and turbulent rule. And Ratcliffe is one of the candidates to take over, even if there’s some controversy when it comes to that. Over the weekend, Greenpeace made it clear they opposed any idea of Ratcliffe owning United. They told The Mirror: “Accepting this bid would be an awful own goal for Manchester United. “Petrochemicals giant INEOS is just the latest fossil fuel company trying to use a popular sport to distract from their climate-wrecking business. “With interests in oil and gas, plastics and agrichemicals, INEOS has a hat-trick of environmental harms to its name. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “They are top of the table for plastic production in the UK and are one of the loudest voices in favour of fracking. “Manchester United should really question whether polluting their image and enabling blatant sportswashing is really worth the dirty money they would get.” And, right now, Ratcliffe doesn’t seem to be a standout candidate. It was then revealed that the 70-year-old wouldn’t be held to ransom by the Glazers, despite their willingness to cut ties. So while there are some who oppose Ratcliffe, a takeover from the current Nice owner seems a remote possibility. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see There were also suggestions over the weekend that he faces some big competition when it comes to buying United, too. US equity firms have been discreetly moving in the shadows, though fans would likely oppose another Glazers-type scenario. And it was also suggested the Red Devils are expected to receive offers from interested parties in the Middle East, too. Ratcliffe is one of the richest men in the country with a net worth of £11billion. But given he won’t be held to ransom, and the fact the Glazers want as high as £8bn to let the club go, the signs aren’t positive right now. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ratcliffe admitted last year that United were ‘etched’ in his mind and revealed he’d previously talked with the Glazers about buying them out. He explained: “The club is deeply etched in my mind. “I have met Joel and Avram (Glazer), who are the nicest people, proper gentlemen, really nice people - and they don't want to sell. “If it had been for sale in the summer, yes, we would probably have had a go, following on from the Chelsea thing. “But we can't sit around hoping that one day Manchester United will become available.” Football finance expert Kieran Maguire, meanwhile, has claimed the Glazers are set to miss out on money from any possible takeover dye to the need to redevelop and modernise Old Trafford. “Any prospective bidder will effectively reduce a considerable element of the redevelopment costs from what they are willing to spend,” he said. “If you are buying a house that has a hole in the roof, you are likely to be prepared to pay less for it. And there are literally holes in the roof at United. “The Glazers have been reluctant to spend money on infrastructure because the terms of Project Big Picture and the Super League included central pots for these expenses. “Now, their chickens are coming home to roost in terms of the facilities available to regular United fans. “They have, however, spent on tickling the feathers of those who use hospitality.”