Beatrice Borromeo, 37, is the daughter-in-law of Caroline, Princess of Hanover, who herself is the daughter of Grace Kelly, later the Princess of Monaco. Beatrice is a successful fashion model and became the ambassador of Dior in 2021. On Monday, the royal attended the Christian Dior Haute Couture Spring Summer 2023 show as part of Paris Fashion Week. Beatrice stunned in head-to-toe Dior, with her mini grey dress with no sleeves and knee-high grey boots from the AW21 Couture Collection. The outfit also featured white sheer sleeves underneath the grey pinafore-style dress, making the whole look rather edgy and unique. Very fitting for Paris Fashion Week, the royal wore a black beret and carried a matching black handbag. READ MORE: Kate 'lost' her 'partner in crime' but found 'replacement' - claims Continuing with the Dior theme, Beatrice wore some "Diorsignature B3U" Black Butterfly Sunglasses, which cost a whopping £430. Their description says: "The DiorSignature B3U sunglasses complete the now iconic House line and feature an elegant butterfly shape. "The graphic black acetate frame showcases a 'CHRISTIAN DIOR PARIS' signature enhanced by gold-finish metal lines. "Completed by grey lenses, these sunglasses embody elegance." Finally, the royal wore some Buccellati Milano "Macri Classica" White Gold with Diamonds Earrings. These earrings cost a sensational £9,020, and feature "four round diamonds in 18k White Gold" according to the website. The jewels are "handmade and hand engraved in Milano, Italy" and also "designed by Gianmaria Buccellati". Described as "Omega clips", these earrings are additionally "signed by Buccellati" which makes them even more valuable. READ MORE: Beatrice Borromeo 'absolutely stunning' for Monaco’s famous Rose Ball  Royal fans absolutely loved Beatrice's look at Paris Fashion Week, and took to social media to praise her style. For instance, @sym836k wrote on Instagram: "She’s who I imagine Serena van der Woodsen to look like in real life, so stylish!" Similarly, @rmsgreeneyedlady added: "Very chic outfit." In addition, @luxmeagainpreloved commented: "It’s very cute. She can definitely carry it off!" Royal fan @ellainthecityboston said: "Fabulous! She owns the look and it looks fantastic on her!" Some fans joked about the cold January weather and whether or not the outfit was appropriate. For example, @aureliebrigitte_gros wrote: "Beautiful Beatrice, but aren't you freezing cold?" But overall, fans like @tmr72 summed up how the majority felt about Beatrice's outfit, writing: "She is beautiful!"