The US has battled “more extreme” weather in the last month than in years past, a meteorologist has told Express.co.uk. It comes as another “bomb cyclone” approaches  the region. Through December and January, the country experienced unseasonably poor weather, including Storm Elliott over Christmas which killed at least 56. Now, as more extreme weather looms in the week ahead, forecasters explained to Express.co.uk how the US has seen worsening weather. Brett Anderson, AccuWeather Senior Meteorologist, told Express.co.uk the recent storms “have been more extreme than usual for this time of year”. “In Texas, there was a clash of very cold, Arctic air with unusually warm and humid air coming up from the warmer than normal Gulf of Mexico, which led to more widespread severe weather”, he said. “When you have two extreme and opposite air masses clashing together the result is typically some extreme weather/wind and dramatic temperature changes.” Across the south of the US, a storm watch has been issued as a front moves in capable of bringing severe storms and even brief tornadoes. On Wednesday in Georgia, the risk for severe storms was increased to Level 2 of 5 east of Atlanta. Mr Anderson then also noted: “In California, we have had a couple of atmospheric river events, which are narrow corridors of very moist air that originates in the sub-tropical Pacific. "These corridors typically produce some of the heaviest precipitation events that California experiences, which can lead to dramatic flooding/mudslides and avalanches. “We usually tend to see more of these events during an El Nino year in California, but this winter so far has been an exception.” Over New Year’s in the Golden State, heavy rains and storms brought flash floods, killing two. READ MORE: 'Extraordinarily rare' Idaho murder suspect to be 'studied' for years In a grim warning, Mr Anderson said he expects the US to see worse and worse weather over the decade. “Observations across the US over the past 20 years showed a marked increase in extreme weather events, which is in line with earlier climate change projections”, he said. “Based on the latest long-term global temperature (land and ocean) projections and sea-level rise, I would expect to see this increasing trend of extreme weather to continue in the US and worldwide.” DON'T MISSHarry's 60 minutes interview may take 'different form' than OprahPrince Harry has become Meghan Markle's 'puppet' as memoir blastedTaylor Greene in blistering rant as she slams colleagues over McCarthy It comes as a major storm approaches the coast of California, with AccuWeather holding it will turn into a bomb cyclone from Wednesday into Thursday. They said: “An atmospheric river, or massive plume of moisture originating from the tropical Pacific Ocean some 2,500 miles away, will fuel the heavy precipitation. “Such a weather setup can lead to excessive rainfall and flooding, as well as a thump of snow that can shut down travel where the atmosphere is cold enough. “In this particular case, the event can be classified as a Pineapple Express, since the plume of moisture will extend from near Hawaii.” AccuWeather Chief Meteorologist Jon Porter added: "There is a significant risk for flash flooding, and people should watch for and avoid rapidly rising water which can quickly become life-threatening. “This will be a dangerous and high-impact storm for California, capable of producing life-threatening conditions and significant disruption which may last several days.”