Gardeners' World presenter Monty, who has been married to Sarah for over 30 years, previously revealed that they filed for bankruptcy in 1987 after the infamous stock market crash in the same year wiped out their savings. The gardening guru revealed that they lived on benefits for most of the 90s. The pair detailed their dire situation in their latest book, the Jewel Garden.   In unearthed quotes, Sarah recalled how their financial situation had a profound impact on the couple's mental and physical health.   For Sarah, the loss of savings and the decision to sell the family home made her physically ill, while Monty’s mental health suffered.  She recalled in the book: “When it came down to it, Montagu was a loony and I was ill all the time.”  READ MORE: Sopranos' John Ventimiglia 'heartbroken' as daughter Odele dies at 25 She went on to state that she felt they had hit rock bottom when she was lying in bed sick as they tried to sell their house.   She wrote: “I suppose the lowest point for me was when I was hidden away on my sickbed while potential buyers traipsed round the house."   Sarah also shared that the couple had so little to show for that time, but that they were thankful that the children were happy and helpful.   Monty shared that being on benefits changed his whole work ethic. He now has an incredible attitude to getting things done, including authoring books and being the main presenter on Gardeners' World. Elsewhere, Monty recently had to shut down a fan who was unhappy with the selection of homemade products in preparation for the warmer months.   Posting a picture on his social media, he wrote: "Steel plant supports (all homemade). Bundled in size, ready for action this spring and summer.”   While many fans took to the comments to praise Monty for his “beautiful” garden, a user named Sue wrote: “Wow, how the other half live! We buy cheap ones that have to be replaced every couple of years as never in a million years could I afford a selection of the metal ones and this many at one time!!!”  DONT MISS: Stacey Solomon left tearful as she finally announces baby's gender [INSIGHT] Happy Valley spoiler clip teases Ryan Cawood kidnap plot [LATEST] Happy Valley star teases 'more to come' and final season 'felt right' [LATEST] Monty swiftly replied to the user and assured her that the rods are more affordable than she thought.   He replied: “Buy the metal rods and cut and bend them to shape. This is 25 years worth, costing between 50p and £1 each.”   Monty also had to respond to a Twitter troll who made disparaging remarks about the horticulturalist's appearance.   Commenting on a phrase that is often used by presenters, the star expressed his delight that one broadcaster had removed it from his vocabulary. To which the troll replied: "Get a life. If you were a fraction as picky about your appearance you wouldn't look like a crumpled compost heap. Going forward, when are you retiring?”   At that response, Monty simply replied: "Can’t say Twitter isn’t fun.” Fans quickly flocked to his defence and shot down the troll's offensive tweet.   One fan wrote: “He looks like someone that spends a lot of time outdoors, gardening - which is kind of handy really since that's what he does."     While another posted: “While a third added: “Monty’s literally one of the sexiest men alive, what are you on?"   It comes as Monty’s BBC Two show, Monty Don’s Adriatic Gardens, returned to TV screens this week.   The three-part series saw Monty travelling across the world to discover how Venetians on the Adriatic coast have influenced both public and private gardens.   The series was first broadcast last January but is being repeated this year.