Speaking of the upcoming interviews, royal expert Victoria Arbiter described Prince Harry as someone who "appears to be consumed with anger". In a post on her Twitter account, Ms Arbiter wrote: "[Harry's] going to need Sunday's interviews to help humanise him if he's to garner public sympathy." The ITV interview will be conducted by Tom Bradby and the 60 Minutes interviewer will be Anderson Cooper. Referring to the two interviewers of the sit-downs, which are both set to air on January 8, Ms Arbiter wrote: "Cooper lost his dad when he was 10 and Bradby had a breakdown in 2018. "It'll be interesting to see if they're able to soften his rage." The interviews will near coincide with the release of Harry's book, titled "Spare". READ MORE: Meghan and Harry urged to copy Zara and Mike Tindall as 'private citizens with no titles' Harry's 416-page read is set for release on January 10, just two days after the interviews air. In the trailer for his interview with ITV, Harry appears to accuse the Royal Family of keeping him and Meghan Markle as "villains". In clips released, Harry also makes an apparent reference to the ongoing bitter rift. He is also heard saying that he wants his father King Charles and brother Prince William "back". READ MORE: 'There will be blood': Harry told there is no way back after 'weaponising' talks with King In a series of clips from the Harry's conversation with Mr Bradby, Harry says: "I want a family, not an institution." Although unclear who is he is referring to, Harry says "they feel as though it is better to keep us somehow as the villains" and "have shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile", although it is unclear who he is referring to. As well as Harry's interviews and upcoming memoir, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex released their six-episode docu-series last month. DON'T MISS Prince Harry and Meghan 'hurt' as new Netflix show flops [LATEST]Prince Harry 'wrong' to claim Charles 'not willing' to heal rift [REVEAL]Meghan and Harry urged to ditch anger and self-pity  [SPOTLIGHT] The highly-anticipated series, which received a mix reception, was aired in two parts, three episodes on December 8 and the final three on December 15. On December 31, the couple also released Live to Lead on Netflix. The couple were the executive producers of the show, and according to the streaming service's synopsis, the series follows "leaders committed to making a difference in the world" and watches them "share their inspiring life stories".