Prince Harry has been criticised in the United States for putting out family arguments for the world to see. Don Lemon, an anchorman on US broadcaster CNN, said it is "just not done" during a discussion about Harry's sharing details of grievances inside the Royal Family. Mr Lemon said: "To me it's just, I don't know, everyone has a family - I have arguments with my family - am I going to put that out there for the world to see? "I just don't understand why on earth he would want to put that out there. I know he's selling a book, but to me it's just... not done... It's gauche to me." The Duke has filmed three interviews to promote his book: one with ITV's Tom Bradby, which will air on Sunday at 9pm; one with CBS News's Anderson Cooper, which is out on Sunday evening in the US; and a Good Morning America interview due to be broadcast on Monday morning. In a clip released on Thursday, Mr Bradby challenges Harry on "invading the privacy of your most nearest and dearest without permission". Harry replies: "That would be the accusation from the people that don't understand or don't want to believe that my family have been briefing the press." ITV News At Ten presenter Bradby - a friend of Harry's - says: "Wouldn't your brother say to you, 'Harry, how could you do this to me after everything? After everything we went through?' Wouldn't that be what he would say?" Harry replies: "He would probably say all sorts of different things." Multiple leaks and the accidental sale of Harry's memoir in Spain have resulted in a flurry of explosive revelations from the Duke's memoir, which is officially on sale on January 10. READ ABOUT A RISE IN UNLIVEABLE MILITARY HOMES Harry alleges the heated confrontation with William took place at his then-home in London, Nottingham Cottage, in 2019, according to The Guardian. The newspaper said it obtained a copy of Spare despite tight pre-launch security. Harry writes: "(William) called me another name, then came at me. It all happened so fast. So very fast. He grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor. "I landed on the dog's bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me. I lay there for a moment, dazed, then got to my feet and told him to get out." DON'T MISS: Prince Harry labels Prince William his 'arch-nemesis' in new book [REVEALED] Harry decision to 'drag' William into Nazi costume scandal 'strange' [OPINION] Cops arrest golf course shooter [REPORT] Harry adds William had wanted to discuss "the whole rolling catastrophe" of their relationship and struggles with the press, but was already "piping hot" when he arrived at the cottage in the grounds of Kensington Palace. William went on to call Meghan "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive" in comments which Harry told him parroted "the press narrative" about his wife. Harry said he accused his brother of acting like an heir, unable to understand why his younger brother was not content to be a "spare". The book says insults were exchanged with William saying he was trying to help and Harry replying: "Are you serious? Help me? Sorry - is that what you call this? Helping me?" The Duke said the comment angered William who swore while stepping towards him, scaring him, with Harry going into the kitchen and William following. Harry writes that he gave his brother a glass of water and said: "Willy, I can't speak to you when you're like this." He then tells how William called him another name and then came at him, with it all happening "very fast" before the alleged physical confrontation. Harry writes that William urged him to hit back, citing fights they had as children, but that he refused and his brother left before returning, looking regretful and apologising. Harry writes William told him he did not need to tell "Meg" about this and claimed he didn't attack him. The Duke reveals he did not tell Meghan straightaway but did contact his therapist. He later admitted to his wife what happened when she saw the "scrapes and bruises". Harry has also recorded an interview with Good Morning America. A clip shows interviewer Michael Strahan asking him: "There is a quote in the book where your refer to your brother as your 'beloved brother and arch nemesis'. Strong words. What did you mean by that?" To which Harry replies: "There has always been this competition between us, weirdly. I think it really plays into or is played by the 'heir/spare'." The Duke's memoir, ghost written by JR Moehringer, comes weeks after Harry and Meghan's bombshell Netflix documentary in which he said he was terrified when William screamed and shouted at him during a tense Sandringham summit in 2020. Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10.