Manchester United star Casemiro is pleased with the club’s training ground facilities and doesn’t share the same negative view on them as Cristiano Ronaldo, according to reports. The midfielder was keen to know about Carrington before his arrival from Real Madrid back in the summer. And he seems to be loving life at his new club, though will miss their blockbuster showdown with Arsenal on Sunday. Manchester United signed Casemiro back in the summer after missing out on Frenkie de Jong, who had initially been their preferred target. And the 30-year-old has gone from strength to strength at Old Trafford in the time since, showcasing his talents every week in the Premier League. Before his arrival, Casemiro wanted to know about United’s facilities - wary of potentially downgrading as he considered his future. And The Times say the Brazil international has had ‘no complaints’ - which is in stark contrast to Ronaldo. Back in November, in a bombshell interview with Piers Morgan, Ronaldo decided to let rip on the Red Devils by saying: "Nothing has changed, the pool, the jacuzzi... even the gym. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big "Technologically, in the kitchen, even the 'chefs', who are people I really like and appreciate. They've stopped in time and that surprises me. "I was surprised because I expected to see different things, as I said, in terms of infrastructure, technology... but unfortunately I still see things that I already saw when I was 23 or 24 years old." Yet United, for their part, insist they’ve modernised things behind the scenes as they plan a route back to the top. The report says they spent £8million on improving Carrington last year, while they’ve earmarked £7m to build extra facilities. The swimming pool and spa downstairs has been ‘freshened and retiled’, while the first-team dressing room has received an upgrade as well. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see And these things have helped United bounce back after a chaotic campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Ronaldo is now a figure of United’s past, having been shown the door shortly after his interview with Morgan. It’s claimed Ten Hag gave him a genuine chance to be a part of the squad after the 37-year-old failed to engineer a move away from the club back in the summer. Yet Ronaldo ‘could or would not meet the brief’ and is now strutting his stuff in Saudi Arabia with Al-Nassr. Speaking recently, United legend Eric Cantona expressed a belief Ronaldo’s failure to accept his age contributed to his woes at Old Trafford. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "He came back here and United wasn't the United he left and sometimes he doesn't realise things changed,” said the Frenchman. “So maybe he was surprised so many things changed." He added: "Like (Zlatan) Ibrahimovic still does it with Milan, Ryan Giggs or (Paolo) Maldini when he was in Milan. “But I think Ronaldo didn't realise - and he still doesn't realise - he's not 25 years old. “He's just older and he should have realised that instead of being not happy to play some games, say, 'okay, I am not 25 years old, I cannot play every game, but I will help the young players and accept that situation and that's my situation'. "It's like everything in the world, you have people who accept they are older. You have to accept it. In everything we do. Not only in football. In everything.” United face Arsenal on Sunday afternoon (4.30pm). And they'll be hoping for a repeat of what happened earlier in the campaign, with Casemiro involved in a 3-1 win over the Gunners at Old Trafford.