Chelsea owner Todd Boehly has reportedly been telling confidants he’s ready to resist calls to sack Graham Potter despite the Blues enduring a nightmare season so far. Their campaign went from bad to worse with a 2-1 defeat to Fulham on Thursday night. Yet, for now, the 47-year-old remains safe. Chelsea were outplayed by Fulham on Thursday, with Joao Felix’s red card setting them back as goals from Willian and Carlos Vinicius gave the Cottagers all three points. Blues fans were then heard turning on Potter, who has overseen just one victory from his side’s last nine matches. Chelsea have, historically, been trigger-happy. Under Roman Abramovich they often axed managers on a whim, regardless of their reputations or past achievements. Boehly was certainly ruthless earlier in the season when he sacked Thomas Tuchel, despite the German guiding the club to Champions League glory less than two years ago. According to the Independent, however, the American has been telling confidants that he’s willing to persist with this current experiment. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here He’s said to have been ‘so strong on it’ that Boehly would ‘arguably look weak to the Clearlake investors’ if he performed a U-turn on his stance. But while Potter has the backing of the Chelsea owner, for the time being, the problems are mounting up. The west London giants have been hit by injury issues in recent times with many of their best players, and particularly Reece James, sorely missed. Yet some Chelsea transfer targets aren’t familiar with Potter, which is only adding to the issues behind the scenes. Next up for the Blues is a crunch showdown with Crystal Palace on Sunday, in a match they can’t afford to lose. And whether Potter is able to mastermind a turnaround in form and fortune remains to be seen, with his position looking increasingly precarious. Meanwhile, the Chelsea boss praised Felix for his display against Fulham - despite seeing the forward receive a straight red card in the second half. “We responded well but the red card changes the game. We could do better than we did on their goal and that’s what cost us,” he said. “Really disappointed to lose. “There’s a reaction from the side and it’s a forwards tackle, shall we say, and there was too much malice in it. “I understand why he’s sent off. It’s another blow. The hits just keep coming at the moment. That’s how it is. “He was really good and you could see his quality in the game so it’s doubly disappointing for us. “It’s tough. I feel for the supporters and the players and everyone at the club. “We have to just keep going. We have to keep working. There’s no other solution, move to the next match and try to get three points.” And he added: “It's really frustrating and challenging. I feel for the supporters. “We're disappointed to lose tonight. I thought it was an even game in the first half and we had a couple of chances. “I think the basics we could do better in terms of our defending and football actions. “We get back in the game and then the red card...it's where we're at at the moment in terms of things that can happen to us. “Joao was having a fantastic impact on the game, to lose him and to lose him for three matches was really disappointing.”