King Charles received a trendy Christmas present that was “wonderfully chosen”, however, he is not likely to wear them, a news report has claimed. According to a news report, His Majesty reportedly received one gift this Christmas that is seriously trendy with youngsters.  At that lunch, Charles was seen taking a shine to the artist's footwear, saying that his "goloshes" were "wonderfully chosen". However, a source to the Daily Mail's Ephraim Hardcastle column stated that was unlikely that His Majesty would be spotted out and about in his new bright yellow footwear. King Charles III had arrived at Sandringham, where he spent his first Christmas as monarch. Queen Elizabeth II hosted 32 Christmases at Sandringham House.   King Charles reportedly enjoyed a jolly festive period after it was revealed today that prior to heading to Sandringham for Christmas, he and Queen Consort Camilla enjoyed a party at a London pub. They had supposedly been enjoying a night out when a staff member accidentally bumped into him and apologised by saying, “Sorry, King”. A friend of His Majesty told the Daily Mail: "The King and Queen attended a party at the pub and the man had to carry up a big tray of appetisers from the kitchen. “He opened the door to the room using his back, so he could keep both hands on the heavy tray. READ MORE: Kate faces 'broadside' over Harry's 'unflinching honesty'  “Then he bumped into someone. “He turned around and saw it was the King. Shocked, he said: 'Sorry, King.' “He was later told by his boss that the King found it really funny and it was the first time he’d been called 'King'. “In future, he should call him, 'Your Majesty'.” DON'T MISS:Brits hit with 108 flood warnings as Met Office forecasts washout week [INSIGHT]Farage blasts Sunak over plan to make students study maths until 18 [SPOTLIGHT]NHS discharges patients into ‘care hotels’ to ease bed blocking  [REVEAL] Meanwhile, the next few days are going to be critical for King Charles as the release date for Prince Harry’s memoir Spare approaches. On Sunday night, Harry, the King's younger son, will give two bombshell interviews in the UK and the US ahead of the book's release. In trailers for the chats, the Duke of Sussex can be seen talking about his royal relatives and saying he wants his "father back." 