Yet for some, it was marred by the RMT and TSSA leadership’s decision to call rail strikes which caused misery for people up and down the country as they set off to meet their loved ones.  The grave financial situation the railway is in simply cannot continue if we are to secure the long-term future of our industry. Revenues have only recovered to around 80 percent of 2019 levels, so taxpayers’ are footing up to an extra £175 million every month to make up for the fall in passenger numbers since Covid - money that could go otherwise go to funding other pressed public services. This, alongside the government’s £31 billion of support during the pandemic, means rail is taking more than its fair share. Any recovery we have seen is down to more people making leisure journeys, often on cheaper advance tickets. The industry must adapt to that, and one of the key aims of our reforms is providing a more reliable, consistent service on Sundays to meet that new demand, with working arrangements formalised, rather than relying on goodwill. With changing travel patterns, we want staff to be more able to plug gaps in times of disruption, and to create new multi-skilled station roles, with a new industry-wide apprenticeship scheme providing a structured career path and salary progression for new entrants. It is vital we encourage people back to the railway who have developed a fondness for home-working and virtual meetings, and the current situation of last-minute cancellations and delays will only cause more people back into their cars. A month ago, we offered the RMT and TSSA an eight percent two year pay deal over 2022 and 2023. In return we sought changed working practices geared towards meeting our customers’ new needs and reducing the sector’s dependence on the goodwill of taxpayers. With union leaders rejecting the deal out of hand, they condemned their members to empty pay packets and days shivering on picket lines as the Christmas bills arrive. Our passengers and our people need these strikes to end. The truth is that we want the same thing as the unions - to give staff a pay rise, and to set the railway up to succeed into the future, rather than condemn it to a spiral of decline. We know that we can find a resolution that works for all sides and gives our passengers the more punctual, reliable railway they deserve. Our New Year’s resolution is to work tirelessly to deliver it. 