A classic cocktail, the Bloody Mary might help with a hangover thanks to its non-alcoholic ingredients, which include electrolyte water, vitamin C, and vitamin B6. Tomatoes also contain lycopene, which helps to combat the toxins in the liver. In his 2016 book Bread Street Kitchen, Gordon Ramsay shared the perfect Bloody Mary recipe. He wrote: “Weekend brunch wouldn’t be complete without a Bloody Mary – or a Virgin Mary if you prefer – and this spice mix from my Bread Street Kitchen restaurant in London is hard to beat.” The recipe makes 310ml of spice mix and serves 20 to 30 people. For those wanting to cure their hangover today, they can use a lot less mix. The recipe’s ingredients and method are below. Ingredients for spice mix Two fresh basil leaves Leaves from ½ a rosemary sprig ½ a celery stick, trimmed Two green olives, pitted DON'T MISS:Lee Mack’s quiet life with his wife Tara in charming Surrey town [INSIGHT]‘Worst’ home improvement for adding property value - ‘don't do it’ [EXPERT]Banish ‘hard to remove’ tea cup stains with ‘no scrubbing’ [TIPS] One green chilli, deseeded ½ a shallot, roughly chopped ½tsp paprika ½tsp cayenne pepper ½tsp black peppercorns ½tsp garlic salt ½tsp Dijon mustard ½tsp horseradish sauce 250ml (9fl oz) Worcestershire sauce READ MORE: ‘Only’ solution to ‘fully’ remove condensation and damp from your home Ingredients for each Bloody Mary 25ml (¾fl oz) vodka (optional, see tip below) 150ml (5fl oz) fresh tomato juice Ice cubes, to serve Slices of lemon, cucumber or celery, to garnish (optional) Method Sterilise a bottle or jar by washing it in hot soapy water, then leave to dry in a low oven for 15 minutes. Put the spice mix ingredients in a blender and blitz until smooth. Pour into the bottle or jar, seal and chill for up to five days if preferrable. To make each Bloody Mary, pour the vodka (if using) and tomato juice into a jug, add two to three teaspoon (or to taste) of the spice mix and stir. Pour into a glass over ice and garnish with slices of lemon, cucumber or celery (if using).