The Royal Family "probably" laughed at the notion of TV star Kim Kardashian purchasing the late Princess Diana's diamond and amethysts piece, according to Valentine Low. Kardashian bought the Attallah Cross for $200,000 (£161,573) during Sotheby's Royal and Noble auction on January 19. While news of the purchase surprised many commentators, Low suggested the incident likely left the Royal Family unaffected bar a brief laugh at the breakfast table. He told US Weekly: "I think they probably laugh at it. Laugh about it over the breakfast table and move on. "They certainly wouldn’t be annoyed, I don’t think." The cross was originally bought by The Women's Press owner Naim Attallah, who repeatedly lent it to the then Princess of Wales through the 1980s and 1990s. According to the auction house, the piece was among Princess Diana's favourites: "Through Attallah’s friendship with Princess Diana, he loaned it to her several times over a number of years. JUST IN: Princess Kate follows Queen and Philip's golden rule on public engagements "It is understood that the cross was only ever worn by the Princess and following her death, it was never seen in public again until now." Head of Jewellery Kristian Spofforth said Sotheby's had been "delighted" for Kardashian to have secured the stunning cross. Spofforth said: "This is a bold piece of jewellery by its size, colour and style which cannot fail to make a vibrant statement, whether it be of faith or fashion -- or indeed both. "We are delighted that this piece has found a new lease of life within the hands of another globally famous name." READ MORE: William sees Harry as a 'lost cause' as the Prince of Wales rebuffs his brother's demands Diana notably wore the Attallah Cross paired up with a black and purple velvet Catherine Walker dress as she attended a charity gala in support of Birthright in October 1987. The Attallah Cross was made by renowned royal jeweller Garrard in the 1920s, a one-off commission from a regular client. It features 11 amethysts set in a diamond-encrusted cross enriched by flowery design details. Ramsay Attallah, who inherited the piece from his father, noted Diana particularly loved the piece and would often ask to borrow it for special private occasions. Attallah said: "Princess Diana and my father were friends and I remember that she often came to see him at the historic Garrard store on Regent Street, where his office was, and she would ask to borrow the pendant on several occasions – she really loved the piece." DON'T MISS The pendant became a regular feature in the late royal's wardrobe at a time when her confidence with her outfits boomed, leading her to become a fashion icon. The mid-1980s marked a clear passage from her previously subdued and romantic style to a bolder approach. Garrard pieces remained a staple in her wardrobe as she showed a particular appreciation for their style and make. Her engagement ring, which is now worn by Kate, the Princess of Wales, was made by the jewellery-maker as a stock piece.