Meghan Markle has been accused of "converting" the Duke of Sussex to a "new religion of woke" by David Starkey. The presenter made the comments on Thursday's instalment of Bev Turner Today during a discussion about the Duke's book, Spare, causing an alleged surge in support for an Australian republic.  David claimed: "There are two Harrys, aren't there? There is the Harry you knew and there is the Harry that has been taken over by Meghan. "I mean Harry is a convert to the new religion of woke, the person who converted him was Meghan. "You always need a priest and a priestess if you convert somebody and she has converted him. "Of course, the poor lad is too stupid, he's basically very stupid. He's nice but stupid which is why the Army was so good for him." READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star He continued: "The Army takes young decent, but not very bright boys of every class and it puts them into that fruitful discipline the police now like." However, host Bev Turner challenged David following his tirade against Meghan and Harry. She said: "I don't know if we can blame Meghan - we can't blame Meghan entirely. "You see him doing his interviews for Spare and she wasn't there pulling the strings.  "That was all straight from him you know..." The debate divided GB News viewers who took to Twitter to share their opinions about David's comments. Neil said: "As usual Starkey is on the money with no woke nonsense!" J shared: "David Starkey always delivers, the man nailed it." (sic) DON'T MISS...King 'won't host peace summit' with Harry and Meghan before Coronation [ROYALS]Harry and Meghan's own biographer warns public hit by 'Sussex fatigue' [LATEST]Meghan Markle's first three-word message to Harry revealed [INSIGHT] Rachel added: "Loving @davidstarkeyCBE's knowledge, intellect and eloquence. I don't think he realises how funny he is. He's brilliant." Steve Cooper commented: "The one person you can rely on for truth is David, well done yet again." Meanwhile, Lynette McLennan penned: "Another antiquated dinosaur who doesn’t relate to change or the younger generation." Mark fumed: "Starkey is a far-right clown." (sic)  David's observations come in the wake of Harry's tell-all memoir being released earlier this month. The Prince has participated in a variety of televised interviews about the book which have been met with criticism. The 38-year-old royal discloses details about his sex life, using drugs when he was younger and his rift with Prince William within Spare. Bev Turner Today airs Monday to Thursday between 10am and 12pm on GB News. 