Ricky Martin has been named the most successful winner of The Apprentice. Appearing in season eight, his company Hyper Recruitment Solutions has £2.26million in net assets. This is the highest of any winning contestant’s business to date. The entrepreneur secured a £250,000 investment from Lord Alan Sugar after winning The Apprentice in 2012. Hyper Recruitment Solutions (HRS) is a highly compliant, recruitment consultancy dedicated to the Science and Technology sectors. His company aims to find the best scientists to help create life-saving drugs. New data found Mr Martin was “the most successful winner” of the popular BBC programme. READ MORE: Five energy providers giving up to £250 worth of free credit to customers - can you claim?  A spokesperson for CMC Markets commented on the research: “Not only can the investment from Lord Sugar be transformative for many contestants’ business but the brand recognition from being featured on the show can also greatly increase the winner’s chances of successfully running their business, even many years after appearing on the series.” After winning the show, Mr Martin believed that his success had allowed him to make a real difference with his “life-changing company.” He said: “We are not just a recruitment company trying to put people in jobs and take money — we are a company that changes lives.” HRS turned over a staggering £8million in the 12 months up to June 2018, achieving a 106 percent growth on profit and a 90 percent growth on turnover.  READ MORE: DWP benefit claimants due up to £1,350 in cost of living boost - when to expect payments In 2018, Mr Martin led his company to a pre-tax profit of over £1million. On the HRS blog he said: “I couldn’t be prouder of the whole team at HRS who have got us to where we are today. “To have grown from a company of just one back in 2012 to a business with 50 staff across three major UK cities, that makes a difference to so many people, is remarkable.” Lord Sugar commented: “Investing in Ricky was a no-brainer, his understanding of the recruitment industry combined with his passion for business has resulted in the success Hyper Recruitment Solutions sees today. “Being the first Apprentice winner to hit the £1million pre-tax profit mark is just the start, I know the future is bright for HRS going forward.” On Nationalword.com, it stated that in the year ending June 2020 his company reported sales of £11.9million, with a pre-tax profit of £1.4million and post-tax profit of £1.1million. While it did not reveal its sales or profits figures when it last filed in June 2021, the report stated turnover rose by 15 percent year-on-year, so it can be assumed sales were in the region of £13.7million. The company also declared £400,000 in dividends for shareholders (Martin and Amsvest) in 2020 in which they declared almost £2million in dividends. Episodes of The Apprentice are available on BBC iPlayer.