Arsenal believe Mykhaylo Mudryk can be a footballing great in the future as they look to sign the winger from Shakhtar Donetsk, it has been claimed. The Gunners are huge admirers of the Ukraine international, with Edu looking to tie up a deal. However, with Shakhtar wanting huge money to let their prized asset go, it remains to be seen if he’ll be on the move to the Premier League. Arsenal have been flying so far this season, with Arteta steering his side seven points clear of Manchester City at the top of the Premier League table. And, as the Gunners look to win the title for the first time since 2004, they’re aiming to strengthen this squad this winter. Arsenal are reportedly prepared to pay as much as £85million to land Mudryk from Shakhtar, with the Gunners working to find a compromise. And, according to Fabrizio Romano, they feel the 21-year-old has the potential to become a footballing great in the coming years ahead. “I think their main focus remains on Mykhaylo Mudryk,” he told GiveMeSport. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “The feeling of all the people in the industry is that Arsenal know how special this guy can become in the next few years.” Mudryk was relatively unknown before the start of the season but, now, has become a household name as a result of his stirring performances in his homeland. He’s bagged 10 goals from 18 games across all competitions, including three in the Champions League. And he’s also registered an impressive eight assists as well, establishing himself as one of European football’s most-exciting youngsters as a result. Should Arsenal cough up the money Shakhtar want, then it would make Mudryk the most-expensive signing in the club’s entire history. Nicolas Pepe currently tops the list, with the Gunners spending a massive £72m on the Ivory Coast international back in the summer of 2019. And they’ve also spent lavishly on Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Ben White, Alexandre Lacazette and Gabriel Jesus in recent years, too. Arsenal have signed two players from Ukraine in the past as well. Oleh Luzhnyi moved from Dynamo Kiev back in 1999 and had a successful stint in north London, where he won the Premier League title. And, just this summer, the Gunners bolstered their backline by recruiting Oleksandr Zinchenko from Manchester City. Former Liverpool star Jamie Carragher, meanwhile, thinks Mudryk would be an exciting signing for Arsenal if they’re able to get a deal over the line. “I think Mudryk would be a really exciting signing from what we've seen in the Champions League,” he told Sky Sports. And Carragher also admitted he’d love to see Arsenal win the title, adding: "I would love to see Arsenal win the Premier League. “It's nice to talk about different teams doing different things and for a lot of the time I've been with Sky Sports, Arsenal haven't been particularly good and I've had to be quite negative about them. “But look at the start of the season they've had: one defeat, one draw and the rest they've won - and that defeat they didn't deserve to lose. “It's good to see a different team up there, a different story. I really like what Mikel Arteta has done, I interviewed him a few weeks ago and it went really well. “I love watching his team play. They're young players, have lots of energy, it's exciting and it's fast. “When they're on TV, you want to watch them. I would love them to go on and do it.”