A priest has been burned alive and another was seriously injured by gunmen during an attack. Armed men set light to the home of Father Isaac Achi yesterday morning after they could not get into the property.    Father Achi died in the fire and another priest, Father Collins, who was at the home at the time, was injured after getting shot while trying to escape.   The objective for the attack in Paikoro, a local government area in Nigeria, West Africa, is not yet clear.   Nigerian media outlets report that there have been other incidents of priests being targeted in a similar way in the majority Muslim north.   Next month Nigeria holds an election to choose a new president and vice president. But there are concerns that polls might not be held in some areas due to crimes like kidnappings and killings leading to people fearing for their safety.  Niger state governor Sani Bello said: “This is a sad moment. For a priest to be killed in such a manner means that we are not all safe.   “These terrorists have lost it, and drastic action is needed to end this ongoing carnage.”   A post on the Archdiocese of Glasgow's Facebook page revealed that the attack happened in the diocese which is home to three priests serving in Glasgow parishes.   Glasgow Evening Times reports that people have been asked to remember the Nigerian priests in their prayers.   READ MORE: Thugs try to chop off man’s arms and legs in horror machete attack  The message on Facebook read: "Another tragedy in Nigeria has taken place with a priest burnt to death.   "The attack took place in the diocese which is home to three priests serving in Glasgow parishes - Fathers Thaddeus, Ezra and Chido.   "On Sunday morning in Nigeria's Niger State, a group of bandits attacked the parish residence of St. Peter and Paul Catholic Church in Kafin Koro, Paikoro region, before dawn.   "Their attack caused the death of Father Isaac Achi and the wounding of Father Collins."   DON'T MISSBryan Kohberger shares chilling trait with notable serial killers [REPORT]Mafia 'boss of all bosses' Matteo Messina Denaro arrested in Sicily [REVEALED]Police honour bereaved five-year-old boy with motorbike escort  [PICTURED]  The Facebook post went on to say: "Upon the arrival of security forces at the scene, the bandits fled, setting the house on fire from which Father Achi was unable to flee.  "Please remember all our Nigerian priests in your prayers as this awful unrest consumes their homeland."   Niger state’s police spokesperson Wasiu Abiodun said: “The bandits attempted to enter the residence, but failed, and set fire to the house, while the Reverend Father died charred. "The lifeless body of Father Achi was recovered while Father Collins was taken to hospital for treatment.”  Investigations into the attack, which happened at around 3am local time yesterday, are ongoing. 