Roy Keane has been shown up for comments he made about Arsenal in an argument broadcast live on Sky Sports in 2020 with the Gunners now flying in the Premier League under Mikel Arteta. In the recently resurfaced footage, the former Manchester United captain suggested that the Gunners had no real plan under the Spaniard with fellow pundit Tim Cahill arguing the opposite. It has taken time for Arsenal to see the fruits of Arteta’s labour with the 40-year-old failing to see instant success in the league after taking over from Unai Emery in 2019. Results meant he sometimes came under criticism from pundits and supporters alike with Keane among his most vocal detractors. Footage has now reemerged from an argument the Irishman had with Cahill live on Sky Sports in 2020 after the Gunners had beaten United 1-0 at Old Trafford. The Aussie argued that the club were going places under Arteta as they had a well-defined high-pressing style however Keane disagreed citing the team’s recent defeats. “When you watch arsenal against Leicester and you see the high press how aggressive they were in the first half here,” Cahill began. “Arsenal were just outside the 18-yard box on a corner and they were trying to suffocate them press him in win the second ball, win the third ball.” “Arsenal lost to Leicester,” a bemused Keane then butted in. “Did they lose to Leicester?” “Mikel knows the reason why they loss,” the former Everton striker replied. “They missed their chances in the first half.” “How many league games have Arsenal lost this season?” Keane retorted. Cahill replied: "The key thing is Arsenal are progressing, because there is an identity. There is a formula to the way they play. They play out from the back and they'll keep playing out from the back and that's why I think Mikel deserves a lot of praise.” The Irishman was still unconvinced, saying: “Can I ask you one question? How many games have Arsenal lost this season?” DON'T MISSArsenal allowing player to leave hints at first January signing for ArtetaMan Utd boss Ten Hag confirms fresh injury blow and Weghorst debut planMudryk could sting Arsenal twice as Edu set to pay price for transfer failure “There's three,” the former Everton striker responded. “But they know why they've lost. They finished the game last year but they finished the game and then move on.” “So what you are saying is Arsenal are the new Bayern Munich?,” a visibly irritated Keane stated. “Do me a favour.” However, it is Cahill who has had the last laugh with Arteta’s Arsenal surging to the top of the Premier League as the Gunners reap the benefits of their manager’s long-term plan. In contrast, Keane may be left feeling red-faced if he ever watched the footage back.