The Los Angeles Lakers have lost another game and look like they are in serious need of roster adjustments heading into the second half of the season. They now sit 13th out of 15 in the Western Conference and look destined to miss the playoffs for the second conseuctive season. If the Lakers are going to even make the post-season, they are going to have to make a few roster moves, and will be handicapped with what they can do. It seems apparent that they will not consider trading superstar Anthony Davis, nor Russell Westbrook, who is now in a sixth man role. Those two players have max contracts, and take up a large amount of the Lakers salary cap alongside LeBron James. Therefore, they may be forced to look at free agent options - those without a team who could step in right away and contribute, giving them any kind of upgrade at certain areas of their roster. Here, Express Sports looks at five potential players. One name who the Lakers have been linked with this week is Meyers Leonard. A big-man who shoots the ball from deep as well as anybody in the league, Leonard could realistically be a starter for the Lakers should they agree to sign him. The 30-year-old has been out of the league for two years after using a racially insenstive word whilst on a live stream, although he stated he was unaware of the true meaning of the words. Every team can always add shooters and be better off for it, but that's especially true for the Lakers. Not only are they the worst three-point shooting team in the NBA, but it's a skillset that players around James must have for him to be at his best level. Ben McLemore has been a player who James has been a fan of since his college days, and could certainly step in as a reliable deep-threat in order for the team to spread the floor. He spent time with the Lakers two years ago, and showed he can be a scorer off the bench. Another former Laker, DJ Augustin, is a player who should probably already be on the team. Augustin is a veteran at 35, but can still run an offence and have a role as a spot-up shooter for the Lakers to offensively blow teams out of the water. Then there is the curious case of DeMarcus Cousins.. On his day, he is one of the best bigmen in the league, still being able to dominate in the paint whilst also being a reliable three-point shooter. But he has not been able to stick with a team, and likely knows this will be his last chance. He has recently stated he is desperate to be back on a team. And if the Lakers want to continue to go big, they could look at Hassan Whiteside. One of the better rebounders and shot-blockers of the last decade, Whiteside will not bring a lot offensively, but will make the Lakers a tough team to score on the inside, and is a more than capable back-up.