Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag could make changes against Crystal Palace on Wednesday night as he prepares for Sunday's trip to Premier League leaders Arsenal. The Red Devils travel to Selhurst Park looking for a 10th successive win to continue brewing an unlikely title challenge. With fixtures coming thick and fast and United still challenging in four competitions, Ten Hag will have to utilise all four corners of his squad in the coming months. And the Palace visit presents a good opportunity to do so, including handing a debut to January signing Wout Weghorst. Express Sport runs through how United could line up against the Eagles, where a win would send them temporarily second in the Premier League. Ten Hag may make as many as six changes for the trip to Selhurst Park, but there won't be one in goal. Jack Grealish's Manchester derby header was the first Premier League goal David de Gea has conceded since the World Cup. An away game under the lights always carries the potential of the Spaniard needing to be at his best. Jack Butland is ineligible to feature in United's squad due to being on loan from Palace, so Tom Heaton will deputise. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Diogo Dalot missed the Manchester City win through injury and likely won't be rushed back after another strong performance in Aaron Wan-Bissaka's resurgence. The right-back has been linked with a Palace return this month, but he is now expected to remain at United beyond the winter deadline. It's hard to picture Raphael Varane starting three games in the space of a week. Harry Maguire could replace him, and Lisandro Martinez may be in line for his first Premier League start since the World Cup. Tyrell Malacia could keep his place after an inspired derby display, but expect Luke Shaw to switch centre-back for left-back. READ MORE: Conte throws Levy and Paratici under bus with 'bad habit' remarks In midfield comes a dilemma for Ten Hag. If Casemiro or Fred are booked against Palace, they will miss the Arsenal clash through suspension. For that reason, it wouldn't be surprising to see both drop out of the starting line-up in south London and return on Sunday. Scott McTominay could earn a rare start alongside Christian Eriksen in the double pivot amid ongoing links to Newcastle United. And after naming him his Man of the Match against Man City, Ten Hag is likely to retain Bruno Fernandes as his talisman. DON'T MISS: Ten Hag confirms fresh injury blow and explains Weghorst debut plan Injury concerns could produce wholesale changes in attack, starting with Antony returning to the starting line-up on the right. Marcus Rashford played through a knock to net the winner against City, his ninth consecutive home goal. Therefore, it would be wise to use him as an emergency substitute ahead of Arsenal, with Alejandro Garnacho starting on the left. Weghorst is in line to make his United debut after Anthony Martial withdrew from the derby with an injury issue at half-time. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here