Manchester United could face a fight to keep Alejandro Garnacho at the club beyond his current contract, with heavyweight interest brewing across Europe. Juventus and Real Madrid are among the sharks circling the 18-year-old winger as United attempt to tie him down to a new deal. Garnacho has emerged as one of the continent's most exciting teenagers this season, flourishing under Erik ten Hag. The Dutchman's impressive track record of developing young talent contributed to his appointment as United continue one of the club's most important traditions. A year after joining from Atletico Madrid, Garnacho penned a professional contract at Old Trafford in July 2021. Less than two years on, his £7,000-a-week salary no longer reflects his role in Ten Hag's plans, and he is in line for an improved contract. However, according to the Independent, Garnacho's camp have told United that a £20,000-a-week offer isn't enough to keep him at the club. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE And with his current deal expiring in 2024, albeit with the option of a further year, concern could be rising amid blockbuster interest from elsewhere. The report claims that Juventus are keeping tabs on Garnacho's situation, joining Real Madrid and 'every major football agent'. He is yet to sign on the dotted line, and United have learned in the past that leaving such scenarios too late has frustrating consequences. The Red Devils lost Paul Pogba to Juve in 2012 and Ander Herrera to Paris Saint-Germain in 2019 on free transfers, as two examples. DON'T MISS: Man Utd 'in Declan Rice running' and have done work to beat Arsenal Despite the warranted fears among the fanbase, United are understood to be taking a measured approach and insist that contract discussions with Garnacho have been 'positive'. The 20-time English champions have stressed the same message to the teenage starlet in talks; continue approaching football the right way, and the rewards will follow. But it would undoubtedly be in United's best interests to get Garnacho to commit his future to the club as soon as possible, as he continues to boost his reputation as a potential superstar by the performance. Contract talk will be in the background for Ten Hag, as important as it is. Garnacho has emerged as one of the most dangerous weapons at his disposal, and he must ensure his entire sight remains on the pitch. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here