A horrified mother feels that the council is "waiting for us to die" in a flat so badly "riddled with mould" that it is even in her daughter's shoes. Beverley Simms, 61, is desperately pleading with Camden Council to re-house them before her symptoms of living with mould and fungus get worse. The pair moved into their Kentish Town council flat in north London in October 2021.  Beverley viewed the flat prior to moving in and said there didn't seem to be any problems with it being all "painted up". But a few months later, they began noticing mould in their bathroom with Beverley contacting the council about the growing issue in January 2022, reports MyLondon. Beverley called the council about the growing issue in January 2022 but it wasn't until April, when the mould had spread to the kitchen, bathroom, and bedrooms, that someone attended, she claims. Soon, the mould had spread to their clothes, mattresses and shoes - with the floor becoming slippery and wet due to "rising damp". A workman visited the property in April to inspect the growing problem, but eight months later she says there has still been nothing done to remove the mould. Beverley and Shenika, who works with special needs children, were forced to sleep in the living room as the mould entered their bedrooms. Beverley even claims mould made it onto her toothbrush and they have now discovered it on the sofa they are sleeping on. And Beverley's health has suffered as a result of the mould, as she says she felt dizzy and had issues with vomiting. They have both been suffering from headaches as well which they believe is linked to the mould and fungus in their home. READ MORE: Doctor warns of key lung cancer symptoms  A doctor's note seen by MyLondon says it is "very important Beverley is moved as soon as possible" as the "severe mould" in her flat is "causing stress and distress as well as exacerbating her symptoms of vertigo and heart palpitations". She said it feels like Camden Council is "waiting for us to die" and has been thinking about Awaab Ishak, the toddler who was found to have died from prolonged exposure to mould. Beverley and Shenika say they only recently became aware that the property had mould before they moved in. Shenika found an email sent to her, not Beverley, which said mould and fungus was being wiped down and painted over. Beverley questions why this was sent to her young daughter, rather than herself. "Why would they make us move somewhere they know it would happen again?" she wants to know. DON'T MISS:Meghan's bridesmaid dress tailor breaks silence on row with Kate [INSIGHT]Christian teacher accused of misgendering trans pupil denies claims [COMMENT]Royal Mail hit by 'severe disruption' after 'cyber attack' [PICTURES]  Beverley and Shenika have been offered another property, but they claim the council is refusing to do all of the repairs they have requested and hasn't been clear about when it will be available. Beverley says it is also a downgrade as in their current flat she has a king sized bed whereas the new place has single beds and two-seater settees. They also want compensation as they bought many things new for the flat and believe it isn't their fault that their belongings have been destroyed, but Beverley claims that Camden Council has refused to offer compensation. A Camden Council spokesperson said their focus is to move Beverley and Shenika to their new home. They admitted that addressing the causes of the damp and mould has been "complicated" because the council is the leaseholder for the flat, but isn't the freeholder of the building. They said: "We are here to help Ms Simms and her daughter. Our focus right now is helping the family move to another home permanently as soon as possible. We have found a new home, decorated it and are offering to provide basic furniture, so that when the home is ready, the family will be able to move in straight away. Addressing the causes of the damp and mould has been complicated by the fact that Camden Council is not the freeholder of the building, but we are treating this matter as a priority and are in regular contact with the family. 