King Charles began his day in northwest England with a visit to the Kellogg's site in Manchester - a company he had also visited in 1974. This is the first time the monarch travelled to an engagement by Royal Train, a means of transport late Queen Elizabeth II had often adopted, since Prince Harry levelled a number of allegations and criticism at the Royal Family both in interviews and in his memoir, Spare, which was released on January 10. Queen Camilla has been one of the targets of the Duke of Sussex, accused of being willing to trade information with the press in order to rehabilitate her image. Harry, who in his memoir lamented how his position of "spare" in the family was often highlighted by words or actions, also took aim at Prince William, accused, among other things, to be competitive with him. The King was also mentioned by Harry in his recent interviews and book but, while his office is accused of improving Charles and Camilla's public image by briefing the press against the Sussexes, Harry conceded his father tried his best as a single parent and even depicted a few heartfelt moments in the book showing the monarch's affection for his son. Today also marks the King's first public appearance since the release of a survey which showed most members of the Royal Family were hit by a slump in popularity. Prince William and Kate were among those who suffered a dip in how positively they are seen by the UK public, an Ipsos Mori poll conducted in the UK on 1000 adults aged between 18 and 75 on January 10 and 11 suggested.  The heir to the throne's popularity was reduced by eight percentage points, the survey suggested, while Kate's declined by seven. Nevertheless, the Prince and Princess of Wales remain the most popular members of the Royal Family according to the pollster, with ratings of 61 percent and 60 percent respectively. The King's popularity was also hit, dipping by three points, while Queen Camilla continues to be seen positively by 38 percent of those polled. Upon arriving in Manchester, King Charles appeared in high spirits and unfazed by the bumps in the road the Firm is experiencing. READ MORE: The rise and fall of Edward VIII — Britain’s ‘Traitor King’ Charles's visited the Kellogg's site today to mark the company's 100th anniversary in the UK. The monarch was taken to the factory floor where one of the company's most successful products, Corn Flakes, is packaged. Wearing a white lab coat, Charles engaged with staff, asking questions about their job and the packaging process. At the Manchester's site, the largest cereal factory in Europe and the biggest Corn Flakes factory in the world, Charles also heard how the company is working on sustainable packaging and energy use. Charles was also been escorted to The Culinary Centre, the company's new research and development hub where the King watched a live cooking demonstration and heard about efforts to reduce the quantity of salt and sugar in Kellogg's cereals. The royal also heard how the new facility will benefit the local community through a charity partnership with Foundation 92, which focuses on supporting people to improve their lives through sport, education and bespoke projects. Before unveiling a plaque marking his visit, Charles met a group of interns and young engineering apprentices to hear about Kellogg’s long-standing apprenticeship scheme. Kellogg's has long been associated with the Royal Family, as it started holding the Royal Warrant since the reign of King George VI. Moreover, it has supplied Buckingham Palace with its cereal for decades, historically making its deliveries in a small van called Genevieve.