Liverpool owners Fenway Sports Group have reportedly rubbished claims that the club is on the brink of being taken over by Qatari investors. Last November, FSG revealed that they were looking for new investors to come on board after owning the club for 13 years. FSG purchased Liverpool for just £300million in 2010. And under their ownership, the Anfield giants have lifted the Champions League and Club World Cup trophies, as well as winning the FA Cup, two Carabao Cups and their first Premier League title. Recent reports have suggested that Qatari investors have become the frontrunners to get their hands on the club. But, according to The Athletic, no discussions are at an advanced stage and FSG’s current preference is to sell a small portion of the club rather than sanction a full takeover. But nothing is imminent on that front either. US banks Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley have been sounding out interest since last autumn, with the Reds said to be valued at more than £3billion. But FSG are yet to receive any suitably attractive proposals. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE   “There have been a number of recent changes of ownership and rumours of changes in ownership at EPL clubs and inevitably we are asked regularly about Fenway Sports Group’s ownership in Liverpool,” read a statement from FSG in November. “FSG has frequently received expressions of interest from third parties seeking to become shareholders in Liverpool. FSG has said before that under the right terms and conditions we would consider new shareholders if it was in the best interests of Liverpool as a club. FSG remains fully committed to the success of Liverpool, both on and off the pitch.” DON'T MISSMan Utd set for bidding war as Ratcliffe and INEOS launch takeover attemptNewcastle 'really love' Maddison and draw up plans to 'attack' transfer againMan Utd boss Ten Hag confirms fresh injury blow and Weghorst debut plan  Liverpool have suffered a dismal campaign on the pitch this time around and have fallen to ninth in the Premier League table after winning just eight of their 18 matches. The Reds look likely to miss out on Champions League qualification as they are 10 points behind fourth-place Manchester United. Jurgen Klopp’s team suffered the ignominy of being thrashed 3-0 by Brighton at the American Express Community Stadium on Saturday as they tasted top-flight defeat for the sixth time of the campaign. And that result came after they had been defeated 3-1 by Brentford at the start of the month. But the Reds got back to winning ways on Tuesday evening as they overcame Wolves in an FA Cup third round replay. Harvey Elliott scored the only game of the game courtesy of a thumping long-range effort in the 13th minute as the Reds set-up a fourth round showdown with their weekend conquerors Brighton.