With energy bills on the rise and many not heating their homes as often this winter, an expert has shared the furniture items in your home which you might want to reconsider or move. Nic Shacklock from Online-Bedrooms said: “There are ways to maximise the heat within our homes and a lot of people may be unaware that certain things in their homes actually make their house feel colder. “You can’t beat having texture in your home at this time of year, things like curtains, throws and rugs all absorb heat and redistribute it into the air. “That’s why I’d advise anyone with leather sofas to lay a couple of blankets or throws over them, or if you have laminate flooring consider investing in a rug for the colder months. It makes a world of difference.” The expert has shared seven things which could be making your home colder, including leather sofas. Leather sofas don’t absorb heat as well as fabric which could make them feel slightly colder than any fabric item in the home. READ MORE: DIY expert shares how to paint radiators for a ‘seamless’ finish Nic said: “Try covering your leather sofa in the winter with some blankets or throws, this will make it feel more cosy and will allow it to absorb more heat.” If you have laminate or tile flooring, you’ll notice it tends to feel a lot colder on your feet during the winter month. As a temporary measure, the expert recommended laying down a rug. This will help your feet to feel less cold and it will help the room to feel warmer overall as it absorbs the heat. The expert explained: “Thin curtains may not be making your house feel colder but they won’t do a great job at keeping the cold out. DON'T MISS:Six ‘easy’ and ‘exciting’ cheap improvements to make in 2023 [COMMENT]Six ‘common’ gardening mistakes to avoid making [INSIGHT]Electrician shares ‘clever’ curtain method to keep your home warm [EXPERT] “Curtains can be expensive but the good news is you can add some lining to your existing ones to thicken them up. Just take some lining or some blankets and get to sewing.” If you have curtains over a door, it also may be worth investing in longer ones to help keep the draughts out. If you do have curtains, keep them open during the hours of the day when the sun is shining towards your windows and close them when the sun starts to set. Closing them after will keep the warmth inside the home, while allowing the sun to shine in will help to heat the home. READ MORE: Five tasks you ‘definitely’ shouldn’t DIY Nic continued: “Although they look small, gaps between your floor and skirting board is the perfect place for heat to escape. “Try to seal up any gaps to avoid draughts seeping through. If your skirting boards are quite old it might be worth getting them refitted so they’re nice and secure." If you notice draughts coming from your windows, then it may be worth giving them a DIY makeover to help them keep the cold out and the warmth in. The expert recommended placing some self-adhesive foam tape around the window frame to help block the cold air. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Having furniture like sofas, coffee tables or beds in front of radiators will mean they absorb the heat instead of allowing it to be circulated around the room. Try to keep the space clear around radiators to enjoy the heat as much as possible. Nic explained: “An open chimney could be letting in more cold than you think. One option is to temporarily block the chimney however you’ll need to get a professional in to do this. “Chimneys should never be sealed off at the top as this can trap heat inside the chimney and cause overheating.”