Over the past few months, Andrea Bocelli has been flying all over the world on tour as he promotes his new album, A Family Christmas. The festive record is his first collaborative work with both his son Matteo Bocelli, 25, and daughter Virginia Bocelli, 10. The two siblings, who have inherited their father’s incredible vocals, have been joining the maestro for all sorts of live events including a performance at the Festival of Remembrance in the Royal Albert Hall. Alongside cameoing on The Simpsons, the trio have filmed themselves singing high up in the Italian Alps. The Bocellis were captured singing 11,371ft up on Mont Blanc, the highest mountain in the Alps and Western Europe. There the trio performed Il Giorno più Speciale, an Italian track from their new album. Penned by Andrea and Matteo, it translates as The Most Special Day. Most recently, the Italian maestro has shared a New Year photograph of himself with Matteo and Virginia in a family picture that also includes the tenor's wife Veronica and other son Amos. Andrea captioned the Instagram post: “I like to think of New Year's Eve as the day that celebrates each new day, the anniversary that celebrates the moment when the mind begins to control the body. Having regained its strength from sleep, the body regulates itself once more, with its own senses, in the world and in the harmonic cycle of nature. I wish you, your loved ones and everyone a festive New Year, full of trust and gratitude, a New Year characterised by that sunny feeling that - as nature's biorhythm teaches us - is renewed each day. In my well-wishes, I think of how a festival that was born pagan can be so full of religion. God does not need to prove his existence: His miracle is in every sunrise. Just look at the immense complexity that your living body harbors, just listen to yourself and the passing of time.” READ MORE: Andrea Bocelli sings with Virginia Bocelli, 10, at Royal Albert Hall Andrea added: “Every achievement, be it personal or professional, technological, scientific, artistic, even the most striking, is nothing compared to the silent work of a living body, of a flower that is born or that withers and then returns to the Earth to give life once more. Today, I wish you a rich life from the bottom of my heart, and a 2023 full of affection and good news.” A Family Christmas is out now.