Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has fumed at his players after Sunday's last-gasp 3-2 defeat against Premier League leaders Arsenal. The Red Devils were denied a point late on at the Emirates Stadium, which Ten Hag has put down to 'unacceptable' mistakes. United have garnered praise for their fight in north London, going ahead in the first half through a stunning Marcus Rashford strike before Lisandro Martinez equalised after the break. But Eddie Nketiah's brace, including a 90th-minute winner, and Bukayo Saka sensational effort earned the Gunners a well-deserved win to boost their title prospects. That is a point where Ten Hag wants to take United. However, he has made it clear that they won't get there if they don't change their mentality. And he has fumed at his players after full-time, slamming mistakes for all three of Arsenal's goals. He told BBC Sport: "Of course, we are disappointed when you lose this game at a late stage. All the goals we conceded today are mistakes - it can't happen. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE "Even last week, we were so hard to beat in such situations. Today we were not. All three goals we could have avoided. "They are very good on the ball, but we are a good defending team. There were not a lot of open chances. We made mistakes which we cannot make. "This game was decided by small details but also the decision making. That is hard to accept, and we have to learn from it. "I want to win. It is not good enough. We want to be the number one but not if we make mistakes. That is clear and what I told them." Aaron Wan-Bissaka lost Nketiah at the back post for Arsenal's first before Saka beat Luke Shaw too easily, and Christian Eriksen failed to close him down for the second. DON'T MISS: Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta keeps cool when it matters as antics pay off United could've done more to prevent Martin Odegaard's delivery for Nketiah's winner, too, leaving Ten Hag feeling hard done by. They remain six points ahead of Tottenham Hotspur in fourth but will be frustrated to drop points from winning positions in back-to-back games after nine successive wins. That said, Ten Hag will be confident his side can pick up some momentum in a favourable run of Premier League fixtures before March. United host Crystal Palace in two weeks before Leeds United visit Old Trafford for their rescheduled grudge match. The Red Devils then travel to Elland Road for their second clash with Leeds in five days before hosting Leicester City and Brentford in M16. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here