The national debt continues to grow, while the annual fiscal deficit is colossal. This financial year alone, the Treasury is expected to fork out £116billion just in interest payments, far more than the expenditure of most Whitehall departments. This week, it was announced the Government was forced to borrow £27billion in December 2022, the highest total for that month since records began. Weighed down by these vast liabilities, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt has resorted to drastic measures, such as freezing income tax thresholds and putting up corporation tax. But now he and his Treasury team are reported to be contemplating an even more significant measure in the long-term drive to balance the books. According to news reports on Wednesday, Hunt’s March Budget may include a proposal to bring forward by 11 years the planned rise in the state pension age from 67 to 68. By law, this rise is due to be imposed in 2046, but some in the Treasury want this change to happen much earlier, in 2035. It is easy to see why those in charge of the state coffers would welcome such a move, given that every increase in the pension age by a year is estimated to save the government annually £9billion. But that does not make the move morally fair or practically wise. Indeed, the impact could be devastating. Anyone under 54 will have their retirement plans shredded. Around 10 million Britons in the twilight of their careers will have to work longer before they claim the state pension. As former Tory minister Ros Altmann wrote on Wednesday, “a new tranche of vulnerable, elderly people will have to wait an extra year”. As a result of this delay, many pensioners could be far worse off. That is precisely what occurred between 2018 and 2020 when the pension age was pushed up to 66, causing rates of poverty to more than double. There will probably be more hardship in four to six years time, as the age limit rises to 67, but if this were followed by another swift rise in 2035, the consequences could be disastrous for living standards. Instead of providing a safety net for older people, Government policy would have become like the rack, continually being ratcheted up to heighten the punishment.  Nor is there any demographic justification for this move. The population is no longer ageing rapidly. Indeed, renowned pensions expert Sir Steve Webb says bluntly, “life expectancy has stalled”. What makes the Treasury’s approach even more regrettable is its focus on the wrong target. It is true that the huge welfare bill – this year expected to hit £253billion, up from £177billion only five years ago – is unsustainable. But the problem is not the costs of pensions but the enormous sums dished out to jobless adults of working age, who could be helping our economy grow but are allowed to act as a drain on our national resources. The financial protection of older people, most of whom have paid their dues to society through work and taxation, is a fundamental duty of the state. But the protection of the workshy and the irresponsible is an act of epic destructive negligence, for which our nation is paying a high price. After the brave push for welfare reform under David Cameron’s Coalition, the culture of dependency has become rife once again in modern Britain. No fewer than nine million adults of working age are now economically inactive, with 5.3 million living on benefits.   Over the last three years, the number of people on long-term ill-health benefits has risen by 500,000 to 2.5 million, much of it driven by claims of “mental health issues” for which doctors issue 4,000 sick notes a day. The ruinous imbalance of our society was thrown into stark relief this week by a report from independent think-tank Civitas, which showed 54.2 percent of Britons live in households that receive more from the state than they contribute. Conversely, the top 10 percent of earners paid 53 percent of all income taxes. That cannot last. It is a recipe for resentment, division, sclerosis and, ultimately, national bankruptcy. Instead of inflicting more financial pain on pensioners, the Government should concentrate on breaking the cycle of dependency and getting more people back into work. 