  The Nationa Police Chiefs Council (NPCC) has written to every police force in England and Wales to check both officers and staff members for offences in the national police database. The review comes after it was discovered that the Metropolitan Police are currently investigating 1,000 sexual and domestic abuse claims involving 800 officers in the London police force.       The Home Office has said the search in both England and Wales was being conducted in order to “help identify anyone who has slipped through the net before vetting standards were toughened and ensure those who are unfit to serve can be rooted out”. They added: "The Government will do whatever it takes to root out misogyny and predatory behaviour from the ranks of the police." The announcement came before Prime Minister Rishi Sunak's meeting with Sir Mark Rowley, the Commissioner of the Met police force, in which the Conservative leader said they had a “constructive” talk. Mr Sunak said that he had “made clear that the abuse of power that we have seen this week is absolutely despicable and it needs to be addressed immediately”. The scrutiny of the police is underway after PC David Carrick, a Met officer who was in the force for nearly 20 years, pleaded guilty to 49 offences against women, including 24 counts of sexual assault.    Martin Hewitt, chairman of the NPCC, has said: “The confidence of women and girls in London and across the country in the police has been damaged further by the details of David Carrick’s decades-long violent and degrading abuse of women and the police failures to spot and stop him. “Chief constables are rooting abusers and those who betray our standards out of policing. “We will be asking all police forces to further check their officers and staff against national police databases. This will help identify anyone who has slipped through the net before vetting standards were toughened and remove those who are unfit to serve.” READ MORE: Labour blast 'lame' Tories for failure to vet police force    Home Secretary Suella Braverman has tasked the College of Policing, which trains officers, to strengthen their statutory code of practice for police vetting. Ms Braveman said that David Carrick’s crimes were “sickening” and a “stain on the police” and that he should "never have been allowed to remain as an officer for so long". She said: "We are taking immediate steps to ensure predatory individuals are not only rooted out of the force but that vetting and standards are strengthened to ensure they cannot join the police in the first place.” Ms Braverman is also currently supporting the efforts of London Sadiq Khan to have David Carrick’s state pension forfeited. DON'T MISS:'We must man up over widespread abuse of women' [OPINION]Four officers investigated over strip search of 15-year-old girl [REPORT]Surrey police force has more misconduct complaints than officers [REVEAL] However, Yvette Cooper, the shadow home secretary for Labour, had called the move the “bare minimum” and criticised the Government's actions regarding the current police investigation. She said: “It’s frankly shocking that it doesn’t already happen. “The Government’s response has been completely underwhelming. “All we get are warm words from the Home Secretary and Prime Minister while in practice they have walked away from taking national action to improve police standards.”   