Waiting until your outdoor space comes to life in summer may be too late to tackle over-exposed flower beds and borders for some plants, so it's never too early to get ahead. But while establishing shaded areas for your garden crops to thrive is crucial, you may be wondering exactly how to do it without losing all of the sunny spots. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the design experts have shared exactly how to "save your plants" from the scorching summer sun without "sacrificing" the warmest parts of your garden. Jilayne Rickards is a multi-award-winning, professional garden designer who is currently designing the Fauna and Flora International Garden for the Chelsea Flower Show 2023. She said: "Although many shade lovers will be ok in the shorter days and lower light levels of winter and spring, come the hot summer they will simply shrivel up - think sunburn, and it’s a nasty death! An easy solution to this is to use pots that you can move around the garden following the shade. "Ferns and Hostas are good for this and maybe you might outfox the slugs! For plants that are in the soil, plant against a fenceline or hedgerow and ensure they get adequate watering during dry weather." Jacqui, head gardeners' lead at Horatio’s Garden - a charity that designs beautiful gardens in NHS spinal injury centres, noted that mulch is another great addition to the garden if you need to block the sunlight in certain areas. READ MORE: Britons should be washing bedding 'at least' once a week She told Express.co.uk: "Being better prepared for sunnier days and warmer temperatures for certain plants in your gardens is essential. Good planning saves plants! Following just a few simple steps can give some wonderful results. "A decent layer of mulch, composted leaves or bark helps the soil retain moisture during warm weather. Replenish this layer each year for continued soil improvement and water retention. Set up irrigation from water butts or mains water using either a drip system or a soaker hose, ideally including a timer set to water during the night." For less direct solutions to shading garden plants, awnings and clever positioning are both crucial to making the most of the varying levels of sunlight in your outdoor space. Jacqui explained that the first step is to "work out which aspect your garden faces". She said: "You can then ensure that you are planting the right plants in the right places."  DON'T MISS:Six garden flowers to plant now for a ‘fruitful’ spring [INSIGHT]Gardening jobs for January and February - when to prune wisteria [LATEST]Garden expert shares ‘no1’ cat deterrent that ‘works within 3 hours’ [REVEAL] By strategically planting trees and shrubs you can utilise their shade during the hotter parts of the day. The Horatio's Garden expert added: "Place less heat tolerant plants and containers under leafy shrubs and shaded trees. Planting taller annuals and deciduous perennials within your planting scheme also creates cover for less heat-tolerant plants." Jilayne agreed that making use of taller plants is a great solution to combat overexposed beds, adding that planting a tree is her "favourite" way to shelter her garden. She recommended selecting one with small leaves (such as Betula) to create a dappled shade which suits a huge variety of plants. The garden designer added: "Or how about a plant-clad pergola using scented climbers – perfect for a hot sunny day. If space is tight then even a small wall or fence will do the trick and give enough shade for smaller shade lovers such as a selection of painted ferns." READ MORE: 'Get a head start' in the garden with these 'easy' plants Of course when it comes to choosing new plants to grow in sheltered spaces, it's important to choose varieties that do in fact need lots of shade. The most popular "shade-loving" plants include a range of different woodland, bulb, annual, biennial and perennial species - many of which can be planted now. Jilayne said: "My choice list for shrubs that will be fine in dense shade include Mahonia and Sarcococca that have winter scent and are great for bees, Fatsia for its fabulous foliage and architectural shape (also good for bees!) and Camellia for winter/spring flowers and wonderful evergreen winter. "For dappled shade, evergreen Daphne is gorgeous with its lovely lemony scented pink flowers which bees go mad for, Garrya with its elegant winter dangling catkins, and Acer for great leaf shape, autumn colour and good winter form."   The Chelsea Flower Show designer noted that while all of these shrubs can be planted now in the UK - as long as you can get a spade in the soil - it is best to wait to plant perennials until the cold and frost are over. When it comes to choosing perennials for your shady garden spaces, Jilayne suggested a plethora of colourful varieties. She said: "I’d recommend Hellebores with their wonderful winter flowers and Alchemilla mollis for its frothy yellow flowers and interesting leaves. If you have dry shade, then there’s nothing better than Epimedium with its heart-shaped leaves, and tinged salmon in spring. "For a bit of froth in the summer, try Fillipendula or Astilbe, or if you have space then Acanthus mollis is fantastic with large glossy leaves and pinky white flower spires." 