Magnet has reported that searches for “how to choose a paint colour” are up 49 percent compared to this time last year, with nearly 8,000 people searching for the term alone. Whether renovating a home completely, or picking a paint colour for a room, the experience can be daunting, and getting the correct colour you want can ease stress and save money. With the swatches endless in retailers, choosing a paint colour can be extremely difficult, especially because some seem so similar to one another. Jen Nash, Design Excellence Manager at Magnet, said: “From making a space look bigger to camouflaging defects in a room, colour is the interior design component that has the power to instantly transform a room. “Whilst there’s lots of tips to help you decide, interior colour choices are highly subjective. It really comes down to asking yourself questions about how the colour will serve your space. “Not only from a design perspective, but from practical, psychological and personal perspectives too.” READ MORE: I removed window condensation to prevent damp and mould - here’s how According to the expert, different colours evoke different emotions, and so choosing a colour to nurture the function of the room is extremely important. More importantly, Jen said it will create a space which is beautifully “purposeful” and one you feel at ease in. The design expert added: “Is it an entertaining space? Is it a space to dine in? Or, perhaps it’s a room to relax in? Think about the mood you want to create and choose a paint colour in line with the principles of colour psychology to help evoke the desired result. “In general, cool colours such as blues, greens and whites, create a restful and soothing atmosphere whilst warm colours like red, orange and yellow, create a sense of drama and energy.’’ DON'T MISS:Four garden plants to always prune in winter [COMMENT]Easy towel method to keep clothes crease-free without an iron [EXPLAINER]Six methods to protect ‘delicate’ plants from being killed overnight [EXPERT] Light does more than just illuminate the room, it can impact the colour on the walls too, especially at different times of the day. It can also change the tone of a colour and should be a “huge consideration” when deciding on a paint colour for any room in the home. Jen explained: “To simplify it, if your room is facing north/south, the sun isn’t going to shine directly into the room so it will be indirect and much cooler than east/west facing rooms. “This will affect whether colours will need warmer or cooler undertones to balance out the sunlight. Before settling on a colour, get a sample and paint a square on your wall, paying careful attention to how it changes in certain lights throughout the day.’’ READ MORE: Pest expert shares four methods to ‘deter’ rats from nesting outside Although it may seem easy, painting a room properly requires lots of preparation and time, meaning the colour on your walls should be one you really love and want to keep for several years. Just because there are certain colours which trend at different times of the year, Jen said you should never neglect your own personal favourites. Jen noted: “Away from what’s on trend, consider the colours you really like and are intrigued by. These are the tones that are more likely to withstand the test of time and you’ll still love in years to come. “If you’re struggling to discover your personal taste, create a mood board, scrapbook or Pinterest page of colour schemes that you like. Look for recurring themes in the images and use them as the starting point for your colour scheme." Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea When thinking and picking a colour, make sure to consider how it will contrast with the colours already nearby in the room or area. The design expert said this is “particularly important” if you are just doing a paint makeover and keeping existing furniture and accessories. Jen said: “For instance, a white wall in a room of pink furniture will look blush which might be what you are looking for. But if you want a stark white, choose one with a hint of blue and it will resist the pink shading from the furniture. From wood detailing to carpets and even the view outside, also take into account how other adjacent and surrounding colours are going to impact your chosen paint.’’ The expert added: “Unless you want a room that’s completely monotone in colour, it’s crucial to ask yourself what other colours your chosen paint goes with. This is really important if you’re looking to paint a room with longevity in mind, whereby the paint you go for has the potential to complement future decor and palette changes you might want to make through accessories and furnishings. “Choosing a wall colour, like a neutral, that pairs well with a range of other colours is a safe option. But if you find thinking about colour combinations daunting, take a look at the colour wheel. This will demonstrate to you the potential combinations and themes you can explore in the room. “Looking at the colour you have in mind, there are three key colour combinations that are guaranteed to work together. A ‘tonal’ scheme is the simplest as it includes only different tones of that same colour. A ‘harmonious’ scheme uses shades that sit next to each other on the wheel, such as red and orange.” Then, there is the “contrasting” scheme which is the most vibrant of the three. Often referred to as complementary colours, Jen said this is based on two colours which sit directly opposite each other on the wheel, such as yellow and purple. The expert noted: “These pairings are guaranteed to add drama to any room.”