It is rapidly approaching three years since Manchester United signed Odion Ighalo on loan. It was a deal that surprised many, with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer hunting a new striker at the time. Yet the decision to land the Nigeria international actually prevented the club from recruiting Victor Osimhen, who is now a target for Erik ten Hag. Manchester United plan on signing a new No 9 this summer, aware they need a proven goal getter as they look to bring the glory days back to Old Trafford. Tottenham star Harry Kane has been linked, as well as Red Bull Salzburg hitman Benjamin Sesko. And Osimhen is another player on United’s radar, with the Nigeria international currently shining for Napoli in Serie A. The 24-year-old has bagged 13 goals and registered three assists for the Serie A side this term, firing them to the top of the standings in the process. And he’s also netted once in the Champions League from three outings, too. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Osimhen would be a huge signing for United, amid suggestions Napoli will demand close to £100million to let their prized asset go. But United, according to the player’s brother Andrew, have already missed out on the forward once before. Speaking in 2020, when Osimhen was playing for Lille in France, the attacker’s sibling claimed his brother had rejected the Red Devils out of respect for Ighalo. “It is very true that Manchester United wanted Victor,” he said at the time. “But he told me something like he had too much respect for Odion Ighalo to be competing for shirts with his senior colleague. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see “My brother holds Ighalo in high esteem and he just didn’t see himself going to Old Trafford to battle for a striking role with the highest goal-scorer at the 2019 AFCON in Egypt.” United’s failure to land Osimhen will likely be a regret for Solskjaer, who lost his job in November 2021. And while Ighalo did well enough playing for his favourite club, his return of just five goals meant the gamble backfired. Ighalo, meanwhile, recently expressed a belief that Osimhen can get even better - and thinks Napoli face a fight to keep hold of the striker. “One thing I know in life is if you put God first, you work hard and you’re humble, you already have everything,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I see him doing that and I know the sky is the limit for him. “He is doing well and I am not surprised because he’s a good kid and he’s a fighter. “He can score goals, he can run, he can defend, he can do everything. “For me, he is one of the best strikers in Africa now if not the world because he is scoring goes week in week out, and he is a young boy. “You won’t be surprised if not this January, maybe in the summer, a big team will take him away from Napoli because he deserves it. “It’s football and they will get their money right? Everything has a price tag.” Osimhen is expected to feature when Napoli lock horns with Roma in their Serie A clash on Sunday (7.45pm). They go into that match on a high after a 2-0 win over Salernitana on Saturday, with Osimhen on target during that showdown.