NFL star Damar Hamlin has thanked fans for their support after he suffered a dramatic cardiac arrest mid-game. Hamlin suffered a cardiac arrest on the field during Monday night's primetime game in Ohio, causing an outpouring of grief from fans.  He received more than 30 minutes of on-the-field medical care, during which he was resuscitated once, according to the player's friend and marketing agent Jordon Rooney. Fans have gathered outside the medical centre in Cincinnati and thousands of messages of support were sent from both the NFL playing community and the wider world. On Saturday, the 24-year-old took to social media to express his gratitude. In a tweet, he thanked "everyone who reached out and prayed" saying it would make him stronger for the road to recovery".   He tweeted: “Putting love into the world comes back 3xs as much… thankful for everyone who has reached out and prayed. “This will make me stronger on the road to recovery, keep praying for me!” Doctors at the University of Cincinnati Medical Center described Hamlin's neurological function as "excellent" on Saturday and said the player continues to breathe on his own but remains in critical condition. Fans, players and team owners have also made donations to Hamlin's Chasing M's Foundation, which has raised just more than $8.2m (£7.7m) by Saturday afternoon. READ MORE: Baby girl's skull smashed in devastating crash in car with drunk dad  The Bills are scheduled to face the New England Patriots in the final regular season match of the 2022 season this Sunday, with New England chasing a spot in the playoffs while Buffalo hope to wrap up the first seed in the conference. Iconic Pats head coach Bill Belichick was involved in a rare show of emotion yesterday as he discussed Hamlin’s condition, but he - along with so many around the NFL - will feel inspired by the safety’d progress. Josh Allen and co. will undoubtedly be looking to secure a win and build more momentum as they enter the postseason buoyed by the positive Hamlin news. The Bills have never won a Super Bowl and haven’t reached the championship game since 1993, where the lost to the Dallas Cowboys. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry ‘written out’ of King Charles’ coronation [REVEAL]A stranger gave a boy with autism a $15,000 piano  [SPOTLIGHT]Prince Harry’s goal is to ‘make Royal Family villainous characters' [INSIGHT] Several NFL players have donated to the cause, including Tampa Bay Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady and Denver Broncos quarterback Russell Wilson. Hamlin was drafted to the NFL in 2021 from the University of Pittsburgh, where he played college football. The NFL has cancelled the Bills' game against the Bengals in the wake of the incident. 