Friday night's hour-long episode of Coronation Street was filled with drama for youngsters Summer Spellman (played by Harriet Bibby) and Amy Barlow (Elle Mulvaney). Summer landed herself in danger after Mike (Tom Lorcan) left her locked inside a room in his house without any food, water or insulin. While poor Amy was left heartbroken when Jacob (James Ryan) told her he was leaving. Amy's boyfriend Jacob was given a beating by his father Damon (Ciarán Griffiths) who threatened that if he wanted to keep Amy protected, he needed to leave the cobbles for good. Before packing his bag, Jacob decided to come clean to Nick (Ben Price) and explained how Damon was smuggling drugs through the restaurant. "It's bad, it's really bad," Jacob said to Nick before adding: "He's smuggling coke through here. "That's what sent the sniffer dogs off yesterday, this is just the start, he has got it all set up. READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer "The drugs are coming through, the stuff from Italy." Nick shook his head in denial as Jacob shouted: "Listen to me. "I heard all these rumours, yeah, no matter how bad my uncle Harvey was, my dad was the one that everyone was proper scared of. He's connected, people will end up hurt." "I'll go to the police," Nick argued as Jacob raged: "You're not listening to me, he got to Harvey in prison. "I've got to go. I had to flush the drugs yesterday and he told them, I stole them to keep the heat off him." When questioned on why he had to leave, Jacob said: "I've got to. They said they'd hurt Amy." "Or me...or Leanne," Nick explained. "It's on me. I never should have taken that money." Before he left, the youngster pleaded: "Will you keep an eye on Amy for me?" DON'T MISS...Happy Valley's Mr Hepworth star left squirming in ‘frosty’ BBC moment [INSIGHT]Rachel Riley puts head in hands as she admits she 'wees in the shower' [VIDEO]Emmerdale exit for Cain Dingle as fans 'work out' murder plot  [SPOILERS] Towards the end of the hour-long instalment, Summer also got the shock of her life when Todd (Gareth Pierce) explained he had been contacted by Ava, a member of the congregation at Mike and Esther’s (Vanessa Hehir) old church, claiming she had an affair with Mike. Summer later decided to confront Esther, who confirmed it was true, however, the youngster didn't leave it there. She went to see a frantic Mike and threatened to go to the police if he didn't tell Esther the truth and that he didn't just have an affair, but also had a child with this woman. Although, things took a dramatic turn when Mike locked Amy in the nursery without her insulin. Following the episode, fans took to social media to share their thoughts on what could happen next. With Jacob leaving the cobbles in a taxi and Amy and Summer's life in danger, could a double exit be on the cards? Some fans seemed to think history will repeat itself and that Mike could follow in serial killer John Stape's footsteps. "@itvcorrie @HarrietBibby HELP SUMMER PLEASE!! SHE'S IN DANGER REAL BAD!!!" Craig Roberts penned. "John Stape storyline happening again haha #Corrie," user @babynewt_ theorised. While user @Beakmoo added: "#Corrie So they bin off lovely Jacob but then reward us with a possible death of Summer. Swings and roundabouts eh?" (sic) "I’ve got a feeling Mike is gonna attack Summer," @Riyah_Bpp tweeted. Justin went on to say: "No, this can’t be happening. Summer won’t get out. #Corrie." "Agggh Summer ffs #Corrie," user @demelcy shared. (sic) Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm on ITV. 