Love Island is back on ITV2 and the new series welcomed DJ Maya Jama as she took over the hosting role from Laura Whitmore. She started her showbiz career in 2012 and went on to present her own show on BBC Radio 1 until 2020. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about her early life. Maya is of Somali descent on her father's side, while her mother Sadie is Swedish. Her mother was 18 when she gave birth to Maya and she was named after the American author, Maya Angelou. She is one of two children and has a younger brother called Omar. Maya lost contact with her father after she explained he spent a lot of her childhood in prison. When she was just 12, she made the decision to stop visiting him and did not speak to him for 10 years. READ MORE: Love Island fans call for villa shake-up amid concerns for Will In 2017 she worked on a documentary called When Dad's Kill, which looked into young people's similar experiences. She opened up about trying to build a dialogue with him, but she told The Guardian: "I felt sorry for him; I felt sad for him. “I wanted him to explain why he’d done those bad things and he was embarrassed, and I felt bad for him. “I know it was an ambitious aim, but I thought maybe there was one thing or a few things that would explain him to me, put him into context. "But I can see it’s not as simple as I hoped: I’m left thinking that either he is just bad, or there are things I don’t know about him and may never know.” Maya is still close with her mother and they have gone on to appear on talk shows together. Sadie left her social media followers in a frenzy when she shared a swimwear photo from the beach. She revealed her toned stomach whilst wearing a blue bikini top and orange bottoms. DON'T MISS... Love Island's Maya Jama 'demanded to return 800k engagement ring' Maya Jama given 'more airtime' than Laura Whitmore in Love Island Love Island’s Dani Dyer announces she's pregnant with twins Maya previously opened up about her relationship with her mother to the Evening Standard. She said: "She had me at 18, so our relationship was a bit different. "I rebelled less because I was quite free. My mum's always been like, 'I want you to have your experiences — just tell me. "I’m not going to judge you or shout at you.'" She joked about how she stopped inviting her mum to parties because she gets "too drunk". She said: "She’s banned from my parties though. She gets too drunk." Maya later opened up about "lying" to her mother about taking over the Love Island host role. She said: "I’m not a good liar. Even my mum I didn’t tell because she’d get too excited and tell people. So I had to not even tell my close family." Love Island airs on weeknights and Sundays on ITV2 from 9pm.