Extinction Rebellion has said activists targeted Michael Gove's offices in a protest over the Government's decision to allow a coal mine in Cumbria. Members of the group allegedly poured black paint over the building's walls in Marsham Street, London, this morning (January 18). The group said protesters who were attached to each other had locked onto a tube with "End Coal" written on it during the action outside the entrance to the Home Office and Department of Levelling Up, Housing and Communities building. It comes after Levelling Up Secretary Michael Gove gave the coal mine project the green light in December. The Metropolitan Police said in a statement: "The Met has arrested two men on suspicion of causing criminal damage today (January 18). "At 11.04am, police were called to the Home Office building, Marsham Street, to reports of a group of approximately 10 protesters outside the building. "Two of the group had thrown paint on the ground near the main entrance. Police were quickly on scene at 11.10am and arrested the two suspects who were taken into custody at a central-London police station. "Two other members of the group locked themselves to each other on the foot-way near to the entrance to the building and police remained in attendance. "At 12.18pm the protesters then dispersed from the scene. There continues to be a police presence in the vicinity. Enquiries are ongoing." The underground mine near Whitehaven is expected to extract nearly 2.8 million tonnes of coal per year for use in steelmaking rather than power generation. Backers say it will create about 500 jobs for the area and will save on having to import energy at a time of high prices. Opponents say developing the Woodhouse Colliery site will create more greenhouse gas emissions at a time when the UK is striving to establish a net-zero economy by 2050. Marijn Van Der Geer of Extinction Rebellion UK said the group wants a citizen-led transition away from fossil fuels. He added: "Providing unstable jobs in the coal sector during a climate crisis in a region where there are limited economic opportunities is not justice. "Opening a coal mine in a region that is already disproportionately affected by the climate crisis with floods increasing and unprecedented rainfall is complete madness." Today's protest forms part of a series of actions which launched in November at 13 sites across London. The campaign targets organisations identified by the group as propping up the fossil fuel economy. Meanwhile, Friends of the Earth has filed an application in the High Court to challenge the decision to grant planning permission for the new coal mine. The claim was filed by the environmental group and served on other parties late on Friday (January 13). Friends of the Earth campaigner Tony Bosworth said: "Planning to open a new coal mine in the middle of a climate emergency is unthinkable. "Our legal challenge focuses on how the Secretary of State dealt with evidence relating to climate change put forward by Friends of the Earth and others at the planning inquiry. "The people of West Cumbria have been badly let down by years of Government under-investment. Long-term, sustainable jobs are desperately wanted and needed." A Department of Levelling Up, Housing and Communities spokesperson said: "The Secretary of State has agreed to grant planning permission for a new metallurgical coal mine in Cumbria as recommended by the independent planning inspector. "This coal will be used for the production of steel and would otherwise need to be imported. It will not be used for power generation. "The reasons for the Secretary of State’s decision are set out in full in his published letter, alongside the report of the independent planning inspector who oversaw the inquiry. It would be inappropriate to comment further on ongoing legal proceedings."