The new year is a great time to revamp your home and embark on some DIY home renovations. Whether you’re looking to switch up your colour palette or invest in some new furniture pieces, interior expert and events planner Andrew Roby warns against playing it safe if you want to “elevate” the space you have. Andrew, who shares interior decor tips on his TikTok page @andrewrobyevents, has a following of 123.1K. This year, he is encouraging people to embrace new colours in their homes, as well as mixing and matching. In a video, he said: “These are the three interior design trends I want you to avoid in 2023”. The first applies to those who have moved into a new space or who are on the hunt for new furniture items. “Look, whenever we move into a new space we might go to a big box store and get the matching nightstand to the dresser and whatever else,” he said. However, instead of going for items that obviously go together, Andrew recommends having some “fun”. “Avoid buying all of your furniture from the same store because when you have mixed furniture it actually elevates your space so make sure you do that,” he explained. READ MORE: Best ingredient to 'soak up bad odours' in an empty fridge Mixing furniture from different eras or style trends may seem daunting at first, but experts from MyDomaine suggest starting with a timeless large item, such as your sofa or dining table. Then, you can introduce smaller furniture or decorative items which range in style and design to complete the look. This can also be a good place to focus on introducing a pop of colour, which goes hand-in-hand with Andrew’s second interior styling tip. “Do not shy away from colour,” he said. “Colour is your friend.” Not only can colour be introduced in soft furnishings, vases and lampshades, the interior expert also recommends being brave when choosing paint colours. “I am so tired of boring walls,” he said. “I know people love neutrals and all of that, but [you should] elevate your walls.” DON'T MISS‘Effective’ household item to clean your entire bathroom with [EXPLAINER]Mum uses 2 methods to stop condensation and 'the results are amazing' [COMMENT]Hand washing tip to transform 'gross' yellow pillows [VIDEO] Paint manufacturing company Benjamin Moore announced its Colour of the Year as Raspberry Blush, a fiery red-orange shade which has been likened to that of a sunset. “We've had colours that are on the cooler side of the colour wheel for a number of years, and now we're really starting to see a shift to the warmer colours,” commented Andrea Magno, colour marketing and development director at Benjamin Moore. Similarly, Viva Magenta was announced as the Pantone Colour of the Year for 2023. Pantone said: “Viva Magenta is brave and fearless, and a pulsating colour whose exuberance promotes a joyous and optimistic celebration, writing a new narrative. This year's Colour of the Year is powerful and empowering.” For those who are a little bit hesitant to inject such bold shades into their home, there are some neutral colours which remain in vogue.  Dulux has named the “glowing” neutral shade Wild Wonder as their Colour of the Year. They said: “The shade for 2023 is Wild Wonder– a positive, glowing tone, inspired by the natural world.” Wild Wonder is a soft gold with green undertones which offers a great option for those who want to add a touch of colour without being too bold. Experts from Lick also suggest that some neutrals will remain on trend, though these will work best when paired with oranges, greens and even teal. Lick trend expert Matlida Martin said: “We predict that in 2023, people will be gravitating toward a nature-inspired colour scheme of grounding neutrals, paired with earthy oranges, rich greens and mentally-stimulating teals.” In his video, Andrew added: “I do not want the bland walls but I also do not want bland colour palettes where everything is the same colour. Mix things up. Get fun and have excitement when people walk into your home.”