Popular presenter Laura Hamilton, 40, is known for wearing skyscraper heels when filming popular property investment show, A Place In The Sun. Posting an image of herself in a pair of tight black wet-look leggings and a tan polo neck jumper. The petite blonde finished the look with a pair of tan open-toed high-heeled shoes. She posted: “Not my usual @aplaceinthesunofficial attire but whilst it’s sunny here, it’s pretty cold.” She added: “People often comment on my shoes and if you watch my stories you will see one of the reasons I wear them!" READ MORE: Robert Rinder 'unrecognisable' after break with Carol Vorderman The star referred to the reel which showed hilarious footage of her with a camera explaining the high-heeled shoes. In the video, you see a laughing cameraman pan down to her feet and she captioned the clip with: "He is taking the mickey now” The quip was about why she always wears high heels in some of the world's most exotic locations. To that, she answered: “In my last reel you can't hear what I am saying but basically the reason I wear such high heels is that I am only 5”2 and sometimes the cameramen are very tall @twhittaker.” The post received over seven thousand likes and followers flocked to her page to comment on her revelation. One fan wrote: “Anyone else zoom in or just me ?” Another posted: “ It really doesn’t matter what you wear, the result is always the same. Perfection x.” While a third added: “Steep Slopes, Cobbles, and Rocky Terrain is no match for Laura in her five-inch shoes on the show.” The fun reel comes as the presenter recently shared that she has split from her husband Alex Goward and has moved out of the family home to now live with a friend. DONT MISS: Michael J Fox admits struggles with Back To The Future co-star [INSIGHT] Rita Ora exposes lacy bra and thong in risqué photoshoot [PICTURES] Love Island's Ron 'unsure what to think' after Lana's famous ex news [INSIGHT] The couple, who share two children, decided to call it quits last year and Laura moved out of the Croydon home with Rocco, eight, and Tahlia, seven. The presenter has gone on to build a new home in leafy Surrey that boasts a state-of-the-art gym. Speaking to the Daily Star she said: "I put a little gym in for myself and have a fitness regime with my friend, who is living with me at the moment. "We work out. I think having a workout partner keeps you motivated." She added "I don't think it's good to get hung up on weight. It's just how I feel, and to feel healthy is more important to me than what the scales say." Laura is often seen sharing posts of herself working out in the gym on her Instagram page. She said: "I have missed working out so it feels good to be getting back into a regular fitness routine." Underneath another photo, where she is pictured on a treadmill, Laura wrote: "So happy to be able to start getting back into fitness at home!"