WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Happy Valley season 3, episode 4 Season three of Happy Valley grew even tenser this week with creator Sally Wainwright really upping the ante on her the final instalment of her BAFTA-winning drama. Episode four featured a scene between Catherine Cawood (played by Sarah Lancashire) and her ex-husband Richard Cawood (Derek Riddell). In the scene, they discussed the rise of the Knežević family, Halifax’s answer to the Sopranos. Catherine confided in Richard about why Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) wanted his son Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah) to see him in court receiving a sentence which would lead to more time behind bars, during this discussion there was again mention of Ashley Cowgill (Joe Armstrong). She urged journalist Richard to go and cover the case considering he was going to be interviewing Darius Knežević (Alec Secareanu), who was planning to run as a local councillor. Moreover, Richard was investigating the gangster family which was ramping up its operations to the detriment of the local area. The pair also mentioned some of the crime family’s victims in the show, giving the audience more context about how they fit together with the central story involving Cather and Tommy. READ MORE: Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update Who is Ashley Cowgill? Ashley was a caravan park owner in the Calder Valley and was featured in season one of the show. Along with owning the caravan park, he was also a local drug dealer who kidnapped Ann Gallagher (Charlie Murphy) with Kevin Weatherill (Steve Pemberton) and Tommy in the hopes of getting money out of local businessman Nevinson Gallagher (George Costigan). However, as fans will remember, it all went wrong after Tommy killed a police officer, murdered another accomplice Lewis Whippey (Adam Long) and raped Ann. Catherine found and saved Ann after doing a lot of digging, dramatically saving her from the dungeon she was being kept in. After Ashley’s arrest, he said he would offer up information on the Kneževićs for witness protection and avoid prosecution. He managed to cut a deal with the police but before he could give up any useful intel, he was bumped off by the mobsters. During his transportation, Ashley was executed when a mystery motorbike approached the vehicle and he was shot dead. In the season three opener, mafia leader Darius was linked to the death of Ashley. DON'T MISS:Dancing on Ice's Carley Stenson 'not allowed' to do dangerous moveITV backlash as fans slam 'painful' John Bishop ShowThe Masked Singer viewers 'expose' Pigeon as iconic TOWIE star A gun used to murder Ashley was also used to take out Gary Gaggoski, whose body was found in episode one of season three. As Wainwright brings her story to a close, she is started to tie all the pieces together with the Kneževićs and their link to Tommy finally coming to a head. Wainwright said she was inspired to write Happy Valley after watching the documentary by Jez Lewis called Shed Your Tears and Walk Away. The documentary looked at the drug and alcohol problems in Hebden Bridge, which Wainwright incorporates into her story. She was also influenced by Nurse Jackie and the TV series Juliet Bravo, which informed Happy Valley. Reflecting on the title of the series, Wainwright said: “So Happy Valley... I always work closely with police advisors, who are old police officers who have worked in the area, and one of them told me that is what they call the Valley because of issues with drugs. “For me, it reflected the show. It’s dark, but it has also got a lot of humour in it. I think less so in season one, more so in season two. We want to continue that in the new season. “It’s still very much about the dark side of life, but it’s also about how within that people always find ways of being funny and warm and human.” Happy Valley season 3 airs on BBC One on Sundays at 9pm