Missing teenager Adriana Davidson has been found dead under bleachers at her school in the US - three days after she was reported missing. The devastating news was confirmed by her distraught brother during an emotional video posted online. Police also said the 15-yhear-old's body had been found at the high school. Adriana was reported missing at around midnight on Saturday after she didn't return home from Pioneer High School in Ann Arbor, a city of 120,000 in Michigan. The secondary school student last spoke with family at about 9am on Friday on her way to school. She was last seen by friends at about 11am the same day outside of the school gates. But on Monday, after days of worrying about her whereabouts, her brother, Anthony Lopez, shared a heartbreaking video revealing his sister's body had been discovered by police on the grounds.   He said: "We got a call to get to my dad's apartment right away. The two detectives were there and they let us know that Adriana was found and that she has passed on. "My little sister is dead." Washtenaw County Sheriff’s Office has reported that Adriana was found "under the bleachers" at the school.  The Ann Arbor Police Department will investigate the circumstances surrounding her death but authorities say there does not appear to be a threat to the community.    The department tweeted: "While the Ann Arbor Police department is investigating the circumstances of her death, we do not believe there is an active threat to the community. "An autopsy is planned to determine the cause of death". After she was reported missing on Friday, police checked surveillance footage from the school bus to see she had arrived for classes. Her friends said they last saw her at around 11am and told police she had felt unwell.  Her phone was found on the tennis court on Friday afternoon by another student, who then gave it to her best friend. Adriana's brother told WXYZ that the abandoned phone, which is now in police custody, was a "red flag." "When I found out that Addy was potentially missing, I knew right away she didn’t run away. The red flag for me was the phone," he said  