Catherine (played by Sarah Lancashire) was left fuming on Sunday night after she found out her sister Clare Cartwright (Siobhan Finneran) had been taking Ryan (Rhys Connah) to visit Tommy (James Norton) in prison. During their visit, Tommy told Ryan he would be in Leeds for a new trial about another crime he had committed and he should come to the hearing. However, fans are fearful the criminal has a dark plan in play. Tommy told Ryan: "You know I am going to be in Leeds? This Tuesday, I pleaded guilty to this thing, I didn't do ought but I'll be there, so. "Anyway, I'll be in court, in Leeds, you should come and see me if you like, sit in the visitor's gallery!" Ryan turned to Neil Ackroyd (Con O'Neill) and asked: "Can we?" to which he hesitantly replied: "Ur, yeah, yeah." However, Ryan remembered: "Oh, it's a Tuesday, I have school." READ MORE: Prince Harry’s threats to Royal Family are ‘tantamount to blackmail’ Desperate to get to him go, Tommy, probed: "See if you can get the day off then aye." In new images released from the BBC Ryan is seen travelling to Leeds to attend his father's latest trial hearing. However, viewers of the show have their fears for the youngster, with many theorising, Tommy is planning in killing his son as a way of revenge against Catherine. On a Reddit post by @FHFM100, they asked: "We're now halfway through the season. What are your predictions for the final 3 episodes?" @rojasmun replied: "I just have a feeling Tommy is going to attempt to murder Ryan. Last thing he wanted to do in this world was to send the biggest F you to Catherine by killing Ryan back in S1. "Thanks to Catherine he's in prison and will never be out. Only thing he has left is getting revenge. 'Revenge is a dish best served cold' Ryan says again and again in the first 2 episodes. "Is there a worse way for Ryan to die than to be lulled into thinking he can trust and love his 'dad', only for Tommy to murder him?" @SingleMaltLife theorised: "Episode 4 - the trial. Neil and Ryan go to watch. Ryan is horrified by the details. DON'T MISS...Here's where the original Keeping Up Appearances cast is now [LATEST]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb's true identity in Nicky twist [WATCH]Holly and Phillip spark backlash as fans demand new DOI hosts [INSIGHT] "Ends with Tommy Leer Royce about to escape or having escaped with Ryan." @Lanky-Amphibian1554 replied to their theory and agreed: "You could be on to something with the trial. "Tommy probably thinks he can make himself look good, and he may not be able to explain himself to Ryan’s satisfaction." Other theories have included Tommy killing Catherine, Tommy killing Neil and some have even gone as far as to say that Ryan will end up killing his dad after his true intentions are exposed. Is Ryan in danger by going to visit his father in Leeds? Will he make it home or will it be down to Catherine to save his life once again? Despite the show's success, it has been confirmed by show bosses that the series won't be returning for a series four. Speaking at a BFI screening, executive producer Will Johnston explained show creator Sally Wainwright and star Sarah Lancashire had agreed that the drama "would only return once more." "The two vital things are that Ryan is now at an age to make his own decisions about his life and the relationships in it, and Catherine's on the brink of retirement, and those felt like such juicy things to explore. "It definitely isn't coming back – and again this is [from] Sally and Sarah who completely and rightly feel that you can have too much of a good thing." Happy Valley airs Sunday from 9pm on BBC One.