Sharon Osbourne has had multiple procedures over the years in a bid to boost her self-confidence with tweaks to her body. However, after a health scare before Christmas, the 70-year-old’s family told Sharon "no more operations”. The British-American media personality was hospitalised last month whilst on set for an episode of her son Jack’s TV series Night Of Terror. A source close to the family suggested that they are hoping this will be a "tough reality check" for The Osbournes star, who has already undergone a series of surgeries including a gastric band, full facelift, tummy tuck, eyelift, abdominoplasty and Botox. The source said: “The whole Osbourne family are really worried for Sharon right now - this recent health scare has made them realise how precious life is, and how she needs to take good care of herself. “Sharon is such a strong woman and puts everyone else first. READ MORE: Selena Gomez jokes she's in a 'throuple' with Brooklyn Beckham “But she’s now realised that she’s not invincible and needs to look after herself.” The source also went on to say that her family have urged Sharon to put an end to her cosmetic surgery passion in order to minimise any related health risks. “With this recent health scare in mind, Kelly and Jack have begged Sharon to give it a rest on the plastic surgery front,” the source told Closer magazine. “She’s made no secret of the fact that she’ll happily go under the knife to turn back the clock, but they’ve asked her to stop - as the procedures can often be dangerous, especially as you get older.” NHS England states that “all cosmetic procedures” carry "some risks", including surgical procedures, like having breast implants, as well as non-surgical procedures like dermal fillers and Botox. The organisation states: “They can lead to serious complications if they're not done correctly, and can affect your mental health if they do not turn out how you expected.” The previous X Factor judge has spoken about her cosmetic surgery fails, with Sharon admitting in April about how a previous facelift made her feel ‘like a cyclops’. Sharon is currently on the mend after suffering an unknown medical episode while filming an episode of her son Jack’s TV show. DONT MISS:Rhod Gilbert talks finding 'humour' in stage 4 cancer battle (PHOTOS)Loose Women's Denise Welch fumes ‘I f***ing hate this government’ (NEWS)Liz Hurley says exes are ‘like family’ as racy outfit wows admirers (LATEST) Jack posted a message on Instagram at the time that said his mother had been given the “all clear” by her doctors and was back home recuperating. “She has been given the all clear from her medical team and is now home,” Jack said in an Instagram story. “As to what happened to my mum — I’m gonna leave it to her to share about when she is ready.” (sic) Santa Paula Police Chief Don Aguilar told The Post the 70-year-old TV personality was shooting a paranormal show at the Glen Tavern Inn when she became unwell. The tavern has been documented in several documentaries for its paranormal activity, and Jack clarified that his mother wasn’t filming for “Ghost Adventures,” as some outlets reported when she became sick. “MY MOTHER WASN'T FILMING A EPISODE OF @ghostadventures. She was filming a new episode of Night of Terror with me. Hahaha,” Jack wrote on his story. Jack is a paranormal and alien investigator and hosts the series “Night of Terror.” His family appeared in the 2020 instalments “The Osbournes: Night of Terror” and “The Osbournes Want to Believe.” Sharon has not made any announcements about her medical episode, though a source told The Post on Friday that it was “non-life threatening.” Express.co.uk have contacted Sharon Osbourne’s representatives for comment.