The Met Office has predicted snow could fall once again in parts of the UK in the coming weeks and a cold interlude is anticipated as January continues. For those concerned about rising energy bill costs, an expert has shared 10 ways you can keep your house warm without the risk of wasting any heat. The property expert behind the TikTok page @thatpropertyguy said: "It's getting a bit chilly so here are 10 hacks to keep your house warm." The expert's first three recommendations are focussed on the radiators in your home. "Bleed your radiators to make them run efficiently and speaking of radiators use reflective foil to reflect heat back into the room," he explained. Bleeding your radiators can make your home warmer and even reduce the cost of your energy bills by making your heating system more efficient. The process of bleeding your radiators removes air pockets and reduces the pressure on your system. In a further video, the property expert explains how to bleed your radiators. READ MORE: Tumble dryer alternative is 'much cheaper' but takes months to pay off He said: "Fortunately, it's really easy to bleed your radiators. Turn off your radiators first and use a radiator key to turn the valves at the top of your radiators. "Re-tighten the valve when the hissing stops and water comes out. And don't forget to top up your boiler pressure if it has dropped." When bleeding your radiators you may want to place a bowl or towel under the radiator to collect any water which may escape. For even more efficiency, the expert said: "Use thermostatic valves if you haven't already." Thermostatic Radiator Valves are probably also known as TRVs and their main function is to control the air temperature of a space. They are a simple way of controlling the heat output of a radiator. DON'T MISSHousehold items that have 'no place' under a kitchen or bathroom sink [INSIGHT]Estate agent on the kitchen trend making a ‘big comeback’ [VIDEO]Washing machine trick to get your clothes wrinkle-free without an iron [EXPLAINER] Next, That Property Guy recommends taking a look at the settings on your thermostat. He explained: "Programme your thermostat so you aren't wasting heat throughout the day." Every thermostat is different, but by pre-programming them can ensure your heating system is not using more energy than is necessary to heat your home. Using a programmable thermostat, you can adjust the times you turn your heating on and off, as well as how hot it gets. Wasted heat can also come from heat escaping or being absorbed before it has a chance to warm your home. "Shut blinds and curtains to keep the heat in," recommended the expert. "Move furniture away from radiators to make sure stop them from absorbing heat." Wasted heat can also be reduced by upping how much insulation you have in your home. "If you're up to it, install some insulation," said The Property Guy. He added that a simple way to do this is "by installing draught-proofing around windows and doors" which will "stop cold air from coming in". If you have hardwood or tiled flooring, the expert recommends popping a rug down. "A rug will keep your feet warm if you have hardwood or tiled floors," he said. "And as a bonus, don't forget to double up your socks." Naturally, your oven uses energy and ramps up your monthly bills, but you can make extra use of the heat produced after cooking. The Property Guy said: "Turn the oven off when you've finished cooking but leave the door open." This will allow the heat to flood into your kitchen, adding a little warming boost.