Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams has accused the couple of "aiming at the United States" whilst hoping to "strengthen the value of their brand". Speaking of Prince Harry, Mr Fitzwilliams said that the 38-year-old once held "a special place in the nation’s heart", although suggesting that this popularity has declined following his exit in 2020. Speaking of the couple's former popularity in the UK, Mr Fitzwilliam said: "I see absolutely no way that they will regain any popularity, let along their former popularity, after the series of vitriolic attacks they have launched at the Royal Family, especially in the interview on Oprah and in Spare." As well as the US, he also suggested that the couple are aiming at "the wider world" to "widen their appeal". The royal expert added: "They are obviously making megabucks from so callously attacking the Royal Family". Speaking of their pending appearance at King Charles III's coronation in May, he added: "If they were not to appear at the Coronation, most people in Britain would, I suspect, be rather relieved." READ MORE: Prince Harry compared flying helicopters in Afghanistan to 'playing PlayStation' A recent poll, conducted by GB News, showed how far the couple, in particular Prince Harry, has fallen in the eyes of Britain. The poll showed that more than a third of Brits say that they feel less favourable towards Harry, compared to how they felt towards the Duke one year ago. Commenting on the poll, polling expert Professor Matt Goodwin described the past year as a "disaster zone for the Harry and Meghan brand in the UK." With only days until the release of Spare, the polling expert added that the 38-year-old has evidently "lost considerable support among the British public". READ MORE: Megxit accused of dividing generations and families over dinner table 'just like Brexit' Speaking of the Sussexes, Mr Goodwin noted that the couple are "among the most unpopular royals". Prince Andrew is the only other member of the Royal Family to have "eclipsed" the couple in the poll. On January 8, Harry is set to sit down with Tom Bradby for an interview for ITV. The interview is one of two interviews that Harry will appear in this weekend, ahead of his memoir release on Tuesday. DON'T MISS Prince Harry puts Meghan Markle and his children in 'immediate' danger [REPORT]Harry's royal revelations baffle Montecito neighbours [OPINION]Prince William told Harry he had been brainwashed by therapy [REVEALED] January 8 also marks three years since Meghan and Harry announced their decision to step down as senior working royals. Two months on, in March 2020, the couple completed their final royal engagement as working royals. The couple, along with their young son Archie, moved to the US to begin their new life away from the Royal Family. They welcomed their second child, Lilibet, in the US in 2021.