Joel Embiid hit an incredible stepback three-point shot over two-time NBA MVP Nikola Jokic to help secure a 126-119 win for the Philadelphia 76ers against the Denver Nuggets. Jokic is one of the league's best players - winning MVP in the last two seasons - but he could do little about the Cameroonian's exceptional dagger. Jokic and Embiid have finished first and second in voting for the MVP over the last two seasons, with the Serbian claiming the hardware on each occasion. Both players are among the leading candidates for the coveted award as this season hits the halfway mark. Many fans and figures around the NBA did not know who was set to win the clash between the 76ers and Nuggets on Saturday night. Philadelphia came into the match on a six-game winning run following victories over the Los Angeles Lakers, Portland Trail Blazers and Brooklyn Nets respectively. Meanwhile, the Nuggets were in patchy form following a nine-game winning streak, losing to the Oklahoma City Thunder and Milwaukee Bucks either side of a win over the New Orleans Pelicans. Denver currently lead the Western Conference while the 76ers sit second in the East behind the Boston Celtics. READ MORE: Golden State Warriors risk Steph Curry wrath with off-season decision Ultimately, the 76ers were in control leading 122-117 down the stretch when the moment came for Embiid. The five-time All-Star isolated Jokic at the three-point line and dropped his shoulder, feinting as if he was about to drive into the lane only to pull off a magical stepback three to secure the win for the 76ers over the flabbergasted reigning MVP. Embiid simply shrugged while the Philadelphia fans packed into the Wells Fargo Center went wild. It capped a tremendous night for the 2022 scoring champion, as he tallied 47 points, 18 rebounds, five assists, three steals and two blocks in a dominant performance. It was the ninth time the charismatic center has scored over 40 points this season, and 35th time in his career. Philadelphia star guard James Harden had 17 points and 13 assists, while Tobias Harris scored all 14 of his points in the second half. Jokic had 24 points, eight rebounds and nine assists for Denver as Jamal Murray chipped in 22 points and Michael Porter added 20. DON'T MISS LeBron James held back by security after fan verbally abuses NBA starLos Angeles Lakers ace LeBron James sets new NBA record with 46 pointsLeBron James crashes into courtside fans after attempt to keep ball in Embiid's performance comes after he discovered he missed out on being an All-Star starter, with Kevin Durant (Nets), Kyrie Irving (Nets), Giannis Antetokounmpo (Bucks), Donovan Mitchell (Cleveland Cavaliers) and Jayson Tatum (Boston Celtics) getting the nod instead. Embiid's performance may ensure those who decided he missed the cut took notice, while Philadelphia general manager Daryl Morey blamed the 'shameless Boston media' for the snub. Embiid is enjoying a stellar campaign and finds himself in the MVP race once again. He is averaging 33.4 points per contest - the best in the NBA, narrowly ahead of Luka Doncic - as well as 9.8 rebounds. The 32-16 76ers face the Orlando Magic in their next clash on Monday night.