Los Angeles Lakers superstar LeBron James surpassed 38,000 career points as he draws closer to Kareem Abdul-Jabbar’s all-time NBA scoring record. Abdul-Jabbar has been atop the career points list since April 5 1984 - eight months before James was even born - when he passed the mark previously held by Wilt Chamberlain. On Monday night, the Lakers fell at home 113-112 to the Philadelphia 76ers in an agonising defeat. Many fans were confused by the erratic play of Russell Westbrook on the final possession as he didn’t even get a shot off. The former MVP nearly lost the ball on a drive before circling back and driving again to the rim where he was blocked by Georges Niang as time expired. A win over the full-strength 76ers would have been big for the Lakers, who have struggled in 2022/23 following their poor start to the campaign. James, who is playing at an unprecedented level in his 20th season, dropped 35 points with eight rebounds and 10 assists in vain as the Lakers lost their third successive match. It means Los Angeles remain 13th in the Western Conference despite their recent revival, but the night was still somewhat monumental for James. READ MORE: Luka Doncic matches Michael Jordan feat amid incredible scoring form Heading into the game against Philadelphia, James needed 11 points to reach 38,000 and he reached the mark on a jump shot midway through the first quarter. He became just the second player in NBA history to move beyond the 38,000-point mark after Abdul-Jabbar, the NBA’s all-time leading scorer with 38,387 points to his name. James now has Abdul-Jabbar’s record firmly in his sights as he sits less than 400 points away from his mark. It would be an incredible feat for any player, particularly a forward who considers himself a pass-first player. The 38-year-old should pass the iconic Lakers center soon and he shed light on the weight of the impending achievement at the start of the season. Speaking on media day, James said: “To sit here and to know that I'm on the verge of breaking probably the most sought-after record in the NBA, things that people said would probably never be done, I think it's just super humbling for myself. “I think it's super cool. Obviously, Kareem has had his differences with some of my views and some of the things that I do. DON'T MISSLiverpool to link up with LeBron James on new shirt as images leakedBrooklyn Nets face Kyrie Irving issue after latest Kevin Durant injuryLeBron James reaches NBA retirement decision impacting Lakers trades “But at the end of the day, to be able to be in the same breath as a guy that wore this same uniform, a guy that was a staple of this franchise, along with Magic [Johnson], Big Game [James Worthy] over there for so many years, especially in the '80s, and a guy that does a lot off the floor as well, I think is just super-duper dope for myself to even be in that conversation.” As the former Cleveland Cavalier referred to, James and Abdul-Jabbar hardly share a warm relationship but the duo will forever be connected through their scoring greatness. Based on his current form, James is expected to break the record next month. James’ 19-24 Lakers face the 10-33 Houston Rockets in their next contest in Los Angeles on Monday night.