Alec Baldwin, 64, hit headlines again today when it was announced that he would be charged with involuntary manslaughter over the shooting of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins. Piers Morgan, 57, known for voicing his opinion on matters has slammed the "arrogant" Hollywood actor for "playing the victim" in the situation. Piers, who has dedicated his TalkTV show this evening to discuss Alec, also shared his views on the actor's charge on Twitter. He wrote in view of his 8.3 million followers: "Wow….massive blow to Baldwin who has maintained an arrogant refusal to accept any responsibility for firing the gun, and insisted on playing the victim." Many social media users rushed to the comments to share their views on the actor's charge. Musingsofmegan said: "It's not his job to make sure the gun isn't loaded? READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau's Angel Strawbridge admits issues at home "It's supposed to be a prop gun, which is handled by someone else on set." Social media user TheGoatObserver replied: "It is. If you're handed a firearm by anyone, it is their responsibility to show you that the weapon is unloaded and also your responsibility to confirm that it is before taking control of the weapon. "In most jurisdictions, armourers are very strict even with imitation firearms. "In the US with their gun culture, it seems that reckless weapon handling is rife. Easily could've been avoided with proper weapon handling training." JGergotz commented: "Alec is the producer of the said movie. The responsibility belongs to him in the end." Alec will be charged with involuntary manslaughter after firing a prop gun on set, shooting cinematographer Halyna Hutchins. Hannah Gutierrez Reed, the film's armourer, will also be charged. Santa Fe's District Attorney Mary Carmack-Altwies announced the charges today, adding that they would be filed by the end of the month. The statement read: "Actor and producer Alec Baldwin and armourer Hannah Gutierrez Reed will each be charged with two counts of involuntary manslaughter. I have determined that there is sufficient evidence. DON'T MISS... Lisa Marie Presley slurs words at Golden Globes just before death [INSIGHT] Gina Lollobrigida's ex toyboy sits alongside her son at Rome funeral [NEWS] Jamie Lee Curtis sets record straight after 'upsetting' Instagram post [COMMENT] "On my watch, no one is above the law, and everyone deserves justice." Both face up to 18 months in jail and a $5,000 (£4,040) fine if convicted. Film director Joel Souza was also wounded in the shooting, but prosecutors said no charges would be filed in connection with that. The film's assistant director David Halls entered a guilty plea to a misdemeanour charge of the negligent use of a deadly weapon, prosecutors said, and he will spend six months serving probation. In a statement, a lawyer for Ms Hutchins' husband, Matthew, said he supported the filing of the charges, as he said: "It is a comfort to the family that, in New Mexico, no one is above the law." However, Alec's lawyer, Luke Nikas has called the decision a "terrible miscarriage of justice". Mr Nikas said: "Mr Baldwin had no reason to believe there was a live bullet in the gun - or anywhere on the movie set. "He relied on the professionals with whom he worked, who assured him the gun did not have live rounds. "We will fight these charges, and we will win." Ms Hutchins died in hospital shortly after she was shot in the chest by a prop gun fired by Alec on set. The incident resulted in accusations of negligence and led to calls for better safety protocols on film sets.