Floyd Mayweather has confirmed that he will be fighting in the UK for the very first time next month. The American was due to face Liam Harrison at the O2 Arena in London before the kickboxer pulled out just hours after the announcement - leaving it unclear who Mayweather will fight. The 46-year-old's last professional bout was a non-title fight against Conor McGregor back in 2017 but he has since taken part in a number of exhibition events against a variety of opponents from different backgrounds. Mayweather's next outing was due to be against Muay Thai star Harrison, known as The Hitman, who has chalked up a total of 50 knockout victories over the course of his 90-25-2 career. The decorated American boxer confirmed the news via Instagram by posting a snap of the poster for the event alongside the caption: "London February 25th, It’s official. My first exhibition fight in the UK will be at the O2 Arena. Tickets go on sale next week. Stay Tuned!!" But hours later, Harrison posted: "Many of you will have seen the announcement this morning about my fight against Floyd Mayweather. Devastatingly, my knee just won’t allow it." And it is unclear if the event will be cancelled altogether or if a new fighter will be found, though it is expected given the interest there will be a replacement. JUST IN: Hearn snubs Paul as promoter tips new favourite influencer boxer Papi Former five-weight world champion Mayweather, who will celebrate his 46th birthday on the eve of the fight, recently revealed that a UK event was in the works to give British fans the opportunity to watch him live in the flesh for the very first time in his career. "A bout is planned in the UK for 2023," Mayweather told The Telegraph. "In February we’re looking forward to coming here and putting on an exhibition for the fans in the UK, because I’ve never had a chance to come over here and fight when I was actively boxing as a professional, so hopefully in February I’ll come over and do an exhibition if it’s possible. "I want to continue to help this sport grow, because without boxing I wouldn’t be where I’m at, but what’s also important to me is giving back to the sport of boxing and I will always give back to the sport of boxing, it’s a driving force to me. "I want everybody in the UK to have fun, come and enjoy the entertainment boxing brings. I’m proud of all these guys trying out in boxing, and thankful to everybody that’s been working on these events behind the scenes." Mayweather has fought in a number of exhibition bouts over the last few years, with his most recent taking place in Dubai against YouTube star Deji back in November. The Michigan native has also faced the likes of Logan Paul and Mikuru Asakura since calling time on professional boxing with a perfect record of 50 wins from 50 fights. He never fought outside the USA over the course of his glittering 21-year career, including his epic victory over British icon Ricky Hatton back in 2007. However, many of his subsequent exhibitions have taken place in a range of locations around the world such as Abu Dhabi, Japan and the United Arab Emirates. Follow our Express Sport page on Instagram here