The allowance for capital gains tax (CGT) is set to be cut in April 2023, which will mean people will be dragged into paying more taxes. Multiple tax and Budget changes were announced by Jeremy Hunt in his Autumn Statement in November 2022, including the slashing of the CGT allowance. Capital gains tax is a levy on the profits made when certain assets are sold or transferred over to someone else. Last year, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt announced plans to significantly reduce the allowance for capital gains tax. The allowance will be slashed from £12,300 to £6,000 in April 2023, with it being cut to £3,000 next year. Any gains over the yearly exemption are charged at 10 percent or 20 percent depending on your income-tax bracket. As a result of this decision, taxpayers only have a couple of months left to take full advantage of their currently sizable allowance. READ MORE: Pension triple lock ‘needs reform’ for ‘means-tested’ payments Speaking to Express.co.uk, James Norton, the head of financial planning at Vanguard, broke down the importance of savers making maximum use of tax-efficient wrappers. He explained: "There are a number of ways to reduce a CGT bill. The first is by making use of tax efficient wrappers such as SIPPs or ISAs. “Capital gains are tax-free on all ISA investments, no matter the size. The current annual ISA allowance is £20,000 – so it’s well worth making use of to reduce or even avoid a CGT bill. The tax expert noted that, when it comes to someone’s capital gains allowance, Britons will either “use it or lose it”. Mr Norton said: “Something else to bear in mind is that the annual CGT allowance is of the ‘use it or lose it’ kind, meaning you can’t carry any part of it into subsequent tax years. However, you can carry forward losses. “So if you make a loss one year, think ahead to the following tax year as you may well be able to offset this loss against any future capital gain. Just remember to include it in your tax return. There are other ways people can reduce their capital gains tax bill, particularly if they are in a couple. Vanguard’s head of financial planning added: “Transferring assets to a spouse or civil partner can also help to bring down the CGT bill if they are in a lower tax bracket or haven’t fully used their CGT allowance. READ MORE: Waspi women wait for compensation verdict as 'cruel' rumours fly “This is because every individual has their own allowance, which means a married couple in 2022/23 could potentially realise tax-free capital gains worth up to £24,600. “Transfers between spouses and civil partners are usually tax-free.” According to Mr Norton, Britons can better manage their taxable income levels to better control how much they pay in capital gains. He said: “The rate at which you pay CGT is dependent on your income tax band, so reducing your income tax rate could help reduce a CGT bill. “The simplest way to do this is by contributing more to your pension or making charitable donations.” Finally, the tax expert warned of the potential danger posed by taxpayers accidentally paying the levy twice instead of just once. Mr Norton shared: “Capital gains are wiped upon death, as your estate will incur inheritance tax. Selling assets later in life could mean you end up paying tax on the same asset twice.” The capital gains tax allowance will be slashed, along with other tax changes, in early April 2023.