The new rule raises the minimum amount of hours claimants have to work in order to receive their full benefit. People who work part-time may have to start looking for more or better paid jobs if they want to continue receiving Universal Credit. Currently, Universal Credit claimants working 12 or less hours a week at the national minimum wage must actively look for extra hours or better paid work to continue to be eligible for the cash. They must also meet regularly with a work coach. However, a new rule set to come into force on January 30, will increase this to 15 hours or less at minimum wage, meaning an estimated 120,000 people will have to earn more to be exempt. If they do not meet the requirements they could lose their Universal Credit payments. The Government has said certain groups will remain exempt from sanctions, including people who are unable to work because of long-term sickness or a disability and those over the state pension age of 66. READ MORE: Dragons’ Den rejects turnover £22.5million despite doubts they would make ‘huge profit’  However, if someone earns below this rate they will be moved to “intensive work search” and will be given a number of hours that they are expected to take part in work search activities each week. Their individual circumstances will decide how many hours that is, with childcare commitments and health conditions being considered. These are some of the other activities they may be asked to take part in: Any mandatory commitments missed without a valid reason could lead to a sanction and their benefits being stopped.  READ MORE: Carer's Allowance recipients urged to check what other benefits they are entitled to If people are not sure how they will be affected it's worth speaking to their work coach or a charity like Turn2Us for advice. They have a free number that people can call them on 0808 802 2000. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has confirmed the dates low-income families will receive £900 in cost of living payments. Claimants can expect three instalments of £299, £300 and £301 to land directly into their accounts over the next calendar year. The new £900 cash boost for over eight million eligible means-tested benefits claimants, including those on Universal Credit, Pension Credit and tax credits, starts in Spring and will go direct to bank accounts in three payments over the course of the financial year. Exact payment windows will be announced closer to the time but are spread across a longer period to ensure a consistent support offering throughout the year. They will be broadly as follows: If individuals are eligible, they will be paid automatically, and there will be no need to apply.