An overgrowth of the naturally occurring candida fungus can lead to "denture stomatitis", the Oral Health Foundation pointed out. While everybody has some level of candida in their mouth, an overgrowth can lead to oral health issues. The inflammatory reaction is more likely if you have acrylic dentures, DermNet noted. Other factors could include poorly fitted dentures, old dentures, and continuous wearing of dentures. "There are some things to watch out for," the experts at UKHealthCentre stated. When taking your dentures out, for example, be on the lookout for the area underneath that might be "very red". READ MORE: Dr Mosley shares 'gentle' movement to help your brain 'function better' - 'Easy to do' You might experience some pain when you take your dentures out, or when you put them back in. There could also be red sores that develop at the corners of the lips, or on the roof of the mouth. White patches may also appear on the inside of your mouth, and you might have bad breath. Denture stomatitis is a type of oral thrush, which the NHS says can lead to: Without treatment, oral thrush can spread elsewhere, to other parts of the body. Thankfully, the "common" condition can be "easily treated" with a mouth gel bought from a pharmacy. To help prevent another episode of oral thrush, "rinse your mouth after eating or taking medicine", the national health service recommends. It's also helpful not to wear dentures at night, not to smoke, and to see your dentist if your dentures do not fit comfortably inside your mouth. READ MORE: Three drinks that can help you fall asleep and boost sleep quality The NHS offers tips on keeping your dentures clean to help prevent oral thrush. Dentures should be clean "at least twice a day, every morning and night" with toothpaste or soap and water. The dentures should also be soaked overnight in a fizzy solution of denture-cleaning tablets to help remove stains and bacteria. When to see a dentist Any of the following signs indicate that it's time to book a dentist's appointment: The NHS adds: "If poorly fitting or worn dentures aren't replaced, they can cause great discomfort." Moreover, poorly fitted dentures can "lead to mouth sores, infections or problems eating and speaking".