Prince William has rebuffed Harry's call for talks to take place between the two brothers. During press interviews for his memoir Spare, Harry said he wanted the Royal Family to apologise to him and offer "accountability" during a sit-down. However, according to royal expert Neil Sean, the Prince of Wales feels he "cannot afford to trust his younger brother right now". Speaking on his YouTube Channel 'Neil Sean’s Daily Headline news,' the royal expert said William sees Harry as "a lost cause". Mr Sean remarked: "According to a very good source, William is feeling pragmatic about the entire issue with his brother. "He feels that he has done everything in his power, his absolute best, to advise and guide Harry. "Harry decided to take his own advice and now Prince William has told a very good source that he is resigned to the fact that he has lost his younger brother." JUST IN: Prince William 'fears Harry could use Coronation to stage stunt'  The royal expert continued: "This is about mistrust. Even if he said let's forgive and forget, William feels there will always be a nagging feeling that if he lets Harry in, their conversations could be made public down the line. "William said that, while he misses him, he is focused on raising his three children with his wife Catherine. "This could change in the future but it goes to show where the brothers are right now. He feels Harry is a lost cause." In one of the more explosive revelations in Spare, Harry accused William of physically attacking him during an argument between the pair over Harry's wife Meghan.  To promote the book, Harry made a series of solo appearances on ITV, CBS’ 60 Minutes, Good Morning America, and The Late Show with Stephen Colbert. The book, published on January 10, sold 1.43 million copies on its first day of sale in the UK, US, and Canada, making it the fastest-selling nonfiction book of all time. Meanwhile, a poll this week found that a majority of the British public thinks the Duke of Sussex should be invited to King Charles III’s Coronation on May 6. DON'T MISS: Voters believe that MPs should publish their full tax returns [POLL]West has been asleep for too long, says Lt Col Stuart Crawford [COMMENT]Zelensky gets huge boost as US set to green light delivery of F-16s [LIVE BLOG]  Two-thirds of Britons responded to an Ipsos poll for the London Evening Standard by saying they think the Duke should attend the ceremony despite his damaging attacks on the royals. The poll of 1,001 Britons was carried out between January 18 and 25. Gideon Skinner, of Ipsos UK, commented: “Despite not being as popular as he once was, most Britons still think Harry should be invited to the Coronation in May, which suggests some hope for reconciliation.” The Coronation will be part of a weekend of celebrations including a procession from Buckingham Palace, a day of volunteering for the nation, and a concert at Windsor Castle. 