With the Government’s ban on the sale of new petrol and diesel cars less than seven years away, many individuals and businesses are looking for alternatives. Electric cars are the obvious choice for many, with more than one million registrations in the UK already, but many are also looking at the feasibility of hydrogen. Domenico Sicilia, Sales Director, Alternative Fuels LNG, Hydrogen and CNG at Dover Fueling Solutions, commented on the future of hydrogen vehicles and their popularity. He said: “The hydrogen vehicle is not to be misunderstood by drivers with concerns over their affordability, safety, refilling times, and even their environmental credentials. “In reality, a lot of these are mere myths, because clean-fueled vehicles, such as the hydrogen-powered truck or bus, and already available safe filling stations technology can pave the way to a greener future without fossil-fuel dependence.” In August 2021, the Government published its UK Hydrogen Strategy which outlined the plans for the use of hydrogen in transport in the future. READ MORE: The most reliable cars on the market - BMW, Tesla, Toyota and more It announced funding worth £23million to support the Hydrogen for Transport Programme which aims to support its use specifically for transport. There are only two hydrogen-powered passenger cars available to buy in the UK - the Toyota Mirai and the Hyundai NEXO. The Toyota Mirai is the Japanese car maker’s first major entry into the hydrogen market. The sleek four-door saloon starts at a price of £53,995 and boasts an incredibly impressive fuel economy range of between 317.3 to 357.5mpg. DON'T MISSCar clocking 'isn’t disappearing any time soon' as drivers warned [WARNING]Drivers urged to use sandwich bag to clear windscreen frost in seconds [HELPFUL]Supermarket petrol and diesel price wars leaving drivers ‘livid’ [SHOCKING] Manufacturers Hyundai and Hyzon are leading the rollout with the first fuel cell trucks recently appearing on the European market, while development continues apace for other companies. Hyundai’s Xcient model is a significant entry for the South Korean manufacturer. The world’s first hydrogen-powered, heavy-duty truck hit Swiss roads in late 2021, and a total of 1,600 units are expected to hit European roads by 2025. Another haulage heavyweight is American brand Hyzon, whose Class 8 and Hymax models are also paving the way toward decarbonised heavy-duty road transport. Hyzon Motors form part of the European consortium, Hydrogen Europ which plans to introduce 100,000 fuel cell trucks by 2030. READ MORE: London ULEZ expansion could see tradespeople charged £3,000 a year While hydrogen-powered technology and infrastructure remain a work in progress, companies and nations are working around the clock to combat this and meet tighter climate regulations. Purchasing hydrogen transport offers huge environmental benefits, given that they only produce water and warm air as emissions. Its fuel cells are inherently non-polluting and contribute nothing to global warming. In addition, driving ranges are improving, refuelling times are fast, and new EU tolling legislation provides huge benefits for zero-emissions trucks. According to H2 Mobility, there are 162 hydrogen refuelling stations across Europe, with a further 42 currently being implemented. Of these, seven are located in the UK - three around London, one in Birmingham, one in Sheffield and two near Aberdeen. The majority of refuelling stations are found in central Europe, including Germany, Denmark, Belgium and Switzerland. Despite this, there are only six stations in France, two in Italy and none in Spain, although there are plans to add five more (two in France and Spain and one in Italy). There may also be plans for another five stations in the UK. Two would be facilities for buses, in Crawley and Liverpool. The other three would be open to use for drivers, located in Tees Valley, Belfast and Glasgow.