Over 100 people have been injured in a huge 5.8 magnitude earthquake in an Iranian province, emergency officials have confirmed. The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reported the quake in the West Azerbaijan province, on the Turkish border.  200 rural houses were reportedly damaged in the tremor. According to the governor for Khoy, which was near the earthquake, the number of people injured has reached 120.  The Iranian Seismological Center, affiliated with the Institute of Geophysics at Tehran University, report that the earthquake occurred at 1.38pm local time. The quake struck at a depth of 12km from the earth's surface. Nearby provinces also felt the high-intensity jolt, including East Azerbaijan, reported Turkey's state-run news agency Anadolu. No casualties have been reported so far. USGS issued a yellow alert for shaking-related fatalities and economic losses. According to local media, teams have been dispatched to the worst affected areas in Khoy. The Iranian Red Crescent reported it has sent search and rescue teams to the quake-hit areas. There have been reports of 7 aftershocks so far. Iran is located in a seismically active zone due to several major geological faultlines which crisscross the country, and has gone through several catastrophic earthquakes in recent years. Last October a 5.4 magnitude earthquake hit Khoy, leaving nearly 400 people injured, as well as partial or full damage to hundreds of urban and rural residential properties. READ MORE: Huge warning after huge earthquake detected in tourist hotspot [REVEAL] Similarly last month a 5.1 magnitude earthquake rocked northeastern Iran's South Khorasan province, with its epicenter in the Ersk region. Meanwhile in July, at least five people were killed and more than 80 injured after a 6.1 magnitude quake struck the southern province of Hormozgan situated along the coast of the Persian Gulf. However, the most devastating earthquake to hit the country in recent years was in 2013. At least 34,000 people died in the city of Bam in southeastern Kerman province due to an earthquake that measured 6.7 on the Richter scale. DON'T MISS: California rocked by strong 6.4 magnitude earthquake [REVEAL]Lava fountains 200 feet high erupting from Hawaii’s Mauna Loa volcano [INSIGHT]Magnitude 6 earthquake strikes western Turkey [ANALYSIS]