LeBron James and Fenway Sports Group may be exploring a potential sale of Liverpool FC, but that doesn't mean that the NBA is done collaborating with his favourite football club. Images have surfaced online of a new Liverpool shirt engineered alongside James, and fans seem torn on the design. Liverpool could have a new shirt released, although it's purely a fashion piece and unlikely to ever see the football field. James is a self-proclaimed Liverpool fan, and has been financially involved with the club since 2011 when the NBA star initially invested. He later increased his share under FSG, but it looks like the Americans could be on their way out after they declared they would explore a sale of the club. Leaks of the new shirt have still circled on social media, and it's not known if the strip is one that's just not been released, or an item that's set to be unveiled. But due to the NBA icon being involved, it's unlikely to come cheap should it hit the shelves. With a black / dark green colour with red stripe and trim, it's definitely a shirt you're not going to miss walking down the street. It's far from the traditional Liverpool shirt, which has caused some divide within the fanbase. Of course, these are all links for now as nothing official has been announced by Liverpool. And the leaked pictures shows the shirt retailing in America, rather than in the United Kingdom. It also had a price tag of $150 (£123.50), meaning that it may be more accessible to the US market due to the James influence. Whether it's genuine or not, it's likely to be the last work James does with Liverpool, as FSG are expected to be on the way out in the near future. FSG will listen to offers of more than £3billion for Liverpool, according to reports. FSG have been inviting interested parties to approach them with bids for the Merseyside club. The American owners group have owned Liverpool since 2010, as they expanded their portfolio after buying MLB side Boston Red Sox back in 2002. The Americans have since bought a stake in NHL side Pittsburgh Penguins, but it appears that they now want to offload some of their portfolio, for one potential reason. The NBA is set to expand within the next few years, with Seattle and Vegas tipped to hold franchises, and FSG are at the front of the queue to acquire the latter. Current Los Angeles Lakers star LeBron James invested in Liverpool and FSG many years ago, and could soon play a major part in the owners group successfully breaking into the NBA.