Novak Djokovic enjoyed a triumphant return to the Australian Open as he won his first round match against Roberto Carballes Baena in straight sets, his first appearance at the tournament since winning the 2021 edition. Djokovic did not get a chance to defend his crown last year after his visa was cancelled and he was deported due to a row over refusal to get vaccinated against Covid. Despite the controversy, Djokovic was given a warm welcome by fans in Melbourne and after beating Carballes Baena he paid tribute to his parents and brother. They have travelled to Melbourne to watch him compete in the Australian Open for the first time since 2008, when he won his maiden Grand Slam by beating Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the final. "Thank you so much," he told the crowd. "I just want to say I love my parents and my brother. They are here after 15 years … They’ve been here, last time, when I won in 2008, my first slam. So hopefully they will bring me luck once again." JUST IN: Australian Open star can't risk returning to Russia after coming out The presence of Djokovic's parents is notable given how outspoken they were about last year's vaccine drama, with his father Srdjan pleading with the Queen to get involved. "Icall on the Queen of Britain, Elizabeth, the leader of the Commonwealth, to intervene and protect the human rights of my son Novak Djokovic and to stop the political prosecution that has been carried out against him since he came to Australia. "I appeal to the Queen of Britain, Elizabeth, to intervene and stop the torture carried out over the multiple Wimbledon champion, decorated by Prince William for achievements in philanthropy. DON'T MISSDjokovic shuts down injury fears as Serb makes winning Aus Open returnKyrgios warns Djokovic of 'dangerous' rival as he predicts Aus OpenAustralian Open cancel matches in huge boost for Andy Murray Djokovic's mother, Dijana, meanwhile claimed her son had been "subjected to torture and harassment". She told a press conference: "He always fought for justice, he's done nothing wrong, he hasn't broken any of their [Australia's] laws and he was subjected to torture and harassment, and we will hear even more about what he had to go through. "He fought against the system and the government because he thought he had the right to be there with the visa that he got, and he went there to win that tournament. Never before have we faced a situation like this."