Unless Aaron Rodgers hadn't received the hint that the New York Jets are seriously keen on adding him to their roster, he has now. To follow on from appointing a former Green Bay Packers offensive coordinator, Jets head coach Robert Saleh has now said he wants to bring in a "veteran quarterback". Rodgers to the Jets may really be on the cards, if the Packers quarterback wants to head to New York that is. It was a disappointing season from the Packers, and even when it looked like they may sneak into the play-offs, they lost on the final day against the already eliminated Detroit Lions. Rodgers admitted shortly after the game that is "may be time to step away" from the franchise, and the Jets are certainly doing all that they can to tempt him. Saleh has made a major statement after announcing that the Jets are looking for a veteran quarterback to help develop Zach Wilson, who remains the long-term prospect. And they've made further moves behind the scenes to facilitate Rodgers - should he decide to leave the Packers after 18 years. "The quarterback position, obviously, with all the different interviews was the No. 1 concern and rightfully so," Saleh explained. "It was simple: We're committed to finding a veteran. "We didn't get into names. … It was talked about that we do plan on bringing in a veteran quarterback if we can. We do want to continue working with Zach and continue to develop him." A short-term great is all that the Jets are looking for, and that's all that Rodgers will want as he's already made hints that he won't be playing as long as Tom Brady. Brady is 45 and potentially looking at playing another season, whereas Rodgers would be 41 by the time his current deal expires. So the Jets are making their move now, and on Thursday the franchise hired former Denver Broncos head coach Nathaniel Hackett as their new offensive coordinator. Hackett was the OC at the Packers between 2019-2021, and helped Rodgers clinch the MVP award - something that the quarterback wants to win again before retiring. Jets legend Joe Namath has also offered to unretire his no.12 jersey for Rodgers to wear, an exclusive offer just for him. "I'm a big Rodgers fan, and I noticed that he wears number 12, of course," Namath said. "I'm thinking, well, man, if we get him on our side, I want him to wear his number, man. We established ourselves and we've got a real respect for our numbers, and Aaron Rodgers, God almighty, yeah! It'd be great to have him in New York."