After the success of the South Korean series, Netflix unveiled a new game show featuring Squid Game-inspired challenges. Gladiators star Michael Van Wijk was among the players hoping to win the £3.7 million prize fund, however, it has been reported the actor was eliminated.   Michael ‘Wolf’ Van Wijk rose to fame during the ‘90s after he starred in the original series Gladiators. Putting his skills to the test, the 70-year-old bodybuilder was reportedly flown from his home in New Zealand to take part in the Squid Game challenges, which is being filmed in Bedford. However, his time in the game show was cut short, as Michael is believed to have been eliminated. According to reports, he failed to get through the first round, which was the Red Light, Green Light challenge, and was sent home. READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row     Fans of the gruesome Netflix drama will recall the horrifying scenes as Gi-hun (played by Lee Jung-jae) battled to make it through the first game. He was among 456 players hoping to successfully reach the other end of the enclosed field, however, his fate was determined by a large doll positioned at the finish line. Within five minutes, players were permitted to move when the doll shouted “green light”, but as soon as it declared “red light” players were forced to remain still. The participants remained frozen as the doll then scanned for movement and if a player was caught moving, the player would be eliminated and shot dead.    During the gripping episode, Gi-Hun was one of 201 players who successfully passed on to the next challenge. Throughout Michael’s time on the Gladiators, he starred in eight seasons and quickly became a fan favourite. According to The Sun, an insider revealed: “Everyone recognised him straight away and was excited to meet him. "He was a really nice guy. It’s a shame he was taken out in the first round but he seemed in good spirits.” DON'T MISS...Lea Michele branded ‘disrespectful’ after ‘pushing’ Sadie Sink [REACTION]Netflix respond to claims Squid Game players ‘stretchered off' set [INSIGHT]Squid Game actor O Yeong-su indicted for sexual misconduct [NEWS] Speaking on Michael’s elimination, the source added: “It just shows you how hard the competition was. "If he found it hard what hope was there for anyone else?” Michael’s elimination comes just days after reports of contestants being “stretchered” off the Netflix game show. Other players had reportedly complained of injuries and health woes, including one who said they "felt like they had frostbite"   The new competition series has been branded a “war zone” by players due to its physically demanding challenges. As filming continues in Bedford’s Cardington TV studios, The Sun reported one exhausted player required a stretcher while others were left “in tears”. However, Netflix has since hit back at these claims and told Express.co.uk: "We care deeply about the health and safety of our cast and crew, and invested in all the appropriate safety procedures. “While it was very cold on set -- and participants were prepared for that -- any claims of serious injury are untrue.”  Squid Game season 1 is available to stream on Netflix now.