During season 10’s A Good Man, Chicago PD fans were left heartbroken as the episode also marked Jesse Lee Soffer’s departure as Jay Halstead. As rumours swirled surrounding his potential return, showrunner Gwen Sigan crushed hopes as she ruled out his comeback.  Back in October, Jay handed in his badge and gun for good after a scuffle with a suspect which ended with him stabbing the man to death. Sergeant Hank Voight (played by Jason Beghe) and his wife detective Hailey Upton (Tracy Spiridakos) wanted to come up with a cover story for the death, so he could keep his job. But after a battle with his moral compass, Jay decided to hand himself in to Chief Patrick O’Neill (Michael Gaston). By the end of the episode, the disgraced officer revealed he would be joining a task force in Bolivia for eight months. READ MORE: Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again    During the emotional scene, he told Upton: “It’s black and white, it’s good and bad, it’s right and wrong, and it’s no more of this. “I need that. I need that back. I fly out today. It’s not forever, it’s eight months, maybe a little longer. “But I swear to you that we’re gonna get through this because you’re the love of my life, and if I’m yours, then you’ll know that you have to let me go.” Although fans were devastated to see him go, many anticipated his potential return to the police department after eight months.  However, the show's producer, Gwen confirmed there were no plans for Jay’s return. She stated: “We’ll definitely hear about what’s going on, for sure, and tell stories about that absence. “There are no plans to see him on screen, but we’re very excited that he is coming back and directing one,” Gwen added to TV Insider. Although the actor would no longer be on screens, Jesse has since returned to set to work behind the scenes as a director. DON'T MISS...Escape to the Chateau DIY mansion is being sold [INSIGHT]Chicago PD season 11: Atwater rocked as blast from the past returns [INSIGHT]Chicago Med delayed: Season 17 won’t air until next month [INSIGHT]  According to Variety, Jesse returned to direct episode 16 which has yet to land on screens. While bosses have remained tight-lipped about what the episode will entail, fans will be glad to see Chicago PD back from hiatus on Wednesday. After his character’s exit aired, Jesse took to social media and thanked fans for their support: “For anyone that’s ever been a Halstead fan, I just want you to know that I’m grateful. “Thank you for going on this journey with me, If I could like every single tweet I would. I appreciate all the love. It means so much to me. Thank you.”  In a second statement, the actor said: “I want to thank the incredible fans for their unwavering support during the past 10 years. “And want to express my deepest gratitude to Dick Wolf and everyone at Wolf Entertainment, Peter Jankowski, Matt Olmstead, Derek Haas, Michael Brandt, Rick Eid, Gwen Sigan, NBC, Universal Television, my fellow castmates and our incredible crew.” Jesse added: “To create this hour drama week after week has been a labour of love by everyone who touches the show. I will always be proud of my time as Det. Jay Halstead.”  Chicago PD season 10 returns to NBC on Wednesday, January 4. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 