A furious dad has slammed "inconsiderate" police for parking on the pavement for six hours on a busy road used by children to get to school. The parent was so enraged that he pulled out his phone and started filming.   He claims there was not enough space for pushchairs and wheelchairs, and that pedestrians were forced onto the A520 in Weston Coyney, Stoke-on-Trent. The road linking the A50 to the A52 is busy with traffic including HGVs. The 33-year-old father-of-one, who wished to remain anonymous, told StokeonTrentLive: "This could have easily been avoided, with minimum effort. The car could very easily be moved onto the side street a few metres away. "I’m not against the police but where they’ve left the car was causing a potential risk. "It’s easy for someone to come round that corner, you’re in a rush to drop kids off, you don’t take the time, you just step out. "It’s an accident waiting to happen. The last thing I want is a bunch of flowers at the side of the road where a mum and baby have been killed."   It is believed the police car - which was covered in snow - had been parked up from 2am before being moved at around 8am when the road is busy with school traffic. The pedestrian, from Weston Coyney, Stoke-on-Trent, added: "I’ve lived in that area all my life. There’s a school to the left and to the right, there’s a junior school. "If you’re pulling out of that side street, it’s impossible to see traffic coming down. "You’d just have to keep edging out which isn’t ideal. It’s a major route for haulage. Even at 6.45am, the road was busy. "It’s inconsiderate for anyone to park that way but for a police officer to do it is unforgiveable. "It doesn’t matter what car you have, who you are, what your work is, there’s places you should avoid parking. "At least if it was left on the road, the cars would have to slow down and the pedestrians would not be put at risk." The Highway Codes states that unless there is a sign that explicitly says you are allowed to park your vehicle on the pavement, this should generally be avoided. However, it is currently only illegal to do so in London. Highway Code Rule 244 states: "You MUST NOT park partially or wholly on the pavement in London, and should not do so elsewhere unless signs permit it. "Parking on the pavement can obstruct and seriously inconvenience pedestrians, people in wheelchairs or with visual impairments and people with prams or pushchairs."  Staffordshire Police said they appreciated the incident being brought to their attention. A spokesman said: "We understand residents may be concerned about parking in the area, including the parking of police vehicles. "The vehicle in question was parked at a time during which the school had only just opened at around 8am. "However, that does not excuse the standard of the parking and we appreciate this being brought to our attention. "The rules for emergency services parking are as follows: