Lorraine Kelly and royal editor Russell Myers discussed Prince Harry's in-depth ITV and CBS interviews ahead of the release of his tell-all memoir on Monday's instalment of her talk show. Russell felt there was an "overwhelming sense of sadness" throughout the Duke of Sussex's interviews, but Lorraine noted how the "heat" is being taken off Prince Andrew.  Within Harry's sit-down interviews with ITV journalist Tom Bradby and CBS News' Anderson Cooper, the royal candidly addressed his relationship with his father King Charles III and brother Prince William as well as Princess Diana's tragic death. Harry claimed his wife Meghan Markle was "not welcome" in Balmoral Castle when Queen Elizabeth II was dying, but Buckingham Palace has not responded to any of his claims. Lorraine asked her guest Russell: "There's been no reaction, do you think it's the right strategy?" Russell replied: "I think so because there has been so much said over the [ITV] interview and through the book so I can't imagine we will get a reaction at all about any of this." READ MORE: Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ Neil is working with Tommy Lee Royce Lorraine added: "I'll tell you this, and we've said it before, the only member of the Royal Family who must be very grateful to Harry is Prince Andrew. "It takes all the headlines away from him, doesn't it? It takes all the heat off of him all of the time." Russell laughed and agreed with Lorraine's comments about Harry's disgraced uncle. Andrew was stripped of his royal title last January after he was accused of sexual assault by one of Jeffry Epstein's trafficking victims Virginia Guiffre.  The royal has strenuously denied all allegations made against him, previously claiming to journalist Emily Maitlis he had no recollection of ever meeting Virginia in a bombshell interview. While the focus in the past few days has been on Harry's relationships with his father, brother, sister-in-law Kate Middleton and stepmother Queen Consort Camilla, he does mention Andrew in his memoir. An excerpt from Spare read: “He was embroiled in a shameful scandal, accused of the sexual assault of a young woman and no one had so much suggested that he lose his security. "Whatever grievances people had against us, sex crimes weren’t on the list." DON'T MISS...Harry is just an angry teen writing in his diary at bedtime - COMMENT [COMMENT]Harry and Meghan dubbed ‘the ginger and the whinger’ by TV pundit  [UPDATE]Harry showed signs of 'sad resignation' in US interview [INSIGHT] Elsewhere in Lorraine's interview with Russell, she asked him about Harry's strained relationship with Prince William. In an excerpt from Harry's memoir, he claims: "[William] pulled me again, grabbed me again and twisted me to maintain eye contact." Harry also claimed his brother swore on Princess Diana's life he just wanted him to be happy. "He'd gone there, he'd used the universal code and secret password," Harry's book reads.  "Ever since we were boys, those three words were only to be used in times of extreme crisis." Reflecting on Harry's words, Russell added: "He then goes on to say, 'I didn't believe him,' and that shows you how fractured the two boys have become." The royal editor and Lorraine felt there was an "overwhelming sense of sadness" throughout Harry's interviews and within his memoir. Lorraine airs on weekdays at 9am on ITV. 