A man was killed and his widow was paralysed after they were trampled by cows while walking their daughter's dogs during their work lunch break, an inquest heard. Michael Holmes was pronounced dead at the scene and his wife Teresa was airlifted to the hospital.    The tragedy occurred as they crossed a field on a public right of way with the two whippets. Michael suffered 35 rib fractures, and the sack of his heart was lacerated, the hearing was told. The heart itself was bruised after the 57-year-old was trampled just 20 feet from the end of the footpath in September 2020, a jury inquest into his death was told.. A pathologist ruled the injuries to his chest on their own were not survivable. Teresa, who was knocked unconscious in the incident, woke up in the hospital a week later to be told her husband had died. She then spent six months in the hospital as she rehabilitated from her injuries, which included spinal fractures, spinal cord injuries, and fractured ribs. The inquest, held at the Wakefield Civil and Family Justice Centre, was told Teresa took medical retirement due to her injuries, which have left her permanently in a wheelchair. She told the court that she and Michael, her husband of 34 years, would regularly walk the route during their lunch breaks as they worked from home during lockdown.   She said: "We were both working from home and it became a routine to get out every day for half an hour for a walk. "We set off just after 12 with the dogs. Both dogs were used to each other and we had them both on fixed leads. "We were aware that there were sometimes cattle on the field. "Quite often we would come in the reverse way to the field and we've seen cattle and said we won't go across the field. We'd take a different route. "I don't remember the incident, which is a good thing really because what happened must have been horrific. "I worked for children's services at Leeds City Council, I loved that job, but after this, I just felt like I couldn't do this job." The court heard the couple, from Leeds, moved to Netherton on the outskirts of Wakefield, West Yorks, in 2016 with the view of their house being their "retirement home". During lockdown, Michael - who worked in Telecoms - and Teresa would go for walks during lunch breaks. The inquest heard their daughter Laura asked if they could care for her two whippets, Neville and Luna, as their regular dog walker was not available. The couple agreed to mind the dogs and took them for a walk through a nearby farmer's field at around noon on September 29, a route Teresa says they took "scores of times". Teresa said because there were signs urging dog walkers to keep their animals on a lead, the couple thought it would be safe to take the dogs through the field. But as they approached the end of the footpath - which is in the middle of the field - they were attacked by the cattle. Footage from a nearby CCTV camera, shown to the jury, captured the moment the cows "accelerated" towards the couple. Teresa told the court she did not remember the incident, but was told later the dogs had escaped the stampede and ran off. They were found by a neighbour, with their fixed leads on, who raised the alarm. The court heard an air ambulance was dispatched to the scene, but nothing could be done to save Michael. Speaking of her husband, Teresa added: "He was a family man, he loved his family. His family meant everything to him. "He had a very dry sense of humour and I do miss that. He had his own unique wit." The inquest heard the Health and Safety Executive had dealt with nine deaths from cow stampedes in five years, but 2020 saw a "small spike". Michael's death was the third fatal cow trampling in a month. Deputy headteacher David Clark died after being trampled by cattle in a field north of Richmond, North Yorkshire, just days earlier. Malcolm Flynn, 72, was fatally injured when he was charged by cows on land near Thirlwall Castle and Gisland, Northumberland. The inquest continues.