The Government wants to save billions and Britain faces the challenge of paying for the needs of an ageing population. If the proposals go ahead, people aged 54 and under could have their retirement plans shredded. Age UK warns the people who “will lose out the most are those unable to work due to ill health and caring responsibilities”. Rishi Sunak is facing a Cabinet split on bringing forward the change scheduled for 2046 to 2035. Work and pensions minister Mel Stride is understood to favour raising the pension age in 2042 instead. Regardless of what decision is made, people in Britain are going to end up working longer. It is essential this does not result in greater poverty among older workers and their needs must be respected. Work can be a source of camaraderie, fulfilment and joy, but the men and women upon whom this economy depends must not be exploited. It is lunacy that a rapist who attacked two woman as a man but who now identifies as female could secure a place in a women’s prison. Adam Graham carried out vile sex attacks in Clydebank and Glasgow and now goes by the name of Isla Bryson. Jurors heard a horrifying account of one of the rapes, with the victim saying: “I told him to stop and he did not. He kept going.” Such a person is a danger to women. This case illustrates why there is so much genuine concern about the change in the law in Scotland to make it radically easier for people to change their legal gender. Rapists and abusers will exploit any opportunity to access potential victims. We must never drop our guard against any form of sexual abuse. Instead of pandering to the woke sensibilities of a liberal elite, decision-makers should wake up to the reality that women-only spaces must be protected. Funerals often feature fond laughter as families remember the quirks and jokes that made a loved one unique. Retired painter and decorator Eddie Joyce’s send-off was worthy of an episode of his favourite sitcom. The great-grandfather made his journey to the Slough crematorium in a yellow Reliant Robin hearse, in one of many nods to Only Fools and Horses. Funeral staff dressed as Batman and Robin – in homage to an iconic Christmas special. This sounds like an event that was not just lovely but “jubbly”.