Many people will diligently work and pay National Insurance contributions, with the hope of securing a full state pension when it comes to retirement. Employees, and self-employed people who make profit over a certain threshold, will need to pay National Insurance if they earn over the threshold.  As the state pension is connected to the National Insurance contributions a person makes throughout their life, many see their contributions as working towards a state pension entitlement. However, research published this week has shown some may get less value in state pension than others. The Pensions Policy Institute looked at the contributions of individuals aged 20, 40 and 60 compared to how much they may receive when it comes to retirement. The research found 40-year-old men who are in the top 10 percent of earners pay about £250,000 in National Insurance contributions throughout their working lives. READ MORE: France hikes state pension age and UK set to do so next  However, they would only receive £248,000 in state pension income back from the Government if they were to live until the age of 90. Comparatively, a 40-year-old man on average earnings would pay some £138,000 in National Insurance contributions. However, living to the general life expectancy in the UK of 87, he would receive £213,000 back in state pension. Former pensions minister Sir Steve Webb told the Financial Times the analysis shows the state pension offers “extremely good value for most people” as individuals get more out than they pay in. DON'T MISSTerminally ill Britons call for early access to state pension [LATEST]Pension reform may be on Rishi Sunak’s list [UPDATE]Woman ‘cried’ as she lost father’s £7,000 inheritance [WARNING] National Insurance rules relating to the state pension differ according to when a person was born, and when they retired. The basic state pension is for men born before April 6, 1951 and women born before April 6, 1953 - who reached state pension age before April 6, 2016. These individuals typically need a total of 30 qualifying years of National Insurance contributions or credits to get the full basic state pension. The new state pension is for men born on or after April 6, 1951 and women born on or after April 6, 1953. READ MORE: ‘Turned £1,000 into £9’ - Savers lose billions as top Isa funds crash People will usually need at least 10 qualifying years on their NI record to get any state pension at all. Some 35 qualifying years are usually needed for a person who wishes to be eligible for a full new state pension. Some may get less than the full new state pension if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. How many National Insurance contributions a person makes will depend on the years they have worked, as well as how early they are able to retire. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This typically hinges on the state pension age which is set to rise in the coming years. A review is currently taking place to look at how these changes will be implemented. At present, a gradual rise to 68 between 2044 and 2046 is planned. However, the current review is considering whether the increase to age 68 should be brought forward to 2037 to 2039. Feedback from the review must be published by May 7, 2023 in accordance with the law.