After six Rocky movies, Sylvester Stallone reprised his boxer as an ageing trainer in Creed and Creed II opposite Michael B Jordan in the title role. The Black Panther star plays Donnie, the son of Rocky’s old nemesis Apollo Creed. Now he returns for Creed III with Jordan also in the director’s chair, but this time without Stallone. Following on from the events of 2018’s Creed II, the synopsis reads: “Adonis ‘Donnie’ Creed is thriving in both his boxing career and family life. When a childhood friend and former boxing prodigy, Damian ‘Dame’ Anderson, resurfaces after serving a long sentence in prison, he is eager to prove that he deserves his shot in the ring. The face-off between former friends is more than just a fight. To settle the score, Donnie must put his future on the line to battle Dame – a fighter who has nothing to lose.” Michael B Jordan stars once again as Adonis “Donnie” Creed, the illegitimate son of the late and former world champion Apollo Creed. He spent the first few years of his life in foster care and juvenile hall before being adopted by Mary Anne Creed, Apollo’s widow. Despite having a comfortable life of luxury, he gave up his job to become a professional boxer; convincing his father’s old nemesis Rocky Balboa to be his trainer. Following the events of Creed II, Donnie is WBC World Heavyweight Champion, having retained his title in defeating Ivan Drago’s son Viktor. Tessa Thompson also reprises his girlfriend Bianca Taylor, an aspiring musician who uses hearing aids. In Creed II her career takes off with a recording contract when she discovers she’s pregnant soon after Donnie proposes to her. Bianca gives birth to a baby girl called Amara, who is born deaf due to her mother's hearing disorder being hereditary. Jonathan Majors, who has been propelled to stardom as Marvel’s new big villain Kang the Conqueror, is the antagonist in Creed III too. In the new movie, he shows up at Donnie’s gym, bringing up something uncomfortable from his past after spending 18 years in prison. The pair will clash in the ring, but this time Creed’s on his own without Rocky, who may still be alive in the film’s shared universe. In the returning supporting cast is Phylicia Rashad as Mary Anne Creed, Florian Munteanu as Viktor Drago, Wood Harris as Tony “Little Duke” Evers and Tony Bellew as “Pretty” Ricky Conlan. READ MORE: Sylvester Stallone confesses real reason he turned down Rocky 7 Yes, it was released back in October and no doubt there will be another before Creed III arrives. Creed III hits cinemas on March 3, 2023.