The number of 'silver sellers', people aged over 65 who are now direct selling, has almost doubled in the last year with many of the UK’s half a million or so over 65 direct selling side hustlers, doing so to top up their state pension. One 62-year-old woman has spoken to Express.co.uk about how she loves being able to afford "life's little luxuries" now that she is earning an extra income. Liz Cooke told Express.co.uk how she is making an extra income to supplement her state pension and loves being able to treat herself and her family with the extra money she makes. She used to run her own interior design business but is now enjoying a more relaxed pace, working when she wants and spending her time with her grown-up children and her dogs. She added: "Having my own income is really important to me; I can be financially independent and choose to spend it on lovely things which I otherwise wouldn’t have for example regular massage and facial treatments, surprises for my husband and my family." Liz, who represents Clean Living International, said she also loves the flexibility that direct selling offers - something which could be appealing to others. READ MORE: 'Beautiful place to live' The best town to retire to in the UK  She added: "Direct selling offers the opportunity to earn around other commitments and priorities in life - for me that is flexibility to spend time with my husband who is about to retire and our grown-up family - not to mention keeping our two gorgeous Labradors walked and happy. "For someone else it might be spending time with their young children, being able to attend sports matches and school plays or perhaps looking after elderly relatives or enjoying a hobby. But you do have to put the time in. "It supplements my pension and I run my Clean Living Int business part-time, which means I still have the flexibility and free time available to spend with my two daughters, 30 and 32, and their husbands, which is incredibly important to me and is something that a full-time job would not allow. "My daughters live in London and Bristol so we can spend regular amounts of precious time together, whether that be shopping days, meals out, spa days together or simply walking the dogs in a local park. None of which would be possible if I worked in a regular 9-5 kind of job." DON'T MISS:Mortgage payments could drop by 25% a month [ALERT]Millions could get £180 off broadband bills via social tariff [UPDATE]Premium Bonds saver wins four times in last six months [INSIGHT]  Running her own business before she retired meant Liz was able to enjoy life’s little luxuries - something she says might not be possible if reliant on her pension alone. She added: "The money I earn now allows me to continue enjoying those things and live the same lifestyle that I otherwise might not have been able to if I was completely reliant on my pension income. "I love the fact that I have ‘my own’ money and am not reliant on my husband for an allowance. "I can treat myself to things like regular massages and facials, or a relaxing spa break every now and again, which is lovely to do."  It's not unusual for people to work part-time after retiring, rather than put their feet up completely. Going part-time before retiring completely may be the best of all possible part-time retirement jobs, claims New Retirement. Consulting and coaching — which are flexible, interesting, and often high-prestige — are ideal second careers for retired professionals, according to Harvard Business Review. It has come up with what it thinks are the 20 best part-time jobs for retirees.  New Retirement claims the 20 best part-time jobs for retirees are: 1. Doing what you’ve always done, just less of it 2. Turning a hobby into a teaching opportunity 3. Becoming a tutor 4. Hitting the golf range and speak to contacts 5. Focusing on passive income 6. Offer consulting or freelance work 7. Gardening 8. Bartending 9. Pet sitting or walk 10. Working in a shop 11. Substitute teaching 12. Book-keeping 13. Becoming a driver 14. Caring for the elderly 15. Trying seasonal work 16. Coaching a team 17. Becoming event staff 18. Getting a job on a cruise ship 19. Working on a campsite or holiday camp 20. Starting your own business.  18. Getting a job on a cruise ship 