After a year away from viewer's screens, The Masked Singer series four returned to ITV with 12 new celebrities hidden behind extravagant costumes. The four judges are set to unmask them each week with one being crowned the 2023 champion. However, fans seemed to think they have rumbled Otter's identity already.  Taking to their Twitter accounts on Sunday evening, @imshanereaction theorised: "Can't believe we live in a world where it's entirely possible Kate Bush is on The Masked Singer UK. "I felt a fool suggesting it earlier but now I'm convinced that's her voice and diction. Plus the last clue about liking to be heard and not seen... Catherine. Bush." The user continued: "The other clues: A shamrock... Kate Bush is half-Irish. A vicar... A deal with God. She's known for her resilience... Like someone who keeps running up a hill? "I can totally see her doing it after seeing how excited and grateful she was to be #1 last year." READ MORE: Yellowstone plot hole: Fans expose questionable Jamie and Beth scene Martha-May Luvier added: "Have you considered Kate Bush for Otter? I was like, hmmmmm. It COULD be her." (sic) @littleblondepea stated: "I swear Otter is Kate Bush #TheMaskedSinger #TheMaskedSingerUK." Amy said: "Ok Otter sounding like Kate Bush! I'm calling it now. #MaskedSingerUK #TheMaskedSinger." @RobertHaden4 claimed: "#TheMaskedSinger Otter sounds like Kate Bush." However, some fans felt that a guess of Kate Bush was a little far-fetched, with @HRFMichael tweeting: "Absolutely cannot believe that people think Kate Bush. Famously private, didn’t even release her last live shows on DVD because she couldn’t properly control how it would look and sound. "Kate Bush would not dress up as an Otter and do the Baywatch theme tune on TV." (sic) The first six contestants to perform last night included Knitting, Ghost, Otter, Jellyfish, Phoenix and duo Cat and Mouse. Next week's show, which will air Saturday, January 7, will be Fawn, Jacket Potato, Piece of Cake, Pigeon, Rhino and Rubbish's turn to perform. DON'T MISS...King Charles is waiting for Meghan and Harry to 'destroy themselves'  [INSIGHT]1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton unrecognisable after transformation [LATEST]Escape to the Chateau's Dick Strawbridge tells wife 'to go' [WATCH] Unfortunately for Ghost, their time on the show was cut short after they were unmasked during last night's show. Football pundit and broadcaster Chris Kamara was the first celebrity to be booted from the singing competition. Taking to the stage, Chis performed Save the Last Dance for Me by The Drifters and managed to throw judges Rita Ora, Davina McCall, Mo Gilligan, and Jonathan Ross off scent over his identity by putting on a Scottish accent. The clever tactic from Chris meant they were guessing people such as Love Islands Iain Sterling and Dr Alex George. Following his appearance, Chris took to his Twitter account and ripped into his own fake Scottish accent. He joked: "They have just asked me for the MBE back after that singing in a Scottish accent," alongside laughing in emojis. After being booted out of The Masked Singer on Sunday, Chris said he kept his role in the show a secret to surprise his family, adding: "I can’t wait to see their reactions. "My grandkids, we’ll sit around together and they’ll have no idea. They love this show. They just sing ‘take it off’ and grandad’s going to turn around." The Masked Singer airs Saturday from 7pm on ITVX.