The last couple of months have been intense for Noah (played by Jack Downham) after serving a short stint in prison for stalking Chloe Harris (Jessie Elland). He has also taken on board the responsibility of helping Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell) raise her daughter Esther despite not being the dad. Official Emmerdale spoilers reveal Noah is set for a big shock next week as his aunt Zoe Tate (Leah Bracknell) makes contact, giving him some surprising news. Noah's father, Christopher Tate (Peter Amory) was a hit villain on the soap for many years and was on screen between 1989 to 2003. After a whirlwind romance with Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) and finding out that she had had multiple affairs, Chris also discovered he had a brain tumour which was impossible to remove. Knowing this, he took his own life before framing Charity for his "murder", which she was sent to prison for. She gave birth to Noah prematurely, therefore he was taken in by his aunt Zoe until Charity was released. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes brands Andrew’s silence over Eugenie baby news 'cruel' Zoe left the village in 2005 but has been mentioned numerous times over the years by other family members. In upcoming scenes, official spoilers reveal Zoe is mentioned and could possibly make contact with her nephew. Zoe has been away from the soap for a number of years and details on why she reaches out are unknown. However, Noah makes a shocking discovery next week that could change everything, even linking him once again to his father.  Noah is told his aunt Zoe has set up a trust fund for him in his dad Chris’ name, but it is not known how much money there is or the reason for the fund. He isn't expecting the money as he is handed it, feeling lost on what to do or who to tell. Viewers will have to watch the scenes unfold next week to find out the true extent of the suspicious circumstances surrounding the money. Elsewhere, Charity is also set for a shock of her own, suggesting the two stories could be linked. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' heartbreaking Paddy storyline [WATCH]Tony Blackburn hits back at BBC complaints 'Switch it off' [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise promotion ‘sealed’ for Marlon after Tahj Miles hint [LATEST] She receives a devastating yet mysterious phone call which leaves her wanting to hit the bottle to cope. Charity struggles to cope with whatever the news is, and doesn't initially confide in anyone about what she has found out. The heavy drinking means she acts out against her loved ones, leaving partner Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb) and the rest of the family fearing the worst. Selfishly, he worries Charity has found out he slept with Chloe, resulting in her falling pregnant with his baby. Wanting to clear her head, she spots Caleb Milligan's (William Ash) car keys and drives off, before being spotted by Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) who is eager to find out the truth. Confiding in Cain, she reveals the nature of the phone call, but what is it she had learned and how will Cain react? Chris Tate still has a lasting and terrifying effect on Charity, which could mean she and Noah are in serious danger. Will Noah tell Charity about the phone call from Zoe and the money he has been handed? Emmerdale airs weeknights from 7:30pm on ITV1.