In a series of articles, colleagues from the British Dental Association warned that publicly funded dental care would become “a thing of the past” unless the Government acts, and fast. To be fair, the Government gets the problem and is trying to respond. Earlier in 2022 it allocated an extra £50 million to pay for catch-up appointments and made changes to the notorious NHS contract, which in its current form disincentives dentists from doing NHS work.These measures are well-intentioned but will be insufficient without extra investment. In a recent debate in Parliament, one MP compared them to 'a polish and a clean' when what's needed is ‘root canal treatment'.BDA Chairman Eddie Crouch estimates that NHS dental services can survive for two years only on current levels of investment. From a patient’s perspective, this is less of a problem if you can afford to pay for dental care. But it would be disastrous for millions of individuals and families who rely on the NHS. I have written before about the unfair distribution of NHS dental services across the UK. Huge swathes of the country have become “dental deserts” where accessing NHS dental care is no longer possible.Not a single NHS dental practice in Suffolk is taking on new patients. It is the same picture in Liverpool. And in the whole of the south-west, north-west and Yorkshire and Humber regions, just two percent of dental practices are taking on NHS patients.Tragically, many of these areas are also some of the poorest in the country. Tooth decay is not an equal opportunity affliction. Poorer households are affected much more than richer ones. If NHS dental services were to disappear altogether, it is the poorest who would pay the heaviest price in health terms. The Government has come under increasing pressure from MPs to do something about it. Their inboxes are deluged with complaints from constituents with nowhere else to turn. In response, the House of Commons Health and Social Care Committee has announced an urgent inquiry into NHS dental services. We at the BDA believe it is the last best chance to save the service. Clinicians are unanimous about the root causes of the problem – the dental contract, low numbers entering the profession and, at the other end, dentists, nurses and hygienists leaving the profession in droves. To fix these problems, ministers need to do more than they are currently doing. As one MP put it, “they need to challenge officials to find a deeper and more enduring set of changes to address challenges that have existed for a very long time”.Predictably, money is the critical factor. Funding for NHS dentistry has fallen by a third in real terms over the last decade. According to MPs, only £14 million of the £50 million catch-up funding was actually spent, delivering only 18 percent of 350,000 target appointments.The Health Committee inquiry is an opportunity to consider a more ambitious set of solutions, and to think again about the investment required. If the Government is going to act, it has to do it now. The number of dentists delivering NHS care in England has fallen to 2017/18 levels. This exodus will have a major and lasting impact on access. If the Government is genuinely committed to publicly funded, freely available dental services, they need to prove it.If investment and policy change are one part of the answer, prevention is the other.Any clinician worth her salt will tell you that simple habits like brushing, flossing, even chewing sugar-free gum, are effective and proven ways of preventing tooth decay.This message should be shouted from the rooftops by both Government and dental professionals. In recent debates, MPs have recounted distressing stories of children not even owning a toothbrush, let alone toothpaste. Dentists see the grim consequences of this every day.For the best results, preventative measures need to work in tandem with regular check-ups by accessible NHS dentists. Oral health and pain relief cannot be left to the mercy of the market alone.