She said: "It's not just all verbal, it's physical abuse that young girls even going to school are subject to, so that alone should be a moment for people in government no longer to close their eyes and ears for this issue. "I was very vocal about public sexual harassment (PSH) and violence against women and girls as Home Secretary for very good reasons.” More than 180,000 people responded to a call for evidence for the Government’s tackling violence against women and girls Strategy. The Daily Express is backing calls to make PSH a criminal offence through the Keep Women Safe On Our Streets campaign. A Bill outlawing it will continue through Parliament this year. The proposed law, backed by the Government, will cover unwelcome and unwanted attention, sexual advances and intimidating behaviour that happens in public spaces. Sexually harassing women will be punished by up to two years in prison, under the reforms. Talking about the public consultation, Ms Patel said: "We have a moral duty and responsibility to ensure that we hear women’s concerns and that their voices are heard in those departments in government to affect change. "This Bill going forward is absolutely vital. And quite frankly, it's definitely in the interest of the government to get it done as soon as possible. "But it will be absolutely crucial in terms of giving women and girls a degree of confidence about their own personal safety and security on our streets. "I think off the back of numerous tragic cases, there are too many cases even to recite, including more recently the appalling murder of Zara Aleena, she was walking home like Sarah was walking home. “And that's simply wrong. Our society and our streets should become much safer." Three in five young women feel comments about their body or uniform have made them feel uncomfortable, a focus group by the End Violence Against Women coalition (EVAW) found. Almost a third of girls (32 percent) think schools would not take reports of sexual harassment seriously. Andrea Simon, the director of EVAW, said: “With four in five girls saying that schools need to do more to tackle sexual harassment in school and support young people’s sex and relationships education, it’s about time that school leaders take this seriously, and the government makes sure that teachers are equipped with the training and resources they need to support a more equal school environment – and society – for the next generation.”