An elderly driver showing early signs of dementia was unaware she had ran over a man and dragged him 50 metres. Ross Beardsley, 32, died of significant chest and abdominal injuries following the horror collision. The  76-year-old woman didn’t realise she had hit anything and proceeded to carry on driving her Ford Focus - leaving police at the time to label the incident an "alleged hit-and-run". The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) eventually decided the pensioner was unfit to stand trial. Despite having sufficient evidence to prosecute the woman, it was determined that it would not be in the public interest to do so, Mr Beardsley's inquest heard yesterday. Mr Beardsley, described as "a well-known around town", was walking along a residential street in Chesterfield, Derbyshire, when he fell to the ground in the middle of the road - a toxicology report later showed that he had traces of synthetic cannabinoids in his system. He was struck by the oncoming car and dragged along the road on April 6, 2021, the inquest was told. Witnesses at the scene had described seeing an elderly woman, who had been very close to the wheel, driving the car, Derbyshire Live reports.  The findings of a report by the forensic investigations unit found that given the driver’s height and seat position she would have only had "a fraction of a second" where she would have seen Mr Beardsley in the road. The inquest heard how the driver’s seat was lower than it should have been, and slightly increasing the height of the seat would have improved visibility significantly. Five months before the incident the woman’s daughter had raised concerns with her mother’s GP about her memory and concern over her mum driving. Doctor James Spooner, a then partner-GP at Wheatfield General Practice in Chesterfield told how in his last face-to-face consultation with the driver they had agreed she would get taxis instead of driving while awaiting the results from a memory clinic. But three months later in a phone consultation, the driver told Dr Spooner she felt safe driving. Area Coroner Peter Nieto said that this phone consultation was a missed opportunity and that the GP could have checked this with the driver's daughter. Following the incident, a police investigation was launched and the driver was initially taken to the police station. The mum was not interviewed by police as she was thought to be unfit to be interviewed. A psychiatrist also concluded that she would be unfit to enter a plea to trial. Mr Nieto concluded that Mr Beardsley's death was an accident. He also amended the medical cause of death so it states that Mr Beardsley died as a result of chest and abdominal injuries as well as the use of synthetic cannabinoids. Speaking after the hearing, Mr Beardsley's mother Lynne Richardson spoke fondly about how her son had been in a good place in the months leading up to his death. "He got on well with all his social workers and he had a great sense of humour." Mr Beardsley's sister Cara added: "He was into music, loved playing his guitar. He wanted to get better, his social workers said he was wanting to get back in touch with his family. "He wasn't much trouble and would have a good chat with people. He was quite well-known around town."  Mr Beardsley's inquest was held at Chesterfield Coroner's Court on Monday January 16, 2023. 