LeBron James has offered some words of advice to Tom Brady after the quarterback saw his season end prematurely on Monday night. Brady's 23rd season came to an end, and James has told him to "follow his heart" as the NFL star may decide to retire from the game. Fans are speculating whether Brady has played his last NFL game, but James thinks the legendary quarterback will know when his career is over. The Tampa Bay Buccaneers lost 31-14 to the Dallas Cowboys on Monday night to wrap up Wild Card Weekend, but the scoreline doesn't tell the whole story. Two late touchdowns for the Buccaneers made the scores more respectable, but Dak Prescott and the Cowboys outclassed their opposition. Brady's future has been a major talking point for some time, with some speculating what franchise he could move to next, while others think his career could finally be over. But James has told Brady to "follow his heart", and called his good friend an "inspiration". James had just come off the back of a season-high 48-point game when he was asked about Brady's future on Monday. The Buccaneers lost while Los Angeles Lakers beat Houston Rockets 140-132, and James had some advice for his friend. "Listen man, follow your heart," said the Lakers front man when speaking on NBA TV. "Follow your heart and your gut is going to tell you what to do. "That man's been doing it for 20-plus years at such a high level. As always, my best wishes. He's not only my favourite quarterback but also a really good, dear friend to me. "So whatever he decides to do [I support him]. I love seeing him on the field, it gives me inspiration to keep going at my age, so we'll see what happens." Brady addressed his future after the defeat to the Cowboys, and said: "One day at a time, truly." However, he then began to thank everyone despite not being prompted, which has only led to more speculation that he could be saying goodbye for the final time. "I love this organisation. It's a great place to be," Brady said as he addressed a crowded media room. "Thank you, everybody, for welcoming me. I'm very thankful for the respect and I hope I gave the same back."