Prince Harry and Meghan Markle should give back the award for their "heroic" stance against racism in the Royal Family, a commentator has said. During a weekend interview blitz, the Prince said he and his wife never branded the Royal Family "racist" nearly two years after the couple sparked controversy when they outlined upsetting remarks about their son's possible skin colour. Robert Jobson said the couple should hand back a prestigious human rights award they received in late 2022 congratulating them for their work standing against "structural racism". Taking to Twitter, Mr Jobson said: "Robert F Kennedy’s daughter said Prince Harry and Meghan were handed an award for their ‘heroic’ stance against the ‘structural racism’ of the Royal Family. "Harry says neither he nor Meg said the RF was racist. Perhaps they should give the award back then?" The Robert F Kennedy Human Rights organisation awarded the Duke and Duchess of Sussex a 'Ripple of Hope' award in November 2022. Organisation chief Kerry Kennedy, Robert F Kennedy's daughter, commended the couple for challenging the Royal Family's "power structure" in her reasoning, specifically with regard to alleged racism. READ MORE: William's 'stock has risen' for 'smacking' Harry fumes Eamonn Holmes Expanding on the decision, human rights leader Ms Kennedy said the couple had exhibited "moral courage" when they questioned their "colleagues, family and their community about the power structure they maintained". She added: "They went to the oldest institution in UK history and told them what they were doing wrong, that they couldn't have structural racism within the institution; that they could not maintain a misunderstanding about mental health. "They knew that if they did this there would be consequences, that they would be ostracised, they would lose their family, their position within this structure, and that people would blame them for it." But speaking over the weekend, Prince Harry rejected the conclusion he and his wife had branded the royals racist. In an interview with ITV on the weekend, the Prince rejected a claim by Tom Brady that he had accused "members of your family of racism". He replied "no", adding: "The British press said that, right? Did Meghan ever mention 'they're racists'?" Mr Bradby specifically focused on an allegation made by Ms Markle in which she said royals had discussed their son's possible skin colour. He asked the Prince whether he believed the "troubling comments" were "essentially racist". But, again, the royal rejected that the incident was racist, saying he had not "lived within that family".