Queen Letizia of Spain, 50, walked to the Teatre des Born for the official opening ceremony of the Llabrés Pharmacy as the headquarters of the Hesperia Foundation on Thursday. The Spanish royal's outfit strongly resembled Queen Camilla's outfit on New Year's Day.    The description for this coat says: "Oversized wool coat featuring a tonal self-tie belt and banana sleeves." Similarly, Queen Camilla stepped out on New Year's Day to attend church at St Mary Magdalene on the Sandringham estate in a designer belted coat. For the occasion, the Queen Consort wore a Max Mara "Manuela Belted Coat" which retails for a whopping £1,860. READ MORE: Prince William and Kate allow Prince George to adopt 'protector role'  The Spanish Queen, on the other hand, paired her coat with a Mango "Blondie" dress, which currently only costs £29.99 in the January sales. Originally, the dress had a price tag of £69.99, so this would be a bargain purchase for royal fans. The midi day dress has a paisley pattern and features a standing collar and long sleeves. Queen Letizia accessorised with her Adolfo Dominguez "Vachetta" shoulder bag in black for £220. The description for this item says: "Smooth Vachetta shoulder bag. Buckle adjustable handle. Split suede interior. Responsible leather."   In addition, the Spanish Queen wore her Gold and Roses Joyas "Shewel" 18-karat "Rose Gold Triple Hoops with Diamonds". These cost a whopping €2,785, or roughly £2,471 in British Sterling. Letizia's earrings are described as: "Femininity and sensuality. A connection between pieces and feelings that gives birth to this collection, Shewel, that represents the bond that women and jewellery have always had over time. 18-karat rose gold triple hoops with diamonds (0,65 carats)." Finally, the Queen of Spain wore some black boots and opted for her Coreterno "Amor Che Tutto Move" ring in 18-karat yellow gold, which Letizia first debuted this year. This ring costs a sensational €975, or roughly £865 in British Sterling. The description reads: "The first and iconic Coreterno jewellery collection is inspired by the enormous power that words have to create and build our reality.   READ MORE: Body language expert compares royal Christmas card photographs “'AMOR CHE TUTTO MOVE' (Love Moves Everything) is a quote inspired by the last line of Dante Alighieri’s greatest work 'La Divina Commedia' (A.D 1320). "The inside message 'AS LONG AS I’M EXISTING YOU WILL BE LOVED' is inspired by an ancient English ballad from the Middle Ages. "Manual skills above technology, this is what Coreterno jewellery is all about, through the recovery of ancient traditions that have their roots in ancient Rome, hand-beaten metal, engraving, live fire forging. "Jewels which make the hand of the artist who created them perceivable, imperfect and unique as the essence of man himself.  "Engraved and bas-relief words that express the intellect, the poetry of the human being and his ability to create his own destiny. "Solid 18k yellow gold ring. All our unique pieces are hand-crafted in Rome by the hands of the finest Italian goldsmith masters, using the antique technique of the lost wax." Royal fan @luxmeagainpreloved wrote on Instagram: "Love this budget-friendly look. The coat looks so cosy and I love the boots too." Similarly, @birdnerd327 added: "Love the colour of the coat! I love how affordable yet nice Mango outfits are!"