And 32 percent consider not having to worry about anything when they reach their destination a positive. Similarly, three in ten (29 percent) like having one point of contact should any problems arise. Other factors driving demand for package trips include having ATOL protection if something goes wrong (31 percent), and getting great value for money (28 percent). A spokesman for Jet2holidays, which commissioned the research, said: “Brits are looking for the best value getaways, and knowing everything is taken care of for them is the icing on the cake. “Package holidays offer more peace-of-mind for holidaymakers who might still be feeling uncertain after the pandemic, and they provide value and assurance to those feeling the pinch in today’s economy. “We are right in the middle of the peak booking season for holidays, and that desire for trust rings very true.” The study also found the current economic climate plays a part in the surge in popularity – with 82 percent revealing this has directly led to them considering a package break. Similarly, a further 28 percent appreciate the transparency of package holidays, and are glad they don’t have to worry about surprise hidden fees. And 27 percent said getaways of this kind also allow them to be completely flexible. A wanderlusting 57 percent are adamant they will holiday abroad in summer 2023. The study, carried out through OnePoll, found 36 percent are craving the change of scenery a getaway provides. And 28 percent are keen to switch off from the daily grind, and forget about everyday life. When it comes to holiday destinations, package holidaymakers have their eye on the Greek islands as their top choice, followed by Italy, the Canary Islands, and Portugal. The spokesman for Jet2holidays added: “People very much have an appetite for their well-deserved holidays, particularly after events of the last few years, and despite the fact the purse strings may have tightened in recent months. “Understandably, Brits are after a trip away that doesn’t break the bank – and a package holiday puts them in control of so many elements, including the budget.”