Blocking the toilet is at best annoying and at worst hugely embarrassing, especially if you are in someone else's house. Before you panic, there is a trick one TikToker claims to unblock a toilet in 30 seconds using a household staple. The British content creator explained: "My brother taught me this & it works every time." The TikTok account @capricesmum invites followers to "potter around my house with me." The digital creator has 157.3 followers on the account where she posts videos such as cleaning routines and Christmas hacks. The content creator said: "Every house needs to know this hack for when you get blocked toilets. "You get some washing-up liquid and squirt it at the back of the pan like this." The mum squeezed the liquid across the back of the toilet bowl. RAD MORE: How to clean with shaving cream: 3 uses for product including the toilet Then she said: "Leave it for 30 seconds to a minute. Then simply flush and the blockage is gone." The hack has had a huge 335K likes since it was posted, and a number of comments. One wrote: "Am I the only one who puts the lid down and leaves it for the next person to sort?" Others shared their tips for unblocking a toilet. One wrote: "Pour a bucket or bowlful of water down at the same time as you flush. Woosh." Another said: "When our toilet was blocked we were told to put a plastic bag and tie it on the end of the mop and use it as a big plunger. It worked both times we tried it." DON'T MISS'Clean the toilet without using bleach!' Natural cleaning method [EXPERT] 'How I remove hard limescale from the bottom of my toilet' [CLEANER] Viral TikTok cleaning hack could destroy your toilet [WARNING]  "Fill a bucket with water and tip it down fast," one suggested. Another said: "Baking soda, vinegar, dish soap, boiling water, you're welcome." One wrote: "I just used an empty 2L bottle and placed it in the bowl, hit the bottle sides to send a jet of air through. Helps if you can't see the blockage." Another said: "My loo gets blocked often, so those little pieces of soap bars that become inoperable at a certain point; down the bowl. Works a treat." Uses a drain auger Also known as a plumber's snake, this is a long cable with a handle and a screw-shaped tip. This is pushed into the toilet and then rotated, to help pull the blockage out, or break it into smaller pieces that can be flushed. Use a coat hanger A plastic coat hanger can be used in a pinch to reach into the toilet and dislodge the blockage, especially if it is a fairly shallow blockage.