If you are wondering how to stop condensation in your home, then this is a solution well worth looking into. Bathrooms can be steamy and full of moisture that can, in some circumstances, cause all kinds of unwelcome issues. Chris Bonnett, the founder of Gardening Express, explained that mould is especially “quick to appear in bathrooms” because the combination of moisture and heat creates a “humid environment where mould spores can thrive”. He noted that mould is one of the most common indoor pollutants and can have a serious impact on health if it’s not kept in check. It can grow all year round and thrives in parts of the home where there’s moisture or humidity like the bathroom, kitchen and chilly corners of rooms. The good news for anyone concerned about mould and other common bathroom problems is that there may just be an alternative to buying costly equipment, harsh chemical solutions or calling in the professionals — the answer could lie in your choice of houseplants. Chris said: “There’s no need to buy specialist mould killing products or a dehumidifier to get rid of the problem. “The best and most natural method is to simply add some greenery to your bathroom. By opting for this natural solution, you can avoid using harsh chemicals and wasting electricity to run an air conditioning device”. So how can houseplants help to prevent condensation and mould? Chris explained: “Humidity-loving houseplants absorb excess moisture, so they are excellent at purifying air from toxins and keeping mould at bay.” READ MORE: ‘Very effective' 70p kitchen item to ‘kill’ houseplant white mould However, it is worth noting that not all houseplants will have the same ability at controlling humidity so some will be better than others. Chris said: “Not many plants can handle the intense bathroom environment, so it’s important to choose houseplants that don’t mind extreme temperature fluctuations and do well without lots of sunlight. “How good a plant is at reducing humidity is all to do with its ability to absorb dew, fog and other moisture through its leaves. This moisture then moves down to its roots.” 1. English ivy One of the most low-maintenance houseplants and a lover of humidity, English ivy looks stunning in bathrooms can even absorb excess moisture too. DON'T MISS3p ‘miracle’ item to ‘dissolve’ tea cup stains without using bleach [TIPS]Five paint colours to ‘avoid’ that make a house ‘look cheap’ [EXPERT]Temperature to ‘always’ heat your home to ‘keep mould at bay’ [INSIGHT] Chris said: “English ivy removes airborne mould and other nasties too. It grows best in bright, indirect light.” A word of caution though, it can be toxic to pets so hang it up high, where it will be happiest anyway. 2. Spider plants Often referred to as ribbon plants, spider plants have a great capacity to absorb environmental humidity, much like English ivy. If it is located in a humid area it doesn’t need much watering. Likewise, it doesn't require a lot of light, nor does it have demanding care. You should know that it is also capable of purifying formaldehyde in the environment. 3. Peace lily The peace lily is a tropical plant most often found indoors due to its inability to withstand frost. Chris noted: “The peace lily is the perfect choice for areas prone to mould. It absorbs moisture in the air through its leaves and doesn’t need direct sunlight to thrive.” Again, like English ivy, take care if you have pets as they can be toxic to them. READ MORE: ‘Worst place’ to keep your peace lily or risk negative effects 4. Orchids Orchids are one of the most popular houseplants in UK households, and for good reason. They are relatively easy to care for and love humidity levels of between 60 and 80 percent. 5. Palms With their tropical good looks, palms really add to the decor of most bathrooms. They are also well-placed to reduce excess moisture. The expert said: “Palms are a great choice to help control humidity and keep mould at bay by absorbing moisture through their leaves. Varieties to look out for include areca palms, bamboo palms, the lady palm, dwarf date palm and reed palm." 6. Tillandsias Tillandsias are easy-to-grow plants which only need small amounts of fertiliser at certain times, and a little spray of water in extremely dry environments. This type of plant loves humid, steamy conditions, plenty of light and warmth so are ideal for bathrooms. 7. Ferns Expressing a peaceful, woodland feel, ferns have a lot to offer those with humidity issues in their bathrooms too. In particular, the Boston Fern can help. Chris said: “The Boston Fern thrives in moist climates and will naturally absorb the air moisture and balance out humidity levels in your home. All it needs to survive is indirect sunlight and regular watering.” 8. Snake plant Also known as Mother-in-Law's Tongue, the snake plant is a brilliant dehumidifying plant that also filters and purifies the air. They prefer bright light, but they’ll live happily in low light too, and they require little more than an occasional watering to survive in a nice humid bathroom setting.