The islanders were left stunned when bombshells Jessie Wynter and Aaron Waters were chosen to pick one boy and one girl to be dumped from the island. Haris' exit comes after a video of him punching a man surfaced online, with the star now speaking out on the incident. Explaining what happened in the video, he said: "I’m devastated that this video has been seen, it’s not a reflection of my character. "I’m not someone that goes looking for fights and I didn’t want to be in that situation. This was a heat-of-the-moment thing. "The video doesn’t show everything that happened. Afterwards, we met up and we cleared the air; we’ve shaken hands and we get along now. "It’s not something that would happen again." READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes brands Andrew’s silence over Eugenie baby news 'cruel' Haris also addressed an argument with Shaq, explained: “Yeah [we’re friends]. “I knew 100 percent nothing would have come from that disagreement and we would hug it out. “I said sorry for my part and he said the same and that’s it. “We were the first two in and we got along after that as normal.”  He added they will “definitely” meet up when they are all back in the UK. Haris went on to explain he thinks Ron and Lana will make it to the end of the competition. “They were always together, they always clarified that they were into each other,” he shared. “I feel like it is a true connection between the two of them. I think they are going to go all the way and do well." DON'T MISS...Love Island’s most controversial exits as Haris 'dumped' from villa [INSIGHT]Love Island's Olivia defended by I'm A Celeb star amid Haris exit [EXCLUSIVE]Love Island's Haris 'dumped' from the villa after street fight video [LATEST] There were mixed views surrounding Haris' exit from viewers, with many claiming that Jessie and Aaron had made the right decision. Taking to Twitter, @Deanceejay13 expressed: "So a video come up of Haris fighting, then he gets “ VOTED” out? I feel cheated #loveisland." @ShortyWhitz29_ commented: "I did say Haris and Anna-May was gonna go home #loveisland." @anisha_xox teased: "The whole UK pretending to be shocked that Haris and Anna May have been dumped #loveisland." @goss_ie claimed: "Our heart hurts for Olivia after Haris left #LoveIsland." @TrevMan: "I actually feel a bit sorry for Haris... even though he wasn't in a couple I feel like he would have gone far." @lrosedee asked: "So was Haris actually forced to leave or did he just get dumped and he didn’t like that narrative #loveisland." @keke2089421015 said: "So Haris was already leaving why did they make out he was removed then ? #loveisland." (sic) Love Island airs every night from 9pm on ITV.