The two sides have reportedly not spoken since before the release of the Duke of Sussex's bombshell memoir, Spare, in which he did not hold back when discussing his relationship with Prince William and his father, King Charles. Its release comes just weeks after Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's Netflix docuseries aired in December sparking global headlines. Prince Harry has repeatedly asserted in the book and in television appearances promoting the 400-word publication that he seeks reconciliation with his family. Former Apprentice star, Ryan-Mark Parsons, has shared his thoughts about the royals urging them to put the drama behind them. Although the GB News commentator admitted he would like to see the Duke and Duchess of Sussex at the King's coronation he does not believe it will be a good idea to attend. Addressing if Harry and Meghan should attend the event, set to be held in May, Ryan-Mark explained: "No, mainly because on a practicality side I think the scrutiny would be so intense for Harry and Meghan it would draw away the focus being on Charles and the Coronation. READ MORE: Piers Morgan blasts 'fork-tongued' Harry and Meghan amid ratings drop "I think it would also ruin the magic of the coronation in the sense that it is bringing the country together again and I even felt for the Queen's Jubilee. "Everyone was brought together, I was at a street party in Notting Hill, it was so happy. Music was playing and everyone was laughing. It was so great to see. I think that it would be a similar experience for the coronation." He continued: "I think Harry and Meghan - their presence in the UK - at that time would just politicise everything. It's not like I don't want to see them there. I think they should be there. "If they are making up and there is an apology on both sides, some sort of reciprocated understanding of what's happened, if they're working towards solving these issues then maybe it's a good idea.  "As it stands, based on everything that's come out, it's probably not wise." He added: "It would just make everything political, all the media attention will be on Harry and Meghan, observing their reactions to the family when meeting, body language... all of that stuff. I think that could all be avoided." Ryan-Mark also addressed the saga surrounding the docuseries which is yet to be addressed by the Royal Family. The 22-year-old explained he could empathise with Meghan's plight but it could potentially cause further harm to the royals, adding some viewers have failed to acknowledge the good work members of the royal family do for the public. DON'T MISS... Madonna accused of 'mocking Jesus' with photoshoot[LATEST]Lisa Marie Presley's cause of death 'deferred' amid investigation[UPDATES]Richard Madeley's daughter Chloe rushes 'poorly' baby to hospital[INSTAGRAM]  "I can definitely empathise with what [Meghan] was going through in terms of what she believed to be press intrusion. And I could see that she was struggling when crying," Ryan-Mark commented. "She sounded exasperated when she was talking about certain things. You could hear in her voice that she was upset and even watching her mum talk about what they have all been through. "I think that was good in terms of giving viewers a glimpse into exactly what they had to deal with." However, the Apprentice star claimed the series could be viewed as one-sided as the royals were unable to give their side of the story. "[The public] have watched a one-sided, very biased documentary with all of Meghan's fans, friends and workers advocating for what happened and her experiences so it's going to paint a picture," he claimed, adding, "I think that is the most watched documentary in Netflix history." Ryan-Mark continued: "People around the world have tuned in to watch it. So many people have this one-sided perception of what the Royal Family is like and I definitely think it's harmful. "Especially because there is so much good work that they do but that is not going to be seen by the viewers, unfortunately. I doubt the Palace is going to make a statement." During the first three episodes of the documentary, the couple addressed several controversial incidents related to racism and the monarchy. Prince Harry has since rejected the notion the couple claimed racism within the royal family telling ITV's Tom Bradby there is "unconscious bias".