The Princess of Wales's brother James Middleton has taken to social media to announce the heartbreaking death of his therapy dog Ella who helped him during a battle with clinical depression. Mr Middleton said Ella supported him "from my darkest days to my happiest". He had previously opened up about his battle with mental health as he praised Ella for introducing him to his now wife Alizée Thevenet. He wrote on Instagram: "It is with great sadness that I announce my dear Ella has passed away. "For 15 years Ella has been at my side, from my darkest days to my happiest. I’m going to miss her terribly. "Ella had a very short illness, she slipped away in my arms at home and is now buried in the garden alongside Tilly. I took this picture just a few hours before she died.  "I'm just about holding it together to write this, and despite the fact I knew this day was coming, it doesn’t make it any easier. "Goodnight my darling Ella, Alizee and the dogs will take good care of me." He accompanied the message with two photographs of Ella, including one he took just hours before she passed away in his arms.  READ MORE: Charles to 'modernise' Coronation by snubbing costume, claims insider  Mr Middleton had told his followers how Ella helped him battle clinical depression and "saved his life", leading him to sign up with Pets As Therapy - a charity which visits care settings with dogs in order to help people recover. He and Ella had been volunteers with the charity for more than four years before her death on Friday. Mr Middleton has previously described his "really difficult battle" with the condition, writing: "A few years ago I was in a very dark and lonely place, I was existing without purpose or direction, the constant heart thudding anxiety stripped away any joy, excitement or anticipation. "It was during this time that I realised how much my dogs, in particularly [sic] Ella, helped me during a really difficult battle with clinical depression. She saved my life." DON'T MISS:Royal Family have 'pulled a blinder' as Harry and Meghan 'plan' fails [COMMENT]Friend of King Charles, William and Harry dies 'suddenly [INSIGHT]Harry hits out over 'utter nonsense' claim made about Meghan [PICTURES]  Prior to Ella's death, Mr Middleton and his wife shared seven dogs. He has previously described how Ella ran over to Alizée at a club in London when they met for the first time in 2014. Mr Middleton headed over to "apologise and bring Ella back", and his wife mistook him for a waiter. They married in 2021. As well as his own love for spaniels, Prince William and Kate Middleton's daughter Charlotte has also been treated to a loving companion after her uncle gifted her a young dog in 2020. She posed with her dog Orla for her seventh birthday as fans got a glimpse of the adorable pooch. 