A “blood-stained” mattress appeared to be removed from the home where four University of Idaho students were murdered. The furniture was removed from the home on Friday afternoon by four investigators who then drove off. The University of Idaho students — Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Madison Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and Kernodle’s boyfriend Ethan Chapin, 20 — were fatally stabbed during the early morning hours of November 13. In a video, a number of 4x4 vehicles driven by Idaho State Police are seen outside the property at King Road, Moscow. Investigators are filmed removing two mattresses covered in white plastic at around 1pm, which were then loaded onto trucks. Dark stains which appear to look like blood can be seen through the cover at the top of one of the mattresses. Five cardboard boxes, which are believed to contain the victims possessions, and two white trash bags were also loaded onto the trucks. On December 30, police arrested Bryan Kohberger, a 28-year-old Washington State University teaching assistant and Ph.D. student in the Department of Criminal Justice, in connection to the crime. The footage comes a week after a planned house clearance was halted after Kohberger's defence team were granted an order preserving the scene. Court documents show Kohberger and his attorney, Anne Taylor, asked for the 1122 King Road property to remain sealed until February 1. An Idaho judge ordered the home to remain locked and surrounded by crime scene tape, but officers do not have to monitor it on site. Documents show Taylor asked for the scene to be preserved on December 30, hours after a SWAT team swooped on the suspect’s family home in Pennsylvania. READ MORE: Idaho murders suspect DNA found at crime scene Kohberger is being held in an Idaho jail without bond after making an appearance before a judge Wednesday morning. He is facing four counts of first-degree murder and burglary with intent to commit murder, and, if convicted on the murder charge, faces life in prison or the death penalty. Kohberger had been living in student housing in Pullman, Washington, about a 10-minute drive from the crime scene. Kohberger is alleged to have stabbed the four victims when they were sleeping between 3.30 and 4.30am on November 13, police say. Court documents say the suspect left behind a knife sheath in the apartment. The affidavit also says Kohberger's white Hyundai Elantra was captured on camera repeatedly near the scene before being seen driving rapidly away from the home towards Pullman at approximately 4.20am. It also holds that surviving roommate Dylan Mortensen thought she heard crying coming from Kernodle’s room and looked outside again. That’s when she said she heard a male voice say something to the effect of, "it’s OK, I’m going to help you", according to the affidavit.