Prince Harry has been warned he "cannot treat the public like fools" as he seeks peace while making allegations against his family. The Duke of Sussex, 38, earlier this week insisted he wanted the King and Prince William "back" but has levelled a new series of accusations against the family, as revealed by extracts from his upcoming book. Marketing expert Edward Coram James told Express.co.uk Harry's demands are "bizarre" and he only risks "alienating" himself and wife Meghan Markle from the public. Asked what impact Harry's public calls for peace could have on his image, Mr Coram James said: "From a PR angle, it was bizarre. And it hasn't worked. "In any world, it seems like an odd statement to make. Focusing on the PR: you cannot treat the public like fools. "If you on the one hand throw a thousand punches, none of which have been reciprocated by the other side, but then, on the other hand, say that you only want good relations with the other side, it naturally looks inauthentic. "If anything, I think that the claims risk alienating Harry and Meghan even further from the British public." JUST IN: Harry accuses William of violent physical attack after calling Meghan rude and difficult The Go Up founder added: "I cannot comment too much on the non-PR point of view, but if my brother spent months attacking me very publicly, then told me he wanted to reconcile, only to continue attacking me thereafter... I may be forgiven for reserving an outpouring of affection." Prince Harry levelled a series of accusations against the Royal Family about their treatment of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex in the run-up to their departure in 2020. And The Guardian on Thursday suggested the Duke's upcoming memoir Spare could contain even more damaging claims about the Prince of Wales. The relationship between the two brothers has been frosty since before the Sussexes stepped down from their working royal roles nearly three years ago. READ MORE: King Charles ‘laughed off’ accident after worker bumped into him on a Christmas outing While Kensington Palace and the Prince of Wales have remained silent about the ongoing feud, the Duke of Sussex has repeatedly discussed his grievances with both his brother and the Royal Family in a series of interviews over the past two years. Speaking to Oprah in 2021, Harry claimed the now-King had stopped taking his calls after he confirmed he and Meghan would step down from their roles, and that he had been cut off. He also suggested both his father and brother were "trapped" within the institution and would not get to leave. And speaking to Netflix for their docuseries Harry & Meghan, the Duke suggested Prince William's royal aides regularly "traded" stories about him and Meghan to keep negative coverage of the prince out of the press. The Royal Family has so far refused to make any comment about Prince Harry or Meghan Markle's claims.