Sky Sports pundit Graeme Souness has leapt to the defence of Liverpool's Darwin Nunez and thinks the summer signing from Benfica will come good at Anfield. And he also believes the Reds still have a stronger forward line than bitter rivals Manchester United, despite the fine recent form of Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial. Nunez has split opinion since arriving on Merseyside. The Uruguayan international has scored five goals in 12 matches so far in the Premier League, but has failed to hit the back of the net in his last three appearances after missing a whole host of clear-cut chances. Rashford, on the other hand, has been in scintillating form for the Red Devils. He has bagged in each of his three matches since returning from the World Cup, and grabbed the winner in the 1-0 victory over Wolves on Saturday despite being dropped to the bench after oversleeping and missing a team meeting. And Martial is also showing big signs of improvement, with hopes that he will finally live up to his potential at Old Trafford. Despite this, Souness is far from convinced by the duo, and worries whether the goals will continue to flow following the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo. "I still think the Cristiano Ronaldo situation could have been handled better, benefiting the player and manager," Souness told the Daily Mail. "He scored 18 league goals last season and, when I look at their squad now, I don't see goals. "Marcus Rashford is their top scorer and is playing well. But he had a sabbatical for two years. Only he could tell you why. The worry for United is that it could happen again. If he's the one you're relying on to get you goals, that feels like a wing and a prayer to me. "And if Ten Hag is also still relying on Anthony Martial to stand up and be counted, then good luck with that. Three years ago, I said he was in a last-chance saloon to prove he is a United player. He is talented, but an enormous question mark remains." Souness went on to praise the recent signing of Cody Gakpo for Liverpool and insisted Nunez will prove his worth sooner rather than later. "It is staggering that Liverpool were 15 points off top going into this round of fixtures," he continued. "The title is gone, but they will still make the top four if Cody Gakpo hits the ground running and gets goals, along with Darwin Nunez. "I retain faith in Nunez. He has not got the goals his work-rate deserves and he has been nowhere near clinical enough. But I like a striker who comes back for more and puts themselves in positions to miss."