The Duke of York's accuser Virginia Giuffre is expected to publish her own memoir after signing a book deal believed to be worth millions, according to multiple sources. If correct, this could be the "reason" King Charles' made the decision to kick his younger brother out of his posh suite at Buckingham Palace, a psychiatrist who specialises in sexual abuse cases told Express.co.uk. Mrs Giuffre, who has claimed she was sexually assaulted by Andrew on three occasions when she was 17, agreed to a multi-million-pound settlement with the Duke signing a one-year agreement that neither of them would publicly discuss the case. The Duke of York has repeatedly and vehemently rejected her allegations against him and the settlement was not an admission of guilt. Now, one year later, sources tell the New York Post that she has signed a book deal worth "millions". It comes after Andrew was reportedly told to pack up his belongings and move out of his swanky Buckingham Palace apartment this week. A source told The Sun: “The King has made it clear that Buckingham Palace is no place for Prince Andrew." Carole Lieberman, a psychiatrist who specialises in sexual abuse cases, told Express.co.uk she thinks the two recent revelations could be related. READ MORE: Prince Andrew's comeback requires a 'miracle'READ MORE: Harry's reconciliation is 'wishful thinking’ as ‘dust hasn’t settled' She said: "First of all, as a forensic psychiatrist, I'm shocked that the settlement agreement between Giuffre and Prince Andrew didn’t include a clause that would prevent her from making money by writing a book. Giuffre’s upcoming book is probably the reason King Charles just kicked Prince Andrew out of Buckingham Palace." The Sun claimed on Christmas Eve that Andrew was forced to close his Palace office and told not to use it as an address. The news report further claimed that discussions are underway to find him accommodation in London, possibly St James’s Palace. DON'T MISS: Princess Margaret would be ‘horrified’ by Harry claims Lady GlenconnerDON'T MISS: Prince Harry could return to UK for wedding of 'unofficial best man'DON'T MISS: POLL – Should non-working royals join Coronation balcony appearance? However, he will get to keep his 31-room Royal Lodge in Windsor, where he lives with his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson. The reported decision for him to be ousted from the Palace comes just days after sources say Mrs Giuffre has signed a lucrative book deal. It is believed that the memoir will be a vessel for her to convey the allegations against Epstein. It remains unclear if Mrs Giuffre’s memoir will include details surrounding the settlement she reached with Andrew. "With regards to Prince Andrew, his reputation is already in tatters and cannot get any worse than it already is (barring some extraordinarily egregious behaviour or comments on his part). "The public already feels he is getting punished enough by being kept in the background of most royal events. Virginia Giuffre, therefore, can’t do any more damage to his reputation than she already has". Mrs Giuffre had been suing the Duke, claiming he sexually assaulted her on three occasions when she was 17. Andrew has repeatedly denied the allegations and the undisclosed sum was not an admission of liability. 