Arsenal are reportedly prepared to launch a transfer bid for Barcelona star Raphinha as they draw up a plan B after missing out on Mykhaylo Mudryk. Mudryk looked set to move to the Emirates Stadium after the Gunners submitted three bids for him. But the winger ended up putting pen-to-paper on a seven-year deal at Chelsea instead. Arsenal have stormed to the top of the Premier League table following an outstanding first half of the season. But manager Mikel Arteta is desperate to bolster his squad during the January transfer window as the Gunners go in search of silverware. According to Sky Sports, Mudryk is not the only forward player Arsenal have been watching during the current transfer window and are prepared for an opportunity if it arises. And the north London giants are keeping an eye on Raphinha’s situation at Barcelona. Raphinha was a target for Arsenal last summer when he was still plying his trade for Premier League team Leeds. But the 26-year-old winger ultimately opted to leave England and head to the Nou Camp in a £55million move. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Raphinha has underwhelmed in Spain, however, and had started just seven of Barcelona’s 16 La Liga matches ahead of this weekend’s round of games. And he has only been able to contribute two goals and two assists in the Spanish top-flight. Raphinha was handed four starts in the Champions League group stages ahead of the break for the World Cup but was unable to find his top form as Barcelona were dumped out of the competition after winning just two games and finishing behind Bayern Munich and Inter Milan in Group C. Despite his struggles with Barcelona, the player did earn a place in Brazil’s World Cup squad and started four of his country’s five matches in Qatar as they were eliminated by Croatia at the quarter-final stage. And the star has already illustrated that he has the ability to succeed in the Premier League after bagging 17 goals and 12 assists in 65 top-flight matches for Leeds. DON'T MISSManchester United boss Ten Hag may have pulled off transfer masterstrokeWeghorst had ulterior motive to join Man Utd as revelation comes to lightMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in private   Arsenal are currently without Raphinha’s Brazil team-mate Gabriel Jesus after the ace injured himself at the World Cup. But the Gunners haven’t struggled in front of goal, with the likes of Eddie Nketiah, Gabriel Martinelli, Martin Odegaard and Bukayo Saka all producing the goods in recent weeks. Arteta will still be desperately disappointed to miss out on the signature of Mudryk, however, after the Ukraine international looked certain to move to the Emirates Stadium. Chelsea’s huge contract offer, which came with wages of £100,000 per week according to reports, was ultimately enough to turn the player’s head and persuade him to move to Stamford Bridge instead. 