 Hilaria Baldwin, 39, broke her silence on her husband Alec Baldwin’s charges over the weekend as she spoke on her podcast about “parenting through difficult times”. It was announced earlier this month that Alec Baldwin, 64, will be charged in connection with the death of Rust’s cinematographer, Halyna Hutchins.   The actor, as well as Rust’s armorer, will be charged with involuntary manslaughter in connection with Halyna’s death which took place in late 2021. While countless celebrities have voiced their opinion on the matter, Hilaria and Alec have remained silent for the most part, mostly posting photos of their family. Now, the yoga instructor opened up on how the charges have affected her family on her podcast, Witches Anonymous, which she co-hosts with Michelle Campbell Mason. Starting out the episode, Hilaria noted: “It’s been an emotional time for my family and I do so want to express to you how grateful I am for your support and your kindness and your reason. READ MORE: Piers Morgan finally uncovers reason for health woes after three years of symptoms  “Quite honestly, without it, we would crumble. “So thank you so much for being our rock right now because I don’t feel so strong.” She continued, talking about her children in light of the dramatic situation the Baldwin family finds themselves in. Hilaria noted “certain conversations are not always age-appropriate” but admitted that children can “pick up on things in the family”.     Hilaria and Michelle welcomed Dr Hillary Goldsher to share some insight on “parenting through challenging times”. Later in the episode, the mother-of-six asked that her listeners strive to find “humanity in other people” and understand “that they may be going through something as well”. Hilaria married Alec in 2012 and the couple now share two daughters together, Carmen, nine and Lucia, 22 months. They also share four sons, Rafael, seven, Leonardo, six, Romeo, four, and Eduardo, two.  Alec also shares his eldest child, Ireland Baldwin, 27, with his ex-wife Kim Basinger. Shortly before the New Year dawned, Ireland revealed she is carrying Alec’s first grandchild. On Instagram she shared a snap of a sonogram, tagging her boyfriend Andre Anjos, simply captioned: “Happy New Year.” The news was soon overshadowed by her father’s legal troubles as the case of Halyna Hutchins began to gain momentum in the court system. In October 2021, a gun was discharged on the set of Rust, killing the film’s cinematographer, Halyna, who was just 42 at the time. The film’s director, Joel Souza, was also injured but no charges have reportedly been filed in connection to his injuries and the filmmaker is set to return to work on the film.  Alec and the film’s armorer Hannah Gutierrez-Reed, who was in charge of weapon props for the film, face two counts of involuntary manslaughter while Rust’s assistant director, David Halls, has agreed to plead guilty to negligent use of a deadly weapon. The actor addressed the tragic incident just one day after Halyna’s death over social media. He tweeted at the time: “There are no words to convey my shock and sadness regarding the tragic accident that took the life of Halyna Hutchins, a wife, mother and deeply admired colleague of ours. “I’m fully cooperating with the police investigation to address how this tragedy occurred and I am in touch with her husband, offering my support to him and his family. “My heart is broken for her husband, their son, and all who knew and loved Halyna.”