Boris Becker has questioned whether Rafael Nadal will ever return to play at the Australian Open, after his second-round exit to Mackenzie McDonald on Wednesday. The Spaniard is set to miss six to eight weeks with a hip injury that hampered him during the 6-4, 6-4, 7-5 defeat to the American. Top seed Nadal admitted that he was “mentally destroyed” as the 36-year-old attempted to defend his title, though his injury may have healed in time to compete in the first Masters tournament of the 2023 season at Indian Wells. Becker, who was recently deported from the UK after serving eight months of his two-and-a-half-year prison sentence, has questioned whether Nadal will return next season. "We've been talking about the change of generation for a long time, and then Nadal comes along last year and wins not only in Melbourne but also Paris," Becker said on Eurosport Germany's Matchball Becker show. "The question was: Will he play until he's 40? I don't think so. Yesterday was already the first step towards his retirement. "An injury like that is hard, and at this age, it takes even longer to get back into shape. I hope and pray that he will get well soon and that we will see him looking fresh again in Paris at the latest, but I think his days are numbered. "He is not only a tennis legend, he is a sports legend. He is one of the most important sportsmen of the last 25 years. He has changed tennis and made it even more popular in his home country of Spain.” When Nadal does hang up his racket, Becker has tipped him for a presidency role in the future and conceded that even if the Spaniard was considering retirement, it won’t happen before he attempts to win a record-extending 15th French Open. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic has Aus Open crowd in stitches after fan told 'shut up'Novak Djokovic forced to take medical time out as injury fears growNovak Djokovic opponent left in tears before calling medical timeout "He can become the president if he wants to,” Becker added. “I think there would be a big gap if Rafa doesn't play anymore, but I think he will pick up a racket again. The clay court season will be his priority. If he is fit, he is still my favourite for the French Open, but even Rafael Nadal gets older eventually. “We talked for a long time about the change of generations - we're watching it live right now. Roger Federer is no longer playing and there are a lot of question marks behind Nadal now. "I think he will want to play Paris again. But I don't know if he will take on Australia again. That's why we should celebrate him as long as we have him."