Mould and mildew can feel like unbeatable enemies when it comes to maintaining a clean bathroom, but more often than not, they can be kept under control by changing the lining around your shower. While both curtains and screens are made specifically to shelter your floor from excess water, neither is particularly easy to keep free from bacteria-infested stains. However, according to one Reddit user, there is a clear winner if you struggle to control dampness in your washroom.  Whether you're renovating your bathroom or simply fed up with spotting clusters of black mould spores around your shower, changing the lining is a worthwhile investment for both practicality and appearance. However, not all bathroom fittings are designed for screens or curtains, as one Reddit user discovered. In a recent post on the forum, a person who goes by the name Plastic-Cow-1551 wrote: "I'm renovating my bathroom and want to keep the shower bathtub, but can't decide between a shower curtain or folding glass screen. "The problem with screens is that they're generally only one metre long (longer than this isn't an option for me as the sink is in the way) so when showering, water would splash out of the tub beyond the screen, onto the floor." They added that while a curtain would cover the length of the tub, they feel "cheaper and get mouldy" without frequent cleaning. In response to the plea for help, another forum poster shared that a screen was a clear winner to combat mould. READ MORE: 45p kitchen staple ‘works every time’ for removing blood stains The Reddit user who goes by the name joesus-christ shared the significant improvement in their showering experience since swapping their material curtain for a screen. They said: "If you can make a screen work, it's worth it! No flailing cold damp curtain touching me whilst I'm naked getting clean... no damp smell... no continuous dripping... no light-blocking, room-halving sheet... no trying to scrub away the mould... no days where the curtain is in the wash so I have to shower in a weirdly-open space." According to experts at Bathroom City, a screen is in fact a more durable option for your bathroom. They noted that while it is slightly more expensive, it "will last much longer than shower curtains" and look "infinitely classier". Not only are they much more effective at containing water within the shower, but they also avoid creating the frustrating puddle on the floor that can leave your bath mat soaking wet. DON'T MISS:3 interior design trends to ‘avoid in 2023’ to 'elevate' your home [REVEAL]Four tricks to ‘get the most’ of of natural light from your windows [INSIGHT]‘Biggest’ bathroom trend to follow going into 2023 - what to avoid [LATEST] While other Reddit users agreed that "shower curtains are horrific", and "cause them a lot of stress", others noted that screens are much harder to keep clean. In regions where the water is hard, limescale and chalky stains can become more of a problem than mould and mildew. However, some savvy homeowners noted that daily use of a squeegee to wipe away excess water, and a spritz of limescale remover is all you need to combat unsightly mineral deposits. They explained that with a tight seal on the bottom of the screen, mould, mildew and limescale should be no bother. READ MORE: ‘Game-changing’ five minute method to clean dirty toilet brush In addition to keeping any seals and grout around the edge of your bath airtight, experts at Mira Showers noted the importance of drying the area after use. They said: "Clean and dry your bathroom regularly, including grout and hard-to-reach corners that are prone to mould. "Wash your towels and bathmats frequently, and hang wet towels and bathmats in dry, well-ventilated areas " While it may seem odd to try and keep your wetroom dry, it is the only way to avoid damp, musty odours caused by moisture and mould.  Other ways to control black mould and white mildew in your bathroom include using vinegar spray or specialist treatments to target moisture-prone surfaces. Pour undiluted white vinegar directly onto the affected area or use a spray bottle to apply as soon as you notice black mould forming. Though vinegar isn’t as strong as bleach or specialist mould remover products, its affordability makes it a great option for larger clusters of fungus spores. Once your chosen treatment has been applied, wipe with a damp cloth or sponge and leave the area to dry. Opening windows or keeping an extractor fan on will help to remove moisture more quickly, though you can also pat surfaces down with a towel to speed up the process. The experts at Mira Showers explained that prevention is always better than a cure for mould, and is best achieved through a regular cleaning routine.  