It was a tough afternoon for the San Francisco 49ers, who slumped to a brutal 31-7 defeat in the NFC Championship game against the Philadelphia Eagles. Rookie quarterback Brock Purdy suffered an injury early on before being thrown back in, but team-mate Fred Warner has thanked the youngster for being the 'reason' they made it that far. The 49ers never really had a chance to beat the Eagles on Sunday, but Purdy has been hailed for his efforts this season regardless. It was always going to be a tough match for the 49ers as they travelled to the no.1 seed in the NFL, but to make matters worse they were handed severe injury blows early on. Purdy was caught and suffered an elbow injury, and only came back in because fourth-string quarterback Josh Johnson then was ruled out with a concussion. Purdy could barely throw, and the Eagles were aware that the 49ers would have to move all-in on their running game. An exciting season came to a disappointing end, but Warner hailed Purdy, and it may put some pressure on the 49ers front office. Setbacks have been the tale of the 49ers' season, although they managed to combat all of the tough situations and make it to the NFC Championship game. Their luck ran out on Sunday, but Purdy has been hailed for leading them there after stepping in. Trey Lance picked up a season-ending injury at the start of the campaign, and after Jimmy Garoppolo also saw himself ruled out, Purdy was given an unlikely chance. He took his opportunity with both hands, and the 49ers are now in a tough spot, with three very capable quarterbacks. But it seems like Purdy has become a popular figure in the locker room, and Warner managed to put his emotions to one side and shine the spotlight on the rookie after the defeat. "He ain't got nothing to be sad about," Warner told reporters postgame. "He's the reason we even got to this game. He's the reason we're here right now and like I said, unfortunate what happened, him getting hurt and [backup quarterback] Josh [Johnson] getting hurt, we just couldn't do enough to find a way to win." Head coach Kyle Shanahan confirmed that Purdy couldn't even throw properly, and he wouldn't have been put back in unless he had to. "He couldn’t throw, he would not have gone back in unless he had to," Shanahan said. And Purdy described his injury after the game, as he said: "My arm, felt like it stretched out, just felt like a really a lot of shocks all over from my elbow down to my wrist, front and back. Just pain really all over."