Elvis' daughter, Lisa Marie Presley, died aged 54, following a cardiac arrest, just days after she walked the red carpet at the Golden Globes. Michael Jackson's sister La Toya Jackson, 66, has taken to Twitter to pay tribute to his brother's ex-wife, crediting the "love" they both shared for the Thriller singer. La Toya left a short statement on Twitter alongside a touching video tribute including pictures of Lisa and her brother from their marriage. She wrote: "We miss you Lisa! You will forever be in our hearts, I will never forget how much you shared the love you had for my brother with me. "I thank you for being so honest #RIP." She left the hashtags: "#RIPLisaMariePresley #LMP #GoneTooSoon #MichaelJackson #MJ #Love #TogetherAgain #Graceland #Neverland #Life." READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss Many social media users rushed to the comments to share in the world's mourning at the devastating news. LaLachanNetwork said: "I'm still shocked when the news broke. Thoughts and prayers go out to Lisa's Family." FunkyQammar added: "Lisa Marie Presley: Gone but never forgotten...always in our hearts." Lisa and Michael were married between 1994, before divorcing in 1996, with Lisa citing irreconcilable differences. Michael went on to marry nurse Debbie Rowe on November 14, 1996, and they had three children together: Prince, Paris and Blanket. Lisa Marie later wed Nicolas Cage on August 10, 2002, with the actor infamously filing for divorce 107 days later, but they did not finalise the case until May 24, 2004. After Michael's death in 2009, Lisa opened up about their relationship in a blog post and how she felt she had "failed to help" him through his substance abuse struggles. She wrote: "I wanted to save him from the inevitable which is what has just happened. DON'T MISS... Dancing On Ice star Christopher Dean rushed to hospital after accident [NEWS] Jack Nicholson's pals fear Hollywood star, 85, has become a recluse [INSIGHT] Jennifer Lopez wows in pink dress after Ben Affleck ditches day job [PICS] "His family and his loved ones also wanted to save him from this as well but didn’t know how and this was 14 years ago. We all worried that this would be the outcome then." Lisa suffered from a cardiac arrest at her home in Calabasas, California on Thursday morning and was taken to the hospital by paramedics. Craig Little, a spokesperson for the county’s fire department, confirmed LA County paramedics were sent to the Calabasas home at 10.37am (6.37pm GMT) following a report of a woman in full cardiac arrest. The spokesperson added that paramedics arrived about six minutes later. According to the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department, paramedics performed CPR and determined the patient had "signs of life". Her mother, Priscilla Presley, then issued a statement confirming her death and has asked people to “keep her and our family in your prayers”. In her statement, Priscilla, 77, said: "It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us. "She was the most passionate, strong and loving woman I have ever known." The announcement came just hours after Priscilla took to Instagram to confirm her daughter had been rushed to the hospital.