Everton are reportedly in the 'early stages' of a move for Anthony Elanga this month with talks already taking place. The Toffees ended their run of three straight defeats with an impressive display against Manchester City on New Year's Eve to pick up a point. But Frank Lampard has admitted that he still wants reinforcements this month to help stave off another relegation battle. Dominic Calvert-Lewin was back in the starting line-up to face City at the weekend while Demarai Gray continued to be a threat in front of goal for Lampard's side. However, Everton are lacking options in attacking areas and Lampard has made it clear that he expects new recruits this month. Elanga has emerged as a top target with Manchester United seemingly open to the idea of loaning him out on a short-term deal. The Sweden star has struggled for regular minutes under Erik ten Hag and he's had to make do with late cameos in United's last two league matches. With United expected to sign another attacker this month, Elanga's minutes could decrease even more.  Now with the January transfer window open, Everton are beginning to make their move in enticing Elanga to Goodison Park. According to GiveMeSport, Everton are already in talks with the winger's agent to discuss a loan move. Talks are said to be 'in the early stages' with Everton scouring the market to satisfy Lampard's transfer wish. Ismaila Sarr, Ben Brereton Diaz and Mohammed Kudus have all been touted as possible targets for the January transfer window as well.  Speaking last month, Lampard made a public plea for the Everton board to back him in the market and bolster their forward line. “I think with this as I have come to the club we were relatively busy in the summer window in terms of trying to change the shape of the team and move forward,” he said a few weeks ago. “It was also going to be a job that would take windows. It would take time and you can’t fix what you may want to in one window. "I think we brought some really good players into the club, but we do feel we need help in the January window in terms of right now. We have lost Dominic, obviously. Hopefully that changes but we can see there that maybe can we get some more options for us at the top end of the pitch. We are certainly looking at that.”