Leeds have already addressed most of their key issues so far this month, though they are not finished in the January transfer window. Jesse Marsch is hoping to be backed further in his bid to steer the club away from the relegation zone. The Whites’ priority heading into January was to acquire the services of a striker and a left-sided defender, and both of those matters have now been addressed. Striker Georginio Rutter was signed from Hoffenheim in a deal worth £35.5million following his impressive start to the season in the Bundesliga. Marsch then leaned on his links with RB Salzburg once again by bringing in Maximilian Wober, who can play in central defence and as a left-back. The 24-year-old is expected to bring quality and leadership to the Leeds backline, which can’t be sniffed at for a fixed fee of £10m plus add-ons. The double arrival is unlikely to conclude Leeds’ business though. Express Sport takes a look at how Marsch’s squad could change before the transfer window closes next week. Weston McKennie Following the departure of Mateusz Klich, Leeds are in the market for a midfielder. USA international Weston McKennie has been identified as the ideal candidate to slot into the heart of the Whites’ team and improve them. Juventus are facing financial problems are it is reported that they need to offload at least one player before the transfer window closes. Thus, a deal for McKennie is entirely plausible and could be reached by the time February comes around. The Serie A side are hoping to receive £26m for the services of the 24-year-old, and Leeds could be tempted to meet that asking price in order to round off what has been a very successful window for the club. They are also exploring how successful a loan-to-buy offer would be. Jack Harrison Winger Jack Harrison has been heavily linked with a move away from Leeds this month, following Newcastle registering their interest in the forward over the summer. Leicester City are also cited as interested in the 26-year-old, though the Whites could fend off any future interest in him by tying the ex-Macnehster City stay down to a new deal. According to Sky Sports, Harrison is ‘keen’ to pen a new contract at Elland Road despite the club facing a relegation battle this season. To many supporters, this piece of business would be as good as a new signing. Charlie Cresswell The third and final business from Leeds this month could be offloading Charlie Cresswell, who has failed to impress at Millwall on loan this season. The centre-back has scored four and assisted one in 16 league appearances, though it is his work in his own half that has left some scratching their heads at interest – especially from table-toppers Middlesbrough, who are reportedly willing to pay £4m for his services.