While the look of these houseplants certainly adds a touch of nature to the home, there are plenty of benefits of having greenery indoors, too. In fact, NASA research shows that indoor plants can remove 87 percent of the toxins in a room within just 24 hours of placement. While they are great for freshening up homes, two plant experts spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to share that some houseplants can suffer and are not safe to keep in kitchens. According to Tom Knight, houseplant expert at Ourhouseplants.com, he recommended that these orchids will not thrive if they are subjected to kitchens that have fruit out in the open. He explained: “Fruit is usually stored in the kitchen, and very ripe fruit like apples and bananas will give off ethylene gas. This gas can cause the beautiful flowers on a moth orchid to die prematurely and fall from the plant. “Unopened buds are also affected and can fall off before they even open in what's known as ‘Bud Blast’.” As orchids adore humidity, it would be best to keep them in the bathroom. They also provide a soothing environment and therefore are ideal for keeping in bedrooms too. People often think of these plants as helping out by capturing and getting rid of flies in our homes. Although this is true, they might not be a good choice for the kitchen for hygiene reasons, according to Tom. READ MORE: Five ‘common mistakes’ that quickly ‘kill’ orchids - how to avoid He added: “These plants are often adapted to finding ways to attract insects into their traps with pheromones or a scent. “This means their presence can actually entice more flies into our homes and concentrate them in the room in which these plants are growing. If there is one place you really don't want flies landing and spreading germs on surfaces or items, it's in the kitchen.” Ferns are beautiful plants that provide a nice vibe to any home. But they require a relatively large amount of light and regular watering to thrive, according to Vladan Nikolic, founder at Mr. Houseplant. He noted: “Lack of light is a common problem in kitchens. Even with the most optimal conditions, which are difficult for most plant parents to provide, ferns can still shed a lot of leaves and make a mess in the kitchen, which is why I would avoid them for that environment.” DON'T MISS‘Tacky’ interior trends to avoid that make your home appear ‘cheap’ [EXPERT]Plumber’s £1 method to remove toilet limescale - will look ‘like new’ [TIPS]‘Far quicker’ method to dry your clothes indoors without causing mould [COMMENT] Instead households should look to keep these plants in bedrooms or their living room. Due to its large size and need for a lot of space, Vladan said that he “would not recommend it” for keeping in a kitchen. He explained: “The leaves, which can reach up to 2.5 feet wide, will become more deeply cut as the plant matures, provided it’s getting sufficient light. “If the kitchen is bright, monstera will quickly outgrow its available space, but if it’s not, the plant just won’t look as beautiful, as it won’t be able to grow those big beautiful fenestrated leaves that we all love. READ MORE: ‘Natural home remedies’ that ‘effectively’ get rid of houseplant pests “This is why it's best to keep your monstera deliciosa in a larger room, such as a living room or bedroom, where it can have plenty of space to thrive.” These houseplants are beautiful succulents with unique pearl-like leaves, however, they “should not be kept in kitchens” due to their need for a lot of bright, indirect light, noted Vladan. He added: “As kitchens are typically darker and more enclosed spaces and have limited access to sunlight, a better spot for a string of pearls would be a living room or a sunroom.” Fiddle leaf figs are known for their beautiful fan-shaped leaves. However, the plant expert shared that they require a lot of light to thrive, and kitchens are “not the best place for them” because they generally don't get a lot of natural light. Vladan added: “Without the right amount of light, they will not be able to photosynthesise properly, which can lead to stunted growth, yellowing leaves, brown patches, dropping leaves, and even death. “Also, ficus lyrata are generally large plants and require a lot of vertical space, so are not the best choice for kitchen counters. Fiddle leaf figs should instead be placed in bright spaces such as living rooms or sunrooms, where they can get the light they need.” Another type of houseplant to “avoid” in the kitchen are flowering plants which produce lots of pollen according to Tom. He said: “I’m thinking of Indoor gerberas, chrysanthemums and even peace lilies. “Pollen is very light and easily moved around where the plants are growing. Small amounts of this pollen can find its way onto cups, plates or even cutlery which can then be consumed. For many people, it's not going to be a problem, but if anyone in the household or visiting guests suffers from hayfever or allergies, these plants can worsen their symptoms.”