Newcastle United are reportedly hoping to replicate their Bruno Guimaraes coup by dipping into the Ligue 1 market again in the near future. Eddie Howe has turned his attention back to France as he bids to bolster his midfield options this month. Newcastle completed the £40million signing of Bruno Guimaraes last January, making a significant statement in the club's first transfer window under Saudi Arabia-backed ownership. And the Brazilian has gone a long way in transforming Howe's side, recognised as one of the Premier League's best midfielders since his arrival from Lyon. The Magpies have taken inspiration from his impact and could soon move for another midfield maestro making waves across the English Channel. According to Media Foot, Newcastle are interested in signing Rennes star Lovro Majer amid his eye-catching performances in Ligue 1. Howe is ready to 'try his luck', believing Guimaraes could become even better alongside the attack-minded 24-year-old in midfield. The report claims the fee that Newcastle are willing to splash remains to be seen as the club look to stay within FFP rules after a high-spending summer. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE However, the Magpies have the financial power to lure Majer away from Rennes this month if they accelerate their interest in his services. Newcastle aren't the 18-cap Croatia international's only suitors, joined by Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid in monitoring his situation. He is worth £19.4m (€22m) on Transfermarkt, but Rennes could feel obliged to demand an inflated fee midway through the season. And the Tyneside giants may face more of a challenge, given they won't be pressured to sell after recently extending Majer's contract until 2027. DON'T MISS: Chelsea and Liverpool sent tell-tale Moises Caicedo transfer hint  Newcastle have been quiet in January after splashing £120m to strengthen Howe's squad ahead of the season, including a club-record £63m deal for Swedish striker Alexander Isak. But the Magpies boss could be keen for activity this month as he looks to secure Champions League football and the club's first major trophy since 1969. Last night, a 2-0 win against Leicester City secured passage into the EFL Cup semi-finals, where Manchester United or Manchester City could await to battle for a Wembley Stadium trip. But eyes are predominantly on the Premier League, in which Newcastle have lost just one of their opening 18 games this term, sitting two points inside the top four. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here