While mystery shopping won’t earn you a fortune, some people love it because it helps them put a little bit of money aside and enjoy free luxuries. Blogger and Consumer expert Jane Hawkes shares her secrets for securing the best mystery shopping gigs. Mystery shopping has been around for years but with the current cost of living crisis forcing many to rethink their finances, it could be an option for some in 2023. Jane Hawkes runs money-saving blog ladyjaney.co.uk and says while mystery shopping is unlikely to make someone a fortune, it's a fun side hustle that anyone can do. She said: “I’ve completed assignments in supermarkets, restaurants, cafes and also health clubs. “I tend to opt for ones where I can get some ‘free' experiences, meals out and groceries alongside a fee but not have to spend hours completing surveys and reports.” READ MORE: Savings account where you can get 'top' interest rate of 4.5% To find opportunities in your area, she recommends first doing an online search for mystery shopping. Jane said: “This can be quite confusing so it’s a good idea to get recommendations from others to ascertain which companies would suit you best. “It’s worth taking a look at Customerwise, Retail Maxim, Mystery Dining by HGEM and ProInsight. Some companies have simpler reporting formats and pay more than others. “As a side hustle, it can be a way to get free nice meals out, spa experiences and a little bit of pin money - although please be aware that you should declare any extra income to the HMRC no matter how small.” DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis fan saves £2,400 a year on energy bills - check now [ALERT]Turned £1,000 into £9’ - Savers lose billions as top Isa funds crash [WARNING]Mental health issues lose Britons £8,400 in earning [INSIGHT] It’s possible to make bigger bucks from mystery shopping but better paid tasks are in high demand. Jane added: “You could earn £10 to 20 per report, some companies pay more depending on assignment type, some less. One assignment a week for a year at £10 a pop- over £500 in the bank!” Mystery shopping could be the perfect paid ‘hobby’ for retirees as it’s not full-time and people can choose their own hours. It also doesn’t require any formal qualifications although people will need to be reliable, organised and professional.   Pensioner Keith Grinstead previously told Express.co.uk how he thinks mystery shopping could be “the perfect side hustle for retirees.” The 70-year-old from Sudbury in Suffolk has had a long and varied career but loved his time as a mystery shopper because he said he felt like an undercover spy! Keith earned £50 to £100 per day with Insight6 but says people could get a higher salary in parts of the UK where there is more of a demand. He said it's the perfect side hustle for pensioners and parents because they can pick and choose which projects they take on.   It’s also a great deal of fun, as Keith said: “It's the buzz of following a scenario, making notes in your head as you progress, and reporting back without anyone knowing who you are.” To be a mystery shopper, Keith recommends people are: 