Kate, Princess of Wales, celebrated turning 41 on Monday in the face of numerous allegations against the Royal Family from Prince Harry. Despite claims made against her husband Prince William, Kate was blessed with many birthday greetings from well-wishers across the world. The Royal Family shared a photo of a beaming Kate meeting a young girl on an official trip to Wales on their Twitter account to commemorate the occasion. They captioned the post with a birthday cake emoji and the following message: "Wishing The Princess of Wales a very Happy Birthday today!" Royal fans on social media shared in her joy, with user @colleen0629 writing: "Such grace and beauty. Happy birthday Princess from across the pond." Another user, @MeghansMole, shared two pictures of the Duchess of Conrwall, one of her as a young girl and another of her at an official event dressed in a white gown.  They wrote: "Happy Birthday Princess Catherine" followed by a balloon emoji.  While Kate and William are expected to return to royal duties this week, it is thought they celebrated the occasion privately with their three children.  READ MORE: Prince Harry mocked for not seeing irony of wanting private royal talk Last year, Kensington Palace released three new portraits to mark her landmark 40th birthday. However, Kate typically spends the day privately. The Waleses spent Christmas at their Norfolk home Anmer Hall and attended the Sandringham Christmas Day with the rest of the Firm. During the holiday, the Wales family enjoyed a trip to see Santa at Lapland UK and William even reportedly treated his wife to a thrilling date by taking an Aston Martin DBX707 for a weekend test drive.  DON'T MISS:Trump rages after potentially classified files found at Biden's office [LATEST]Prince Harry responds to claim he 'sold out' Royal Family . [REVEAL]Prince Harry says Royal Family need truth to have 'peace' [SPOTLIGHT] According to Hello! magazine, for her own children's birthdays, Kate is known to bake cakes for them. While appearing on A Berry Royal Christmas in 2019, she said: "I love making the cake. It's become a bit of a tradition that I stay up 'til midnight with ridiculous amounts of cake mix and icing and I make far too much. But I love it." 