Fans of James Bond are patiently awaiting news on who will be replacing Daniel Craig as 007. The official announcement will likely come within the next few years, but until then, the Bond odds have been the best way of predicting who will be donning the tuxedo. But this week, the odds have completely imploded, changing the long-running frontrunner to another British heartthrob. Ladbrokes have just slashed the odds on the incredibly young actor James Norton. The 37-year-old Brit has been acting up a storm in recent weeks as Tommy Lee Royce in the BBC show Happy Valley. The star plays the show's villain but has proven he can hold a franchise on his own. The booking agent has now awarded the action star an incredible 11/4 in the Bond odds, making him the favourite to take over as 007 after Craig's exit. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "James Norton may have referenced Spider-Man in last night's Happy Valley, but punters are seemingly convinced he'll soon be playing another Hollywood hero in the shape of 007 - and we've slashed odds to see him now head the betting as a result." This is particularly surprising considering the previous favourite, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, had reportedly attended some 007 auditions with the Bond bosses, Barbara Broccoli and Michael G Wilson. Taylor-Johnson has been in Hollywood for decades, at this point. He headed up the comic book franchise Kick-Ass, joined the Avengers in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, and most recently went toe-to-toe with Brad Pitt in Bullet Train. Rumours hit at the beginning of the year that he had become the internal favourite to embody James Bond. Further reports claimed he had attended meetings with the Bond bosses, further adding fuel to the rumour mill. Since then, he has been the favourite in the Bond odds - until now. He now places joint second with a powerful 3/1 on becoming the martini-swilling hero. However, he is joined - neck-and-neck - by former Superman and The Witcher star Henry Cavill. DON'T MISS...Next James Bond odds dominated by Brit that missed out on 007 before [NEWS]Next James Bond announcement – Unveiling of new 007 rumoured very soon [ANNOUNCEMENT NEWS]Bond girl Valerie Leon talks about Sean Connery and Roger Moore [INTERVIEW] Cavill has been vying for the attention of the Bond bosses for years. He battled against Craig in the audition process for Casino Royale back in 2005 - but missed out on the last hurdle. He has since recalled being told he was "too chubby" for the role. He admitted, at the time, he didn't know how to "train or diet" properly. Cavill has since become a major Hollywood star, and his odds reflect that with a staggering 3/1. However, just behind him is the enviable Tom Hardy. Hardy has been a fan-favourite to take on the role of James Bond since Craig's final movie, No Time To Die. He has previously admitted he will "not" talk about the role, as he fears he'll lose it before he gets a chance, but the fans have rallied behind him. At the moment, he has an enormous 10/1, making him one of the best bets in the bond odds at the moment. Watch James Bond No Time To Die on Prime Video now.