The Brooklyn Nets suffered their third-straight defeat on Thursday night, as they were beaten by the New York Knicks 120-117 after overtime. The Celtics had the chance to take the lead before ultimately losing, but Jaylen Brown missed not one, but two, free throws. The Celtics lost again on Thursday night, as they continue to suffer without Marcus Smart. The NBA Defensive Player of the Year suffered an injury against the Toronto Raptors last week, and the Celtics have not won since. It's clearly putting a strain on the team, and the pressure is starting to show in other areas. Jayson Tatum impressed once again with a 35-point game, while Brown had 22 points on the board by the end of the game. But despite missing two more with just 7.1 seconds on the overtime clock, head coach Joe Mazzulla has more than stood by his star. READ MORE: Golden State Warriors risk Steph Curry wrath with biggest off-season contract call Not only was it their third loss in a row, it was the second consecutive game where late-game execution was poor. The Celtics had the chance to take a potential game-winning lead against the Knicks, but threw it away. The Knicks then won by three, and the Celtics - who had done so well to force overtime in the first place - were left wondering how they'd missed the opportunity again. It would be easy for interim boss Mazzulla to point the finger at Brown, but he clearly isn't too concerned. DON'T MISS:  In the post-game interview, Mazzulla was asked what his message would be to Brown, as it was claimed by the reporter that the NBA star can get down on himself for key misses. It's fair to say Mazzulla looked a little confused by the question and responded: "I love you, Jaylen." Mazzulla was then pressed for further comment, and once again, he stuck to his guns. "I love you Jaylen, and I believe in you." It's far from a crisis within the Celtics camp, as although some are starting to express concern following three-straight defeats, they're still comfortably sat at the top of the East. The Celtics have more wins (35) in the NBA this season than any other team, and are still intent on securing a Championship. They next face the Los Angeles Lakers on Saturday night, and there's not many better games to try and return to form than against LeBron James' side. Another loss could be problematic mentally, but a win could be the small springboard they need.