Carey Mulligan, 37, has confirmed that she is expecting her third child with her husband Marcus Mumford, 35, as she took to the AFI Awards red carpet debuting her baby bump. The actress and singer share two children: Evelyn, seven, and Wilfred, five. The news of the Hollywood actress's pregnancy was confirmed by a representative to the US publication, People. This comes a day after Carey took to the red carpet at the AFI Awards Luncheon on Friday debuting her blossoming baby bump. Carey looked great in a black gown featuring a dramatic cape on the star-studded red carpet, as she smiled for the cameras. The Mumford and Sons frontman and Carey got engaged in 2011, just five months after they began dating. READ MORE: Ulrika Jonsson blames Prince Harry's 'sexism' on mum Diana's death The following year they tied the knot in England in front of around 200 guests including Colin Firth, Jake Gyllenhaal and Sienna Miller. They welcomed their first child Evelyn in 2015 and then their son Wilfred was born in August 2017. Carey and Marcus were childhood pen pals and despite losing touch, they rekindled their romance after both featuring in the black comedy Inside Llewyn Davis. The couple, who keep their romantic life very private, admitted they write each other love letters whenever they are apart. Carey told The Telegraph: "I think they're becoming a lost art form, which is very sad. "To have a love letter from someone, to hold it in your hand and know that you can keep it for your whole life… well that's an amazing thing." Earlier this month, Carey got candid about how motherhood has influenced her career choices, which she says has changed since her two kids have gotten older. She told Vanity Fair: "It’s different now. When they’re tiny, they are sort of portable. DON'T MISS... Gino D'Acampo says wife 'knew he would break the cage' in marriage [INSIGHT] Britney Spears seen having ‘meltdown’ in LA after fans speculated her [PICS] Lorraine Kelly says Prince Harry is ‘damaging himself’  [OPINION] "Now mine are getting a bit older, it will become clearer what is and isn’t possible for us. "But I think I feel a lot more relaxed in terms of the work. It’s that old cliché — the acting you do for free and everything else is what you get paid for." Carey then made sure to credit how "lucky" she and her husband are to do the jobs that they do. She continued: "That’s such a luxury in life and in the world to be able to do that. "I think it’s sort of very obvious when it’s the right time to do something and not, whereas I think I probably debated more in the past. I feel very cut and dry." Carey is currently promoting her latest Hollywood venture, She Said, which follows Twohey (played by Mulligan) and Kantor (Zoe Kazan) as they investigate sexual assault allegations levelled at powerful Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein (Mike Houston). The pair's real-life investigation helped put Weinstein on trial for his crimes where he was later convicted on two counts of sexual assault for a total of 23 years. It also sparked the #MeToo movement which has helped other survivors of abuse bring their own allegations forward.