Liverpool are expected to dip into the transfer market to refresh Jurgen Klopp's midfield options this summer. But with four current first-team stars set to depart, the Reds have two options already at the club who could be ready to help fill the void next season. Klopp is likely to have a new-look midfield regiment to pick from in the 2023/24 campaign, owing in part to four inevitable exits. Liverpool won't extend Arthur Melo's stay amid a disastrous loan stint from Juventus, in which he's played just 13 minutes and has yet to make a Premier League appearance through injury. Naby Keita, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and James Milner look set to join him in the departures lounge, with all three stars' contracts expiring in July. Milner could renew as part of the process of joining Klopp's coaching staff, but after turning 37 this month, he would by no means be a regular. With four senior midfield exits in the pipeline, there are two emerging targets to add quality and numbers to Klopp's squad. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Reports claim Liverpool will try to sign both Borussia Dortmund's Jude Bellingham and Wolverhampton Wanderers' Matheus Nunes this summer. The Reds are eyeing an audacious double swoop to upgrade Klopp's midfield, but they could also promote internally to ensure he has the same numbers as this term. Bellingham and Nunes would join Fabinho, Thiago Alcantara, Jordan Henderson, Stefan Bajcetic, Harvey Elliott and Curtis Jones in the German coach's ranks. Tyler Morton and Leighton Clarkson could also be introduced as full-time first-teamers to help fill the void left by Arthur, Milner, Oxlade-Chamberlain and Keita. READ MORE: Arteta heaps praise on Trossard after making Arsenal debut vs Man Utd  Morton has impressed on loan at Blackburn Rovers in the Championship and could follow in Elliott's footsteps of becoming a first-team player after a positive spell at Ewood Park. The 20-year-old predominantly plays as a defensive midfielder and is highly rated at Anfield, as is Clarkson. He is on loan at Aberdeen and has played a key role in their campaign in Scotland, operating in a more advanced role than Morton. Now 21 and soon to have a full season of senior football under his belt, Clarkson is another Klopp could be tempted to promote and utilise next season. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here