Jamie Carragher has been slammed for taking a post-fight photo with Liam Smith after the Scouser appeared to direct homophobic comments at Chris Eubank Jr. Smith stopped Eubank Jr in the fourth round of their domestic grudge match on Saturday but came under fire for his line of questioning at Thursday’s pre-fight press conference. "You go on about girls, has anybody in this room ever seen you with a girl? You got something to tell us? You are 33 and you said on the programme you want kids," Smith shouted at his rival. "This is for no laughs I am just asking, do you want to tell us something? You are putting up pictures with Neymar in limousines. No one in this room has seen you with a woman. If you are happy just tell us; it isn't a dig. You have to have a woman to have a kid." Carragher, who joined Smith for a game of header tennis at his media workout, a day before the ugly exchange, uploaded a picture of the pair celebrating together post-fight, with the caption: “What a performance @LiamBeefySmith #SmithEubank.” And fans were not best pleased by the snap as they rushed to the comment section to criticise the Liverpool Legends' decision to continue to associate himself with Smith. “Jamie, it feels grim that you’re backing someone after such homophobic remarks. Any thought on what he said?” tweeted @Kyle95Osullivan. “The pre-fight video was appalling Jamie. Have you anything to say about that? As a @LFC legend, thousands upon thousands of youngsters look up to you as a sporting hero. Even if Liam's a Scouser, this is giving out a very bad message that homophobia is somehow alright,” said @ciarantierney. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury warned over Usyk's unusual punch technique as fight edges closer Smith makes grovelling apology over 'homophobic slur' after Eubank KO David Haye breaks silence of being in a 'throuple' relationship  “Next time Sky Sports are having a discussion about homophobia in football and you're trying to act all enlightened we'll remember this @Carra23,” added @MrPMHarrison @scottydog74 also wrote: “Not a great picture to be associated with, he stooped to the lowest of comments and his hate inside for these kind of comments will stay with him forever!!” Smith did go on to apologise for his conduct at the post-fight press conference, saying: "I apologise to anyone offended by what I said. I'm not homophobic in any way, shape or form, I'm far from it. That's not me as a man. If anyone's offended and I've come across that way, I apologise." But for many supporters, the damage has already been done. 