Alejandro Garnacho has emerged as one of Manchester United's brightest young talents over the last few months and for good reason, with the Argentine teenager having impressed when given the opportunity to do so by Erik ten Hag. Garnacho has made a total of nine appearances in the Premier League so far this season and looks set to play a major role in their bid to achieve a top-four finish between now and the end of the campaign. The 18-year-old has not been one to shy away from the limelight during his breakthrough year at Old Trafford, while his tenacious personality has also gained him plenty of admirers since bursting onto the scene at United. He recently sparked fury in Argentina ahead of last year's World Cup, though, as a result of his admiration for Cristiano Ronaldo over Albiceleste skipper and fellow all-time great Lionel Messi.Garnacho often shared pictures of himself with Ronaldo during the latter's time as United and is known to idolise the 37-year-old, although this did not go down well with pundit Guido Glait on Argentine channel TyC Sports when asked if the Red Devils youngster should have been called up to the senior squad to make the trip to Qatar.Glait fumed: "Please, he has one and a half games in the first division. He does not speak Spanish, he does not know dulce de leche, he never used a birome, he does not know the 'Caminito', he does not know the 9th of July. And third, the most important thing: he said that his idol is Cristiano Ronaldo. How is he going to say that? He didn't understand anything. Messi plays in the Argentine national team." JUST IN: Chelsea have four players they could use in Moises Caicedo swap deal It has also not been entirely plain sailing for Garnacho at United in spite of his rapid rise to prominence over the last few months under the guidance of Ten Hag. He previously got on the wrong side of his manager for leaving training sessions without his laces tied up, according to The Athletic, who reported back in November that Ten Hag grew concerned over the player's attitude as a result.The act was considered 'too lax' for the Dutchman's liking and Garnacho needed to be corrected before returning to the senior fold at United a few weeks later, although he has come on leaps and bounds for the Red Devils since then. However, Ten Hag is still eager to keep Garnacho's feet firmly on the ground and recently warned him that he will need to keep impressing in training to earn further chances to succeed at first-team level. "I never, never let players get opportunities," said Ten Hag earlier this week. "A player has to deserve opportunities and they're doing that by their performances on the training pitch, by their performances when they are on the pitch on the match day."That's what I expect and they did quite well. We have seen Garnacho already over a long period and [Facundo] Pellistri is now coming in." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.