Prince Harry has claimed he was not Prince William's best man at his wedding to Catherine Middleton. Instead, he claimed he was forced to go along with his brother's "bare-faced lie" and act out the role for show. In his controversial book, the Duke of Sussex said William's friends, James Mead and Thomas Van Straubenzee gave speeches at the wedding reception. Prince Harry and Prince William both traveled together to Westminster Abbey in a Bentley on the day of the Prince and Princess of Wales wedding on April 29, 2011. But in his tell-all book, Harry claimed: "Willy didn't want me giving a best man's speech". The Duke also recounted the morning of the wedding in which he claims he had to tell his brother, "you smell of alcohol", as they greeted guests. He claimed William was "tipsy on last night's rum" just hours before walking down the aisle. And these aren't the only bombshell claims made about the brother's rift in the book, which was released by mistake in Spain ahead of its official global launch. Prince Harry made the shocking claim his brother attacked him over his relationship with Meghan Markle. Describing the confrontation the Duke claimed William branded Meghan "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive". Harry wrote that William "grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and knocked me to the floor". READ MORE: Meghan Markle warned Americans turning on her over 'endless whining' He alleges his older brother urged him to hit back, citing fights they had as children, but Harry refused and William left before returning and apologising. Harry claims William and his then-girlfriend Kate Middleton encouraged him to wear a Nazi uniform to a fancy dress party in 2005. The move sparked outrage after a photo appeared on the front page of a newspaper. The duke alleges Meghan upset Kate, who had recently given birth, by accusing her of having a "baby brain" during a heated phone call leading up to the Sussex's wedding in May 2018, according to The Sun. In his first interview about the book, due to air on Sunday, Harry said he saw "the red mist" in his brother.  He told interviewer, Tom Bradby: “What was different here was the level of frustration, and I talk about the red mist that I had for so many years, and I saw this red mist in him.” In the interview, Harry also revealed he is open to reconciling with his family, but said it cannot happen without "some accountability". Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace both declined to comment on any of the allegations. Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10th.