Emmerdale viewers are eagerly waiting for Mackenzie Boyd (played by Lawrence Robb) to be exposed by Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) after he had a one-night stand with Chloe Harris (Jessie Elland), who is now pregnant. Mack said he would support Chloe and the baby, but only if Charity never found out. However, in recent scenes, things have been made worse for Mack when the pub owner invited Chloe to live with them. After Mack's plan to get rid of Chloe backfired, Charity ended up kicking him out of the house. Although, it looks like the wedding is back on as the pair made amends earlier this week. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press, executive producer Jane Hudson teased what was in store for Chloe and Mack. She hinted Charity and Mack's wedding day will be "explosive". READ MORE: BBC host issues apology to Naga Munchetty over awkward joke "We have got the Charity and Mackenzie wedding on the cards which is happening next year," the soap boss began. "I think we know weddings don't always go very smoothly, and Chloe's baby is maybe due around the time of the wedding, so I'll leave it to yourselves to figure out what might happen around the wedding date and birth date, and it will be explosive for Charity and Mackenzie." She continued: "I would say the start of 2023 is explosive for the Dingles. "We have got Cain at the heart of what is happening in the village, we have got Paddy and Chas at the heart of what is happening, and we have got Charity and Mack, so the Dingles are really kicking off 2023 with a bang." "It's all going on for them," Jane went on to tease. In recent scenes, Sarah Sugden (Katie Hill) has been close to exposing Chloe and Mack's fling. Although, the mum-to-be was quick to put her off the scent by manipulating her. DON'T MISS...GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan [REACTION]Naga Munchetty pleads 'move on' as she shuts down BBC co-star  [VIDEO]Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz [INSIGHT] The actress who plays Chloe also discussed whether her character is worried about Sarah finding out. "Yes," Jessie agreed before adding: "I think especially for Chloe because they are so close and she feels awful for having to keep it a secret when it's kind of necessary for her survival. "I think Chloe is able to deal with it quite well, I think she's quite confident in her ability to you know, manipulate or conceal the truth. "So, I think she's more confident about it." "I think in some ways, Mackenzie has a little bit more to lose than Chloe does," the Mackenzie Boyd star weighed in. "That might be a factor in why he reacts the way he does. "Because he's at a point now where he's engaged and he's wanting to plan a wedding." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.