Vulnerable men and women across the country are at risk of hypothermia but they are frightened of receiving an energy bill they cannot pay. The nation should take note of the heartbreaking case of 87-year-old widow Barbara Bolton who told her GP she had been unable to pay for her heating.  Rochdale coroner’s court heard the horrifying story of how she suffered hypothermia and died. National Energy Action claims that last winter there were “45 deaths a day on average due to cold, unsafe homes”. We must not stand by as more people literally shiver to death. It is also vital that people do not stop buying food so they can afford heating. Our older population should be cherished and respected. High energy prices must not result in more needless fatalities. It is essential that people are told about entitlements to help with bills and given the help they need to access support. Sometimes the cost of living is truly a matter of life and death. Public finances may be tight but decency demands no one is left to freeze in poverty.  Met Police Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley faces a Herculean challenge in cleaning up his scandal-ridden force. The heinous crimes of PC David Carrick have shaken people’s faith in the Met and the drive to root out offenders is expected to result in two or three officers appearing in court each week. Allegations of sexual and domestic violence against around 1,000 officers and staff are now under review. Sir Mark is braced for “painful truths” to come to light – and it is vital horror stories, no matter how disturbing, are not hidden. A culture of cover-up creates conditions in which corruption becomes endemic. This is a time of reckoning for police forces across the entire nation; it is an opportunity to rescue the fraying bonds of public trust. The release of photos taken by Sir Paul McCartney over three months as Beatlemania exploded give us a fascinating glimpse of life at the centre of a musical revolution. It is the moment Macca and his bandmates became superstars. His images document their adventures in Liverpool, London, Paris, New York, Washington DC and Miami – a time he remembers as “pandemonium”. Fans and pop historians will delight in exploring this treasure trove. Sir Paul, of course, is a national treasure and it is a joy that he wants to take us on this journey down a long and winding memory road.