Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp conceded that he felt sympathy for Wolves after a broken VAR camera potentially denied them a legal winner at Anfield. The Reds endured yet another sloppy evening and they were punished by the spirited visitors, who continued their fine revival under newly-appointed head coach Julen Lopetegui.   In truth, Wolves will be returning south from Merseyside frustrated that they didn't leave with the victory following a controversial VAR call.  The visitors were denied a second-half winner when defender Toti Gomes turned home - only to be denied by the linesman's flag.  Yet following a lengthy review, VAR chalked off the goal despite a lack of clear evidence that any of the Wolves players were offside.  It's thought the substitute Matheus Nunes was the player in an offside position after he received the ball shortly after swinging in the corner. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE There was no VAR camera in that corner of the ground at Anfield to provide definitive evidence, something that left Klopp feeling sympathetic towards Liverpool's opponents. "I heard now, I'm not sure about their third goal," he told ITV. "We have one angle where it could be offside but I can understand Wolves are not overly happy with that. "The camera or VAR didn't work properly so that's tricky. Now we have to play again." When asked whether he agreed with the decision to chalk the goal off, he added: "I can't [agree with VAR decision], I don't have the pictures here. DON'T MISSLiverpool shown what they're missing in Wolves draw as Darwin Nunez answers criticsMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag casts doubt over Jadon Sancho return following Holland exileWout Weghort 'waves goodbye' to Besiktas supporters with Man Utd transfer 'advanced' "I see one picture where it could be offside but I understand. I think it's because VAR has one camera angle and obviously we don't want to have that in this game. "But if that's the case, if it was not offside it was unlucky for them, if it was offside then it's the right decision." Wolves boss Lopetegui went to see the officials after the match to get an explanation of why Wolves' winner was disallowed. He also raised frustrations with Liverpool's second goal after Mohamed Salah was played onside by defender Gomes' header. Lopetegui argued that had Gomes known Salah was in an offside position, he wouldn't have attempted to head the ball. Salah was standing way offside but the attempt to play the ball from Gomes meant the goal was able to stand. "Only to talk about the two goals, one where they missed the offside, we've seen it doesn't exist. It's impossible," the Spaniard said post-match. There was also a debut for Liverpool's new signing Cody Gakpo at Anfield as he looks to settle into his new surroundings quickly. Klopp said of the Dutchman: "He fitted into the game. It was not easy for a first step. We cannot expect it to be perfect, but he showed good signs. We have to get him in better positions but that will come no doubt." 