Republicans are risking "financial ruin" for "millions" by refusing to hike the country's $31.4trillion debt limit, according a former Democrat senator. The two parties are in a standoff after the borrowing threshold was reached on Thursday with the GOP, fresh into a new House of Representatives majority, seeking to use it to their advantage. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen says emergency measures could stave off a national default until June 5 - and the countdown offers the Republicans a bargaining chip over spending cuts in the Democrat-led Senate. But David Carlucci, a former New York senator and member of the Democratic Party, has told Express.co.uk this "gameplan" could be detrimental to Americans. "Although this is not the first time Republicans have held the national debt hostage, this and prior actions by the GOP reflect the new Republican gameplan," he said. "Starting with Speaker McCarthy’s confirmation, the Republican strategy has become one big game of chicken in order to get their way.   "But this time, Republicans are playing a dangerous game." Carlucci, who represented New York State's 38th District from 2011 to 2020, added: "Not raising the national debt limit can lead to an economic crisis in the United States, the financial ruin of millions of American businesses and families. "Democrats should not even think about negotiating with members who think about risking the economy." This issue means President Joe Biden and House Speaker Kevin McCarthy are facing their first major clash since the Republican House take over. McCarthy, elected Speaker on the 15th vote in chaotic scenes earlier this month, said his fellow Republicans will only agree to increase the debt ceiling in return for spending cuts. READ MORE: Trump lawyer accuses Biden's legal team of a 'clean-up job' Jeff Webb, political commentator and author of American Restoration: How to Unshackle the Great Middle Class, told Express.co.uk "Democrats are perfectly fine with the debt almost being a bottomless pit". He said: "Look at the amount of debt that we have. If you were a company or a household, once you get through a difficult situation that may have required extraordinary expenditures, you would start looking to improve your balance sheet, so you have cash, can operate, and survive. "Unfortunately, Biden and the Democrats are perfectly fine with the debt almost being a bottomless pit. "The truth is that the level of the national debt and how it works relative to our national budget and our economy, in general, are not things that the everyday person understands or wants to understand. "Sadly, as we have seen in the past when the government shuts down the media and Democrats blame the Republicans. Politically they think they can get a victory if they are intransigent and if they put the Republicans in a position where they must shut down the government."  Webb said the "first thing to do" would decide which "item, department, and major expenditure" to make spending cuts from, backing up the Republican proposal to introduce rigorous government spending cuts. He added: "Every department has huge waste, including the Pentagon and the national budget. Everything should be on the table. "Nothing should be sacrosanct. You have to look at everything to see where there is waste, and there is plenty of it, but the government has shown that they only way they will do that is to freeze or lower their budget. "What McCarthy and the House Republicans are trying to do is get a start on what is becoming a worse and worse economic programme that is jeopardising the future of our country’s economy for our children and grandchildren." Yellen has warned the June date is subject to "considerable uncertainty" due to the challenge of forecasting payments and government revenues months into the future. In a statement on Friday, White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said President Biden will meet with McCarthy to discuss the matter. “Like the President has said many times, raising the debt ceiling is not a negotiation; it is an obligation of this country and its leaders to avoid economic chaos. Congress has always done it, and the President expects them to do their duty once again,” she said. “That is not negotiable.” 