Prince Harry continued his attacks on the Royal Family in his latest TV interview, accusing them of trying to “undermine” his memoir Spare because its controversial contents have “perhaps made them feel uncomfortable and scared”. Appearing on the popular American talk show The Late Show with Stephen Colbert last night, the 38-year-old alternated between a cheeky chappy persona, making jokes about his “frost-nipped” genitals, and insulting his family.    When asking about the backlash to the book, the show’s host Stephen Colbert questioned whether Prince Harry believes the royals have an “active campaign to undermine this book”.  The 38-year-old replied: “Of course” and then added that “the British press” had been complicit in the so-called “campaign”.  When Mr Colbert suggested this was “aided and abetted by the palace” the Duke of Sussex agreed, saying: “Again of course. But this is the other side of the story, right?  “After 38 years, they have told their side of the story. This is the other side of the story.”    He then spoke about why he believes that the royals have a “campaign” against his memoir.  Prince Harry said: “There is a lot in there that, perhaps makes people feel uncomfortable and scared.”  He covered a lot of ground during the interview, including slamming accusations that he “boasted” about killing 25 Taliban fighters and blamed his critics for “spinning” his words and putting his “family in danger”.  He showed that he still wears the necklace that he claims his brother Prince William broke, after having had it repaired.  He said he had watched “old and more recent” episodes of The Crown, despite it covering topics like his mother’s battle with bulimia and divorce from Charles.  READ MORE: We won't be able to keep you all safe from violent crime, police say   And he poked fun at himself when discussing his “frost-nipped” penis by laughing at Mr Colbert’s jokes about his “royal jewels”.  He also shared his warmest memories of the Queen, talking about her “sharp wit” and “sense of humour”.Despite pulling no punches, the Duke of Sussex’s interview was slightly lighter in tone than the ones he had done on other shows, to fit with the vibe of The Late Show.  The programme opened with a skit where Mr Colbert stood alongside two trumpeters wearing replicas of the uniforms traditionally worn by the State Trumpeters of the Household Cavalry.  As they began to play, Prince Harry was pictured on a red carpet and told the TV host that such pomp and pageantry “wasn’t necessary”.  DON'T MISSDevoted couple that were 'never apart' die within day of each other [REPORT]Prince Harry writes of secret sexcapade with Meghan in Soho House [REVEALED]Dan Wootton clashes with guest over Prince Harry memoir 'lies' [OPINION]  But then Mr Colbert was joined by actor Tom Hanks and told the Duke that the trumpets had been intended for the Hollywood royalty, rather than British royalty, all along.  Mr Colbert then offered the Duke of Sussex some tequila before starting the interview.  He said to him: “I know that you yourself are a very private person for being a public figure.  “You are revealing a lot of things in here.  “It must be on a certain level kind of nerve-wracking to be out there publicly, physically representing the book... Would you like a cocktail before we begin?”  Harry responded: “Yes please!”  The interview mostly went over the same topics that Prince Harry has talked about in his other chats to promote his memoir – which have included TV spots with Tom Bradby on ITV and, in the US, with 60 Minutes and Good Morning America. And in print he has done a cover feature and photoshoot for People magazine. Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers. 