Capital gains tax (CGT) is a tax on the profit a person makes when they sell something which has increased in value. It is the gain one makes which is taxed, rather than the amount of money the person receives. While some assets are tax-free, there is an important change happening in a matter of months Britons should be aware of. From April, the tax-free allowance on capital gains is being more than halved from £12,300 to £6,000. Emma-Lou Montgomery, associate director for personal investing at Fidelity, explained: “This means that any profits that exceed £6,000 that you make selling an asset, such as a second property or investments held outside an ISA after the April 6, will be subject to capital gains tax (CGT)." From April 2024, this tax-free allowance will drop to £3,000. READ MORE: Married pensioners may be eligible for £278.70 per week Ms Montgomery added: “The dividend allowance is also being cut from £2,000 to £1,000 and then just £500 from April 2024. “So, if you’re thinking of selling any assets, consider your timing carefully.” Chancellor Jeremy Hunt announced a substantial reformation of allowances on unearned income in his Autumn Statement in November 2022. However, he added: “These changes still leave us with more generous allowances overall than countries like Germany, Ireland, France, and Canada.” DON'T MISSLloyds Bank issues warning as text loses woman hundreds [WARNING]700,000 people may be due state pension backpay after DWP error [LATEST]State pension alert as some Britons at ‘automatic disadvantage’ [INSIGHT] Tax-free allowances are also set to be frozen for another two years - until April 2028. This includes the income tax personal allowance, higher rate threshold, main National Insurance threshold and inheritance tax threshold. However, with the tax year end approaching, capital gains tax is not the only issue Britons will have to consider. Ms Montgomery also told individuals they will need to declare their pension contributions. READ MORE: Cold Weather Payments - Full list of postcodes eligible for support She continued: “If you pay money into a pension aside from your workplace pension, you need to make sure you’re entering those contributions onto your tax return, in the correct box and for the right amount. “If you make a mistake here, you could either miss out on tax relief or claim too much - in which case HMRC could charge interest on the underpayment. “If your employer deducts your pension contributions from your salary, you don’t need to enter these separately on your tax return. “The available tax relief will have been applied through your net salary.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea But perhaps most important is making sure one meets the tax deadlines which are fast approaching. Ms Montgomery added: “Fail to submit an online tax return before midnight on January 31, and you could face an automatic £100 fine. “This increases the longer you delay, so get your submission in on time. “If you wanted HMRC to collect tax you owe from your wages or pension, you’ve missed the boat, so you’ll also need to pay any tax due by January 31, or face a fine. “And if you do make a mistake, then you usually have 12 months from January 31 to correct it.”