The hairstyles that suited you when you were 20 may not suit you when you are 60 - and that's okay! Hair extraordinaire Inanch Emir, founder of Inanch London, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about which hairstyle might be a no-go for ladies over a certain age, plus the do that can take the years off instantly. Inanch weighed in on a very popular hairstyle among both young and older women, explaining that it works best for a particular age group. She told Express.co.uk that "ponytails are amazing - if you're young". She explained that you can't exactly put an age on when the slicked back ponytail is too young for you, because "nowadays people definitely do look younger for longer". However, when the skin starts to sag - as is inevitable with age - the slicked back pony might not be the style for you, according to the expert. READ MORE: Top two haircuts for 'disguising' signs of ageing - pictures  She stated: "If you've got a wrinkled forehead and sagging cheeks, slicking your hair back into a high ponytail I would say stay away from that." The exception is when you're giving yourself a "proper snatched ponytail", which, according to Glamour, is "a ponytail as tight as you can handle". On some people this can give the illusion of an instant facelift, making the skin look tight and taut. However, according to Inanch, this particular do is "likely to give you a headache". Aside from the young women out there, Inanch believes there is another group who can work a slicked back ponytail. She said: "Let's say you're having Botox and hydrafacials and collagen waves and you've got amazing skin then yeah, of course you can slick your hair up in a ponytail and it looks young. "It doesn't look that good on older people - unless you're having all the other treatments." In essence, it's a hairstyle which leaves nothing to the imagination, with the face more or less naked. READ MORE: 'World's oldest makeup' look mature women should avoid - pictures  Without having had some anti-ageing treatments first, the slicked back ponytail might run the risk of exposing sagging or wrinkled skin. Steering clear of the slicked back pony, Inanch recommended another hairstyle that doesn't require any additional skin treatments. The expert advised asking a stylist to cut some layers into your hair, in accordance with your face shape. She stated: "Making younger people look young is not a problem. But making older people look young, you have to go with their face shape. "For example, you've always had high cheekbones and all of a sudden they're looking a bit a bit droopy. "In this case you would do a layer that sits right underneath your cheekbones so that it emphasises them almost like a lift. "If you want to hide the wrinkled forehead, you have a fringe, one that is sort of a little bit longer as it gets to the edges so you frame the face." Inanch Emir is the salon and creative director of the award-winning Inanch London.