Jellyfish took to the stage on Saturday evening to belt out Hozier's hit Take Me To Church, with judge Rita Ora branding it "one of the best vocals" she'd ever heard on The Masked Singer. The performance left fans believing Glee star Amber Riley could be behind the flamboyant costume. However, Amber won the latest series of The Masked Singer US - so could she have entered the UK version of the show in a double disguise?  Jellyfish blew viewers away when they performed Sweet Child O' Mine by Guns N' Roses in recent weeks. They continued to impress the judging panel, made up of Jonathan Ross, Rita Ora, Davina McCall and Mo Gilligan on Saturday night with their powerhouse vocals. Fans felt Jellyfish sounded extremely similar to 36-year-old Laurence Olivier Award-winning Amber, who won The Masked Singer US as Harp in 2022. ITV viewers flocked to social media to share their theories about Jellyfish's identity. READ MORE: BBC News' Joanna Gosling speaks out after quitting ahead of merger Lauren McKenzie tweeted: "Jellyfish is 100 per cent Amber Riley! I’d know that voice ANYWHERE #TheMaskedSinger." (sic) Emily shared: "Amber Riley has just won the US version of this show as Harp BUT that would be a good cover for her to be on the UK one too. "I thought it might’ve been Michelle [Williams] from Destiny’s Child but I’m starting to question that." Amy Mitchell penned: "This has got to be Amber Riley! Can’t disguise this voice. Group reference is a reference to Glee, a reference to winning a competition unexpectedly is her winning Dancing with the Stars. Plus you can hear her voice so clearly!"  Donna asked: "I think #jellyfish sounds like Amber Riley from Glee, but would she do another Masked Singer so soon after winning the US one #MaskedSingerUK?" Paige added: "Jellyfish does sound a lot like Amber Riley, but I am stumped as she has just recently won The Masked Singer US - unless we are being double-bluffed #maskedsingeruk." Billie said: "Jellyfish on The Masked Singer sounds very similar to Amber Riley but she’s just won the US version so I’m very thrown off." When Amber won the US version of the show as a shimmering gold harp, she said: “This has been such an amazing experience. Just to be able to come out here and be completely covered and let my talent speak for itself. DON'T MISS...The Masked Singer fans 'work out' identity of Phoenix as indie rocker [REACTION]Davina McCall's appearance distracts The Masked Singer fans  [LATEST]Jonathan Ross lifts lid on parent-daughter dynamic when he met wife [UPDATE] "And the love that I have for people, and wanting people to heal, and feel what it is that I’m singing. “So I hope everybody felt my soul because I bared it right here on this stage.” Amber was also on Dancing with the Stars in 2013 where she and her dance partner Derek Hough took home the coveted trophy. Other viewers of The Masked Singer UK suggested Jellyfish could be British pop star Paloma Faith, 41-year-old actress Sheridan Smith or former Little Mix band member Jesy Nelson.  Double act Cat and Mouse were unmasked and booted off the show on Saturday. They were revealed to be showbiz legends, husband and wife Martin and Shirlie Kemp. When asked if their son, Capital Breakfast host Roman Kemp knew they had taken part, Shirlie said: "No this is going to embarrass him. Most people say they are doing it for their kids." Spandau Ballet star Martin added: "We're doing it to embarrass them." The Masked Singer continues next Saturday at 7pm on ITV. 