Fans finally have an update on the season four release of HBO’s Barry. Henry Winkler, who plays Gene Cousineau on the programme declined to comment at the 2023 Golden Globes if the next season would be the last. However, the Gene actor confirmed that production for the upcoming episodes had wrapped filming. Speaking to Deadline reporter Laverne Cox on the award ceremonies red carpet, he joked that if he said anything, the producers would “take my grandchildren". “I cannot talk to you about that because they will come and take my grandchildren," he joked. "They are so strict, I cannot say a word other than it’s on HBO and it’s called Barry.” However, given Winkler's vague response, fans would be forgiven for thinking Barry may not be over and done with just yet. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters fans blown away by Tammy weight loss in exercise video Ever since season three ended, rumours had circulated among the fandom that the fourth run would be the last. In terms of its release date, the director at the show's network HBO Casey Bloys, has said in the past that the fourth series will be out in time to be eligible for the 2023 Emmy Awards. The deadline for the next Emmy nominations is in May, which means the show could make a return sooner than fans might think. After the show's triumph during the 2022 Emmy ceremony, where it had 14 nominations, Casey told deadline: “Bill [Hader] is not afraid to take risks and push it to places that go dark. "I think it’s been really interesting seeing what he can do both as a writer, as a performer (and) as a director.” Hader himself has fuelled rumours that this season won’t be the end of the series. He told The Hollywood Reporter: “I’ve always viewed this as one big Vanity Fair article. "I love true-crime stuff, so this is just the part where it’s like, ‘And then he got caught, and then this happened.’ There’s so much more to it.” DON'T MISS:Vikings Valhalla’s Freydis star rushed to hospital after injury on setYellowstone’s Wes Bentley addresses Kayce’s loyalty ties in feudThe Kardashians savaged by Golden Globes nominee over ‘fake lips’ In case fans have forgotten, the end of season three saw Barry (played by Hader) being arrested for his criminal activity. However, with Barry still being alive, there is room to expand on the hitman’s story. In an interview with Vulture at the end of 2022, Hader, who is also one of the show’s co-creators, explained his decision to keep Barry alive. “Well dying, the story’s over, and I thought there was more story," Hader said as he defended the decision to keep his character's story going. Explaining the arrest twist, he added: “And so, I think he would get caught. "He’s not Jason Bourne or Walter White. He’s not a genius. He’s a very dumb guy. And it made sense." While there is no release date for Barry, it is expected to make a return in time for eligibility for the 2023 Emmys. Barry seasons 1-3 are available to stream on HBO Max in the USA now.