Oleksandr Usyk’s punches have been compared to slaps by former foe Joe Joyce ahead of his undisputed bout against Tyson Fury. The Ukrainian’s size and strength have been questioned throughout the build-up to the historic contest. Joyce felt Usyk’s power first-hand back in 2013 when they fought each other in a World Series of Boxing bout in London. Usyk came away the victor via a wide points decision as the Juggernaut struggled to pin down the tricky technician. However, one thing he didn’t struggle with was The Cat’s power. “I remember when we fought it was like stinging power – it wasn’t thudding … I could feel the punches,” he told the Queensbury Promotions YouTube channel. “You know like slaps, they’re more stinging? Yeah. Faster and more stinging. At the time. But I guess now he’s put on more size, so they’ll be more thudding, and he’s knocked out people.” The former undisputed cruiserweight champion has always been on the smaller end of the scale in a division filled with giants. But recent pictures uploaded by Usyk showing him looking even more trim have caused alarm. John Fury believes Usyk isn’t big enough to trouble The Gypsy King and insists that Tyson’s wife Paris has a ‘bigger set of shoulders’. “Looking at Usyk getting out the pool the other day, he needs to do something different physically to get in the ring with Tyson,” John told talkSPORT. “We could put the boxing gloves on Paris and let her fight him based on how he looked the other day. MORE BOXING NEWS... David Haye breaks silence of being in a 'throuple' relationship Smith coach praised for last-ditch intervention after Eubank Jr fight Eubank Jr tried to punch Smith after fourth-round loss confirmed “They are about the same size; I think Paris has a bigger pair of shoulders, to be fair. He did himself no favours with a body like that. He looked terrible, like he’s not eaten for three months. “When they are out of so-called ‘training’ their body disappears. And then you see them transformed a few months later. Like a head transplant onto another body. He will go from a rabbit to an oversized rabbit in a few months. Tyson is unbeatable. The Gypsy King has won all over the world. He beat one Ukrainian dosser; he will beat another.” The four-belt shootout is expected to be announced this week as organisers look to pin down the event’s official venue. According to Fury’s promoter, Frank Warren, the fight will take place between late March and early April with Saudi Arabia being the frontrunner to lay host.