Novak Djokovic appeared to call on a member of his team to leave his box after losing a monumental 73-minute opening set to Sebastian Korda in the final of the Adelaide International. Both men had set point chances throughout but it was the 22-year-old who took it 7-6(8) in the tiebreak before the top seed could be seen waving off someone in his camp, as his brother Marko was seen walking out. Djokovic lost a closely-fought first set in the final of the Adelaide International as Korda was able to take it 10-8 in the first set tiebreak on what was his seventh set point. The 22-year-old had been 5-4 40-0 up on his own serve but gave into the pressure and was dragged into a tiebreak, with the Serb also having two set points of his own, but it was Korda who finally came out on top after an hour and 13 minutes. The 21-time Grand Slam champion was visibly frustrated after losing the first set despite playing better tennis and winning more points overall according to the stats, as he started pointing at his box and waving someone off before he had even reached his bench for the changeover. He continued to gesture to his team as he sat down, also shouting over to them, as commentators suggesting he was trying to kick someone out. "I'm not sure if I'm not seeing this but I think he's dismissing someone from his box," Dom Inglot said, as Pete Odgers responded: "Of course there has been changes to his box. He switched his fitness coach Ulises Badio, brother now in the camp but that wasn't his brother he was telling to leave." JUST IN: Naomi Osaka out of Aus Open as concerns grow over tennis future  Despite suggestions that he was not gesturing to his brother, it was Djokovic's agent and his brother Marko who got up and left following the world No 5's frustrations, while his coach Goran Ivanisevic watched on with concern after witnessing his charge lose the first set. Djokovic is playing his sixth consecutive final, having won five of them as well as 29 of his last 30 matches. His only loss since May 2022 came in the Paris Masters final at the hands of 19-year-old Holger Rune, and Korda is bidding to become the second rising star to deny the former world No 1 from winning yet another title. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu addresses tearful ending in Auckland as Aus Open unclearDjokovic and Medvedev share reaction to Alcaraz Aus Open withdrawalFederer, Nadal and Djokovic successor named that 'ticks every box'  Both Djokovic and Korda had not lost a set en route to the final this week, with the young American impressing against Andy Murray, Roberto Bautista Agut and Jannik Sinner in the first three rounds. He was then leading Yoshihito Nishioka 7-6(5) 1-0 in Saturday's semi-final when the Japanese player retired injured. Meanwhile, the top seed overcame Daniil Medvedev in his own semi-final despite needing a medical time-out in the first set when he tweaked his hamstring muscle. The world No 5 sounded positive about the final as he quelled injury fears following the match, where he beat the third seed 6-3 6-4 in 90 minutes.