There's very good news for anyone thinking of upgrading their current Samsung telly. The Korean technology firm has just announced the launch of an enticing new deal that is offering anyone who buys one of its premium screens the chance to grab a Galaxy Z Fold4 worth over £1,600 for free. This incredible deal is available on Samsung's stunning QN900B Neo QLED 8K TV which features impressive pin-sharp visuals, 12 multi-directional TV speakers and edge-to-edge viewing thanks to a bezel-free Infinity Screen. If that sounds enticing then all you have to do is buy the telly from a participating retailer, including Samsung's own store, then fill in your details here and you'll be sent the flagship phone within 45 days. If you weren't already aware, the Galaxy Z Fold4 is Samsung's latest foldable smartphone with this device featuring a giant 7.6-inch screen which literally bends in half. That makes this tablet-style gadget much easier to pop in your pocket once you've sent some emails, played games or browsed the web. There's also a useful 6.2-inch display on the front so you don't have to open things up and it includes a triple-lens camera, fast Qualcomm processor plus there is full S Pen compatibility. It's a good deal although the only thing to be aware of is that the QN900B starts from £3,999 so it's not exactly cheap but the fact you get the Fold thrown in for free will certainly soften the financial blow. READ MORE: Own one of these Samsung TVs? You can now watch premium content and movies for free  If that telly sounds way too expensive, don't fret. There's also the chance to get a Samsung Galaxy S22 for free when buying slightly cheaper QN800B or QN700B models. This call maker includes a 6.1-inch screen, fast processor and a triple-lens rear camera. It's also 5G compatible and features long battery life plus wireless charging. Prices for these tellies start from £1,999 which will definitely make less of a dent in your wallet than QN900B. In addition to these offers, from now until March 14, Samsung is also running a promotion offering customers a free Lifestyle Soundbar when they buy a selected The Frame or The Serif. These screens have been designed to blend in with your home with The Frame appearing just like a picture hanging on the wall. You can find all of these deals on Samsung's website and if you are wondering why there are such good bargains available right now the answer seems pretty simple. Samsung has just announced its new range of tellies which will arrive in stores later this year and feature improved visuals, better smart home integration and clever AI that can adjust the picture scene by scene to make sure movie and boxset binges always look perfect. “In 2023, we are pushing boundaries of innovation to offer consumers more than just premium picture quality, but a holistic, premium device experience tailored to what they need and want out of their connected home,” said Cheolgi Kim, EVP of Visual Display Business at Samsung Electronics. “With SmartThings, our advanced technology is seamless and intuitive, which can make life more accessible and enjoyable everyday.”