Mrs Hinch is a cleaning influencer with over four million followers on Instagram, thanks to her useful cleaning tips and tricks. Due to her popularity, cleaning enthusiasts have created their own Facebook pages in Mrs Hinch’s honour. A question that comes up often is how to clean one’s oven door – or the glass on the door. On one Facebook page, with over 100,000 members, one Mrs Hinch fan wrote: “How do I get my oven glass clean? I’ve read the hints and tips on here but nothing’s working. “I don’t want to use anything abrasive as advised not to. Done the rest of the oven with Oven Pride but doesn’t recommend you use on the glass. “Tried elbow grease and a scraper, which helped but not lifting completely. Tried bicarbonate of soda/water paste. It’s still yellow. Help.” The post was inundated with comments in minutes as other Mrs Hinch fans had a plethora of tips and tricks to share. READ MORE: Mum fixes condensation that left windows 'like a water park' with £30 Amazon buy Kati Castle recommended: “Pink paste and a scrub mummy sponge and put the paste on with it damp. Leave to soak for a bit then really scrub it if needed put more on then wash off with warm water. It really worked for me.” Georgena Colquhoun said: “I’ve used Fairy washing up liquid before on mine. Just smear it on and leave for a while and then use a diamond sponge and it should all come off.” Marie Carmon commented: “I’ve always found Cif really good.” Maria Attwood wrote: “I spray mine with Mr Muscles Oven Cleaner, comes off a treat.” DON'T MISS:Dad's 'game changer' hack to eradicate 'damp & condensation' [PROPERTY] Stop condensation on windows with ingenious and cheap DIY dehumidifier [HOME] 2 methods to stop condensation forming on your bedroom windows [EXPLAINED] Natalia Waddell recommended a natural formula, saying: “Bicarbonate soda and white vinegar paste, or I didn't have vinegar so I used lemon. Or a dishwasher tablet and water and gently scrub.” Jill Andrews commented: “I just use Mr Muscle oven spray to do all the oven, including glass door – does a good job.” Heather Jepson wrote: “Recently did mine with a damp dishwasher tablet. Worked brilliantly.” Julia Beasely’s advice was a little different. She said: “Screw tin foil into a ball, scrub with tomato ketchup, then wipe clean.” Julia Pryor also wanted to know how to clean her oven door, writing: “Has anyone got any tips re cleaning the glass on an oven door. I‘ve tried various including Mr Muscle overnight and nothing is budging it.” Again, many comments amassed on the post, with various tips being offered by other cleaning enthusiasts. Clare Carpenter wrote: “Scrunched up foil and Pink Stuff. Also if oven has been on, it helps.” Margaret Reid said: “Astonish paste is great for every part of the oven including the glass.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Sue Cook advised: “Make a paste with bicarbonate of soda and water, spread over the door and leave for 30 minutes or longer then sponge off with a scrubbing sponge. “Works a treat, I used to spend hour scraping but found this on you tube and it’s great.” Eleanor Lewis simply suggested: “Try a glass scraper.” Rebecca Reilly added: “Depends how bad it is. I just use Fairy Liquid and a scourer on mine. Trick is to wipe with kitchen roll after each scrub (you will have to go over it a few times) and that the grease or dirt is still slightly warm as this loosens it up.”