Emmerdale was back on Wednesday night with more drama in the village. Kyle Winchester (played by Huey Quinn) was pulled in for police questioning once again, and it isn't looking good for the youngster. The schoolboy insisted to the police that he was the one who killed Al Chapman (Michael Wildman) and it looks like he will be taken away from Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) and his mum Amy Wyatt (Natalie Ann Jamieson). It is unclear what the future holds for Kyle and his dad, Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) who is currently in prison after taking the fall for his son. Towards the end of the episode, tensions rose between Cain and Moira as they spoke on the phone. The bad boy was angry at his wife for trusting Cain's half-brother and newcomer Caleb Miligan (Will Ash). "I warned you, Moira I told you not to trust Caleb," Cain raged. READ MORE: Carole Malone fumes Harry 'should be banned' from 'every' royal event "I am sorry," Moira sobbed as she explained Kyle would be taken to a children's home the following day. "His [Caleb] team still think they might get him a non-custodial sentence." "Where is he now?" Cain asked as Moira replied: "Here's back here with me but he'll be taken to a local children's home tomorrow?" Cain fumed: "He wouldn't be going anywhere if Caleb hadn't made him confess, would he? "I went to prison for that man once and now he's having my son sent down." The Dingle favourite became so angry he ended up hanging up the phone, leaving Moira crying down the other end. However, fans believe Moira's betrayal could lead to the couple splitting up for good. Others have suggested they know who Caleb really is and have taken to social media to share their theories. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Sue Cleaver distracts viewers with transformation [REACTION]A Place in the Sun buyer breaks down as she details heartbreak  [VIDEO]Emmerdale family torn apart after Matty betrayal [SPOILERS] Theresa Brown quizzed: "Why do you keep making trouble for Cain and Moira? They never have any happiness and they are the best couple on tv Cain will never forgive Moira now for letting Caleb interfere." (sic) "What really annoys me is Moria being blamed yet again She was just doing what was best for Kyle. This storyline is a right mess now. I don’t trust Caleb he is up to something," @memesEmmerdale wrote. While Owen said: "I don’t know why Moira bothers she has only ever tried her best with Faith and now Kyle and all Cain and co do is throw it back in her face." "#Emmerdale Is Moira Emmakiller going to have an affair with Cain's surprise brother, Caleb when he gives Kyle Alkiller, Amy Frankkiller's son, access to his legal team?" user @fussyMcWhiskers theorised. Glen went on to say: "I wonder if Caleb trained as a lawyer and works in Chambers somewhere?" Penny Irvine questioned: "How come everyone in trouble gets a lawyer, but Caleb gets a team?"  David Corbett pointed out: "I don't buy that Caleb is this rich guy or not the son of a Dingle, he has a Biblical name #Emmerdale." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.