Queen Camilla, 75, is known to look after her diet and physical health, investing in her well-being in a variety of ways, from outdoor pursuits to luxury wellness breaks. How much does the Queen Consort invest in her healthy lifestyle? Queen Camilla's biggest luxury by far are her trips to India to visit the holistic health and wellness centre, Soukya. There, a seven-day stay cost would set royal fans back £2,800 if they desired to be treated like the Queen Consort. Her most recent trip was in October 2022, but she has reportedly visited the retreat eight times since 2010.  READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's £140k engagement ring looks 'vintage' - pictures Such a fan is the Queen Consort, she convinced her husband to visit in 2019 for his 71st birthday. Soukya offers the divisive Panchakarma ritual, a method of cleansing the body of all unwanted waste. This cleares the mind and the gut, as well as the respiratory tract and sinuses.  Therefore, Queen Camilla is in good hands at the retreat, as according to their website, every guest at Soukya goes through a health evaluation by doctors, qualified and experienced in their respective system of medicine.  Queen Camilla is a dedicated FitBit wearer, opting for the Charge3 model, which she's been wearing since early 2020. She is rarely seen without the gadget, opting to bring it to royal tours to the Middle East and royal engagements in the UK. Camilla's tracker of choice is swim-proof and water-resistant and automatically recognises exercises such as runs, swims, ellipticals, sports and more. It also tracks and counts steps on walks, which Queen Camilla has previously said she's a big fan of. Camilla opened up about her love of ballet when speaking on the Emma Barnett Show on BBC Radio 5 Live in 2020. There, she shared that she does 20 minutes of ballet each morning, a passion that she started during lockdown. Queen Camilla's ballet class of choice comes courtesy of Silver Swans, who offer free online sessions. However, the royal added that she took her passion a little too far, and "did something to my back", having to stop ballet for a short time as a result.  Queen Camilla spoke of the importance of yoga in 2017, explaining: "I do a bit of yoga. A bit of yoga and a bit of Pilates. "It's very good for you as you get older, it makes you less stiff - good for your muscles. It makes you much more supple. "I think it's very important as you get older to take exercise and stretch," she continued. Camilla gave no insight into where she practices yoga and Pilates, but it isn't likely to be her local leisure centre. The average price of private yoga sessions are £50 per class. 