Besiktas boss Senol Gunes says Dele Alli “doesn’t deserve to play” after handing the 26-year-old just one minute of league action since the end of October. Alli joined Besiktas on loan from Everton during last summer’s transfer window but has underwhelmed in Turkey. “I don't think Dele Alli deserves to play right now,” explained Gunes. “Sending the player [back to Everton] is something else and not the topic here. We expect him to contribute to the team, but we think he cannot contribute at the moment. We will evaluate it with him and the club.” Alli joined Besiktas when Valerien Ismael was in charge of the team. But the Frenchman was sacked in October following a poor run of results, with ex-Turkey manager Gunes being brought in for a second spell at the helm. Gunes named Alli in his starting line-up for his first match in charge against Umraniyespor. But the former England attacker only lasted 45 minutes before being hauled off as Besiktas ran out 5-2 winners. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    Alli has since had to contend with a place on the bench and was an unused substitute for his team’s next four league matches. The star was handed a start in Besiktas’ cup game against Sanliurfaspor just before Christmas but suffered the ignominy of being dragged off just 29 minutes into that match with his side 2-0 behind. And to make matters worse, Besiktas went on to win the clash 4-2, with Alli’s impact on the team being called into question. Alli came off the bench in the 90th minute on Saturday as Besiktas defeated Konyaspor 2-1 in the league. But his situation in Turkey shows no sign of improving and he clearly isn’t fancied by his new manager. DON'T MISSArsenal decide next move as Mykhaylo Mudryk faces embarrassment after Chelsea hijackArsenal 'contacted Mykhaylo Mudryk without permission' in fresh transfer saga twistArsenal have already encountered Mykhaylo Mudryk problem with alternative transfer target   Alli was once a Premier League star as he racked-up 67 goals and 61 assists in 269 games for Tottenham between 2015 and 2022. But he fell out of favour in north London following a downturn in form, before Frank Lampard attempted to rescue his career by signing him for Everton at the end of last January. Alli was unable to recreate his form of yesteryear at Goodison Park, however, and played just 13 times for the Toffees during the second half of last season as Everton narrowly avoided relegation to the Championship. And after failing to deliver in Turkey, the ace’s career at the top of the game is now hanging by a thread. 