Manchester United are optimistic when it comes to Marcus Rashford and David De Gea signing new contracts at the club, according to reports. The Red Devils duo have been key players for Erik ten Hag so far this season. And they’re both expected to start Sunday’s crunch Premier League showdown with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium. Rashford’s current deal is due to expire at the end of the season, though United do have the option to trigger a one-year extension. And it’s a similar story with De Gea, too, who has been at the club ever since arriving from Atletico Madrid back in the summer of 2011. According to The Times, United are optimistic about keeping the pair as they plan for a brighter future. Ten Hag has brought stability and unison to a dressing room previously lacking both, with the club toiling under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. United haven’t lost a game since November, however, and now appear to be waking up again after so many forgettable years. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Rashford netted just five goals for United last term, with some fans wanting him sold as a result. Since the appointment of Ten Hag back in the summer, though, he’s been a player reborn and revitalised. United have seen their No 10 produce the goods consistently, with the 25-year-old netting 16 goals across all competitions. And he’s been particularly liberated after the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo, who left by mutual consent back in November. De Gea, too, faced criticism at the beginning of the season. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see The Spain international made costly clangers as United lost their opening two league games against Brighton and Brentford. Yet he’s since bounced back to silence his critics and re-establish himself as one of the best goalkeepers in the top flight. De Gea is currently United’s highest-earner, with the 32-year-old taking home £375,000-a-week. But he’s expected to agree to a reduced salary in order to stay at the club and prolong his Old Trafford love affair. Speaking ahead of the game against Arsenal, De Gea insisted he wasn’t bothered by his sceptics. He said: “I don’t have to show anything, I have shown already for many years my qualities. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I know people love to talk, but I’m used to that. I’m just performing as well as I can, helping the team and trying my best all the time. ‌“Experience makes it easier to block out the noise. I live a lot of things, I get through many, many difficult moments. ‌“I don’t care to be honest, I just focus on my games, on my training and on my team. ‌“I’m feeling great, I’m feeling really well. I’m helping the team, training well, feeling confident. ‌“Like the whole team, we’re playing well.” And on Arsenal, he added: “Both teams have always been massive clubs, great teams, always playing to win trophies. “So it’s nice to play now when both teams are in a good shape and playing well. ‌“It’s going to be a massive game. We want to win and we will go to London to try to beat them. ‌“They always have quality players, they want to play from the back and fast players in front. “I remember the game with 14 saves, that was a great game, especially because we won. ‌“Hopefully, I can make another big game. It could be a massive three points for us.”  “So it’s nice to play now when both teams are in a good shape and playing well. ‌“It’s going to be a massive game. We want to win and we will go to London to try to beat them. ‌“They always have quality players, they want to play from the back and fast players in front. “I remember the game with 14 saves, that was a great game, especially because we won. ‌“Hopefully, I can make another big game. It could be a massive three points for us.”