Newcastle winger Jacob Murphy hilariously trolled Southampton defender Duje Caleta-Car after the Croatian was sent off during his side's 1-0 defeat at home in the Carabao Cup semi-final first leg. Joelinton's finish gave the visitors the upper hand for the return leg, though Southampton will be pleased they did not concede a second goal when they went down to 10 men. Caleta-Car was booked in the first half and then with five minutes remaining brought down Allan Saint-Maximin who was through on goal, before shoving Newcastle star Bruno Guimaraes which resulted in a second yellow and sparked a brawl between the two sides. The defender was furious and turned his rage towards several Newcastle players, then Murphy proceeded to taunt the centre-back by waving in his face before the final whistle blew and the visitors secured the victory. Caleta-Car walked past the waving Murphy and exchanged words with the Englishman before sauntering off the side of the pitch, before Newcastle held Southampton at bay in a feisty end to the cup tie. The game was surrounded in controversy as firstly Joelinton had a goal dubiously disallowed as there was not enough evidence for the VAR to overrule the on-field official's decision, despite fury from the travelling Newcastle faithful. The Brazilian missed a sitter before redeeming himself by scoring a tap-in, however, Adam Armstrong thought he equalised in the second half but he too was said to have handled the ball as he bundled it past Nick Pope and a second goal was disallowed. DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Ten Hag has three players who need dropping after Arsenal lossLiverpool urged to pinch 'Chelsea's own Maldini' to form Van Dijk partnershipChelsea ditch hijacker tag with Boehly set to do Tottenham huge favour with Ziyech The Croat was branded "stupid" as he nearly cost his side dearly if a second goal was conceded. "What was he doing?" Ex-Brighton striker Glenn Murray told BBC Radio 5 Live. "All of a sudden Southampton seem to have imploded. They've lost their composure, they've lost their centre-half. It's stupid by Caleta-Car." While after the game, Newcastle goalkeeper Nick Pope admitted his side may have got slightly lucky with the goal that Southampton had disallowed. "A lot of work goes into it [clean sheets]," Pope told Sky Sports. "Obviously I let one in and you know, VAR’s helped us out so we’re happy with that. Our game at the minute, we look really solid at the back and the boys worked ever so hard to make that happen." 