A dramatic police raid caught a drugs gang with thousands of pounds in cash, luxury watches and jewellery. Officers found £15,799 in cash as well the designer goods in Kyle Darbyshire's Salford home.    Darbyshire's role within the £400,000 operation was revealed following a National Crime Agency-led operation in relation to the use of encrypted mobile phones - which are used almost exclusively for criminal activity including money laundering and drug supply. As a result of Operation Venetic, the gang was discovered to be regularly organising the purchase of cocaine and cannabis using the encrypted devices they believed the police would not be able to crack. Financial investigators valued the gang's potential returns from the drugs at almost £400,000. Three other men were also arrested as part of the investigation into the production of cannabis, reports Manchester Evening News.  Darbyshire of Blantyre Avenue in Walkden, Salford, was sentenced to 12 years in jail at Manchester Crown Square Crown Court, after pleading guilty to conspiracy to supply class A drugs and production and cultivation of cannabis. Mark Burgess, 44, of Ellenbrook Road in Worsley, Salford, pleaded guilty to the production of cannabis and received a 24-month suspended sentence, 18-month supervision order, and was ordered to complete 180 hours of unpaid work and 5 rehabilitation days.  Mark Cox, 37, of Runnymeade in Swinton, Salford, was sentenced to a 10-month suspended sentence, a 12-month supervision order and was ordered to complete 60 hours of unpaid work after pleading guilty to the production of cannabis. Geoffrey White, 45, Thorpe Ave in Swinton, Salford, also pleaded guilty to the production of cannabis and was sentenced to a 10-month suspended sentence, 12 months suspension order and was ordered to complete 80 hours of unpaid work and 10 rehabilitation days.  DI Rebecca McGuigan of the District of Salford, said: "This was a complex investigation undertaken by the Operation Arctic Team who worked tirelessly to gather evidence and build the case against the four offenders. "I hope today’s result sends a message to anyone who involves themselves in the supply of drugs, that we will not tolerate our communities being blighted by this destructive trade and we will be knocking on your door. "Drugs can have a devastating impact on communities and our job is to bring these criminals down. "I’d urge anyone who has any information about the supply of drugs in their local area to get in touch with the police."