Emma Bestley, Creative Director and Co-Founder of YesColours has shared the best on-trend colours for 2023, which can also help lift one's mood. She revealed which hues are best in which room of the home. Emma went on to reveal which colours are better than others for mood-boosting. She said: "We all have such different emotional reactions to hues and tones of colour. The first question is what colours are you drawn to? "This is the colour you need to surround yourself with, a colour you feel comfortable with that makes you smile and gives you energy. "For a real boost, it’s often a saturated shade of colour which will give you that burst of energy. "For example, deeper yellow, lush green, oceanic teal or a warm orange - but you have to be mindful whether your walls can handle that depth of saturation maybe tone it down with a lighter or more muted version of that colour instead." READ MORE: Cleaning expert shares method to dry wet laundry in ‘four hours’ Some mood-lifting shades from YesColours include Calming Peach, Passionate Yellow, Friendly Pink, and Calming Blue. Similar shades are available from other brands. These paints would look stunning in any room, but Emma revealed which are best in which rooms of the house. She explained: "We need a bedroom to either calm us down when we go to sleep or give us the energy to wake up and start the day. "Ask yourself, what does this room need to do for your wellbeing? Try a softer pink for a nurturing calm surrounding or a cooler muted green for relaxation. "For more of an energy boost, try coral for its warmth and bold approach or a deeper green or teal for their immersive natural jewel tones shades." As for living rooms, Emma said they are "slightly different". She continued: "We often spend more time in our living space, whether that's in the evenings or daytime to relax, read or watch TV. "Deeper darker shades are great for creating comfort, adding warmth and making you feel like you’re being hugged by your room whilst sitting on the sofa. "However, be mindful of the evening light and using table lamps, as artificial lights can often give off a yellow glow. "If you want the room to offer you uplift and serenity, opt for neutral or softer paler muted tones of pink, green and blue to create that sense of relaxation." For those who want to use the New Year as an opportunity for a fresh start, Emma suggested colours that would suggest this in the home. The colour that is most connected with a new start is green, according to the expert. She said: "It’s something about new growth in the early spring which gets everyone excited about the months ahead. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea "Pastel greens or green with a lot of yellow are all tones which remind us of the first buds of life on trees and flowers. "If you want your room to feel like a breath of fresh air, then we recommend going for bright and natural colours such as shades of yellow, green, blue and pinks. "All of these colours in their lighter tones embrace the hues of nature. "Because of this, they also have a calming effect on the mind and can be great for painting rooms where you want to relax and unwind – such as the lounge or bedroom."