I first heard about the Scrub Daddy product on Instagram, with cleaning influencers raving about the round, smiley face sponge and its female counterpart - the Scrub Mummy. Since then TikTok's #CleanTok hashtag has become awash with people testing out the sponge and even highlighting features you might not even realise about the sponge. Such is the case for @maddykate01, who creates videos testing hacks and reviewing products on her TikTok page. After watching her video about "life-changing" hacks using the Scrub Mummy, I decided to put the sponge to the test and see whether these tips really would make washing up easier. Scrub Daddy Original is a cleaning sponge made from FlexTexture, a material that changes texture based on your water temperature. This changing texture means that the sponge is capable of scrubbing away build-ups on tough-to-clean surfaces or becoming softer and more malleable for surfaces that require a gentle touch. The Scrub Mummy is the sister of the original sponge, a smiling scrubber adorned with a bow. As well as a Flex Texture side, the Scrub Mummy also features a ResoFoam sponge side which always stays soft. Scrub Daddy founder and CEO Aaron Krause has been inventing since he was a student, originally coming up with the smiley face shape when looking for a sponge to clean his hands. However, once he noticed the custom-made foam could change texture in water, he decided to test it out first on his lawn furniture, and then on the dishes. He later went on to appear on US television Shark Tank and the rest is history. The sponges are now a favourite of brand partner and cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch. READ MORE: Estate agent on the kitchen trend making a ‘big comeback’ According to the manufacturer, independent lab tests show the sponges are safe to be used on surfaces including aluminium, ceramic, chrome, copper, fibreglass, glass, non-stick coatings, brass and stainless steel, among others. For messes in need of extra scrubbing power, like burnt or sticky debris, a firm texture is best which can be achieved under cold water. Run under warm water for a soft texture, this is best for lighter cleaning jobs or when you need absorbency and soap suds. The smiling face is also ergonomic and fully functional. Simply place two fingers in Scrub Daddy or Mummy's eyes to reach the bottom of containers while also cleaning its sides. TikTok user @maddykate01 said: "Use the smile to easily clean both sides of spoons, spatulas and other utensils. Hold it like a bowling ball to get a good grip for deep cleans, or to get into cups. Use hot water to soften the foam, and hard water to harden it depending on what you are cleaning." DON'T MISSInterior expert urges homeowners to 'say goodbye' to popular trend [INSIGHT]Mum's 50p trick is a 'hard-working' tip to clean sinks [INTERVIEW]Mum's 'quick and easy solution' to combat toilet limescale [EXPLAINER]  &£       