Much of this misery memoir is already in the public domain since last week's Spanish leak of the book, and it makes for a dismal litany. Still, most families could survive the details of sibling scraps and warring sisters-in-law giving each other side-eye on parade.  But there's one aspect that takes Harry into a place of no return - his attack on Camilla, Queen Consort. In his most recent TV interviews to hype the book, it emerged that Harry has called her "the villain" and "dangerous", painted her as a social climber set on waging a "campaign aimed at marriage, and... the Crown, with Pa's blessing". He also dubbed her a source of leaked stories and an avid launderer of her reputation who sacrificed Harry's goodwill "on her personal PR altar". It's quite the attack.Yes, one should consider the tragic circumstances of his mother Diana's death, making it understandable both Harry and William had beseeched Charles not to marry Camilla. And in the latest interview, Harry did offer Camilla a small mercy in that he doesn't consider her an "evil stepmother", even adding that he had "a huge amount of compassion for her". He also summoned the spirit of his mother, by reiterating her line about Camilla being the "third person within my parents' marriage". But however he backpedals, the damage is done. It seems that once again, Harry has gone all out to injure his father's marriage to Camilla, and an attack of such public ferocity is bound to have lifelong consequences.  It was the news no one wanted to hear. Yesterday's strike talks between the Royal College of Nursing (RCN) and the Government, represented by Health Secretary Steve Barclay, failed once again. More strikes are now planned with the ambulance service out tomorrow and physiotherapists out later this week.As the colder weeks move grimly on, this conflict is becoming more entrenched.The Government will not change its position - nor will the RCN.And the losers are the patients, which in bitter January could mean the difference between life and death. The NHS negotiation does not need to be a war of attrition. Indeed, it could be an opportunity to recalibrate the NHS, with productivity and efficiency given priority. But this winter has special conditions, including the highest flu count in a decade and first cold spell free from Covid restrictions.An agreement must be reached for everyone's sakes.   Many of us will have had our mobile phones die mid-conversation and cursed our lack of foresight. Well, imagine how York Council felt when it was revealed that a whole fleet of electric dustcarts were sitting idle - and all because the council hadn't constructed charging points. The carts cost £8million to replace diesel trucks, and while £1.5million was budgeted to build chargers, they didn't quite happen, leaving vehicles immobile. And the ingenious excuses? That the dustcarts were bought early because of inflation. At least there's one bright spark at the council. 