Throughout the winter months many of us will be exposed to various winter illnesses such as colds and flu. While it is impossible to guarantee being fully protected against them, there are ways to minimise the risk of infection. An expert spoke with Express.co.uk to explain more. GP Doctor Nisa Aslam, from Puressentiel, advised on some natural ways to tackle said illnesses. She said: “Plants and their essential oils can play an important part in speeding up recovery, treating and preventing colds.” “Topical application of camphor, clove and menthol has been used for centuries in the treatment of colds and respiratory tract infections,” she said. “A 2022 study confirmed the benefits of camphor and menthol in easing nasal congestion, enabling more refreshing sleep and aiding recovery. READ MORE: Dr Mosley shares 'gentle' movement to help your brain 'function better' - 'Easy to do'  “They act on the local airways via so-called ‘cold air’ receptors such as TRPM8, helping air flow through the nasal passageways.” The study she referenced, published in Drugs in Context journal, said: “Whilst not affecting objective measures of nasal airway resistance, the use of aromatics leads to improvements in a number of subjective sensations associated with the common cold. “Such benefits result in better sleep, which likely aids recovery. “Therefore, aromatics remain a well tolerated and effective option for the symptomatic relief of upper respiratory tract infections.”   Dr Aslam said: “Eucalyptus in recent research has been found to have enormous potential for disease prevention and treatment, including respiratory disorders and infectious diseases. “The benefits of eucalyptus in respiratory disease can be attributed to its content of volatile aromatic compounds such as cineole. “A recent systematic review of 103 studies found that cineole is beneficial in the treatment of bronchitis, sinusitis and other respiratory infections and that the effects of eucalyptus in respiratory infections can be attributed to its anti-inflammatory and mucus inhibitory effects, reducing inflammation in the nasal and respiratory.” This study review concluded: “Preclinical and clinical studies have shown that the eucalyptus plant and its chemical constituents have enormous potential for disease prevention and treatment.” READ MORE: Three drinks that can help you fall asleep and boost sleep quality  “NASA research confirms that houseplants including English ivy and several palms remove toxins from the air,” she added. “English ivy has long been used in traditional medicine for easing lung congestion. “Amongst other house plants geranium has been shown in a 2021 review to reduce indoor air pollution and improve respiratory tract comfort. “Indoor air quality, with removal of toxins from the air, provides protection for the respiratory tract.  “In addition, immune health is linked to air quality and the viral and bacterial load in the air we breathe so maintaining good indoor quality is of significant value in preventing and combating respiratory tract infections.” The 2021 study referenced, championed the use of houseplants as air purifiers, but could not guarantee protection from airborne viruses such as COVID-19. “Several studies have shown that indoor plants enhance air quality, remove pollutants, and reduce bacterial and fungal infection spread, none of which were on airborne viruses,” it added. “The techniques by which plants purify the air are not fully understood, and limited research information is available discussing their role in controlling viral transmission.” 