The Duke of Sussex’s autobiography ‘Spare’ highlighted the rivalry he felt with his older brother growing up. The title of the memoir comes from the traditional phrase ‘the heir and the spare’, highlighting the idea that the first born would inherit and the spare would take their place in case anything happened to them. The father of two mentioned in the book and in interviews how he always felt that William was treated differently to him. In his memoir he wrote: “I was the shadow, the support, the Plan B. I was brought into the world in case something happened to Willy. “I was summoned to provide backup, distraction, diversion and, if necessary, a spare part. Kidney perhaps. Blood transfusion. Speck of bone marrow.” In another section, the 38-year-old told of how his brother was given the bigger side of their room at Balmoral. He said: ‘My half of the room was far smaller. Less luxurious. I never asked why. I didn’t care. But I also didn’t need to ask. Two years older than me, Willy was the Heir, whereas I was the Spare.” Now, Princess Diana’s butler Paul Burrell has told The Sun of things he saw while working for the royals in terms of their different treatment of the two brothers. Mr Burrell, 64, recounted an interaction between Prince Harry and his nanny about the number of sausages on his plate. The ex-butler told the newspaper that as he remembers his time at the Palace, he believes he saw “the dynamic at play”. READ MORE: Prince William 'has come to terms he's lost Prince Harry' He said: “One time I saw the nanny give William three sausages at breakfast and Harry had two. “And Harry would look at his plate and say, how come he gets three? And I only get two?” The nanny reportedly replied: “William needs filling up more than you. He’s going to be king one day.” Mr Burrell concluded: “Harry would fall quiet and suck it up, but that’s what he had to contend with, even in his own home.” DON'T MISS:Blow for Sunak as poll shows uphill battle he faces with voters (POLL)Putin humiliated as Russian troops vote to down arms and head home  (REVEAL)Keir Starmer squirms as Kuenssberg grills him on breaking key pledges (INSIGHT) The former palace staff member outlined his belief that Harry’s scathing memoir has emerged following a lifetime of playing the second to his brother. However, he stated that the Californian-based prince has “double standards” and has “lost the plot”. He added that Harry is someone he “does not recognise anymore” for causing so much pain which would leave his mother “appalled”. The Duke of Sussex said in his autobiography that his mother’s butler made his “blood boil” when he released his book ‘A Royal Duty’ 20 years ago and accused him of profiting from Diana’s tragic death. Express.co.uk has contacted the Sussexes for comment.