Another bout of “extreme and historic” storms is set to strike California tonight, prompting more flood warnings and fears of loss of life. After the first week of January brought two storms and at least six deaths, exteme weather events are expected to continue and will bring yet more misery to the Golden State. According to AccuWeather, a set of storms beginning from Sunday night will tap into the pressure system, “increasing the impacts and risks that can occur given the already saturated ground”. Chief Meteorologist Jon Porter noted this could make the next bought of storms “extreme and historic” in their impacts. One storm in the system is set to deluge California early in the new week, potentially leading to "catastrophic" flooding, in addition to widespread mudslides and road closures, forecasters say. "The impacts from this storm cannot be understated," AccuWeather Meteorologist Joe Bauer said. "Flooding from Northern to Central California is expected to be widespread, even catastrophic in some locations around the coastal mountains and the northern and central Sierra. “Given saturated ground, much of this water to runoff into rivers where more than a dozen monitored river locations are forecast to be above flood stage, even in the Central Valley," Bauer said. READ MORE: 'Bomb cyclone' set to slam California - what does that mean? As of 4.26am EST on Sunday, over 540,000 electric customers in California are without power. More than 341,000 customers in Sacramento Municipal Utility District are in the dark, as are 195,000 Pacific Gas and Electric customers. Motorists have also been strongly urged not to drive through flooded roads as the water may be deeper than it appears. In some areas, the road surface may have been completely washed away beneath floodwaters. The extreme weather affects have devastated California, however it has alleviated the states issues with drought. AccuWeather long-range experts believe the pattern of storms slamming is likely to remain in place through the middle of January, and “has already placed a significant dent in the drought”. Andrew Fisher, hydrogeologist and professor at UC Santa Cruz, told NPR however: “Some of it can be captured for later, but the short answer is it falls so quickly that we lack the ability to take that water and set it aside quickly enough in a place where we can store it for later. “The primary forms of storage for water in California are the snowpack, that typically accumulates annually, and then reservoirs behind dams, and then groundwater aquifers. “And the challenge is that when we get a lot of rainfall like this, it's not forming snowpack in lower areas. And reservoirs tend to fill up rather quickly. “Then we have aquifers, and they have space, but it's hard to get water where it needs to be so it can infiltrate into the ground. “And even then, it's hard to get it in fast enough.”