Kate Middleton, 41, wore a "power suit" tonight in central London, dressed in head-to-toe red. The Princess of Wales wore a red suit by Alexander McQueen tonight. Royals such as Grand Duchess Maria Teresa happen to own the McQueen "Leaf Crepe Drop Hem Jacket in Welsh Red". The blazer costs a whopping £1,390 on Net-A-Porter. The description says: "Tailoring is a key part of Alexander McQueen's DNA, which is why you'll discover immaculate cuts and modern silhouettes with edge in each collection. "Framed by padded, structured shoulders, this asymmetric blazer is made from smooth red crepe with peak lapels. "Style it as a suit with the matching red pants in our edit." READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert Kate's McQueen "Narrow Bootcut Trousers in Welsh Red" are described as: "Welsh red bootcut trousers in leaf crepe featuring side pockets and a back jet pocket. Finished with a concealed front fastening." These bootcut trousers cost a whopping £590 and look fabulous on Kate's slim figure. This means Kate's suit costs a £1,980 in total. The description continues: "Refresh your tailored collection with the Narrow Bootcut Trousers from Alexander McQueen. "Designed with a mid rise waist and concealed fastening, this pair is cut to a slim fit with a bootcut hem to create a refined silhouette.   "With twin hand pockets to the front and a welt pocket at the rear, this pair is finished in a burst of red with pressed creases down the middle of each leg." Kate accessorised with the "Florence earrings" in gold by the brand Chalk.  The statement earrings sell for £70 and are described as "acrylic and walnut with sterling silver fixings". The wesbite description continued: "The regal forms of these statement Florence Earrings take inspiration from the ornate details and geometry found within the main stage auditorium ceiling of the Royal Opera House, London. READ MORE: Kate Middleton diet: Doctor shares Duchess’ ‘secret’ to slim frame "The architecture of this historical building has been reimagined to create Chalk Jewellery's timeless Revival collection. "The Florence Earrings were worn by Kate Middleton, Duchess of Cambridge at the unveiling of the Windrush Memorial at Waterloo Station on Windrush Day 2022.  "Made with gold, caramel and pale coral acrylic set in walnut with sterling silver fixings." The Princess carried her beautiful red suede bag by Miu Miu.  The bow-embellished bag coordinated with the Princess' outfit beautifully. It retailed for £640, however, it is unfortunately no longer available to buy. For footwear, Kate wore her £595 Gianvito Rossi ‘Gianvito’ 105 Red Suede Pumps. Royal fans loved Kate's style and took to social media to praise the Princess. @toriaa_h wrote: "She said power suit!" @RoyallyBelle added: "Wow!" @hrrysgreysuit commented: "Gorgeous in red." @KaylaAdams_ added: "The Princess of Wales looks incredible tonight attending the pre-launch of her new early years' campaign! The suit is fire!"