The interview was met with a mixed reception, however some viewers appeared to spot a very odd detail behind Prince Harry, which made their "blood boil". King Charles III 's youngest son sat down with Tom Bradby, whom he has known for over two decades, to discuss some of the major reveals that the Duke has explored in his forthcoming memoir, which will hit the shelves on Tuesday. Some viewers of last night's interview took to Twitter to admit they had spotted an odd detail in the background of the ITV interview. A number of people confessed on Twitter they noticed the door handles were upside down. One user tweeted: "#HarryTheInterview the thing from this interview that is really making my blood boil. Who puts the door handles on uoside down!! Just can't concentrate on anything else!". Another person tweeted: "Just starting #HarryTheInterview and before its actually started I'm already annoyed... the door handles are upside down". READ MORE: 'Oh s**t!' Harry had to tell Meghan about William fight after she saw cuts on his back In repsonse to that user's tweet, another person replied: "Oh yeah!! Well spotted (it's annoying me now...)". In the interview, one claim which caused attention was what Harry had to say about his family in response to an earlier made claim, in 2021. Harry denied labelling the Royal Family as racist, almost two years from the couple's interview with Oprah Winfrey which saw the couple accuse an unnamed member of the Royal Family of questioning the colour of their then-unborn son's skin. In March 2021, the couple shocked the world, and Oprah, by revealing that conversations had happened behind closed doors when a member of the family had spoke of "concerns" over Archie's skin colour, prior to his birth in May 2019. READ MORE: Prince Harry claims Royal Family 'missed an opportunity' when Meghan Markle quit In Sunday's interview for ITV, Harry addressed his past comments for the first time. He said the Royal Family were not guilty of racism but of "unconscious bias". When asked by Tom Bradby whether he had accused the Royal Family of racism in the 2021 interview, Harry replied: "no I didn't", adding the "British media said that". In the interview, Harry claimed that his brother, Prince William and his sister-in-law Kate had not got along "from the get-go", adding that there was "lot of different reasons" for their strained relationship. DON'T MISS Some people also took to Twitter to announce that they had to switch off Harry's ITV interview, with some labelling it "nauseating". Taking to Twtter, Autumn Summers wrote: "See how long I can watch this before I launch the TV out the window #HarryTheInterview." Nicola Kilduff wrote: "6 minutes in. I'm not sure who's more nauseating, Bradby or Harry." She added: "Harry unashamedly dining out on his mother's death, again. Wonder who's made more money out of it now. The Paparazzi or Harry #HarryTheInterview." As well as the ITV interview, Sunday also saw Harry's 60 Minutes inteview with Anderson Cooper air on NBC. Harry's memoir will be released on January 10.