Lewis Hamilton has admitted he often thinks about quitting F1 despite promising to remain in the sport for a few more years. The Mercedes driver claimed he sometimes wakes up and feels he doesn't want to continue with F1. Hamilton admitted there were still “other things” he wanted to achieve in life after spending 15 years in the sport. He told German newspaper Bild: “Sometimes you wake up and have this feeling: I don't want to do this anymore. “And sometimes you wake up and think: I can still do other things my whole life, there is definitely more I want to achieve.” However, Hamilton has recently said he will sign a new deal with Mercedes. He reiterated his desire to remain in F1 for a short period of time, hinting that any new deal would likely be his last. READ MORE: Mercedes blamed by F1 chief for rule change Hamilton added: “It won't be a terribly long time now, but I'll definitely be staying.” There were rumours Hamilton considered quitting F1 after the controversial end to the 2021 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix where Max Verstappen stole the title on the final lap. The British star admitted he had “lost faith” in the system but refused to let the controversy define him. Back in October, Hamilton said he would be looking at signing a multi-year deal with the Silver Arrows. Hamilton even stressed he was not putting a limit on his F1 future as there was still a lot he wanted to achieve with Mercedes. However, the seven-time champion revealed he would be prepared to walk away if he lost interest in racing. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton left 'devastated' after Ken Block dies in accident [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen puzzled by Lewis Hamilton crash woes as he aims jibe [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton given warning as Damon Hill explains 'uphill battle' [COMMENT] He told Sky Sports F1: “Each year you have to ask yourself if you're willing to give as much if not more than you did when you first started. Are you willing to give up all your time to prepare and train and work with the team and deliver? "If there's ever a moment that I'm arriving and I'm just coasting along, then that's when I don't belong here, and don't deserve the position here, and that's when I should stop. “I question myself as to whether I'm able to do that and whether I want to do that, and the answer is yes. We obviously have a championship that we need to get back, and I love the mission and that challenge with my team."