Shocking images show a car impaled on more than 20 feet of guardrail after crashing on a busy motorway. The driver of the two-door black sedan - the only person inside the vehicle at the time of collision - “miraculously” escaped the wreck with minor injuries.   Firefighters and police were pictured attending the write off where a steel guardrail penetrated the right front light through to the back left side of the boot. The crash occurred on Boxing Day at Interstate 384, an eight-mile road near the small town of Manchester, Connecticut in the US. The huge piece of metal, exiting above the back left wheel, protruded at least 20 feet into the stretch of road, firefighters said.  Emergency services blocked off the area while removing the car, using a circular saw to separate the guardrail. The front end was completely destroyed in the collision, while the driver was taken to hospital with minor injuries. Sharing the images on Facebook, Manchester Fire and Rescue EMS said: “Shift One operated on Interstate 384 this afternoon at this single vehicle accident which caused the guardrail to separate and then impaled the vehicle. READ MORE: New York horror - Police officer stabbed in head with machete on NYE  “The steel guardrail travelled through the passenger compartment, between both front seats and then exited the rear, extending approximately 20 ft beyond it. “Miraculously, the occupant suffered only minor injuries and were transported to a local hospital with fire department paramedics.” The crash followed a similar incident in Ohio on Christmas Eve. DON'T MISS: Two men die after shooting each other in row at work, police say [INSIGHT]Neighbours of Idaho murder suspect say he kept a low profile [SPOTLIGHT]Ex-friend of Idaho murder suspect - 'We used to run together' [REPORT]  A driver was left trapped after a steel barrier penetrated through the front end of their vehicle near the village of Minerva. A passenger was able to climb out of the wreck, likely caused by winter weather conditions, according to emergency services. The red car is pictured jammed on the railguard on the snowy route. 