The Duke of Sussex claimed his family "competed" for the most appearances in the Royal Family's official diary, the Guardian reports. In a comment piece royal editor Camilla Tominey said the prince "ridiculed" his family for striving against one another for the most engagements in the Court Circular, the official record of royal engagements, in the Duke's new book 'Spare'. Ms Tominey said Harry's judgment has been "clouded" after "six years spent with someone who openly mocks the idea of curtseying to Queen Elizabeth II – combined with living a Santa Barbara life of sun salutations and soya-milk lattes." She said: "At one point in the memoir, Harry ridicules the fact that his relatives competed for the most appearances in the Court Circular, the official diary of royal engagements, as if it is somehow a bad thing for a member of the monarchy to be hard-working." Ms Tominey went on to slam the Duke and Duchess of Sussex for their antics since leaving the Royal Family in March 2020, saying the public wants their royals "on walkabouts, not The Oprah Winfrey Show". She continued: "They want stoicism and stability, not raw emotions. "And they want hard graft, not cashing in. That’s what the royals get rewarded for – in public support and taxpayer funds – and why Harry gets punished in the opinion polls for being against those values." READ MORE:Prince Harry’s book revelations ‘like those of a B-list celeb' Leaked extracts from the book detail the rift between Prince Harry and his family. In an interview ahead of the book's release, Harry revealed he is open to reconciling with his family, but said it cannot happen without "some accountability". But Ms Tominey said the Duke's "war on the monarchy has backfired so spectacularly". Pages from 'Spare' also share personal details from the Duke's life, including how many soldiers he killed during his two tours of Afghanistan. Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace both declined to comment on any of the allegations. Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10th.