Putting money aside is likely to be a New Year’s Resolution for many, particularly amid the cost of living crisis. However, people may not know where to begin when it comes to meeting savings goals. Salman Haqqi, savings expert at money.co.uk, explained one challenge which could help people save money. He said: “A great way to challenge yourself to save more this year is to participate in the envelope challenge. Often saving money can seem like a chore, so the new year can be a good time to try out new methods and reset our savings goals. “The envelope method involves writing the numbers one to 100 inside 100 different envelopes and each week, two random envelopes are picked. You then have to put away the amount written on the inside of each; for example, if you picked 20 and seven, you would save £27 that week. “If you stay consistent, before the end of the year you would save £5,050. While following the challenge, I would encourage savers to deposit or transfer each sum into their savings account in order to keep their cash secure and let it gain interest.” READ MORE: Rishi Sunak’s plan to cut inflation won’t 'ease squeeze' Mr Haqqi explained this method can help people be strict with how much they are saving - and not to dip below what they originally intended to put away. However, he warned the method may not be suitable for everyone, as saving different sums of money each week could make it difficult to manage monthly finances. He added: “If you are already in a routine of receiving a salary and paying direct debits, it’s important to assess what works best for you based on your own financial situation.” For those hoping to save in different ways, Lucinda O’Brien, also a savings expert at money.co.uk, looked at alternatives. DON'T MISSHMRC expected to get ‘much tougher’ on tax bills in 2023 [INSIGHT]Britons need ‘at least £33,600’ for ‘comfortable’ retirement [UPDATE]850,000 pensioners could miss out on £900 cash boost this year [ANALYSIS] Ms O’Brien explained: “When building yourself a savings plan, the first thing to consider is what this money will be going towards. If it is for a first-time house deposit or retirement, then opening a Lifetime ISA is a good option to consider. “This is because if your goal is to have £5,000 put away each year, you actually only need to save £4,000 of your own money. "The Government will add a 25 percent tax-free bonus, meaning savings of £4,000 will automatically be topped up by an extra £1,000 each year. This is ideal if you’re wanting to save £5,000 exactly as the maximum you can deposit into a Lifetime ISA is £4,000 a year.” However, people should always be aware money from a Lifetime ISA can only be withdrawn without a charge if a person is buying their first home, or if individuals are over 60. Those who want to withdraw for other reasons will be hit with a 25 percent penalty - which could cost more than the Government added in the first place. READ MORE: Check state pension before deadline as it could make you thousands In efforts to save little and often, keeping track of supermarket receipts could help. Individuals can make a note of their “savings”, usually printed at the bottom of the receipt. Small multibuys or reduced items might only result in a few pounds of savings at the time, but depositing these into an account every time one goes shopping could make a big difference eventually. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Ms O’Brien suggests trying a ‘no spend weekend’ once every other month, where people keep their weekend cost-free. This could include games nights, free museums, a hike or an at-home spa day. Individuals could even try using their leftover food from the week to keep Saturday and Sunday completely spend free. Ms O’Brien explained: “You could also spend your weekend starting the 1p challenge, involving saving 1p on day one, 2p on day two, and so forth till day 365. “By the end of the year, you could make over £650!”