Mould is not only unaesthetic when it appears in your home, it can also pose a potential danger to your health if not dealt with quickly. However, many mould-killing products on the market contain chemicals which are not safe to breathe in and may be irritating if they come into contact with the skin. For those looking to move away from chemical-based cleaning products in the home, an Australian mum-of-two has an all-natural solution that she claims "does the hard work" to "remove mould and prevent it coming back". Chantel Mila, who shares lifestyle tips and hacks on her Instagram account @mama_mila_au shared a video showing off her "DIY mould remover spray". She said: "Have you tried this DIY mould remover spray yet? "This DIY has been my go-to for a while - not only does it remove the mould but it helps kill the spores which prevents it coming back for longer". READ MORE: Interior designer on the 'biggest colour for homes in 2023' For this hack, Chantel uses a combination of essential oils and white vinegar to create a mould-busting spritz. The acidity of white vinegar is the key component in killing some forms of mould. Household white vinegar typically contains about five to eight percent acetic acid, according to Healthline. As a result, it can be a cheap and effective treatment for many types of mould that may grow in and around your home. According to a 2015 study. researchers found vinegar made out of four- to 4.2-percent vinegar acetic acid was effective at treating Penicillium chrysogenum but not Aspergillus fumigatus. Both are common household moulds. Chantel adds "one cup of mild vinegar" to a spray bottle, as well as "20 drops of clove oil". DON'T MISSEasy mop method to safely clean 'very mouldy' ceilings in your home [EXPLAINER]Four garden plants to always prune in winter [INSIGHT]Jayne Torvill’s quiet life in beautiful East Sussex market town [REVEALED] She described clove oil as "anti-fungal and kills mould spores". Experts from Mould Men back up this claim. They explained: "While clove oil won't permanently kill mould, its high level of anti-fungal properties makes it one of the best natural remedies for mould prevention." A 2017 study published in the National Library of Medicine looked at several essential oils and found that clove oil was the most effective at stopping the growth of a range of fungi. To the mixture, Chantel also adds "20 drops of tea tree oil" which she says will "help prevent the mould from returning". Before getting to work making the spray, however, Chantel said it is important to read the ingredients of any essential oils you use. She said: "Always read the bottle to make sure if essential oils are right for you - some can’t be used around pets, small children or pregnancy." It's also important not to make a DIY cleaning solution in a bottle which previously held other cleaning products, as this could be dangerous. The mum continued: "Spray and leave for 20 minutes while the spray does the hard work." In her video, Chantel then uses a brush to scrub away any existing spores and then reveals her clean, mould-free shower. While the hack is a simple way to deal with small amounts of mould, she added: "Always consult a professional if you have a large amount of mould in your home."