Father Brown has returned to BBC One for season 10 and it has welcomed two newcomers. Claudie Blakley stars as Mrs Isobel Devine and Ruby-May Martinwood has been promoted to series regular as Brenda Palmer. Hugo Speer said goodbye to the cast during season eight, as Inspector Valentine. Inspector Valentine formed part of the original cast and he went on to have a number of successors. The inspector was head of the local police force who secretly admired Father Brown (Mark Williams). However, his admiration was conflicted with a deep frustration at the priest's unpredictable ways. The inspector was keen to work amicably with the priest his unorthodox ways often left Valentine scolded. READ MORE: Jack Deam has stepped down from Father Brown as Inspector Mallory Still, over the years he learned to respect Father Brown's methods and admitted he would miss him when he left. He was promoted to Detective Chief Inspector and moved to London but returned in the final episode of series eight, The Tower of Lost Souls. It appears the actor left the series to move on to pastures new including the series London Kills and Shadow and Bone. He also appeared in the film Trick or Treat as the comedian. Viewers may be interested to hear the actor also played the first-ever cop in Death in Paradise. The first British police officer in the detective series is DI Charlie Hulme. When the star's character returned to Father Brown, he seemed to be a changed man. The episode ended with him hiking with the priest and giving him a police badge. DON'T MISS... Sorcha Cusack has left Father Brown as Mrs McCarthy after 10 years [EXPLAINER] Father Brown season 10 will have some intriguing cases [INSIGHT] Father Brown returns for a new series with some fresh cast members [EXPLAINER] Inspector Valentine was replaced by Inspector Sullivan, played by Tom Chambers. He was first introduced at the start of the second series and marked the start of a long line of successors. The job then went to Inspector Mallory (Jack Deam), who left ahead of the new season. Actor Speer went on to have a fruitful career since his first appearance in the series in 2013. He starred as a series regular in The Musketeers, playing Minister Treville. Following this, he played Lucius in the series Britannia and Frank Young in the detective series Marcella. The 53-year-old married Vivienne Harvey in 2015 and he has a daughter called Nico Belle. Other cast members to leave Father Brown over the years include Keith Osborn as Sergeant Albright and Kasia Koleczek as "Susie" Jasinski.  Father Brown airs on BBC One on Fridays