The Environment Agency has issued a flood warning for parts of the River Thames, with some homes near Oxford at risk from rising water levels. The alert covers both the River Thames and its tributaries at Sandford and Radley. According to the Oxford Mail, homeowners are being advised to monitor the situation, with Oxfordshire Fire and Rescue Service posting online, "Flood water can contain hidden hazards and is dangerous, don't let children play in it." The alert was issued by the Environment Agency Flood Warning System, which is currently automated due to industrial action. It initially warns that flooding "is expected" in the area, as well as a risk to properties from flood water. It goes on to state: "Please take action to protect yourself and your property and monitor local weather and river conditions." "Avoid contact with, walking or driving through flood water." "Consider activating any property flood protection products you may have."   There are three levels of warning issued in the UK - a flood alert (meaning the public should prepare for the possibility of flooding), a flood warning (which requires action as flooding is expected), and a rarer severe flood warning, which can advise of a higher level of risk. The Environment agency currently has 19 flood warnings in place. Flood warnings have also been issued recently for Lower Frome, from East Stoke to Wareham, and Slad Brook. 72 flood alerts, which are less severe, are also currently active. READ MORE: Hundreds of homes on flood alert as heavy rain lashes UK However, ten flood warnings have also been removed over the last 24 hours. The Environment Agency uses around 3,500 measuring stations to monitor water levels across the UK. The stations are mainly positioned around the coast and along main rivers. A floodline is also operated to offer advice, and is available 24/7 on 0345 988 1188. DON'T MISS: The news comes after the Met Office issued several weather warnings over the New Year's Eve weekend, with a rare amber alert put in place for southwest Scotland. Much of the UK saw a rainy and windy start to the year, with a total of three yellow weather warnings also issued on Friday and bad weather seen in many places across the weekend. However, there are currently no weather warnings in place for this week.