The Australian Open crowd were heard booing as Novak Djokovic confronted the chair umpire about the shot clock. The fourth seed was going to collect his towel when he was left confused by the rules of the time between points, confronting Damien Dumusois before sarcastically congratulating him for his decision. Djokovic was left unhappy with the umpire during his Australian Open semi-final after going to his towel box while serving for the first set at 5-1. The nine-time Aussie Open champion didn't understand why Dumusois started the shot clock before he went to his towel with the French official telling him that was "not the way it works". The Serb then approached his chair to discuss the issue as the Rod Laver Arena crowd began loudly booing, drowning out what the umpire was telling Djokovic. "The ball kids are not allowed to give me the towel," the 35-year-old pointed out. "Tell me how it works if it’s not working. It’s the first time that I’m going to get the towel this game. You start the clock before I touch the towel." And he threw in a snarky comment as he walked away, adding: "Well done." JUST IN: Robson calls out 'inexcusable' Court comments in Aus Open broadcast  And the lapse of concentration appeared to cost Djokovic, as he was broken by the American for the first time while attempting to close out the set, having had a set point just before airing his grievances with the chair umpire. The world No 5 continued to struggle for the next few games as Paul won four in a row to find himself level at 5-5, with Djokovic getting broken for a second time while serving for the set. "Again, Djokovic marking the umpire," commentator Simon Reed said on Eurosport. Tim Henman added: "It surprises me that with Djokovic's experience, he's up 5-1, he's in total control, that he can be bothered to engage with the umpire at that stage." DON'T MISSCoco Gauff comes out swinging after helping Aus Open billionaireRafael Nadal provides injury update with 'new tests' to take placeNovak Djokovic 'won't miss Roger Federer' as Nadal rivalry heats up  "It was like he got a warning," Reed agreed. "No, just obviously a bit of a debate about when the shot clock is started," Henman added. Djokovic was then able to recover, breaking Paul at 6-5 to finally take the opening set after 59 minutes as he put his hand to his ear to spur on the crowd as they cheered him on following the earlier boos.