Arsenal could be set to face the same problem in any bid to sign Barcelona winger Raphinha as they did in their failed attempt to land Mykhaylo Mudryk before losing out at the hands of Chelsea. The Gunners had reportedly identified Mudryk as their top target for the January window and submitted three concrete offers for the 22-year-old but were left reeling on Saturday when Chelsea swooped in with an £88million proposal to snatch him from under their noses. Arsenal are now on the lookout for alternative targets and have seemingly taken a liking to Raphinha, who they admired over the summer but failed to bring to the Emirates Stadium before Barcelona snapped him up from Leeds United. The Gunners have been tipped to reignite their pursuit of the Brazilian wide man before the end of this month but could seemingly be forced to pay a mega-money fee in order to secure his services.Barcelona are only willing to sell Raphinha to Arsenal for a transfer fee in the region of £88m, according to Sport, given the length of his contract at the Nou Camp and his potential to improve despite having failed to impress over the first half of the campaign. This is the same figure that Arsenal were not prepared to pay in exchange for Mudryk, with their stance thus far having been to avoid paying drastically over the odds for new players in January.It remains to be seen whether the Gunners will take a similar approach regarding their hopes of landing Raphinha, although they could be set for the embarrassment of another unsuccessful pursuit if they decide to restrict their spending power by refusing to meet Barcelona's valuation of the player. JUST IN: Newcastle helped by strange rule as Mitrovic Fulham penalty ruled out A number of other possible targets have been linked with Arsenal over the last few days, including the likes of Villarreal ace Yeremy Pino and Crystal Palace wide man Wilfried Zaha, who will be a free agent at the end of the current season as things stand. However, it seems as though Raphinha is closer to the top of Mikel Arteta's wishlist and could potentially be tempted to return to England after a less-than-impressive spell in Spain with his current employers.Arsenal director Edu has made no secret of his admiration for the Barcelona man in previous interviews, with the 44-year-old revealing over the summer that he asked the forward's agent, Deco, to keep him in the loop regarding Raphinha's availability prior to his move to the Catalan giants. Edu told Sky Sports: "I just said to Deco, ‘Can you explain to me the situation with Raphinha?’ and he was clear, ‘Edu, we have a good relationship but I’m not going to lie to you, his idea is to go to Barcelona because he’s dreaming to go to Barcelona, and we’ve been talking to Barcelona since a long time ago'."[I said] 'Okay, thank you very much, if something happens then just let me know because I can explore and understand the situation. If not, no problem and we carry on with our relationship'." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.