A father-of-four has been accused of spiking the vape of a woman he met online and killing her, courts heard today. Christopher Downes, 53, faces accusations of manslaughter for allegedly putting the painkiller Oxycodone in 55-year-old Kim Harrop's vape fluid. Sheffield Crown Court heard that the woman was found dead in Downes' bed at his seaside chalet in Anthony's Bank, Humberston Fitties after they first met in person. Ms Harrop died during her first in-person meet-up with Downes on April 22, 2018, weeks after the two connected online. Police found her body in Downes' bed the same day, and a coroner's report later discovered traces of Oxycodone in her blood. Downes was accused of delaying a call to emergency services to resuscitate Ms Harrop. Officers visiting his residence on June 14, 2018, found a bottle of the drug. Appearing in court, Downes denied spiking Ms Harrop's drink or vape fluid and claimed his late girlfriend - who he said suffered from cancer - left behind supplies of the drug when she died in January of that year. He denied having "stockpiled" anything and insisted he had "no reason whatsoever" to kill her when questioned by defence lawyer Naeem Mian KC. The court also heard that he denied being "over-keen" to discover her cause of death, adding he "wanted to be cleared of all blame". He said: "Of course I was keen. This woman passed away under my roof." "I was the only other person there. I was very keen to find out why she had died. I was the only other person present. "I wanted to be cleared of all blame." Downes insisted that he "kept absolutely everything" to assist with a following inquest. He admitted to Mr Mian that he had taken the drug "on a few occasions" to assist with pain from a tooth abscess. He added the delay in calling 999 was because he "did not have a working phone" as the batteries in his two phones were depleted. Mr Mian said the prosecution had claimed Downes deleted data during the delay, but Downes rejected this, stating he "had no memory" of deleting anything. He also rejected claims he had lied about the cause of Ms Harrop's death, stating he was "asked for my opinion". Downes, who has four daughters aged between 11 and 30, agreed with Mr Mian when he suggested he sent a message to his brother stating he "hoped to be exonerated".