Hollywood has "had enough" of "increasingly toxic" Harry and Meghan, according to a commentator after sources claimed the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were "not welcome" at a star-studded event in LA. According to the source, London executives decided it would be a "PR disaster". The pair reportedly did not make the guestlist for the BAFTA Tea Party in Hollywood on Saturday following the fallout from Harry's tell-all memoir Spare. Reacting to the report, Washington-based commentator Nile Gardiner said: "Even Hollywood has had enough of increasingly toxic Harry and Meghan." A Bafta insider claimed London executives rejected the prospect of inviting the Sussexes. The Sun's source - a Bafta consultant - told them: "Bafta decided it was a terrible idea. They thought it would be a PR disaster." READ MORE: Duchess blasted for her 'uncharacteristic' no-show since Spare release They added: "So for them to roll out the red carpet to Harry and his wife would be like setting off a nuclear bomb. It's a no-go." However, officially a spokesman for Bafta said "categorically" the Sussexes' attendance "was not discussed whatsoever". He added: "The BAFTA Tea Party in LA is for those involved in this year’s film awards season, so film awards contenders and nominees." The star-studded event, which was hosted at the Four Seasons hotel in Beverly Hills, included Hollywood icons Cate Blanchett and Kate Hudson. DON'T MISSOne dead and four injured after shooting outside club [REPORT]Man found alive after two days 'at bottom of sea' [INSIGHT]Idaho murder suspect's social media posts show lack of empathy [LATEST] Harry's tell-all memoir contains a series of bombshell claims about the Royal Family. In light of these claims and the controversial remarks made by Harry in recent interviews, US public opinion is increasingly turning against the Sussexes, claimed Mr Gardiner. He told Express.co.uk: "There has been a significant amount of interest in the US from what Harry has said but not as much that perhaps was anticipated. READ MORE: Harry says 'I don't want world to know' on feud with Charles & William "While the passing of the Queen dominated the US news networks for about two weeks, Harry's book and his relentless attacks against the Royal Family have received limited coverage. "Harry isn't a popular figure in America, and nor is Meghan Markle. The Queen was massively popular in the US so he is increasingly seen as a negative and whining character in the US. "The American public is starting to turn against both Harry and Meghan." He added: "They are now seen as endlessly whining Hollywood-style celebrities. Most Americans see through them for what they are. "Harry was once a very popular figure in America but now he has a narrow band of supporters among the liberal elites." Harry's book, Spare, has become the United Kingdom's fastest-selling non-fiction book ever. Officially a spokesman for Bafta said the Sussexes' attendance "was not discussed whatsoever". They added: "The BAFTA Tea Party in LA is for those involved in this year’s film awards season, so film awards contenders and nominees." Express.co.uk has also contacted Archewell for comment about the claims