Arsenal maestro Martin Odegaard gave Tottenham a lesson on linking midfield to attack on Sunday as the visitors sealed bragging rights with a convincing north London derby win. With the Gunners now sitting eight points clear at the top of the Premier League, they are well on course to proving rival boss Pep Guardiola right... Arsenal ace shows Spurs what they're missing Odegaard has been one of Arsenal's standout performers since being handed the captain's armband in a major vote of confidence from Mikel Arteta. The former Real Madrid wonderkid looked as sharp as ever on enemy territory, stinging the hands of Hugo Lloris in the first half before burying a later effort in the bottom corner. A player of his style and calibre is exactly what Tottenham were missing in Sunday's derby as their starting attacking trio of Harry Kane, Dejan Kulusevski and Heung-min Son struggled to get into the game. Odegaard excels at linking midfield and attack, while Spurs have been left wanting in that department. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Potter clearly needs Mudryk despite Crystal Palace win  Guardiola may be right Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola raised eyebrows on Saturday by claiming that he 'does not care' if City lose the Premier League title to Arsenal, adding 'we cannot win'. Some still expect the Sky Blues to mount a comeback with the season at its halfway point, but Arsenal's latest triumph could prove the ex-Barcelona manager correct. City's slip-up against bitter rivals United, coupled with the Gunners' derby win, extends the gap at the top of the table to eight points. Stranger things have happened in the Premier League than Guardiola's side scraping back the deficit, but with the way the two sides are playing, Arteta and co may be even further ahead in a few weeks' time. DON'T MISS...Mudryk hails two things about Chelsea in first comment since joiningArsenal 'irritated behind the scenes' after Mudryk seals Chelsea moveMykhaylo Mudryk announced by Chelsea vs Crystal Palace Spurs' usual suspects flop Conte's three-at-the-back system with two steady midfielders to screen the backline places a lot of emphasis on Tottenahm's attacking trio to provide the threat themselves. Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg and Pape Matar Sarr are both accomplished passers and solid defenders but they don't have the attributes to strike fear into the Arsenal defence. Spurs were always likely to be in trouble, therefore, when their usual suspects of Kane, Son and Kulusevski had an off day in the derby. Despite his devastating record in the fixture, Kane struggled to make his usual impact, while Son was reminiscent of a player wildly out of form and Kulusevski resembled a player who has not played much football of late - which, in his defence, is true. Conte given new transfer incentive Veteran goalkeeper Hugo Lloris will be approaching his 38th birthday by the time his Tottenham contract expires in 2024. There have been murmurs that Conte will look to phase in his long-term replacement at the end of the current campaign, with Jordan Pickford and David Raya reportedly being eyed. The Italian was given a fresh incentive to do just that on Sunday as Lloris' howler allowed Arsenal to take the lead. Bukayo Saka's powerful cross was a testing one but the Frenchman's clumsy swipe at the ball embarrassingly diverted it into his own net. 