A furious TV presenter has slammed a council after she received a parking ticket when she had to rush her young child to hospital. Nicky John, a live football presenter on S4C's Sgorio in Wales, was hit with a fine when she took her daughter to an appointment at Ysbyty Gwynedd in Bangor.  In a series of tweets, she said there was a "pathetic" lack of parent and child spaces at the hospital, reports North Wales Live. As a result, she was forced to walk across an icy car park, carrying two bags and her young daughter, when taking her for oncology treatment on January 17. John claimed there are just six parking spaces reserved for parents and children, which meant she was forced to find alternative parking.  In the tweets (which have been translated from Welsh), John said: "I think it is an absolute disgrace that whoever is responsible for Ysbyty Gwynedd's car parks thinks that half a dozen parking spaces for 'parent and child' is suitable! "Had to walk along an icy road from the far car park with 2 bags and Emi this morning - 1/2." "And if a child who is receiving treatment because she is an oncology patient does not count as a candidate for one of the disabled parking places, then bloody hell, I don't know who is!!" In a tweet to Gwynedd Council, she wrote: "What the Holy F*** is THIS @CyngorGwynedd???!! A ticket for having to rush a child into the hospital and not having to park in the far area because you have 6 paltry pathetic sites for children and parents outside where the children's ward is??" After receiving support from her followers, John said she would be contacting Cyngor Gwynedd to work on a solution. She wrote: "I will contact them to discuss, I'm sure there will be a way to resolve this, but that was one kick too many after a long day in hospital yesterday!" A Cyngor Gwynedd spokesperson said: "The council carries out parking enforcement work on behalf of the Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board to ensure that Ysbyty Gwynedd’s car parks are safe for all visitors and motorists. "We appreciate that it can be a challenging time for those motorists using the car-parks to visit the hospital. "Anyone who believes they have been issued a parking ticket unfairly can lodge an appeal by following the advice on their ticket. "We will pass on the concerns regarding the number of Parent and Child parking spaces at Ysbyty Gwynedd to the relevant officers at the Betsi Cadwaladr Health Board."