Lula celebrated his third time becoming Brazil’s President by defeating far-right President Jair Bolsonaro. While a number of Brazilians welcomed Lula back into office with open arms largely due to his views on climate change and Indigenous communities, many did not. Bolsonaro’s supporters accuses Lula of corruption after a Supreme Court judge annulled Lula’s corruption convictions which opened up his ability to run for presidency. Brazil’s President was convicted after an investigation into a bribery scandal which was dubbed ‘Operation Car Wash’. However, Supreme Court Justice Edson Fachin said that the court convicted Lula without the necessary jurisdiction. Now, 400 far-right Bolsonaro supporters have reportedly been arrested after storming Congress, the Supreme Court, and the Presidential Palace. At around 15:30pm local time, it was reported by Brazilian media that the buildings were invaded, but at around 6:30 pm local time, security forces were able to retake the three buildings. The governor of Brasília, Ibaneis Rocha said that by 9pm 400 people had been arrested and added: “We continue working to identify all the others who participated in these terrorist acts this afternoon in the Federal District. We continue to work to restore order.” Lula has subsequently announced a federal security intervention in the Capital lasting until the end of the month. Brazil’s President blamed poor security and said that authorities enabled “fascists” and “fanatics” to wreak havoc. READ MORE: UK public have lost trust in Prince Harry, new poll shows (POLL) He said: “These vandals, who we could call…fanatical fascists, did what has never been done in the history of this country. “All these people who did this will be found and they will be punished.” He later directly blamed Bolsonaro saying: “Everybody knows there are various speeches of the ex-president encouraging this.” The outbreak of violence and unrest has been compared to the January 6 Capitol Hill riots in Washington amid the transfer of power between Donald Trump and Joe Biden. President Biden tweeted: “I condemn the assault on democracy and on the peaceful transfer of power in Brazil. DON'T MISS:Harry and William wanted to reopen Diana’s inquest  (REVEAL)Piers Morgan says Prince Harry is the unhappiest ‘happy man’  (INSIGHT)Harry watched videos of Diana online ‘hoping to cry’ (INSIGHT) “Brazil’s democratic institutions have our full support, and the will of the Brazilian people must not be undermined. “I look forward to continuing work with @lulaoficial.” Meanwhile, US Senator Elizabeth Warren tweeted: “The violent attack on democracy in Brazil is eerily reminiscent of the insurrection on January 6th. “The people of Brazil voted in a free and fair election and deserve a peaceful transfer of power. “I condemn this violence and stand in solidarity in defence of democracy.”