Carrick was meant to be a protector of society. In reality, he was a vicious, bullying predator of women, who exploited his police badge to establish his hold over his targets. During his 17 years with the Met, he conducted a long reign of torture and abuse, which resulted in no fewer than 71 sex crimes, including 48 rapes. He should have been put behind bars years ago, but he remained in uniform due to the failings of the Met to investigate him properly despite all the evidence, just as Wayne Couzens went unchallenged before the killing of Sarah Everard. This week Sir Mark Rowley, the Commissioner for the Met, was full of apologies and promises of action to refashion his troubled organisation. He certainly has his work cut out. As he admitted, more than 800 officers are now to be investigated. This is not just a few rotten apples, but an entire poisoned orchard. But the pressure for change must not be confined to the police. The repugnant behaviour of Carrick is a reflection of the wider tsunami of brutal misogyny in our society. It is a sickness that highlights a fundamental paradox at the heart of modern Britain, where our political class talks about the advance of equality, yet presides over a nation where women are still subjected to depressing levels of intimidation and cruelty. According to a Home Office study, one in five women over the age of 16 has experienced some form of sexual violence. Part of the explanation is that, for all the institutional rhetoric about zero tolerance, our civic culture is awash with inhumanity towards women. Feminine characteristics are grotesquely sexualized and held up for ridicule by drag artists, just as too many transgender activities want to airbrush the very concept of womanhood out of the public discourse. On television, female fear of stalkers, kidnappers, and even murderers is treated as mainstream entertainment. Once rightly regarded as a dark perversion, the practices of bondage, domination and sadomasochism (BDSM) are now celebrated through books and films like 50 Shades of Grey, in which an abusive relationship is presented as a form of enticing romance and submission to a twisted control freak is absurdly hailed as empowerment. The website of women’s magazine Cosmopolitan trumpets “15 BDSM movies you can stream right now” to have “you gasping along with the characters on the screen”. This kind of decadence not only feeds the brute arrogance of figures like Carrick and Couzens, but also encourages the warped belief that sexual pleasure should be associated with pain and degradation. It is little wonder that more than half of women in one survey reported that they have been throttled during sex, a frightening statistic given that 77 women are killed on average every year in Britain by their partners or ex-partners. This worrying trend has been given even more impetus by two other factors. One is the ubiquity of pornography, thanks to the advent of the internet. What used to be confined to the top shelf is now available at the home and the workplace. As porn becomes increasingly prevalent, so it descends into ever more extreme imagery. A study of porn films on 304 websites – just published by the group Violence Against Women – showed that 88 percent of them had scenes of beating, hair-pulling, and choking. On one hand, the internet may have helped to promote knowledge and information, but it has also unleashed a flood of misogynistic filth, with dire consequences for women’s safety. The other is the fashionable agenda of so-called “sexual rights”, which holds that individuals should be free to act out their desires, no matter how sick they might seem. But this environment is a licence for perverts. When one newspaper writer complained about an online date in which she was asked if “she would accept face slaps”, she was accused of “kink-shaming”. The embrace of sexual violence under the guise of liberation is a disaster, enabling the evil of men like Carrick to flourish. It is not just the Met that needs a reset. It is our whole culture.