A suspect has barricaded himself in a home surrounded by a SWAT team after allegedly killing three people at a Circle K convenience store earlier today.  Jarid Haddock, 21, was identified by police as the suspect believed to be behind the attack earlier today. Now Haddock is barricaded inside a home which is surrounded by a SWAT team, his mother is reportedly on a loud speaker begging him to surrender to police. The local school district is keeping children inside to keep children safe while the incident unfolds. Senator Patty Murray of Washington released a statement following the shooting in Yakima. "This is heart breaking and infuriating. Gun violence is an epidemic—it's happening in every community. My heart is with the Yakima community, but thoughts and prayers aren't enough," he said in a tweet. "If we're serious about tackling violent crime, we need strong federal gun safety laws."  At approximately 3.30am, Haddock is suspected to have walked into a Circle K convenience store and opened fire, killing one victim. The suspect then left the store and killed another person in the parking lot before crossing the road and killing a third victim, according to police. Yakima Police Chief Matt Murray said earlier that cops didn't have a motive for the incident. "This is a dangerous person and it’s random, so there is a danger to the community," he said. "We don’t have a motive and we don’t know why." "When officers arrived, they located three deceased parties at the Circle K store and quickly realized that there was a second shooting scene across the street at the ampm," Murray said. READ MORE: Ghislaine Maxwell a 'true narcissist' - no apology for victims   At the ampm store across the road, he said the suspect "shot into a vehicle - you can see the party in that vehicle move to the passenger seat - and then the suspect stole his car." Murray added: "It appears to be a random situation. There was no apparent conflict between the parties - the male just walked in and started shooting." The news comes following two mass shootings in California which rocked the Golden State. The first massacre occurred Saturday night at a Los Angeles-area dance studio and left 11 dead. Just two days later, carnage hit the surfing town of Half Moon Bay, about 30 miles south of San Francisco, when seven were shot dead at two locations. 