The festive season is rarely cheap, what with brimming social calendars and stockings to fill. Oftentimes people find themselves spending far too much over Christmas and feel the pinch in January. Tesco has reminded shoppers to use their vouchers as millions of pounds worth are set to expire in the next month. Aside from the January pinch, many families across the UK will be struggling with the cost of living crisis. Major supermarket Tesco has just made an announcement which will hopefully make their shoppers' lives easier for the remainder of this month. More than two million Tesco customers are being reminded to spend more than £16million worth of Clubcard vouchers before they expire at the end of February. These vouchers were first issued in February 2021 and are set to expire two years later on February 28. READ MORE: Marks & Spencer to open 20 new UK stores - full list  Tesco's aim is that the vouchers will help households up and down the UK in what can be a tough time of year for family budgets. Having a Clubcard can also help households make savings all year round during the cost of living crisis. For those who do not already have a Tesco Clubcard, these can be used in a variety of ways. Tesco shoppers can go down a practical route and use their vouchers to reduce the cost of their weekly shop or fuel. Alternatively, they can treat themselves with more than 100 Reward Partners. These include family favourites such as beloved Italian Pizza Express and Spa Seekers. Tesco Clubcard vouchers can also be used to pick up a new deal with Tesco Mobile. For every £1 shoppers spend in-store or online, they can collect one Clubcard point. Every 150 points is then converted into £1.50 vouchers. READ MORE: Stop eating sausage rolls to avoid January blues  Tesco Loyalty Director Tash Whitmey spoke about the Clubcard and how it can help families at this time of year. She stated: “We want to help customers’ household budgets stretch further right now and Clubcard is the best way to get great value with Tesco – from Clubcard Rewards to thousands of exclusive deals through Clubcard Prices. "With more than £16million worth of Clubcard vouchers due to expire at the end of February, we are reminding customers to spend them in what can be a tough time of year, as family budgets feel the new year strain.” The Tesco Clubcard is not the only way the supermarket promises to help shoppers through hard times. Tesco has recently announced a further price lock until Easter on more than 1,000 everyday staples included in its Low Everyday Prices offer. Hundreds of items have also been price matched to budget supermarket Aldi. And there are currently thousands of exclusive deals offering up to 50 percent off through Clubcard Prices as part of Tesco's commitment to helping customers save money.