The Woodland Workshop has just started airing on Quest and it is proving popular with fans of The Repair Shop. The expert crafters are seen making tailor-made items for selfless people who have done a great deal for others. Ceramicist Rich Miller spoke to Express.co.uk about how the big reveals made him nervous. The Woodland Workshop is set in the heart of the New Forest and it follows an elite group of crafters. From carpenters to upholsterers and chainsaw artists, there is an expert to cover every challenge. They have joined forces to build special gifts for community heroes and viewers see the whole process from planning to construction. Those who have nominated the local heroes tell their heartwarming stories and Rich Miller said it was an emotional experience. He spoke to Express.co.uk about the apprehension that came ahead of revealing the items. READ MORE: The Woodland Workshop star 'still processing' emotional story He said: "What is unique about this situation is just the fact that you have got that kind of luxury of space and time. "And other creative people around you to sort of discuss ideas with, and just the most incredibly heartwarming stories. "I think it's completely and utterly unique, you don't [often] encounter these kinds of situations where you have the pressure of trying to create something that's worthy I guess. "You kind of feel this incredible responsibility to do justice to the people who have asked you to make something. "You can't help but be inspired by the people you are making it for and you just want to do something really special for them." He said he found the reveals "really nerve-wracking", adding: "I went through all sorts of emotions." "Joy, because it was just a lovely place to be in, and apprehension of whether what I was making would be liked. "Ceramics for me is all about human connection, it's so ingrained in our everyday. "And it's just a human material, you literally fashion it with your hands as it has no form, it's just a bag of mud. DON'T MISS... The Repair Shop's Dominic Chinea 'pushes makers out of comfort zone' [INTERVIEW] The Repair Shop star ‘bawled her eyes out’ over ‘heavy’ restoration [INSIGHT] The Repair Shop star shares ‘daunting’ and ‘difficult’ filming process [INTERVIEW] "So anything that you impart on this is coming through your hands, so it feels very much like an extension of you. "It was really nerve-wracking when it came to the end of the making stage, and when the people we were making them for came back and we were giving them across. "But there were just so many emotions, but on the whole, it was all positive." He said he went into the experience without any preconceived ideas of what it would be. The expert added: "It was just a really special experience, it was a really lovely experience." Some of the community heroes include a retired dentist who offers mobile treatment to people in need and a biker gang who run a food bank. Viewers will also meet a woman who rescues dogs from warzones. Rich is a pottery specialist based in Surrey who has run Froyle Tiles for the past 12 years.  The Woodland Workshop airs on Tuesdays on Quest at 9pm.