A woman has claimed her partner was refused entry to a bar because he is "too old". The woman said she and her boyfriend, 48, were stopped by a member of security from going into Revolucion De Cuba in Peter Street, Manchester, early on Sunday (January 22). She claimed a doorman threatened her with assault after she accused the worker of discrimination and started filming on her phone. The woman, who did not want to be named, claimed the member of staff pushed her phone out of her hands. Footage from the alleged incident appears to show the security staff member attempting to grab the woman's phone before the filming cuts out. She told Manchester Evening News: "I am just disturbed by the discrimination and unacceptable level of force from people there who are supposed to protect not harm people. "We were having a good night out and just wanted to get in somewhere and then we're told we're too old. My partner was angry, he was fuming about it." A spokesperson for Revolucion De Cuba told Manchester Evening News they were appalled to hear about the alleged incident, adding the worker no longer works for the company. Professional Security UK, which provides security for the bar, declined to comment for the same publication. The venue and security firm have been approached for comment. READ ABOUT ZARA TINDALL CRYING IN AN INTERVIEW WITH HER HUSBAND The woman said: "We went out quite late and we got to the door of Revolucion De Cuba at about 2.15am. "We went up to the door and the doorman asked me who I was with. My partner is 10 years older than me. "He pointed to him and said, 'No, too old.' He doesn't even look 48, but they determined he was too old to go in. There were a lot of young girls going in." The woman said she then asked for the doorman's Security Industry Authority (SIA) number, alleging discrimination. DON'T MISS: Transgender woman who 'preyed' on victims found guilty of rape [REPORT] Fears baby missing with aristocrat and rapist 'sleeping in tent' [LATEST] Four arrested after student, 19, 'raped then dumped and run over' [REVEALED] She continued: "He just said, 'Oh you're too drunk'. I don't understand where he got that from, but it's just a standard response, isn't it?" The woman said the security worker refused to give her his SIA number. She then started filming. She added: "One of the bouncers, a big guy, said if I filmed him he would assault me. "I was filming and the bouncer came over and hit my phone out of my hand. I said it didn't matter what he did with my phone as it was all backed up. "I'm quite disturbed by the whole event. I rang the police and they said if it's not an ongoing emergency I needed to call 101, but I haven't done that yet." A spokesperson for Revolucion De Cuba told Manchester Evening News: "We were appalled to hear about this incident. "The safety of our guests is of the utmost importance to us and we demand everyone is treated fairly and with respect at all times. "Following our immediate investigation into the incident, the individual concerned is no longer employed by our security firm, Professional Security, and will not be working at any of our venues in the future."