Nadine Dorries, who was the Secretary of State for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport, faced a wave of criticism after stepping in for Piers Morgan as host on his TalkTV show, with many Piers Morgan: Uncensored viewers branding her stint a "car crash". Even Piers mocked Nadine for tripping over the autocue when he returned to his show. Nadine will kick off her first programme with an exclusive one-on-one interview with former Prime Minister Boris Johnson.The hour-long show, called Friday Night with Nadine, will look at the week's news and include guests from the world of politics, culture and sport.The weekly programme starts on Friday, February 3 on TalkTV from 8pm.TalkTV viewers branded Nadine's previous TalkTV stint "car crash" television, and Piers told fans upon his return: "It's not as easy as it looks Nadine, maybe you should stick to politics... Or maybe not."  READ MORE: Coronation Street legend confirms break from ITV soap Piers said after showing TalkTV viewers a clip of Nadine struggling with the autocue: "I told them to get someone on who wasn't as good as me but that was ridiculous."Fans took to Twitter when she stepped in for Piers last year, with Anna Jeronymides commenting: "Nadine Dorries makes car crash debut on TalkTV."@Stesmithy48 penned: "Utter car crash television. It will be laughed at for years."Jermain added: "Never thought I'd say this but I'd rather you back in the House of Commons." Despite the backlash, other viewers were more accepting of Nadine, with @SocialFoxSY penning: "To be honest Nadine everyone makes mistakes and those autocues aren’t the easiest things to get the hang of."Mark Clough added: "To be absolutely fair, it's harder than people think and also, apart from first-time mistakes I think Nadine will be really good at this. You watch, she is a natural in the making and yes, I'm being serious!"Nadine was well aware of the uproar, and addressed her presenting debut with her social media followers, telling them she had booked an appointment with her optician following her autocue "trip up". DON'T MISS...Real reason Sunak's not sacking Zahawi and co despite Boris-backers [LATEST]Piers Morgan swipes at 'wokey' Susanna Reid over notorious GMB rows [INTERVIEW]Piers Morgan wants final showdown with Meghan and Harry [UPDATE] Following her TalkTV announcement, Nadine shared: “As someone who’s never been afraid to speak their mind, I’m delighted to be joining the team at TalkTV for Friday Night with Nadine, where I’ll be putting my 23-year political career and experiences to good use. "Boris Johnson continues to dominate so much of the political narrative since his departure from No 10. "Now's the time to find out what he really thinks about a whole range of pressing issues.” TalkTV launched in April 2022 as a bold new voice in current affairs, debate and opinion.  The channel is operated by Rupert Murdoch's NewsUK and presenters include Jeremy Kyle, Vanessa Feltz and Sharon Osbourne. Richard Wallace, head of TV, said of Nadine's appointment: “She has had a seat at the top table of British politics during extraordinary times; knows all the key players and has true insight into how the corridors of power actually work. "And, as a former nurse, she's one of the very few politicians to have held down a proper job and worried about paying the bills, so our audience will relish her take.” TalkTV is available to watch on Sky Channel 522, Sky Glass Channel 508, Virgin Media Channel 606, and Freeview Channel 237. 