  Loose Women star Stacey Solomon has broken her silence over rumours that she’s already had her baby. The former I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! winner issued an apology today in view of her 5.5 million Instagram followers.     Taking to her Instagram story, Stacey set the record straight on her current pregnancy status, after causing speculation this morning when she uploaded for the first time in a few days. “So many of you were like, ‘Stace, don’t do that to us. You’ve been quiet for a few days and we thought you’d given birth,’” she began. “Sorry,” Stacey added with a laugh, before panning the camera down to show her large belly. “I’m very much still full-term pregnant,” she revealed. “I just really wanted to try and make it to a couple of days before the baby comes. READ MORE: BBC Radio 2's Scott Mills reacts to Ken Bruce 'replacement' backlash    “I know I can’t control it, but my midwife was like, ‘If you want a chance of getting to those days, calm the hell down and don’t do anything silly.’ “So I’ve been trying to rest and I made it to today,” a beaming Stacey continued, “Which I’m so excited about. The former X Factor star then went on to reveal why it was so important to her that she held off on giving birth just yet. “Basically, my first collection of the year for In The Style we’re going to shoot today,” she explained.      “And I really wanted to get to today because I know that I’m not going to have another collection for quite a while, because I’m going to take some time off for the baby. “But yeah, I’m going to shoot that today,” she said, before gesturing to the black and white striped jumper she was wearing. “This is from there. It’s the nicest collection ever. However, the star confessed her clothes didn’t fit in quite the way she had imagined they would. “It’s not maternity,” Stacey admitted. “I had no idea I was going to be pregnant when we started making this - let alone full-term pregnant! READ MORE... Piers Morgan mocks Omid Scobie as Harry calls Meghan claim 'nonsense' [NEWS] Prince Harry exposing texts slammed by US star as 'Housewives' move [UPDATE] Jennifer Aniston ‘concerned’ over Brad Pitt’s new romance [LATEST INSIGHT]      “But I’ve sized up a few and it still works and I can’t wait to show you,” she added with a chuckle. “I’m going to get ready!” The Sort Your Life Out star then went on to show off her stylish collection, which featured a selection of cosy-looking jumpers, comfy leggings and some chic two-piece sets. Stacey surprised her fans late last year when she shared the news that she and husband Joe Swash were expecting their third child together. The announcement came as quite a shock, since Stacey found out she was pregnant when she was “much further along” than she had been previous times.     Underneath a series of sweet pregnancy snaps that showed off her large baby bump, she previously wrote: “Coming soon… Much sooner than we thought [laughing emoji]. The couple are already parents to one-year-old daughter Rose and son Rex, three. Stacey also shares son Leighton, 10, with ex-partner Aaron Barham, and eldest child Zachery, 14, with her other ex Dean Cox. Meanwhile, Joe is a father to son Harry, 15, whom he shares with his ex-fiancée Emma Sophocleous.   