It had been a while since fans were graced with new episodes of the reality show hit Bling Empire but the wait is now over, as the cast is swapping the gorgeous LA beaches for the concrete jungle in a new spin-off Netflix show. And although fan-favourite Dorothy is changing time zones, she will still be bringing drama to screens after hitting the New York dating scene. The reality star has now opened up about the “changes” she faced relocating to New York for the spin-off show. She said: “There were a lot of changes for me. I always knew I would love living in New York. Doing remedial tasks is a lot harder though." The self-proclaimed rich kid continued: “You get in your car and run all your errands in LA When I moved to New York my friends were like, 'Dorothy, you’re a New York girl now. There is no joy in physically running your errands here'.” Dorothy also commented how people in New York are a lot more "no-nonsense" than those she's familiar with in LA. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss However, the Bling Empire OG has a different perspective when it comes to dating in New York, describing her experience as “a lot of fun”. She reflected saying: “I think dating in New York is a lot of fun. For me, it’s a different group of people. I think the guys in New York are different from guys in LA.” Dorothy added to TV Insider: “It was fun to meet new people. For me, dating isn’t always my number one priority but people love to watch.” She admitted: “None of my dates were necessarily that bad on and off camera. I’m not necessarily a huge dater though. I’ve tried to be more of a dater since being in New York.” Being the daughter of multi-billionaire Roger Wang, Dorothy starred in another fan-favourite reality show, Rich Kids of Beverly Hills, which first aired in 2014. She said how starring on the show “haunted” her as viewers want to see her going on dates. The 35-year-old said: “It has haunted me since Rich Kids of Beverly Hills because they want to see Dorothy on dates.” She continued saying: “There are so many things I can film, but people love watching people date. They are obsessed with a love story and can relate to it." DON'T MISS:Teen Mom's Chelsea shares regret at missing out at Kailyn reunionBelow Deck's Camille supported by 'best friend' crew mate after firingMILF Manor fans blast ‘sick’ mother and son double date The businesswoman has been linked to a few famous men, like singer John Mayer in 2018 and fashion designer Sam Saddam in 2022. She was more famously rumoured to be dating rapper French Montana in 2015 but quickly shot the rumours down with total denial. She slammed the accusations whilst appearing on the season four premiere of Rich Kids of Beverly Hills, calling them "absolutely false." Dorothy put the records straight again by revealing she had actually been dating an NBA basketball player named “Quincy” at the time. In this season of Bling Empire: New York, Dorothy can be seen getting close to a man she meets whilst on a girls' trip to the Bahamas. The mystery man is believed to be called Aristidis “Ari” Kourkoumelis, a senior counsel for the US Department of Commerce’s Office of General Counsel. However, Dorothy is yet to go public with any possible romance and appears to be enjoying the new way of dating in NYC. Bling Empire: New York is available to stream on Netflix now.