The Rig has been airing on Amazon Prime Video and it follows the Kinloch Bravo oil rig crew as they plan to return to the mainland. However, after a mysterious fog cuts off their communications, they are confronted with forces beyond belief. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what happened at the end of the Scotland-based series. All six episodes were dropped at the same time and fans have already binged their way through to the end. The final episode made clear there was more going on than just bad weather keeping the crew from going home. Scientist Rose Mason (played by Emily Hampshire) discovered how the fog contained deadly spores which used the crew members as hosts. While some crew members were killed by the spores, for others they presented them with healing powers and visions. READ MORE: Martin Compston 'set on fire' after refusing stunt double in The Rig The team eventually discovered something called The Ancestors at the bottom of the ocean floor. The ancient life force seemed to be behind the disturbing events and it transpired the oil company Pictor already knew about it. Knowing they could not kill The Ancestors, some of the crew tried to communicate with them. David Coake (Mark Addy), one of the company bosses, had been trying to find a helicopter to escape. In the end Rose, Magnus MacMillan (Iain Glen) and Fulmer Hamilton (Martin Compston) had no choice but to abandon their efforts to communicate and they joined him in his escape. They managed to avoid the impending tsunami just in time, but Baz Roberts (Calvin Demba) decided to stay behind as a sacrifice. He believed if the Ancestors saw the crew were willing to sacrifice themselves, then they may be able to avoid extinction. As the rest of the crew made their escape on the helicopters, Coake tells them: "I told you, if you wanted to go home, you should have listened to me.” DON'T MISS... All you need to know about where The Rig is filmed [EXPLAINER] Line of Duty's Martin Compston shuts down series return [INTERVIEW] Mayflies viewers left 'bawling eyes out' at Martin Compston drama [DISCUSSION] When the crew asked him where they were going, there was no answer, which sets the series up for a potential second season. In the show's final moments, the tsunami is seen hitting the mainland, proving the Ancestors are not willing to collaborate with mankind yet. Screenwriter David Macpherson said he wanted to link the story to the ongoing climate crisis. Speaking to Financial Times he explained: "I wanted to tell that global story [of climate change]. "But one of the things that gets missed is the impact on everyday people in these facilities." Actor Iain Glen said parts of the story were "horribly plausible" in an interview with Radio Times. He said: "So what we're doing is messing up the planet and we know that, and most people have owned up to that now in the age that we live. "So this story tries to look at the idea of the planet biting back in a very real way – and in a way that's what the planet is doing when we have these awful floods and bush fires that destroy people's lives."  The Rig is on Amazon Prime Video