Jamal Dupree has said he "hopes" the five officers who fatally beat his brother Tyre Nichols meet the same fate. Nichols, 29, could be heard screaming for his mother as he was attacked in Memphis on January 10. Speaking to Fox 40 News after Tennessee prosecutors announced the charges against the five fired officers, Mr Dupree said: "You want my truth?… I hope they die." He added: "It doesn’t really mean nothing at this time until they’re actually found guilty for the actual charges. "There’s a good chance they can walk free from this." The five Memphis Police officers have been charged with second-degree murder and other crimes, including assault, kidnapping, official misconduct and official oppression. JUST IN: Donald Trump more 'angry and committed' than ever as ex-POTUS kickstarts 2024 campaign   Tadarrius Bean, Demetrius Haley, Emmitt Martin III, Demond Mills Jr and Justin Smith were indicted by a grand jury and taken into custody in connection with Nichols' death. US President Joe Biden also addressed Nichols' death. In a statement, the 46th POTUS said: "Like so many, I was outraged and deeply pained to see the horrific video of the beating that resulted in Tyre Nichols’ death. "It is yet another painful reminder of the profound fear and trauma, the pain, and the exhaustion that Black and Brown Americans experience every single day.   "My heart goes out to Tyre Nichols’ family and to Americans in Memphis and across the country who are grieving this tremendously painful loss. "The footage that was released this evening will leave people justifiably outraged. Those who seek justice should not to resort to violence or destruction. "Violence is never acceptable; it is illegal and destructive. "I join Mr. Nichols’ family in calling for peaceful protest." DON'T MISS:Cops face investigation after traffic stop death [REVEALED]Biden slammed as border agents' wives erupt at POTUS inaction [INSIGHT]Former White House press secretary blasts Biden over classified docs [SPOTLIGHT] Mr Biden also landed a subtle blow against his Republican rivals on Capitol Hill. He added: "When Senate Republicans blocked that bill, I signed an executive order that mandated stricter use of force standards and accountability provisions for federal law enforcement, as well as measures to strengthen accountability at the state and local level." 