Samantha Markle has claimed that her half-sister Meghan "lied" to the Royal Family about her past. Ms Markle made the astonishing claim during an interview with Fox News host Tucker Carlson. She said that her half-sister Meghan had told the royals in the UK that she had worked at the US Embassy in Argentina before her marriage to Prince Harry. However, Meghan's half-sister claims this was one of many "porky pies probably told to the royals and even to Harry when they met her". She said that Meghan was only in Argentina on a "study programme" and not for a proper job at the embassy. Since 2013, Meghan has often talked about how she worked for the embassy while deciding to double-major in acting and international relations at Northwestern University. Speaking on Wednesday's episode of Tucker Carlson Today, Samantha said the role was in fact an internship, paid for by her father, Thomas Markle, with her uncle writing a letter of recommendation. She explained: "Our Uncle Mike who worked for the embassy, as a favor to Dad. Dad paid for a five-week study program." JUST IN: Warning of 'divisions' in Sussexes' camp as book backfires  Meghan's half-sister continued: "Uncle Mike threw in a letter of recommendation to be kind, even though he'd only met Meghan when she was a baby. "A five-week study program doesn't equate with working at the embassy, which she told Rachael Ray and Craig Ferguson on live television. "So all of these lies started coming out." One of the earliest examples of Meghan publicly discussing her time in Argentina was in a June 2013 interview with Marie Claire, where the former Suits star said: "I had always been the theater nerd at Northwestern University.  "I knew I wanted to do acting, but I hated the idea of being this cliché—a girl from L.A. who decides to be an actress. "I wanted more than that, and I had always loved politics, so I ended up changing my major completely and double-majoring in theater and international relations. "By my junior year, I had finished most of my credits, and I applied for an internship at the US Embassy, so I ended up working in the embassy in Buenos Aires for a few months." DON'T MISS:Woke Left is on war-footing to change everything about British life [COMMENT]'Might as well live in Iowa' - Montecito locals on Meghan and Harry [REACTION]What age do you think the state pension should start? [POLL]  Samantha Markle added that she was blocked from Meghan and Harry's wedding in 2018 because her half-sister was afraid that "the stories would come out" that would expose her. She disparaged what she saw as Meghan's attempt to portray her own family as divided or distant, adding: "We pretty much grew up as a normal family. "My brother and I were older siblings. When she was born, she was brought home from the hospital to our house." "We weren't a family apart, any more than any other normal family. I had my apartment and a job, my brother had his. But we were still only 10 minutes away from Meg." 