Eamonn Holmes, 63, temporarily stepped away from his regular TV slot after announcing he was dealing with torturous chronic pain. The GB News favourite is now making a desperate bid to regain his mobility for a comeback following intensive back surgery and physiotherapy, as he announced on Instagram over the weekend. The star explained he would be working "up to 4 days on GB News Breakfast from this week" - but that the road ahead will be tough. "Don't know why I'm smiling !!!" he joked to his 766,000 followers, with an eye-rolling emoji. "Off to the gym to keep building my strength and mobility... Pushing myself hard trying to make my legs respond. Wish me luck!" he concluded. Eamonn had previously been left feeling "emasculated" after his health problems prevented him from so much as tying his shoelaces. READ NOW: Ulrika Jonsson battles Davina McCall over middle aged Love Island He has been inundated with support by his huge following, with a string of celebrities reacting to the post which has received over 20,000 likes. Martine McCutcheon encouraged that he was looking "well" when she saw the snap of him on his way to the gym, while S Club 7's Jo O Meara assured him: "You got this!" His former This Morning co-star Alison Hammond praised him for looking "so young" as he embarked on his return to work. Sky Sports' presenter Jacquie Beltrao told the star he was "looking good" too, while Lizzie Cundy - the former wife of footballer Jason Cundy - showered him with praise too. Meanwhile, members of the public were equally supportive, with @claire.mccowan teasing: "Keep smiling and pushing, I’m sure Ruth can give you some chores to do around the house to keep those muscles building!" @friederikekrum added: "I bet it’s not easy for you but we all love having you back!" His phased return had been scheduled to begin on January 9, and he has been working on steadily increasing his mobility all the while. Eamonn previously admitted that his struggle to move around was "soul-destroying" and was inundated with support from the likes of Huw Edwards and Homes Under The Hammer star Lucy Alexander. DON'T MISS... Annie Werschin, The Last of Us, Bosch and 24 actress, dies of cancer [LATEST] Piers Morgan 'should be banned from the internet', claims Dom Joly [EXCLUSIVE] Only Fools and Horses' David Jason's struggle shared by Sue Holderness [INTERVIEW]  He has continued to post regular progress updates - and fans recently caught a glimpse of the exhausted star slumped over in the gym after his workout. "And that's enough for one day. Cream Crackered!" he exclaimed. The star has been surrounding himself with inspirational people as his fitness battle continues, and last week he posted a photo of himself with former Strictly star James Jordan. James and his wife Ola recently embarked on a weight loss plan to regain shape after caring for their two-year-old daughter meant maintaining their formerly svelte figures had taken a back seat. "Great when u work with someone and Strictly speaking it doesn't feel like work!" he quipped to his followers, only for Ola to respond: "Looking good, boys!" James added that Eamonn was someone he had "always looked up to" and declared him a "legend". Meanwhile, the star has had nothing but praise for the NHS after his back surgery and treatment for a fractured shoulder following a fall at his home. His health issues have also caused him ongoing circulation problems as a side effect, and Eamonn previously complained he'd been unable to even walk his dog - but it now looks as if he is well on the way to recovery.