Mice don't discriminate when it comes to visiting homes, no matter whether yours is old or new, owned or rented. While there's never a good time to discover rodents lurking around your property, there are ways to quickly deal with the problem yourself. Of course, the first step to getting rid of mice is confirming that you do in fact have an infestation. Pest control experts have shared the key signs and remedies to consider if you need to deter mice from your home. An expert at Concept Research said: "Mice and other such rodents are just like us, they like to stay nice and warm during the colder months. Therefore, they often find their way into sheds, garages and outhouses where they’re protected from the harsh weather. "In extreme cases, mice will move from outbuildings into your home and are most commonly found in kitchens and pantries as they follow their noses to the best food sources. They’ll use their flexible bodies to squeeze between counters and their sharp teeth to bite food packaging." While they can be tricky to catch when on the move, traps are easy to set if you can identify where the mice are coming from. According to the team at Fantastic Pest Control, the "most important signs" you have to look for include mice droppings, urine puddles, scratches and scratching noises, grease markings, strong smells, and the most obvious one - finding a nest. READ MORE: 6 safe and effective methods to stop rats visiting your garden Once you have identified the hiding places for mice living in your home, it is important to block off entryways to ensure they can't escape your traps. An expert at Fantastic Pest Control said: "Go around your property and seal any cracks and holes you find to prevent mice from entering your property. Steel wool is the cheapest and easiest option. DON'T MISS:'Effective' deterrents to 'eliminate' rats in your loft for good [INSIGHT]Five ‘safe and effective’ solutions for deterring pigeons from gardens [TIPS]‘Problematic’ garden trends to ‘avoid’ or risk ‘dire consequences’ [REVEAL] Historically, people have gotten rid of rodents from their property by using harsh chemical poisons and traps. However, many of these ultimately kill the pests. A spokesperson at Concept Research noted that this is not only an unfavourable outcome, but it also means the deceased rodents decay in your home, leaving "a terrible smell". Instead, they recommended using humane remedies to capture the rodents. To do this, The pest control experts recommended using live traps. They said: "The trap is usually a cage with bait inside that will attract the mouse. And the moment the rodent gets inside - the door will close behind, trapping the mouse for good." READ MORE: Three ‘completely useless’ methods to avoid when getting rid of mice While these are effective at removing unwanted rodents without causing harm, the Fantastic Pest Control team noted that it is "really important" to check the traps every couple of hours because "it's not ideal to leave the animal there for a long time". Before removing the mice from your home, always ensure you are wearing rubber gloves to avoid the spread of bacteria to your bare hands. Place the whole trap in a box or bucket to dispose of it more easily. The Fantastic Pest Control team warned against discarding the trap near your home, suggesting that you should ensure it is at least three miles away" to prevent re-infestation. Release the mouse by placing the cage away from you and opening it with a long stick or log before driving away. After you finally get rid of the mice, it's crucial that you take extra steps to prevent a similar infestation in the future. Doing so is as easy as adopting a few good habits like keeping a clean and tidy property - including your garden. The pest control experts said: "Take out your rubbish regularly and block holes that let light in. Keep your place clear of junk and corners clean. It’s not just rubbish, mice are attracted to clutter in general. Bottles, newspapers, old furniture, clothing - anything that would give the mouse a place to hide." Other long-term deterrents include keeping your groceries and pet food in airtight containers to strip mice of a food supply. Reducing the amount of mulch used in plant beds and pots around your garden is another way to stop mice from nesting in piles of debris where they "thrive". Attracting cats and birdlife to your garden provides a natural predator for pesky rodents, particularly barn owls that can eat up to fifteen mice a night, according to the Fantastic Pest Control team. 