The Australian Open was once hit by a sexism storm when star Eugenie Bouchard was left embarrassed after being asked to ‘twirl’ on court after her victory. In 2015, Canadian sensation Bouchard, then 20, was stunned by a male presenter’s unusual request during her post-match interview at Melbourne Park. Tennis icon Serena Williams was asked to give a spin after her own match, and Bouchard was embarrassed to be asked to perform a twirl too by interviewer Ian Cohen as the reporter focused on her outfit following a 6-0, 6-3 victory over Kiki Bertens on the Margaret Court Arena. “Can you give us a twirl?” Australian commentator Cohen, who was holding a Channel 7 microphone, asked Bouchard. The former Wimbledon finalist replied “A Twirl?”, and Cohen reiterated: “A twirl, like a pirouette, here you go.” Bouchard, who has struggled in recent years and failed to qualify for this year’s Grand Slam, obliged rather uncomfortably before burying her face in her hands. And the incident caused mass outrage as Bouchard explained after that she was caught off-guard by the ‘very unexpected' request. JUST IN: Bautista Agut gives surprising thoughts on pro-Murray Aus Open crowd  The TV interview sparked a sexism row Down Under as viewers and huge names in tennis were left furious with Cohen’s line of questioning. Billie Jean King, a legend of women’s tennis, described his comments as ‘truly sexist’ and insisted if women are asked, male players should be subject to the same uncomfortable request. Bouchard reflected back on the controversial incident that overshadowed her win in a candid interview with Fair Game in 2019. She admitted she felt ‘awkward’ and suggested there were double standards as Cohen would not have made a similar request to a male player. “It was right after I won the match and, you know, there’s a whole crowd and I was being interviewed. So, in the moment I was like, I felt awkward, but I was like, ‘Sure!’ and I did a little spin,” she recalled. “Then I get off the court and I check my phone and people are going crazy because people are basically saying, ‘Well, they would never ask a male athlete to do that. DON'T MISSAndy Murray's epic Australian Open run ends in heartbreakDjokovic receives response from Aus Open boss after 'drunk' fan rantDjokovic's PTPA wades into row over Murray's late Aus Open finish  “It took on this life of its own, and even today when there’s topics about you know, the difference of male and female in sports, it’s always referenced as such a kind of sexist question. “And so, I was like, ‘Well, if you ask me to twirl then you’ve got to ask the guys to like, you know, flex their guns or you know, show something off as well' because you know, a guy would not be asked that. “In the moment it’s hard to kind of realise what’s happening, but looking back, I mean I thought I was wearing a cute outfit okay, so I was happy to show it off. But the difference of questions geared towards male and female athletes, there’s definitely this difference.” Channel 7 had distanced themselves from the interview after being contacted by the Daily Mail Australia, saying at the time that Cohen 'works for Tennis Australia'. A statement said: 'The interview, which didn’t air on Channel 7 or 7TWO, was in this instance conducted by a commentator who works for the host broadcaster, Tennis Australia. The host broadcaster provides match coverage and some commentary and interviews, which is seen on our live digital streaming service.'