  Aled Glynne Davies was last seen in the Pontcanna area of Cardiff on New Year’s Eve, South Wales Police said. The former editor of BBC Radio Cymru, 65, sparked concern after he was reported missing.      Today, police have confirmed a body has been recovered in Cardiff Bay they believe belongs to Aled. Superintendent Michelle Conquer said: “We continue to support Aled’s family at this very sad time and our investigation continues to determine the circumstances surrounding the death." His son Gruffudd Glyn confirmed the sad news on Twitter, saying: "Thank you all for your effort. It is very sad to announce that Dad has been found in the river. "Time for us all to try to relax now. Let's celebrate Dad x's life Avryl, Gwenllian and Gruff (and the rest of the family)." READ MORE: BBC presenter - British Asians are put off walks in the countryside      When Aled was reported missing, a huge search was launched for the ex-editor, who vanished without taking his medication with him. BBC newsreader Huw Edwards shared his concerns on social media, asking people to look out for his colleague. "Please check CCTV from doorbells and security cameras in Cardiff,” he said. “Diolch yn Fawr” he signed off his message, which means “thank you very much” in Welsh.     Aled’s son had previously also urged people to check their CCTV footage for any signs of his dad. Gruffudd said his family were "incredibly concerned" about Aled and that his disappearance was out of character. In a message to his father, he wrote: "We love you so much. Please come home." The worried son added that his dad is physically fragile and could be distressed. READ MORE... Rod Stewart announces unborn baby's gender in adorable clip with Penny [NEWS] Cliff Richard's agony as friend who lived with him for 30 years dies [NEWS] Peter Crouch and Abbey Clancy renew wedding vows [INSIGHT]    "He has a curvature of the spine. He is on medication for a lung condition that he should be taking,” he penned. “He gets tired easily and can walk quite slowly,” he added at the time. "If you're walking and you have a dog and you go on your usual path, maybe just go off that beaten track a little bit. Keep yourself safe as well as you're doing that. “Of course don't put yourself at risk, but look to see if maybe you know he's resting somewhere.”     Tributes have come pouring in for Aled, including from former colleague Huw, who called him a "journalist and broadcaster of rare ability". He described him as a "kind and generous man" and offered his condolences to the family. BBC Wales Director Rhuanedd Richards said: "Aled was an innovative, energetic and passionate editor during his time leading BBC Radio Cymru between 1995 and 2006. "His passing is a great loss to the broadcasting world as well as to the Welsh language."   