Lisa Marie Presley was pronounced dead on January 12, 2023, after suffering a cardiac arrest. The 54-year-old was best known for being the only child of Elvis Presley, but she grabbed headlines in 1994 when she married the King of Pop: Michael Jackson. So much of the pop star's life was overshadowed by his difficult childhood with father Joe Jackson and then all the speculation and accusations surrounding his final years. He only had one serious relationship in his whole life and Lisa Marie has spoken of how they truly loved each other. Yet, within months of their wedding, Michael started making some horrifying demands of his young wife. There were and remain many reasons why people struggled to accept the union of the King of Pop and the daughter of The King. Apart from Michael's obvious fascination with Elvis and the need to silence the mounting accusations about his relationships with young boys, Lisa Marie also entered the marriage with her own struggles. When they tied the knot on May 26, 1994, Lisa Marie had only been officially divorced from her first husband, Danny Keough, for 20 days. She also had two small children – four-year-old Danielle Riley and baby Ben. READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley's heartbreaking final words to Elvis Presley Lisa Marie later said: "I was trying to process what I had done. I could never feel good about it. How could I have done that to someone? And I had these two little ones..." Michael, however, was desperate to start having his own children immediately but Lisa Marie had come from a divorced home and was also aware of how much she and Michael would have to deal with to make their own marriage work. She tried it explaining it to her new husband but he gave her an outrageous ultimatum instead. DON'T MISSKISS: Gene Simmons 'It's time to stop now before we ruin our legacy'Jeremy Clarkson blasts 'woke cancel culture' as Winston Marshall quits Mumford & SonsElvis and June Carter: Her son suspected they had an affair  Lisa Marie later said she had wanted to have children with Michael: "I just wanted to make sure. "I was looking into the future and I was thinking, 'I don’t ever want to get into a custody battle with him. I don’t want to do this, I don’t want to go head to head with him so I need to make sure that everything around is good.' "I had children and I Knew bringing children into certain circumstances you have to make sure that everything is safe and secure and ok. "And I wanted to make sure he and I were really, really united because we were going to be up against so much." Michael however, had his own plans and was prepared to do anything to make it happen. Michael told Lisa Marie he had another woman lined up ready to have his children, Debbie Rowe, who worked for Michael's dermatologist Arnold Klein. Lisa Marie said: "I know she (Rowe) was there the whole time telling him she would do it. He would tell me, ‘If you’re not gonna do it, Debbie said she’ll do it.’ "And we would get into arguments because that wasn’t how to handle it. But that’s how he knew how to handle it: 'If you’re not going to do it, this person will. Are you going to do it or not?'" The marriage soon collapsed under all the strain of their arguments and Lisa Marie's growing unhappiness about Michael's lifestyle, which she felt echoed that of her father in all the worst and most excessive ways. Lisa marie filed for divorce in January 1996 and within months, Michael announced Debbie Rowe was pregnant in October. They married in November and Prince Michael was born in February 1997. Years later, Lisa Marie still believes the speed of it was partly directed at her: "I knew it was a bit of a retaliatory act on his part because I didn’t have a baby." Michael also fathered daughter Paris with Debbie and had a third child, youngest son Blanket, with a surrogate.