Sophie, Countess of Wessex and Prince Edward announced their engagement to the media on January 6, 1999, exactly 24 years ago today. At the time, there was a lot of commentary about how Sophie resembled Princess Diana's style when she and Edward got engaged. The blazer and skirt combination, the grey colouring and the short haircut all very much emulated the late Princess of Wales' fashion choices. For her outfit, Sophie wore a grey beaded Tomasz Starzewski suit for the official photo call after Prince Edward announced their engagement. This suit looked very similar to Diana's Chanel suit which she wore to the British Lung Foundation in Hatton Garden in April 1997. Tomasz Starzewski is a Polish British fashion designer and the owner of a well-known London couture house. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's £140k engagement ring looks 'vintage' - pictures He was Sophie’s favourite and to-go designer since 1996. He also designed for Princess Diana, again showing the similarities in style between the two women. The Countess accessorised with a sapphire necklace adorned with Welsh feathers, which could have been a nod to Sophie’s Welsh heritage. That necklace is still being worn to this day. Sophie also wore quite big diamond earrings set in yellow gold. Both jewels could have been engagement gifts to the new Countess of Wessex. The Countess' engagement ring with a diamond cluster was chosen, according to Prince Edward, “because diamonds are a girl’s best friend”.  It features a two-carat oval diamond flanked by two heart-shaped smaller diamonds set in 18-karat white gold.  Prince Edward apparently proposed to Sophie just before Christmas on Windemere Island in the Bahamas, after a number of heart-to-heart conversations about the future of their relationship, but the couple agreed to keep it a secret until after Christmas so he could ask Sophie’s father for permission. Sophie’s response to Prince’s proposal was reportedly: “Yes, yes please".  Roberta Fiorito and Rachel Bowie, the co-hosts of the podcast Royally Obsessed, spoke on their latest episode about this photo call from 1999. They said: "Flashback to 1999, 24 years ago, Sophie and Edward announced their engagement. So the relationship timeline: they met in 1987, she was working in PR, and he was dating their friend actually. "They reconnected six years later, they were both single and they dated for six years before getting engaged. "I want to talk about this engagement photo call they did. They didn't really do a sit-down interview, they did this photo call where they were asked questions, kind of like what I remember from Harry and Meghan’s sunken gardens photo call.  "So the ring, £105,000 is how much it supposedly cost, it’s two carats from Garrard and Co. and everything about the photo call is such a time capsule of 1999. "Sophie is wearing a dark grey skirt suit with dark grey pearl embellishments, which I just feel like when I close my eyes that is the professional working woman of 1999. "She has black chunky shoes, he’s wearing a pinstripe shirt and his suit is way too big for him, it’s not tailored beautifully at all. "It’s just this perfect little time capsule of them and to see their happiness too - they’re kind of endearing as a couple to me." 