The horrifying footage showed police officers beating the 29-year-old man despite him being in handcuffs until he was left slumped against an unmarked police car. Five officers have been charged with second degree murder and a sixth has been ‘relieved of duty’. Tadarrius Bean, Demetrius Haley, Emmitt Martin III, Desmond Mills Jr, Justin Smith, and Preston Hemphill have been sacked by the police department. The incident occurred on January 7 after a traffic stop and Nichols died three days later in hospital. Following the release of the footage, the Nichols family demanded that criminal charges are also brought against the paramedics who appeared to fail to give Tyre immediate medical attention. The footage shows two paramedics and a number of police officers standing by for at least 20 minutes after the assault while Nichols was critically injured. Approximately five minutes after the attack on Nichols ended, paramedics arrived on scene. One asks him: “What’d you have? We’re trying to get you straight, what’d you have?” The father of one who was previously coherent and speaking clearly, was reduced to making pained noises and could not speak as officers claimed he was “high as a kite”. The paramedics do not appear to check his vital signs and left him lying on the floor unable to sit up and speak. Eventually, almost half an hour after the assault, an ambulance arrived on the scene and a stretcher was removed to take Nichols to hospital. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan's Netflix doc trounced by The Crown in new US poll The stepfather of Mr Nichols, Rodney Wells told ABS News: “Everyone – the fire department, paramedics that came out that stood around and didn’t do anything – they’re just as guilty. “Everyone that was active in the whole scene, the whole video, should be charged.” The Memphis Fire Department has since declared that is has fired two emergency medical responders, Robert Long and JaMichael Sandridge, and emergency vehicle driver Lt. Michelle Whitaker following an internal investigation. The investigation concluded that the responders failed to provide adequate medical treatment. MFD said: “Our investigation has concluded that the two EMT’s responded based on the intial nature of the call (person pepper sprayed) and information they were told on the scene and failed to conduct an adequate patient assessment of Mr Nichols. “After their initial interaction with Mr Nichols, they requested an ambulance to respond.” DON'T MISS: Abandoned newborn baby found 'screaming' on a hill (INSIGHT)Sixth police officer 'relieved of duty' over Tyre Nichols beating (REVEAL)Donald Trump ally slams Chris Sununu as similar to Keir Starmer (INSIGHT) The statement added that the two medical responders arrived at 8:41pm, an ambulance was sent at 8:46pm which arrived on scene at 8.55pm and by 9.08pm Nichols was taken to St Francis hospital. Meanwhile, Whitaker remained in the medical response vehicle for the entire incident. The Fire Department added: “After concluding our internal investigation, it was determined that EMT-B Long, EMT- A Sandridge and Lt. Whitaker violated numerous MFD policies and protocols. “As a result, EMT- B Long, EMT- A Sandridge and Lt. Whitaker have been terminated from the Memphis Fire Department.” Nichols was repeatedly hit with a metal baton, punched in the head, kicked, and sprayed in the face with pepper spray. He arrived at hospital in a critical condition and died days later in intensive care following cardiac arrest and kidney failure.