Emiliano Martinez will see his options restricted during penalty shoot-outs next season as a result of future rule changes, which are set to be introduced by football's law-makers at the end of the current campaign. The Aston Villa goalkeeper has gained a formidable reputation over the years for his disruptive antics during spot-kicks, with his clever mind games playing a major role in helping Argentina to win their first World Cup since 1986 last month. Martinez was the hero of shoot-out wins over the Netherlands and France at the World Cup, with his gamesmanship and delaying tactics riling up opponents and making the difference for Argentina when it mattered. He used every trick in the book to put off opposing takers, such as dropping the ball, booting it up to the halfway line, moving it away from the spot and remonstrating with officials to waste time before the kicks were taken.However, it seems as though Martinez will be discouraged from using similar tactics in future under the new laws, which are expected to come into play at the start of next season. His behaviour did not go down well with FIFA and the International Football Association Board (IFAB), who have combined to introduce changes in an attempt to clamp down on the issue as a matter of priority.It was agreed last week between the two organisations that goalkeepers should not be allowed to delay penalties or 'unfairly distract' takers from next season onwards, according to The Sun. The IFAB will now look to draft new regulations to be ratified at this year's AGM, which is set to take place in London in March, before rewriting the laws of the game to reflect the alterations. JUST IN: Chelsea beat Man Utd to defender with 'agreement reached' Concerns were said to have been raised at the IFAB's annual business meeting last week and it was decided that match officials should be helped to prevent disruptive behaviour during shoot-outs in order to prevent future instances. Howard Webb, the new chief refereeing officer of the Professional Game Match Officials Ltd (PGMOL), recently stated that he would remind Premier League referees of their responsibility to stop such behaviour off the back of Martinez's controversial antics at the World Cup."There’s always learning to come out of everything," said Webb. "I was told years ago about the management of penalty shoot-outs, and taking control of the ball so those mind games can’t be played. That’s something we will maybe reiterate to our people as a reminder on the back of what we saw there." Alan Shearer and Rio Ferdinand were among those to credit Martinez with influencing Argentina's shoot-out victory over France in last month's World Cup final, with the Villa stopper doing everything in his power to wind up opponents and successfully disrupt the takers."Emi Martinez was trying to wind them up, he was kicking the ball away, he was talking to the players, he was putting as much pressure as possible on them," said Shearer in his role as a BBC pundit, before Ferdinand added: "Even his movements behind the line, he was moving, trying to catch the eye of the person striking the ball." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.