Councils that have a social care responsibility have been given the option to increase tax bills by up to five percent without holding a referendum on the policy. Many councils are expected to go for the full five percent, meaning a hefty tax bill increase for residents. Chancellor Jeremy Hunt announced in the Autumn Statement the core referendum limit for increases in council tax would go up from two percent to three percent, from April 2023. Meanwhile, the adult social care precept flexibility is increasing from one percent to two percent. Sarah Coles, senior personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, warned local authorities will likely increase bills “as much as they can”. The group warned the average Band D council tax bill could increase from £1,966 a year to as much as £2,064. Ms Coles said authorities may decide to maximise their council tax increases because of the pressure of soaring costs for social care, while the National Insurance burden from council worker wages is also increasing. National Insurance bills are set to increase as the allowance, which is the amount a person can earn before they pay tax, has been frozen at £12,750. READ MORE: NS&I announces January 2023 Premium Bonds prize draw winners - have you won £1million?  As incomes and salaries increase, more people will pass these frozen thresholds meaning a greater National Insurance bill to pay. A person can find out their council tax band by using a tool on the Government website. The tool works simply by a person putting in their postcode. It will then come up with a list of the different house or property numbers for that postcode, and their respective council tax bands. The results will also tell the person which local authority covers that postcode, with a link to their website. DON'T MISSfirst direct offers 7% interest rate to savers in 2023 [UPDATE]Energy bills rise today for millions despite price guarantee [LATEST]HMRC warning as ‘most pressing’ tax deadline looms in weeks [NEWS] If a person wants to work out how much council tax they should pay, they should know three things. These are: READ MORE: Reducing thermostat can knock £300 off energy bills a year  However, some people will not be counted when working out how many people live in a property, for calculating council tax. In these cases, a household may be able to apply for a discount on their council tax. Individuals are disregarded if they are: John O'Connell, chief executive of the TaxPayers' Alliance, warned raising council tax will increase the burden on struggling Britons. He said: "Raising the cap on council tax rises will leave households exposed to surging bills. “Local authorities are undoubtedly facing higher overheads, but significant rate increases can't be justified while vanity projects and exorbitant salaries persist. "Instead of expecting taxpayers to bear a greater burden, councils must rein in wasteful spending and commit to keeping costs down."