Foo Fighters addressed their future as a band after the tragic death last year of their longtime drummer, Taylor Hawkins, at age 50. The legendary rock band admitted it will be “different” going forward after going through the “most difficult and tragic year”. Taking to their official Twitter account on Saturday, the band looked back on their trajectory as they acknowledged the support from their fans across the world. The statement began: “As we say goodbye to the most difficult and tragic year that our band has ever known, we are reminded of how thankful we are for the people that we love and cherish most, and for the loved ones who are no longer with us.” It continued: “Foo Fighters were formed 27 years ago to represent the healing power of music and a continuation of life. “And for the past 27 years our fans have built a worldwide community, a devoted support system that has helped us all get through the darkest of times together. “A place to share our joy and our pain, our hopes and fears, and to join in a chorus of life together through music." Reflecting upon Taylor’s death, the musicians added: “Without Taylor, we never would have become the band that we were–and without Taylor, we know that we're going to be a different band going forward. "We also know that you, the fans, meant as much to Taylor as he meant to you. And we know that when we see you again–and we will soon–he'll be there in spirit with all of us every night.” Taylor’s death was announced on March, 26, 2022, by the band in a statement released on Twitter. Posting on their official page, his fellow band members spoke of the "tragic and untimely" loss. The full statement read: "The Foo Fighters family is devastated by the tragic and untimely loss of our beloved Taylor Hawkins. "His musical spirit and infectious laughter will live on with all of us forever. "Our hearts go out to his wife, children and family, and we ask that their privacy be treated with the utmost respect in this unimaginably difficult time." DON'T MISS...Stacey Dooley faces 'drama' at home with Kevin before giving birth [LATEST]Only Fools and Horses' Sue Holderness suffered near alligator attack [EXCLUSIVE]Paula Abdul looks decades younger as fans question photoshop fail [PHOTOS] Taylor had been a member of the hit rock band since 1997. He joined Dave Grohl's Foo Fighters after touring with Sass Jordan and Alanis Morissette. As well as his work on the drums for the Foo Fighters, he also lent his skills singing, on piano and playing guitar to their songs. Taylor has also been credited as co-writer on every album since 1999. Alongside his work in the band, the musician has also worked with Brian May, Slash and launched several solo projects. His final performance was with the Foo Fighters at Lollapalooza in Argentina on March 20. Taylor is survived by his wife Alison and his two teenage children, Oliver and Annabelle. Tributes immediately started pouring in for Taylor, as fellow musicians shared their shock at the news and fans gathered outside of the Casa Medina hotel, where Taylor was staying.