A seventh police officer has been relieved of duty after the death of Tyre Nichols, while three firefighters were sacked for failing to conduct an “adequate patient assessment”. Memphis Police Department did not specify the role the officer played in Nichols’ arrest or identify them. The force did not confirm whether the person would face criminal or departmental charges. It comes after a sixth officer, Preston Hemphill, 26, was suspended on Monday. No criminal charges have been filed against Hemphill. Officers Tadarrius Bean, 24, Demetrius Haley, 30, Emmitt Martin III, 30, Desmond Mills Jr, 32 and Justin Smith, 28, were fired following an internal probe. JUST IN: Sixth police officer 'relieved of duty' over Tyre Nichols beating The investigation found the five had used excessive force and failed in their duties to render aid. The five officers have also been charged with second-degree murder, two counts of official misconduct, two counts of aggravated kidnapping, one count of official oppression and one count of aggravated assault. Three members of Memphis Fire Department were dismissed following an internal investigation, the brigade’s chief revealed on Monday. Staff arrived at the scene following reports a person had been pepper sprayed. READ MORE: Tyre Nichols' mother is 'not going to stop' fighting for justice Lieutenant Michelle Whitaker, who drove a fire engine to the scene, remained in her vehicle. Emergency medical technicians Robert Long and JaMichael Sandridge also fell afoul of Memphis Fire Department standards. Fire Chief Gina Sweat said: “Our investigation has concluded that the two EMTs responded based on the initial nature of the call (person pepper sprayed) and information they were told on the scene and failed to conduct an adequate patient assessment of Mr Nichols.” Sweat added: “Their actions or inactions on the scene that night do not meet the expectations of the Memphis Fire Department and are not reflective of the outstanding service the men and women of the Memphis Fire Department provide daily in our community.” DON'T MISS:Memphis cops filmed crying over pepper spray as Tyre Nichols lay dying [SPOTLIGHT]Nichols' brother 'hopes' 5 cops die as 'outraged' Biden backs protest [INSIGHT]Bodycam video shows five officers beating man as he begs for help [REVEALED]  Memphis Police Department opted to permanently disband its violent criminal Scorpion unit on Saturday. Mr Nichols’ stepfather Rodney Wells said on Saturday that the family was going to “continue to seek justice and get some more officers arrested”.  