Nicola Sturgeon has announced that transgender woman Isla Bryson will not be imprisoned in the all-female Corton Vale prison. Scotland First Minister's told Scottish Parliament would not remain there either "short-term or long term" after she was sent to Corton Vale whilst she awaits sentencing. Bryson,  previously known as Adam Graham, was on Tuesday found guilty of raping two women. Confirming the news Sturgeon said it would "not be appropriate" to give details of where Bryson would be incarcerated instead. The initial decision to house Bryson in the all-female prison sparked outrage over fears for the other women in the facility where inmates share communal spaces, including showers. Leading Scottish politicians expressed concern with SNP MP Joanna Cherry saying it appeared Bryson had "games the system" to "garner sympathy". Asked if he should be in a male prison Ms Cherry replied: "Yes." Bryson's estranged wife Shonna Graham claimed Bryon's decision to change gender was a "sham for attention" in the hope of securing an "easier life in prison". Speaking to the Daily Mail she claims Bryson never once mentioned identifying with the opposite sex when they were together and was shocked to hear of sexual assaulter undertaking gender reassignment after facing the rape charges. She said she "fell out of bed laughing" when she first saw photos of Bryson in a "blonde wig and pink lycra leggings" as she accused her ex of stabbing and trying to rape her while they were together. She also accused Bryson of being abusive during their relationship. READ MORE: Andrew Bridgen sues Matt Hancock for £100k over Covid vaccine spat  Bryson denied the rape charges, as the abuser told the High Court in Glasgow that the sex was "consensual". Bryson claimed to have had gender issues since the age of four, and began the transition in 2020, after a court appearance in 2019 following the charges. Judge Lord Scott told Bryson the crimes are "considerable" and that "a significant sentence is inevitable".  During the trial the court heard from one of the victims, a 30-year-old woman who cannot be named for legal reasons. She told the court the then Graham was so "muscular" and "strong" she couldn't push him off. The victim told the court: "I tried. I said ‘no’ multiple times. Just no, there was nothing else I could do. I was scared and did not know what else to do.”