The UK’s first-ever space launch could take place from Spaceport Cornwall as soon as 10.16pm on January 9, Virgin Orbit has confirmed today. The mission — dubbed “Start Me Up” — will carry satellites into orbit for seven different commercial and governmental customers for several nations, including a collaborative UK–US mission to study space weather phenomena. Instead of a conventional lift-off from the ground, Virgin Orbit is using a two-stage-to-orbit  air launch, with LauncherOne rocket to be first ferried 35,000 feet up into the atmosphere under the wing of a modified Boeing 747-400 airliner, “Cosmic Girl”, before being jettisoned to leave Earth's atmosphere under its own power.  Virgin Orbit CEO Dan Hart said: “After ensuring that every technical aspect is sound and every regulation and code has been satisfied, it is gratifying to see this historic endeavour on the verge of coming to fruition. This launch represents the opening of a new era in the British space industry and new partnerships across industry, government, and allies. Space is already responsible for tens of thousands of jobs across the UK, the global industry is growing quickly, and so is the potential. “And this launch is demonstrating that with the Virgin Orbit LauncherOne system an airport can become a spaceport that sends humankind’s innovations on their journey.” UK Space Agency Deputy CEO Ian Annett said: “We are entering a new era for space in the UK with the first ever satellite launch from UK soil and from Europe. “This is a significant landmark for the nation, the UK Space Agency and for all those who have worked so hard over many years to make our ambitions to create a commercial space launch capability a reality. “The development of new orbital launch capabilities is already generating growth, catalysing investment and creating jobs in Cornwall and other communities across the United Kingdom. “This will lead to new careers, improved productivity and inspire the next generation of space professionals, and this is just the beginning. “I look forward to seeing more launches from other UK spaceports over the next year, putting us firmly on the map as Europe’s leading destination for commercial small satellite launch.” READ MORE: What NASA is doing in 2023 to put humans back on the Moon Spaceport Cornwall Head Melissa Thorpe said: “This is a phenomenal moment with incredible international collaboration. Virgin Orbit, the UK Space Agency and all of our partners are breaking new ground to transform access to space across the world from right here in Cornwall. “My team at Spaceport Cornwall have worked so hard to get this far and we wish everyone the best of luck as the launch window opens, we are ready.” Alongside being the first orbital launch from UK soil, Start Me Up — named after the 1981 hit by the Rolling Stones — will also represent the first commercial launch from western Europe as well as Virgin Orbit’s first international launch. The 70-foot-long LauncherOne rocket has already been used in five missions, although these departed from the Mojave Air and Space Port of California, in the USA. DON'T MISS:The 19 drugs addressing serious shortages amid NHS crisis [INSIGHT]Massive Viking hall unearthed in biggest find in a decade [REPORT]New Covid Omicron subvariant is the ‘most transmissible’ yet [ANALYSIS] According to Virgin Orbit, the 33 satellites already deployed via LauncherONe were all successfully carried to the precise, desired orbit — while demonstrating in the process the ability to fly through (and blast-off above) inclement weather. The aerospace firm has said that the flight manifest for the upcoming Start Me Up mission is completely full. Among the payload are the two shoebox-sized satellites — known as ‘CubeSats’, after their shape — that will make up the Ministry of Defense (MOD)’s Defense Science & Technology Laboratory’s Prometheus-2 mission. According to the UK Space Agency, the pair of CubeSats “will provide a test platform for monitoring radio signals including GPS and sophisticated imaging, paving the way for a more collaborative and connected space communication system with our allies.” Joining the Prometheus-2 craft onboard LauncherOne will also be “DOVER”, a pathfinder satellite for resilient global navigation satellite systems; “ForgeStar-o”, an in-space manufacturing facility designed to return to Earth for re-use; and “AMAN”, a single Earth-observation satellite that represents the first orbital mission for the Sultanate of Oman. 