On Monday morning, Paul Burrell joined Lorraine on her self-titled ITV show where he shared the "life-changing news" he has prostate cancer. However, he also spoke about the Royal Family and claimed Prince Harry has "forgotten" what it means to be "loyal" to your country.   Paul stated: "You know how much I loved her and protected her memory. He knows all that. "Why did he call me 'Mummy's butler'? Why couldn't he have asked or come to me personally and said he wasn't happy?" Lorraine chipped in: "Because the channels are open. You would be very happy to hear from him of course you would." "Absolutely," Paul replied. "I've always defended him. Always. To the last minute. READ MORE: Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show "Now, I'm thinking, 'Harry you've lost the plot.' What’s happened? "There's been a shift in that young man, he's changed and I’m saddened by it. “My mental health has taken a bashing, does he not consider that or the mental health of anybody that he writes about?” He later added: "Harry comes from a very different place. He comes from a very privileged world. "He's forgotten the words loyalty, duty, respect to his country, to the people of this country and to his family." The former royal butler also touched on the loss of Queen Elizabeth, commenting: "From the age of 18 she [Queen Elizabeth II] was my surrogate mother. "She taught me about life on a daily basis. She encouraged me to get married, to have children. “She looked after me, she took care of me and we had a bond. When she passed I was devastated. DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly begs King Charles to say no to 'tell-all' interview [VIDEO]King tipped to bury hatchet with Sussexes to save coronation [LATEST]Prince Harry dubbed Meghan's 'third child' as experts poke fun at Duke [INSIGHT] “I miss her, I miss her presence in our country, she was the beating heart of our country, it will never be the same again.” Paul was on the ITV show to reveal he has prostate cancer, which he was diagnosed with in 2022. He told the host: "In the summer I had to go for a medical for a TV programme I was doing and I had a full MOT. "Out of that came a surprisingly high PSA test [a chemical released by the prostate gland]. I had no idea what a PSA test was. “So I went to my GP, he said, ‘This is unusual’ and he examined me and sent me for an MRI scan. "And the MRI scan of course was the window in which they looked through and saw a shadow on my prostate.” Paul went to America and told his sons of his diagnosis. He tearfully recalled their response: "They sat with me and held me and said, ‘Dad, we need to spend more time with you.’” Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV at 9am.