Kensington Palace has been urged to respond to claims in Prince Harry's memoir, Spare, that the friend of an unnamed member of staff took cash payments for selling stories about him and wife Meghan Markle. Quoting several paragaphs of the book, Royal expert Peter Hunt, a former BBC correspondent who conducted the Prince of Wales's first ever broadcast interview, tweeted: "An extraordinary allegation that has received zero coverage. Has anyone asked Kensington Palace what action - if any - was taken by Prince William?" The passages of the book in question refer to a meeting between Harry and his brother to discuss alleged leaks. Harry writes that he was "braced for a lecture" which "didn't come". Instead William seemed "subdued", the Duke claims. He adds: "I told him about one past staff member sabotaging Meg. Plotting against her.  "I told him about one current staff member, whose close friend was taking payments for leaking private stuff to the press about Meg and me." Harry claims his sources were "above reproach", and included "several journalists and barristers". He also writes that he had visited Scotland Yard, presumably to make them aware of his claims. Harry adds that Kate and William "had their suspicions", with William pledging to "look into it". JUST IN: Prince Harry and Royal Family get five-point plan to mend relationship Express.co.uk has contacted Kensington Palace for comment, as well as the Metropolitan Police. Spare offers an extraordinary insight into the strain placed on the relationship between the two brothers in recent years, with Harry claiming his brother physically attacked him during one row centred on Meghan, knocking him over so that he cut himself on a dog bowl. Speaking to ITV's Tom Bradby in an interview aired on Sunday, Harry suggested some actual royals and staff had briefed against him and his wife. He said: "The saddest part of that is certain members of my family and the people that work for them are complicit in that conflict. DON'T MISSPrince Harry mocked on Jimmy Kimmel as US audience howls with laughter [VIDEO]Harry’s trashing re-ignites Diana conspiracies - RICHARD FITZWILLIAMS [COMMENT]POLL – Should Rishi Sunak 'stand up' to the European Research Group? [POLL] "So though I would like to have reconciliation and I would like accountability, I have managed to make peace, over this time with a lot of things that have happened." Specifically, he claimed the royals in question were leaking stories in order to shore up their own public images. He added: "Those certain members have decided to get in the bed with the devil, right? - to rehabilitate their image.