Strictly Come Dancing star Tyler West is paired up with his 2022 partner Dianne Buswell for the show's UK tour, while Molly Rainford is taking to the stage with Carlos Gu. However, fans think they have reason to believe that Tyler, 26, and Molly, 22, might have found a connection outside of the dancefloor with each other. The pair were spotted enjoying a break during the busy tour schedule, cuddling up to each other in photos snapped earlier this week in Nottingham. They were taking time out from their rigorous rehearsal routine, letting loose and enjoying drinks alongside the Strictly crew members. At one point, Molly affectionately placed her arm onto Tyler's, while they stood together, remaining deep in conversation. In spite of the loved-up atmosphere, a source close to Molly previously insisted that the pair are "just friends". READ NOW: Stacey Solomon left tearful as she finally announces baby's gender Express.co.uk has contacted the pair's representatives for comment. However, a Strictly insider has now claimed to The Sun that Tyler and Molly were the talk of the town - and the Strictly cast - due to their "flirty" behaviour. Adding that they were both young, free and single, the source disclosed that they "have really hit it off", meaning that "romance could be on the cards". "Tyler is well known on set for his banter and friendly nature and has definitely impressed Molly with his sense of humour," the source explained. The Kiss FM presenter was booted out of last year's competition in week nine, while Molly had clung on all the way to the final. However, she was pipped to the post by BBC wildlife presenter Hamza Yassin, whose enormous progress week-on-week captured the hearts of viewers. Undeterred, Molly has recently told of her plans to return to the music scene, citing greats such as Dua Lipa as her inspirations. "It has been a while since I have done my own music," she mused, adding that she also loves Anne Marie. DON'T MISS... Monty Don and wife Sarah’s financial struggles made him ‘loony’ [UNEARTHED INTERVIEW] Pamela Anderson claims she spotted Jack Nicholson having a threesome [SCANDAL] Love Island's Molly-Mae Hague admits attempt to breastfeed herself LATEST]  "I can now bring in my new dance skills to my music which I couldn't do before so I think Strictly has definitely made me a more confident and complete performer and artist," she told The Sun. "I just want to keep writing and create my own career as a pop star." Her passion for rhythm is something she will share in common with Tyler, whose job roles as a KISS FM presenter and DJ have immersed him in the world of music too. In fact, late last year, the star unleashed a brand new radio station for KISS, titled On The Dancefloor with Tyler West, which is aimed at 15-34 year olds. He has shared some of his favourite club tunes, past and present, from Craig David's Rewind, to Beyonce's Break My Soul, as part of the show. "I am picking the biggest and best dancefloor vibes so the nation can get up and get on the dancefloor with me," he revealed during promotion of the channel. "Everyone gets to see my moves on a Saturday night and now I want to see yours! "I can’t get every single one of my favourite tracks on to Strictly but I can get them onto my playlist for On the Dancefloor!"