No Sunday dinner is complete without a Yorkshire pudding, and one of the nation’s beloved home cooks, Mary Berry has shared her recipe. The original recipe is available in her cookbook Mary Berry’s Family Sunday Lunches, and Mary demonstrated making them back in 2014 for her Mary Berry Cooks show on BBC Two. Speaking about the recipe, Mary said: “I’ve made a few Yorkshire puddings in my time and I think mine are the best. “My recipe has changed over the years – flours have become more refined and I find I get the best rise adding more eggs and omitting a little milk. “If you only have full-fat milk, replace a quarter of the milk with water." The recipe serves eight, takes less than 30 minutes to prepare and 10 to 30 minutes to cook. READ MORE: Food storage hacks to keep bananas perfectly yellow & edible for 2wks 100g/4oz plain flourA quarter of a teaspoon of saltThree large eggs225ml semi-skimmed milkApprox 125ml sunflower oil DON'T MISS...Luckiest animals in the Year of the Rabbit 2023 [GUIDE]Beauty expert’s 5-step routine to reverse ‘sagging jawline & jowls’ [EXCLUSIVE]Everything you need to know before starting a juice diet [EXPERT] 1. Preheat the oven to 220C, Fan 200C, Gas mark seven. You will need a 12-hole deep bun tin or two four-hole large Yorkshire pudding tins. 2. Measure the flour and salt into a bowl and make a well in the centre. Add the eggs and a little milk. Whisk until smooth and gradually add the remaining milk. This can be made by hand but is best made with an electric hand whisk until the bubbles burst on the surface. Pour the mixture into a jug. 3. Measure a dessert spoon of oil into each hole of the 12-hole tin or a tablespoon in each hole of the 4-hole tins. Transfer to the preheated oven for about five minutes until the oil is piping hot. READ MORE: Best method to cook a jacket potatoes in 15 minutes - no oven 3. Measure a dessert spoon of oil into each hole of the 12-hole tin or a tablespoon in each hole of the 4-hole tins. Transfer to the preheated oven for about five minutes until the oil is piping hot. 4. Carefully remove from the oven and pour the batter equally between the holes. Mary said: “You have to hear that sizzle, that’s an essential part, so when that batter goes in, it gets a shock and is ready to rise up.” 5. Return to the oven and cook for 20-25 minutes until golden brown, “puffed up and well risen”. Serve immediately. The puddings can be made completely ahead and reheated in a hot oven (temperature as right) for about eight minutes. The batter can be made up to two hours ahead. The Yorkshire puddings also freeze well after being cooked.