That would equate to roughly 10 to 15 tanks by most people’s reckoning. Ukraine has been crying out for western main battle tanks (MBTs) for months now, so this can only be a good thing, no? Well, no, to be honest, certainly not from a military point of view. But first a declaration of interest; I was part of that small and perfectly formed unit of staff officers who recommended that the German Leopard 2, not Challenger 2, be procured to replace our ageing Chieftain fleet back in the mid-1980s. I have written extensively elsewhere why we advised so, but suffice for the moment to record that we were ignored. Which is part of the reason why the UK now finds itself with a small, obsolescent MBT fleet. Economies of scale allowed the German model to be continuously upgraded over the intervening period, whilst Challenger 2 has had minimal improvements. Leaving that aside for the moment, why is the rumoured offer so underwhelming? Well, for starters, 10 tanks is a drop in the ocean relative to the numbers of MBTs that Kyiv needs.Ukraine is a big country, and the front line, such as it is at the moment, stretches for more than 1,000 kilometres. The Ukrainians need hundreds of western tanks before they can even contemplate going on a general offensive. Second, thanks to that well-known British exceptionalism when it comes to arms procurement, there is nothing about Challenger 2 that is compatible with the vast array of equipment that Ukraine now fields. Nothing.  The sad truth is that Britain, the inventor of the tank, is not really in the tank game any more. When I served with the 4th Royal Tank Regiment in BAOR in the 1980s, the 1st British Corps fielded some 900 Chieftain tanks. Today, with good luck and a following wind, the British army might, I repeat might, be able to put about 100 or so Challenger 2’s in the field. That’s roughly two regiments’ worth, it would be a struggle, and they’d last about a week in combat. This evisceration of British tank numbers has happened partly because of the parsimony of our elected representatives in Government, aided and abetted by a lack of attention to conventional warfare by successive military chiefs from light infantry backgrounds, who became mesmerised by fighting the historical campaigns of the North-West Frontier all over again in Afghanistan and, to a lesser extent perhaps, in Iraq. I could name them, but they know who they are. But we are where we are. What Ukraine really needs, as I have written before, is modern tanks in numbers, and the only real contender is the German Leopard 2. It’s available in quantity, is highly effective and reliable, and is already fielded by other European nations, plus it has a much shorter supply chain to Ukraine. But countries like Poland can’t send theirs to Ukraine without Germany’s blessing, and that’s where the blockage now lies. As you may have surmised by now, I don’t think there’s any point, therefore, in sending a slack handful of Challenger 2s to Ukraine, not from a military perspective anyway. It would be more trouble than it's worth. Possibly it might show some symbolic purpose and encourager les autres to pressurise Germany to relent. But that’s it, really. Regrettably, the UK has more or less retired from the tank game now, and it’s probably best left to others to provide what Zelensky needs.