 BBC Breakfast celebrates its 40th anniversary this year after first launching in 1983. As the BBC show looks back at its history, beloved weather presenter Carol Kirkwood addressed her future on the show, 25 years after she joined in her latest role.     Weather presenter Carol joined the show in the year it was launched as a production secretary. Carol left BBC Breakfast and returned several times over the years in different roles. She joined as a weather presenter in 1988 and has built up a loyal following ever since. Speaking ahead of BBC Breakfast's anniversary, Carol said: “I love my job. Read more: BBC's Naga Munchetty slammed for 'car crash' Ed Milliband grilling  “I love the variety, I love the weather, I love the outside broadcasts and the fact that we get to meet everyone when you're out and about. “And you get to see different parts of the country as well that you may not otherwise have seen. “It's a brilliant job and I'm so lucky. Why would I want to do anything else?” “I'm very happy doing this,” the meteorologist told The Sun.     Carol has gained a host of loyal fans since taking on the role of BBC Breakfast weather presenter. BBC viewers often share their admiration for Carol on Twitter complementing the presenter on her style. However, she shut down the idea she’s seen as a “sex symbol”. “No, I'm the girl next door. I'm certainly not a sex symbol,” she said. DON'T MISSBBC Breakfast's Carol Kirkwood finally addresses Naga Munchetty 'feud' [INTERVIEW]Carol Kirkwood taken aback as BBC co-star refuses to answer [VIDEO]BBC boss hits back at viewers over 'excessive' Prince Harry coverage [INSIGHT]     “Seriously, I would never see myself in that light in a million years.” The UK’s most watched morning news programme will celebrate its 40th anniversary on Tuesday. Jon Kay and Sally Nugent will present the special episode which includes a special half hour when BBC Breakfast will be rebranded to the original programme Breakfast Time. There will be a segment narrated by Jon on how the show came to be created at 6.30am, the time the first show was launched.     A host of special guests will join BBC Breakfast including Leo Sayer, who was a guest on the very first programme. Carol will be joined by the first Breakfast Time weather presenter Francis Wilson. Richard Frediani, Editor of BBC Breakfast commented: “Life begins at 40… and what a 40 years it has been. BBC Breakfast is the UK’s number one choice every morning, so we want to celebrate this occasion in the best way possible, bringing back presenters, taking a look at the archives, and marking history, showing some of our favourite TV moments from the very first show. “We have a great team, on and off the camera, and I’m delighted to be at the helm for this special birthday. I hope viewers will enjoy the trip down memory lane as much as we have enjoyed making it while we prepare for an exciting 2023 with big plans for the year ahead.” BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily at 6am. 