Princess Charlene and Prince Albert wished their Instagram followers a happy New Year as they shared a short video clip to social media. Charlene looked stunning in a sparkling dress. For the New Year's video, Charlene opted for a brand new dress from Swiss fashion label Akris. Charlene owns many garments from this brand, but this sleeveless, floor-length dress was new. Called the Metallic Lurex Cotton Crochet Embroidery Gown in Silver Ecru, the dress costs €5,490 on the Akris website, or £4,865. Charlene kept the rest of her look simple - with her peroxide hair slicked back in its usual style. She also donned small stud earrings. Charlene is a fan of Akris and has many dresses by the designer. The Swiss fashion house specialises in luxury goods for women designed by creative director Albert Kriemler. Charlene has attended their fashion shows, even becoming a dear friend of Mr Kriemler in the process. The owner of Chic Happens boutique, Claire Robinson, previously spoke to Express.co.uk to explain why Princess Charlene turns to this brand of clothing so frequently. DON'T MISS:Woman loses 3 stone after doctor's told her it would be 'impossible' [PICTURES]3 ‘outdated’ hairstyles women 40+ should avoid as 'they age you' [BEAUTY]Food storage hacks to keep bananas perfectly yellow & edible for 2wks [EXPERTS] She said: "Princess Charlene is undoubtedly a huge supporter and fan of Akris. She loves wearing their clothes and despite being quite a private royal, she has uncharacteristically publicly praised the Swiss Fashion House. "It's easy to understand why. Akris is a prestigious and truly authentic third-generation family-owned business. A rare gem in an industry where so many great fashion houses have been bought by huge corporate entities." Royal fans commented on Charlene's look, with many praising her, while one was unsure of the colour of the dress. Instagram user @sabrina_hala wrote: "Charlene is magnificent." READ MORE: Star signs: Zodiac expert shares each star signs luckiest colours However, user @scarfie1 said: "I do wish Charlene would wear some colour all these monotones wash her out. Okay she may not feel like colour but a pastel would be nicer. She never looks truly happy, definitely a troubled woman. "Pity the children are dressed in black/grey." The royal watcher added: "Wish the children didn't wear black and grey. They're not children colours." User @frog06000 added: "Very dark and serious 'grown up' clothes on the children. Not a fan." Rosie McGuire, however, said that Princess Gabriella's outfit was "cute". She added: "She's adorable." Gabriella was dressed in an Armani two-piece - her jacket and dress were matching. The jacket, called the Kids Cropped Bouclé Jacket, featured a collar and a zip. The dress, on the other hand, had a black bodice with a grey neckline and a grey skirt.