Rishi Sunak today defended the Royal Family as an institution to be "proud" of despite a string of further revelations from Prince Harry in his bombshell memoir. But the Prime Minister dodged a series of questions on if he would help thrash out a reconciliation between the royals and the Duke of Sussex if he was asked to intervene in the long-running rift. During an appearance on the BBC's Sunday With Laura Kuenssberg, it was put to Mr Sunak that former premier Sir John Major offered support to then Prince Charles and Princess Diana, whose marriage ended in divorce. Host Laura Kuenssberg said: "John Major was called on to help work things out when things got very difficult between Prince Charles and Lady Diana. If you are asked to help a royal reconciliation would you be willing to?" An uncomfortable Mr Sunak replied: "I would always just not comment on matters to do with the Royal Family." The presenter pressed: "There's a precedent here, a prime minister previously was called on to help. Now if you were called on to help would you? Surely you wouldn't say no." Dodging the question again, Mr Sunak said: "I would never comment on matters to do with the Royal Family." Ms Kuenssberg continued: "But people look to you for leadership as the Prime Minister. "And I know you don't want to get into the family rows, but for the public how can the British public have faith in that institution when they see that dysfunction and allegations of fighting and betrayal at the top? Do you think the public can still have faith?" Mr Sunak said: "I think the public like me have enormous regard for the Royal Family, they're deeply proud of them. "I certainly am, it's one of the things I'm most proud of when I think about what it is to be British. "When I get to go around the world and champion Britain as an amazing country with so many things that we can be proud of, our institutions including the royal family are one of those." Asked if the royals have been damaged by Harry's allegations, Mr Sunak added: "In general I wouldn't get into talking about the Royal Family but it's something that I'm proud of and I think the country is proud of. "We saw that last year very movingly multiple times and I'm confident we'll see it this year with King Charles's coronation, which will be another fantastic occasion for the country to come together and celebrate something that's special about Britain." It comes as Harry has plunged the Royal Family into a fresh crisis with his tell-all book Spare. The tome is out on Tuesday but in a major blunder it was put on sale early in some Spanish bookshops, prompting a flurry of revelations to emerge. Among the most explosive claims by Harry is that his older brother Prince William physically attacked him in a row over Meghan Markle at Nottingham Cottage in 2019. The former soldier has also sparked a backlash with his disclosure that he killed 25 Taliban insurgents while serving in Afghanistan. And the 38-year-old goes into excruciating detail about losing his virginity to an unnamed older woman who treated him like a "young stallion" and "spanked my ass" in a field behind a pub in 2001 when he was 17. 