Over 100,000 homes were impacted and left without water after a water main burst and caused a flood. According to Scottish Water, the incident had affected the water supply to around 100,000 properties in parts of the city of Glasgow and East Dunbartonshire.  In a latest update released around 11pm, the company said that it has restored water to our network that supplies customers in the Glasgow City centre, Kelvinside, Tradeston, Ibrox, Knightswood, Yoker, Scotstoun and Partick area. It further stated: “A small number of customers may still be experiencing no water or low pressure whilst the system continues to recharge and recover.” Reports of interruptions were first made to the water company around 4pm on Tuesday, January 24. Concerned Glasgow residents took to Twitter to complain about the problem.   Many residents complained that the colour of the water is “yellow”. A social media user @stevenlyon1 tweeted: “Water is yellow, how long will this take to clear?” The company responded: “Hi there, the issue you are experiencing sounds like natural sediment which has been disturbed. “This sediment lies at the bottom of our mains and the water usually flows over the top of it and you would never know it was there.” READ MORE: Transgender woman who 'preyed' on victims found guilty of rape  Another user @fross_fiona tweeted: "Another burst. At the junction of Victoria Circus and Dundonald Road in Dowanhill, G12." At 7.30pm, the company said the water main had been isolated and teams were working to restore water to 56,000 properties across Knightswood, Yoker, Scotstoun and Partick. Flooding was seen on Auchenhowie Road in Milngavie and the surrounding area. A Scottish Water spokeswoman said: “This is a major burst which is impacting a lot of our customers and we want to reassure them we are working as quickly as possible to carry out this repair and restore supplies. DON'T MISS:‘Freezing fog’ to engulf parts of Britain as Met Office issues warning [INSIGHT]Tories increasing election efforts amid Reform UK poll bounce [SPOTLIGHT]Kate Middleton’s special talent at home laid bare by Prince William [REVEAL] "We apologise to all customers affected for the inconvenience and disruption. "Our teams are currently working alongside the police and fire service, and as soon as more information becomes available, we will be in touch." Greater Glasgow police warned people to keep away from the are due to "significant flooding of the A81 (Glasgow Road) at its junction with the A807 (Auchenhowie Road) and the surrounding area." They added: "The following road closures are now in place: Auchenhowie Rd closed at the roundabout junction with Boclair Rd; A81 (Glasgow Rd) closed at the roundabout junction with B8030; A81 shut at Dougalston Ave. "Please avoid the area until further notice and heed advice re alternative routes." 