Gabby Agbonlahor is unconvinced Leeds United's January transfer business will help them avoid a second successive relegation scrap this season. Leeds are on the verge of their third winter signing as they slump 15th in the Premier League, one point above the drop zone. Jesse Marsch has added RB Salzburg centre-back Max Wober and Hoffenheim striker Georginio Rutter to his squad this month, completing an £11million and a club-record £35.5m deal, respectively. And the West Yorkshire side are expected to announce the loan signing of Juventus midfielder Weston McKennie imminently after the USMNT international confirmed his move on Instagram. But Agbonlahor has shared concerns over whether Rutter, Wober and McKennie will be able to make the required instant impact at Elland Road. Speaking exclusively to Express Sport with Grosvenor Sport, the former Premier League striker said: "The striker they brought in [Rutter] is under 21, isn't he? Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE "For France [U21], he looks like a finisher, but Bamford's back now [and] scored a couple in the cup, one against [Aston] Villa. "Rodrigo, I do like. They've got some exciting players as well. They've brought players in, Leeds, but I just think... 19 games left, you've got some tough games to play. "Everyone's fighting for their lives down there. I don't really think Leeds can say the signings that they've made are going to get them definitely safe." Agbonlahor believes the club's business won't be enough to help them escape a relegation battle featuring seven teams, including Everton, West Ham United and Wolverhampton Wanderers. READ MORE: Jurgen Klopp's view on Liverpool future with surprise exit clause  "I'm not sure they're [Leeds are] safe because I think it's going to be a 19-game tournament for Bournemouth, Southampton, [Nottingham] Forest, West Ham, Everton, and Leeds," Agbonlahor explained. "I've been there, the teams, and I missed one... maybe Wolves as well. They're all going to keep beating each other. "I don't think there will be one of those teams that just win three in a row and get out of it. I think this relegation battle's going to go all the way with seven teams battling." Leeds return to Premier League action this weekend with a crucial trip to the City Ground to face relegation rivals Nottingham Forest. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here