Shiva featured in BBC Two’s 10 Puppies and Us as an unruly young dog who chewed the furniture and soiled the carpet. Her owner, international psychic and crystal healer Delia Lewis, also appeared on the 2017 programme. Shiva is understood to be one of the dogs rounded up by police after the 28-year-old woman was bitten to death at a beauty spot on the North Downs in Surrey last Thursday. The woman was reportedly attacked by at least four animals but it is not known whether Shiva was one of them. Armed officers raced to Gravelly Hill in Caterham following reports that two women had been attacked by a dog. The tragic incident happened as the dog walker struggled to control seven pets she was exercising. One of them apparently bit a woman after chasing her small dog. The dog walker tried to drag the hound back and it turned on her. A horsewoman described how she then watched in horror as the young woman was attacked by at least four animals. “She was swamped by at least four medium-sized dogs, maybe more, attacking her, pulling at her arms and sides and she was screaming and shouting,” the woman said. “I don’t know why they kicked off the way they did. Maybe a couple were fighting with each other and she tried to intervene and they saw red and just kept going. “When she saw us, she said, ‘Turn back! Turn back!’ “I cannot see how she could have got up. Once you’re down and the dogs are attacking like that, how could you get up?” Paramedics battled to save the woman but she died at the scene. The other woman suffered non-life threatening injuries and was treated in hospital. She has since been discharged. Shiva had originally been called Maple but Ms Lewis decided to change it as it was “far too sweet a name for this dog.” A vet in Wimbledon, south west London, recently described the Leonberger as a “giant girl with the sweetest nature ever.” The breed, named after a town in southern Germany, is known for being “robust, loyal, intelligent, playful and kindly.” Surrey Police said in a statement: “The 28-year-old woman from London, who was believed to have been out walking dogs, was sadly pronounced dead at the scene. She has yet to be formally identified but her next of kin have been informed. “A post-mortem examination to establish the cause of her death will take place in the coming days. “Eight dogs have been seized and remain in the custody of police. Their owners have all been contacted.” Forensic work at the scene has been completed and police cordons have been lifted, the force said.