The antiques show will see the dealer and TV presenter in his element as he explores interesting finds and watching them go to auction. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Paul Martin teased some of the most unique items and "treasures" from the upcoming Channel 5 series. Paul, 64, has taken part in several antique shows, and come across some very interesting items in that time, some of which have surprised him when they go on to sell for an extraordinary amount at auction. When asked about memorable moments from the new series, Paul explained: "Oh, gosh, there were lots of things. "There was a tiny little wooden, very early 18th-century peg doll, like a George I. "[It was] very naive with traces of original paint - it was about nine inches high." READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss Paul continued: "And it had been loved and looked after and you could see the rub marks and the care that it had, for all those centuries, you know, passed down through families and little girls' treasure. "Just a little like a rag doll made of wood. For me, I knew it would fly. "I said it would take about £400 to £600 in auction and I think at the end of the day, it made about £800 or £900. "So that's nice. We've had military RAF watches, you know, picked up at a car boot sale and selling for thousands - literally, thousands. "I don't want to give too much away but you know, there's lots of finds and there's lots of treasures, and there's some lovely things." The antique expert added: "And we can all we can take something away from it. You know, and remember the owners. But we've all got stuff like that." He explained he hopes the show can remind people to have a look through some of their own belongings to realise they could be worth something. Talking about the programme itself, Paul explained: "It's Channel 5's biggest commission in their history, 80 programmes to be made in one year. "I believe it will go on the Neighbours slot once or twice a day in the afternoon and early evenings. DON'T MISS... Matt Hancock squirms as Susanna Reid asks ‘do you want to host GMB?' [VIDEO]Richard Madeley sparks uproar as he gets 'facts wrong' in GMB clash [REACTION]GMB viewers blast Matt Hancock’s ‘car crash’ interview [LATEST] "It's a bit like Flog It! with valuation day with experts on hand, on and off cameras and being part of a show and seeing how a programme is made. "Where it's different to Flog It! is that we go on the rostrum and auction the items ourselves rather than give it to another auctioneer to do so, so the onus is on us to sell it. "We have a competition to see who can sell the most and who can make the most money for people who bring their antiques in. "We also have another section like the Antiques Roadshow where any profits made are given to charity. So it's very much like Flog It! meets the Antique Road Trip." The Great Auction Showdown with Paul Martin is due to air on Channel 5 soon. Additional reporting by Phillipa Jane Wielgos.