Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag could find introducing a salary cap a ‘difficult’ role to implement, according to former Premier League star Alan Hutton. The Red Devils are poised to introduce a new rule that will stop players from earning eyewatering sums at Old Trafford, particularly in the wake of Cristiano Ronaldo’s departure. However, it’s certainly a move that isn’t without a few risks. It recently emerged that United were aiming to introduce a ‘Ronaldo rule’ as they look to scale the same heights of old. Ten Hag is keen for the maximum earner to be capped at £200,000-a-week as he looks to make his mark at Old Trafford. United previously paid Ronaldo almost double that and, with the 37-year-old failing to live up to expectations after his return in the summer of 2021, the club are now taking action. Former Aston Villa and Tottenham star Hutton thinks it is a wise move from the Red Devils. But he’s also suggested the club will find it difficult to implement and that ‘conflict’ could stem from any such decisions. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “I think it just keeps a cap on it so it does not get out of control,” he told Football Insider. “I understand how changing rooms work. If you are one of the main players and you see somebody else who is not playing as much getting a better wage than you, there is going to come a time where conflict arises. “Everybody has to buy into it and what happens to the players that are over that budget at this moment in time? “There is a whole lot of stipulations that come along with it. “I know clubs that already do that, the likes of Tottenham, they rarely go outside that. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see “It is up to the club to implement it but it is obviously difficult to do.“ Several of United’s current players are set to be impacted by Ten Hag’s new rule, starting with goalkeeper David De Gea. The Spain international pockets a massive £375,000-a-week at the club having penned a lucrative contract in 2019. However, United are hoping to agree on a new deal for De Gea on reduced terms - with the veteran happy to stay at Old Trafford. Casemiro also earns the big bucks at the club, with the Brazil international on close to £300,000-a-week. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And with United hoping to tie down Marcus Rashford, it’ll be interesting to see what the England forward decides amid interest from Ligue 1 giants Paris Saint-Germain. Meanwhile, regarding Ten Hag, former United star Patrice Evra is happy with the work he’s done at the club so far. However, he believes they must be more clinical and controlling in matches if they’re to reel in the likes of Manchester City and Arsenal. “I think United are now more consistent, I expect this season to be like a rollercoaster but at the moment we have more ups than downs,” he said. “There are two things that I still don't like about United, the first is they aren't clinical enough and secondly they aren't in charge, they aren't in control. “Maybe the team isn't ready yet to be in control for 90 minutes or even 70 minutes. “When we play against teams, yes we're winning, but we still aren't in control and this is dangerous, especially when you play against teams like Man City. “Of course, now there's a different atmosphere. I feel like now there's no pressure. “Since we've come back from the World Cup without Cristiano in the team, I feel like people are happy. Let's be honest, people are also relieved. They feel like they don't have all that talk around the club anymore. United right now are healthy. “When you have the fans, it's key, especially in derby games or when they play teams like Liverpool. They are the key. There's a healthy atmosphere. The fans are behind the players. “No matter what happens in the match, if United have a difficult first 15 minutes against City, that's when they will be key.”