After all, most strikers are being paid by us, the taxpayer, and we deserve a better level of basic functioning services. Last year, the UK excess death rate was over 650,000, one of the worst levels outside the pandemic in 50 years. At the start of this month, the president of the Royal College of Emergency Medicine said the current crisis in urgent care – part of the never-ending NHS crisis – could be causing “300- 500 deaths a week”. It takes a particularly cynical healthcare union to encourage strike action just as the NHS is on its knees, and there is little doubt that delayed waits for ambulances will cause deaths. The NHS received more than £150billion in 2022. Just last July, all nurses received a pay rise, with most earning above the average wage. A nurse with up to four years’ experience saw an increase from £47,126 to £48,526. It’s a tough job that we all value enormously but the scale of pay does increase substantially with experience. Like us all, nurses are concerned about their income keeping up with the cost of living, but above-inflation wage demands only increase the rate of inflation for us all and cannot be afforded by a government that is already spending record amounts of our money on the health service – and yet it is still considered to be “broken”. Increased pay must be linked to improved productivity. Even the Labour Party is clear there is no bottomless pocket for the NHS without fundamental reform. With 23 percent of patients heading to A&E after failing to get a GP appointment, Shadow Health Secretary Wes Streeting is right to suggest GPs should not be the “sole gatekeeper” to NHS care, proposing patients should be able to self-refer themselves to specialist departments and pharmacists should be able to prescribe medicines.  Unless these reforms are agreed, the NHS will never be the five-star service many of us believe it still is. And no matter how much the NHS is on strike, more money will not solve the fundamental problems. It is therefore essential that while vital negotiations are ongoing, taxpayers should not be held hostage but be guaranteed a proper minimum level of lifesaving service. “There has to be a minimum safety level that people can expect even on strike days,” says Business Secretary Grant Shapps, “particularly in areas like healthcare, making sure that an ambulance can turn up, for example.” Equally essential is a skeleton train service than can run during strikes, ensuring urgent transportation of goods and passengers. Yet union dinosaur Mick Lynch, boss of the RMT, would be happy to see unending strikes if it meant crushing the Government into an inflation-busting deal. The damage he is willing to inflict on our national economy is hitting at the very source of money that pays for his workers. Train drivers were recently offered a pay increase that would take their average basic wage from £60,000 to £65,000 but they’re still going on strike. How can that be justified when the Government has subsidised the loss-making train network to the tune of £42billion since the beginning of the pandemic? That’s a handout of £1,300 per taxpayer for a service that has been erratic since last summer and could ultimately be replaced by self-driving trains.  Of course, there is a political dimension to all this strife. Hard-Left union bosses want to create a winter of discontent of the type that ejected Labour from power in 1979 but now directed at the Tory Government. However, they should be careful what they wish for, as some Labour MPs are taking a surprisingly robust stance, aware that taxpayers’ cash can only be stretched so far, with the indefatigable Mr Streeting challenging the practices of the hard-Left-run British Medical Association by saying the NHS is “a service not a shrine”. In the meantime, the public deserve a law protecting them from reckless union bosses who care little for the rest of society and are willing to wreck our economy and put lives at risk. It is, after all, us who foot the bill for all public sector workers and yet are suffering most from their never-ending strike action. 