The pair have sat on the iconic red sofa together since 2009 when Naga Munchetty first joined the show, and created a special bond ever since. The pair often tease one another over various different things, however, Naga recently spoke out about the criticism she receives over the outfits she wears during BBC Breakfast. Keeping professionalism during her time on the news show, Naga always looks put together when it comes to her outfits. However, she is still subjected to trolling on social media over her outfit choices and recently clapped back at the criticism. Speaking to Radio Times, she explained: "I get more comments than Charlie but I think also that is because men just wear suits, so there isn't really too much to object to. "Whereas I don't wear suits and buy my own clothes. So inevitably people think they can comment on what I wear." READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash Naga has previously addressed the negative comments she receives about her wardrobe, and has even replied to the trolls herself. In July last year, she wore a brown silk dress during the show, prompting one viewer to tweet: "That reminds me @TVNaga01, I must put the black bin bags out today." She responded to the tweet: "That's funny x." Naga has also addressed the criticism in a previous interview with the Daily Mirror, where she explained: "I'm on telly. "I'm in your home, so if you want to criticise me, fine - but I'm not there to be abused. You don't abuse someone while they're doing their job." Last year, she also hit back at a negative remark from a Twitter troll that read: "God I hate that woman with a passion @DefundBBC." The journalist jokingly replied: "Ooh. You are passionate about me… Am taking it. X." Naga can often bare the brunt of public criticism, as Charlie wearing suits means there is less for viewers to say about him. DON'T MISS...GB News sparks uproar as Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'ill' [INSIGHT]Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer  [WATCH]Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry [LATEST] A couple of years ago, a comment swept the headlines when a troll questioned why Charlie "has to wear a formal business suit", whereas Naga "seems to be able to wear whatever the hell she wants". Naga instantly hit back with a retort of her own and replied: "Paul - Three suggestions: 1. Add a picture of yourself to your Twitter profile, 2. Think about what you Tweet before you write [and] 3. I'll leave you to guess this one...," Naga and Charlie take their job very seriously, ensuring they keep viewers up to date with the latest headlines, however, know how to lighten the mood. She recently teased her co-star that they are the only duo where the woman has shorter than the man. There have been many comments and rumours surrounding whether Charlie wears a wig during the shows. He told Radio Times that it had even been addressed by Liza Minelli who leaned over him and pulled his hair "just to test it". Charlie was previously praised by singer Lewis Capaldi for his "great hair" and Naga mouthed: "It's a wig!" in response. "It’s a wig, is it? I didn’t say that. Looks great," Lewis shot back, while Charlie added that Lewis had "great hair too". You can read the full interview with Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt in this week's Radio Times, out now.