Our Yorkshire Farm was a Channel 5 hit with fans falling in love with Amanda Owen and her children. Filmed at Ravenseat Farm, the escapist series explored the family's home and working lives and repeat episodes are now being aired. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the series and its future. Our Yorkshire Farm aired for four seasons from 2018 with fans watching the Owen children grow up each year. The hit series followed the Yorkshire Shepherdess as she raised her children to embrace farm life and the great outdoors. Episodes are being rerun on Channel 5 but unfortunately, the series will not be returning with a new season. News of the show's cancellation came at the same time as the announcement of Clive Owen's new series, Beyond the Yorkshire Farm. READ MORE: Amanda Owen shares her secret to battling burnout Amanda's ex-husband and her eldest son Reuben were filmed for their own show away from Ravenseat. The series saw the father-and-son duo launch Reuben's new digging business and Amanda did not feature in the documentary. The show aired for one season before it was announced Amanda was launching her own new show. Amanda Owen's Farming Lives started airing on More4 on January 25 and it sees the Yorkshire Shepherdess visit different farms to find out the pressures they face. Amanda explained in the first episode: "At home in Yorkshire, life revolves around lots of sheep and a fair few kids. "But in this series I'm really broadening my horizons, immersing myself in daily life on some of our most incredible farms. "I want to celebrate the amazing folk who keep this country going at a time as challenging as any of us can remember." She described the series as feeling like "a leap into the unknown", but said she was "up for anything". DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen leaves fans amazed over 'natural' beauty Amanda Owen on self-care as she 'takes time' after Clive breakup Amanda Owen opens up on whether she’s ‘sad’ her baby days are over The star has been keeping her fans up to date with her latest ventures on Instagram as even though Our Yorkshire Farm has ended, her followers are still keen for insight into her life. She recently shared a snap of her flock of sheep emerging from the evening mist as she watched over her animals. The star has also shared some photos with some of the families she has met while filming her new series. Her show has received mixed reviews, with one viewer commenting: "Disappointing and quite boring as this farm has been visited previously. "I have great admiration for the family running it but Amanda Owen didn't add anything interesting. "Hope the next episodes are not re-runs of visits by previous presenters. A total let down and I switched off after 10 minutes." However, another fan said: "What a brilliant programme. Congratulations!! "So full of heart regardless or not whether we have seen this family before. I found it so uplifting. Thanks so much."  Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch on My5.