Health secretary Steve Barclay is expected to unveil a significant emergency package costing hundreds of millions of pounds this week. It will include provisions to buy thousands of beds in CQC registered care facilities. The spending is on top of the £500million social care package promised by Chancellor Jeremy Hunt in the Autumn statement. Currently, 13,000 patients who do not need to be in hospital are blocking beds needed by others. It is hoped that the plans will open up another 1,000 to 2,000 beds and will start to have an effect within the next four weeks. The funding will be given to local councils and the NHS to held to provide “step down” care and improve discharge rates from overworked hospitals. Speaking on Sunday the Prime Minister declined to describe the NHS as being in crisis, despite Sir Keir Starmer warning the health service is not just on its knees but “on its face”. The Labour leader has urged ministers to negotiate with striking health workers and to alleviate the sprawling NHS waiting lists, describing the institution as being in “the worst crisis we’ve ever had” after “13 years of neglect”. He told Sky’s Sophy Ridge On Sunday: “We’ve got to acknowledge that the health service is not just on its knees, it’s on its face.” But Mr Sunak told the BBC that the NHS is “under pressure” and experiencing “unacceptable delays”, after he held emergency talks with health leaders over the weekend. "But actually I came away from all my meetings with a renewed sense of confidence and optimism that we can get to grips with this problem. "We've got a plan that we've got in place that we're making sure that we can actually deliver." Mr Sunak used an emergency meeting on Saturday to take “bold and radical” action to alleviate the winter crisis in the NHS. The Prime Minister told them during Downing Street talks that a “business-as-usual mindset won’t fix the challenges we face”. England’s chief medical officer Professor Sir Chris Whitty and NHS England chief executive Amanda Pritchard were among at the meeting. Alongside Health Secretary Steve Barclay and Treasury minister John Glen, Mr Sunak held sessions on four key issues including delayed discharge to social care. They explored ideas during the so-called NHS recovery forum on how to improve ambulance and A&E performance, cut waiting times for surgery and relieve pressure from GPs. Senior doctors have warned the NHS is on a knife-edge, with many A&E units struggling to keep up with demand and trusts and ambulance services declaring critical incidents. A wave of strikes and high levels of flu and coronavirus are compounding the huge pressures in the health service.