Shakhtar Donetsk chief Darijo Srna was pictured in the Chelsea director's box - just yards from Todd Boehly - for the Blues' Premier League clash with Manchester City after holding talks over the potential sale of Mykhaylo Mudryk. The Croatian has been in London the past few days to discuss a deal for Shakhtar's £85million rated talent as Chelsea and Arsenal continue to lock horns over the signing of the highly-rated 22-year-old attacker. Mudryk has continuously made it clear he is keen to join Arsenal this month on social media, liking a series of Gunners-related posts on the platform. However, the Premier League leaders have found it tough striking a deal with Shakhtar despite tabling two rejected bids to date. The latest was worth in excess of £62million with add-ons but still, Shakhtar have held firm as they seek to encourage an auction. The Blues are understood to have invited Srna over to the capital for face-to-face discussions this week, in which Chelsea outlined their interest in signing Mudryk. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Graham Potter's side are still yet to make their move though but two first-half injuries to Raheem Sterling and Christian Pulisic could now see them spring into action. Srna, who was positioned two rows in front of Boehly in the same proximity as new Chelsea signings Benoit Badiashile and David Datro Fofana, could be forgiven for rubbing his hands together after witnessing the two fitness issues, which are likely to create a thirst for attacking reinforcements at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea are believed to be prioritising the signing of a central midfielder, though, despite struggling in their bid to sign Enzo Fernandez from Benfica. Arsenal remain confident they will win the race for Mudryk and that the player wants to join the Gunners over Chelsea. Shakhtar's sky-high valuation remains the sticking point, however and unless their asking price is reduced, Arsenal seem unlikely to match their excessive transfer demands. Srna was also spotted dining with ex-Shakhtar team-mates Eduardo (formerly of Arsenal) and Willian (also formerly of Arsenal and Chelsea) prior to the match. Carlo Nicolini, who is the deputy director of Shakhtar are continuing to use Manchester United's signing of Antony as the benchmark during negotiations. Nicolini told CalcioNapoli24: “Given that we have no need for transfers, we said that we will take time to evaluate the strongest players in this position, such as Antony. This is the parameter.” Mikel Arteta has previously indicated that he wants his January transfer business completed early but Shakhtar are continuing to disrupt their plans but holding out for a mammoth fee. Chelsea's talks with the Ukrainian outfit are believed to have been positive, which would suggest a bid from the Blues could be imminent. Mudryk will be due to report for Shakhtar's training camp in Turkey on December 10. The chances of any deal being completed before then are currently unlikely unless there is major movement in the coming days.