As the NHS is tackling its worst winter on record amid flu and strep A infections, backlogs, worker strikes and severe waiting times, the public have been advised to take precautions. In new advice to stop the spread of flu, and the new covid strain, people have been encouraged to don a face mask once again if they feel unwell. The new “highly infectious” Covid strain is not thought to cause worse illness than previous strains. Professor Lawrence Young, a virologist at Warwick University told MailOnline: “The XBB.1.5 variant is highly infectious and is driving increase hospital admissions in New York, particularly among the elderly. “We don’t know how this variant is going to behave in the UK…This is a wakeup call – a sharp reminder that we can’t be complacent about Covid.” Parents have been asked to keep their children at home if they have a fever and to ensure they regularly wash their hands. As students are set to return to school this week, Professor Susan Hopkins, the chief medical adviser at the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) gave Brits advice. Professor Hopkins said: “If your child is unwell and has a fever, they should stay home from school or nursery until they feel better, and the fever has resolved. “Adults should also try to stay home when unwell and if you do have to go out, wear a face covering.” GB News presenter Mark Dolan lashed out at the potential return of face coverings, or what he called “muzzles”, saying it “will open the door to future medical tyranny.” Mr Dolan cited the definition of madness of “doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result” and said it “seems to be a good way of summing up public health”. READ MORE:House prices to tumble in biggest decline since financial crisis He continued: “Surely three years after the arrival of Covid we are not still flogging these filthy wretched muzzles, are we? Have we really got to go through all of this again? “Face masks are environmentally catastrophic, non-recyclable with billions now discarded making their way into the sea and slowly threatening the food chain. Well done everyone. “They impede economic activity, human interaction they affect education.” The new advice is attempting to curb the steep rise seen in hospitalisations for people with flu which has increased seven-fold in a month, new data has revealed. The President Society for Acute Medicine, Dr Tim Cooksley told Sky News: “This situation is much worse than we experienced under the Covid pandemic at its peak.” DON'T MISS:Poll shows 98 percent support scrapping of TV licence for all over-75s (POLL)Who YOU picked as Express.co.uk Person of the Year 2022 (REVEAL)UK pledge to help Kyiv grasp victory in 2023 (INSIGHT) Dr Cooksley called for “urgent action” to tackle the pressures on the health service while Mr Dolan said face masks are “Covid theatre at its very worst”. Mr Dolan argued: “These masks are just there to virtue signal what a nice person you are whilst in my view, the only thing they actually signal is that you don’t understand science.” The GB News host quoted former SAGE adviser Dr Colin Axon who told the Telegraph last summer: “Standard face coverings are just comfort blankets that do little to reduce the spread of Covid particles.” Mr Dolan attempted to whip up fear among his viewers by claiming masks are “about control and compliance…[and] they represent obedience”. He concluded: “Masking up this winter will open the door to future medical tyranny.”