Amanda Owen, who is perhaps better known as the Yorkshire Shepherdess, has seen a huge surge in earnings, it has been revealed. The Our Yorkshire Farm star's business is now worth £343,924 - up £177,995 from 2020. Accounts show the mother-of-nine's company, called Yorkshire Shepherdess LTD, is now worth £423,639 in assets. A total of £83,753 is owed to creditors, leaving Amanda with £343,924 in the bank. It is a significant increase in earnings in comparison to 2019 when she took home £39,000. Our Yorkshire Farm was a huge Channel 5 hit and it centred around Amanda, her children, hundreds of farm animals as well as Clive. READ MORE: Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again The show first hit screens in 2018, but Amanda made her first television appearance alongside Clive, 68, in 2011 on The Dales which aired on ITV. They met in 1955 after she arrived at his farm as a 21-year-old trainee shepherdess. Clive was already divorced with two children when he met Amanda. It was not long before they got married and started a family of their own to raise on Ravenseat Farm.  Our Yorkshire Farm fans were left heartbroken to hear Clive and Amanda were splitting last year. Amanda penned on social media at the time: “Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate. "This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family." "Just like any marriage we have our stresses and strains," she said. "We've never said our marriage is perfect. DON'T MISS...Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen left without water at Christmas [LATEST]Amanda Owen struggles with power cut at Ravenseat farm [UPDATE]Our Yorkshire Farm's Reuben Owen makes savage dig at dad Clive  [VIDEO] Clive and their eldest son Reuben now have their own Channel 5 programme called Beyond The Yorkshire Farm: Reuben And Clive which Amanda is not a part of. Clive and Reuben, 18, have embarked on a digging business together and their first job was to dig a series of pools in Cumbria. Despite their split, Amanda still lives and works on Ravenseat Farm with her children. She told Lorraine Kelly in recent months: "Life carries on on the farm.   "Obviously, there is a whole raft of things to do – nine children, a whole heap of animals. We are just working away, the same as before. She also shared the family still has meals together to keep things normal for the children. Beyond The Yorkshire Farm episodes are available to watch on My5.  