A mother lost a spectacular six stone in seven months after deciding to make a simple lifestyle change during her first maternity leave. Aine O’Conor, aged 30, slowly incorporated a new exercise routine into her days after realising her weight was "holding her back". She made the change in April last year having just returned to work as a beauty therapist after taking nine months maternity leave to have her child, Grace. Aine tipped the scales at more than 16 stone at her heaviest as bad snacking habits, housework, a long commute and a frequent struggle to sleep took their toll. But the beauty therapist, who says she has always felt judged for her appearance, signed up to Slimming World and, in the seven months that followed, shed an incredible six stone. She went from a dress size 20 to a 10 and puts her success down to setting aside time to walk 10,000 steps a day. Speaking from her home in Stockport, Greater Manchester, today, Aine told Manchester Evening News: "I knew my weight was holding me back and stopping me from being the confident version of me. Working as a beauty therapist and managing two salons, I was feeling that others may make assumptions of me, my size and judging my ability on my weight. "This is something that made me judge my confidence even more I am aware how important image is in the job that I love to do, however, this wasn’t my sole reason for wanting to lose weight. I realised how little energy I had and really wanted to feel like the fabulous me again. "I am well on my way to reaching my personal chosen target weight loss of six stone. "Bev, the consultant, and the members have been brilliant - I am so looking forward to 2023."  Aine had previously tried Slimming World and felt awkward about returning. However, the mum-of-one said consultant Bev made her feel "instantly at ease" and talked her through setting goals in order to achieve her target weight. "I think it didn’t work because I wasn’t in the right headspace and was doing it for the wrong reasons," Aine said. "I was purely doing it for my appearance. Which although there was nothing wrong with that, when I didn’t achieve fast results I just switched to a fad diet. "This time, it was more for health as well as appearance but I wanted to be able to enjoy life a bit more and move more freely especially after welcoming Grace knowing I’d soon have a toddler to keep up with. "Bev not only made me feel welcome but my gorgeous baby girl Grace too as I had taken her along with me. I felt instantly at ease, the members too were amazing."  The super slimmer continued: "Bev explained the group would be essential in supporting me to get to my chosen target weight and this is where the support would be to help me set my own goals, working on weekly behaviour changes and the psychological element." Aine said she is still able to eat out once a week and enjoys a few glasses of wine on a Saturday night, never feeling as though she has to deprive herself. Along with her 10k steps a day and following fitness videos, she is still able to eat her favourite foods including curry and pasta. 