The Yorkshire Shepherdess hit out at the alarming impact Brexit has had on the agriculture industry and feels that the market has been absolutely destroyed. Speaking to Times Radio the farmer, 48 said: “It [Brexit] destroyed our market. “That’s absolutely what it did. We’re a country that has a lot of marginal lands that is only suitable for grazing livestock - sheep in other words." She continued: “We had markets in Europe, Spain, and Greece, they all wanted lightweight lambs that we supply. “But unfortunately that market is pretty much shut off from us.” READ MORE: Robert Rinder 'unrecognisable' after break with Carol Vorderman Amanda also came out in support of under-fire presenter Jeremy Clarkson. Who she praised for being an avid supporter of the farming industry. Amanda claimed that the star has a strong fan base within the farming community and that "farmers love him". She said: “I'm absolutely sure of that because he highlights the problems of farming even under his umbrella of humour and doing it all wrong.” “He has absolutely brought to the nation how difficult the job is." The Channel 5 star's comments come after she recently hit the headlines when she revealed that she had split with her husband Clive and now was running the remote farm with the help of her nine children. Speaking to The Times, Amanda explained fans assume that life is a lot tougher since the split from her husband, who was 21 years her senior. But the author feels that life has now become a lot easier with the couple living apart from each other. The farmer also shared that Clive is still local and lives just a stone's throw away from the brood on a neighbouring farm. She said: “We have two farms that are basically next door to each other. It’s close enough for it to be useful, but far enough for us to have space.” DONT MISS: Emmerdale Live Update: Ross Barton to kill Cain Dingle? Lisa Marie Presley slurs words at Golden Globes just before death Love Island's Olivia defended by I'm A Celeb star amid Haris exit  "Whatever our personal situation, there’s a farm to run and nine children to look after so we’re working together to make it happen." The couple share Raven, 21, Reuben, 19, Miles, 16, Edith, 14, Violet, 12, Sidney, 11, Annas, nine, Clemmy, seven, and six-year-old Nancy. With the oldest three either at university or working, Amanda says that her days are planned with military precision. She said: “So phase one is getting my 14-year-old and 12-year-old ready for the school bus. "That means an hour of shuffling around sullenly and eating breakfast without speaking. l get a pot of porridge going on the range and people will help themselves.” “Phase two is sorting the younger lot — there’s always someone who has forgotten their swimming costume or trumpet.” She added that the kids don wellies and boiler suits over their school uniforms and what keeps her going throughout the day is industrial quantities of tea. Of her children, she said: “They’re all incredibly independent but if something brilliant is happening like a cow is calving or it’s a really starry night, we’ll go out and experience it together because that’s what memories are made of.”