Skits ripping into Prince Harry on Jimmy Kimmel Live expose him to criticism behind closed doors with members of the Hollywood elite, according to royal expert Kinsey Schofield. The comments come after A-lister Kimmel mocked passages of the Duke's memoir on his late night show, including parodying an account about his frostbitten penis. "Jimmy Kimmel’s criticism of Harry must be especially hard for the Sussexes to swallow. Kimmel is truly a member of the Hollywood elite. He vacations with Jennifer Aniston and counts Matt Damon and Ben Affleck as some of his closest friends," Ms Schofield told Express.co.uk. She added: "If Kimmel has the courage to tease Prince Harry on national television, imagine the conversations that have happened behind closed doors with his peers." With the release of Meghan and Harry's Netflix series and the Duke's book, Spare, it's likely some of the Sussexes' high profile friends are starting to feel "duped", claimed Ms Schofield. The ToDiFor founder said: "Harry and Meghan opened themselves up to mockery and criticism with both the production of their Netflix reality show and Spare."   She went on to claim: "It’s simply one brother who envies the other. I think certain individuals are starting to feel duped." On his show, Kimmel savaged an account about the Duke's penis becoming frostbitten during a North Pole charity walk, reading a parody children's book titled: The Prince and the Penis. The mockery of the Duke of Sussex, 38, was met with howls of laughter from the US audience and even referenced the late Princess Diana, Prince Harry's mother. Kimmel reads: "My poor little prince, put this cream on your willy. "It will lessen the ache and make it less chilly." READ MORE: Megyn Kelly laughs at Prince Harry's 'todger' troubles While Prince Harry's character responds: "But mummy, have you heard about Sir Sigmund Freud?" The full bit on Jimmy Kimmel Live can be seen in the video above. In his book, Prince Harry claimed the chilling incident occurred while on a walk with other veterans. The memoir also reveals intimate details and arguments within the Firm, something which celebrities who value their privacy are likely to take notice of, according to Ms Schofield.  DON'T MISS:Harry undermines Anne's work as he slams 'rigged' hardest-working list [INSIGHT]Prince Harry ‘gone for broke’ with memoir says biography expert [ANALYSIS]William publicly responds to Harry claims for first time [REPORT] She told Express.co.uk in a previous interview responding to the Sussexes' Netflix series: " Beyoncé doesn't want you reading out private text messages on your reality show. Beyoncé, the Obamas, they value their privacy." Spare was released January 10 and has rocked royal watchers across the globe, sparking debate. The book dives into Meghan and Harry's split from the royal household as well as the Duke's younger years. It details a series of bombshell claims in the Prince's own words. It became the fastest selling non-fiction book ever, with 1.43 million copies sold in the UK, US and Canada alone on the first day of its release.  