A person can pay into the account as many times as they like and can save a maximum £50 each month. On BBC Money Box, Nicky from Cheshire explained how helpful the scheme has been for her in managing her savings. Nicky heard about the Help to Save scheme in May 2020 and it seemed like a good option for her. She said: “I will be able to withdraw in May 2024. “By that time if I manage to save the maximum amount which is £50 each month, I will receive my second bonus and I will have £2,400 saved at that point if I don’t make withdrawals. “It’s super easy to save and I set up a direct debit so I don’t have to think about it.” READ MORE: Inheritance tax: Britons warned of ‘strict rules’ when leaving property to your children If a person saves a maximum £50 each month, they will save £2,400 over the four years and get £1,200 in bonus money. This means a person should be careful about withdrawing funds as this will affect the bonus they receive. For example, if a person paid £25 a month into their account for two years, their highest balance after two years would be £600 and they would receive a £300 bonus. A report from the Resolution Foundation found that only one in 10 eligible people are doing the scheme. READ MORE: 'Had no idea!' Man shocked to find out he's been missing out on getting extra £200 a month  Help to Save is the only savings policy targeted at low-income families as eligibility is determined by benefit receipt. The report showed that while satisfaction with the scheme is high (only three percent of people report being dissatisfied with it), take-up is low, with less than one in ten eligible participants using it. The report notes this may reflect the fact that many benefit recipients are simply unable to save, but with 92 per cent of monthly Help to Save deposits at the maximum value of £50, people who do engage are clearly keen to save as much as possible. The report notes this may reflect the fact that many benefit recipients are simply unable to save, but with 92 percent of monthly Help to Save deposits at the maximum value of £50, people who do engage are clearly keen to save as much as possible. To do this, Help to Save (which is estimated to currently cost just £43million) should be expanded by auto-enrolling benefit claimants into the scheme, doubling the monthly savings cap to £100, and excluding the scheme from the savings rules in Universal Credit that reduce people’s benefit entitlement if they have savings. Mubin Haq, chief executive at the abrdn Financial Fairness Trust, said: “Savings are essential to weathering economic shocks, but too many have no savings especially those on lower incomes. “Government support should be targeted at those most in need but currently it is the richest 10 percent of families who benefit the most from these incentives – their gain is 20 times more than those who are in the poorest 10 per cent of families. “It’s essential that help is better targeted to those on lower incomes if we are to provide the safety buffer so many need. “Help to Save provides an opportunity, but at present this is too small-scale and only taken up by a fraction of those who would benefit. Reforms such as auto enrolling benefit claimants could quickly transform this initiative into a much-needed safety net for millions.”