Chelsea have so far failed in their attempts to convince Benfica to take a lower fee as they ramp up their efforts to sign Enzo Fernandez in the January transfer window. But Todd Boehly is unlikely to give up when the Blues have a bloated squad of talented players to use that may entice Benfica into accepting a swap deal. The Blues were initially thought to be committed to exercising the minimum fee release clause in Fernandez's contract after agreeing personal terms with the 21-year-old. But the £105million fee has proved to be too high even for a man with Boehly's deep pockets. According to reports, Chelsea tried to negotiate a fee of around £75m (€85m) or a structured payment method which would see them pay a fee in excess of the £105m release clause. But the Portuguese giants are standing firm and insist Fernandez will only leave if his release clause is met. Still, it appears Chelsea may well be able to tempt Benfica by including players in the deal, although Hakim Ziyech, David Datro Fofana and Andrey Santos have reportedly been snubbed by head coach Roger Schmidt. Express Sport looks at four players that could help smooth over the protracted transfer. READ MORE: Chelsea 'eye Fernandez swap' to salvage deal after talks collapse The American winger has seen his reputation enhanced after a decent display at the World Cup, which many saw as an opportunity for Pulisic to put himself in the shop window. And of the players that Chelsea would be willing to let go, he would be the most attractive proposition. Still only 24, there is a feeling that Pulisic needs a move away from Stamford Bridge to resurrect his career after struggling to meet expectations following his £58m move in 2019. In a lower quality league with lower levels of physicality and pressure, the winger could play to his strengths and potentially earn another big move down the line. Chelsea value the USA international at around £40m, but with his contract set to expire in 2024, it might be a marriage of convenience to let him leave for free in part exchange if it means saving a fortune in the Fernandez deal. DON'T MISSFour Chelsea stars who could see Blues career ended by Enzo FernandezLiverpool and Newcastle to battle for Pulisic as Klopp plots reunionCaicedo 'firmly on Chelsea radar' despite N'Golo Kante news Some fans may be disappointed to see Chelsea going all out to sign Fernandez for a huge fee when their summer recruit from Inter Milan has been thriving at youth level. The 19-year-old signed in a £15m deal from the Italian giants and has made a lasting impression when turning out for their Under-21 development squad. The west London club have lined up a loan switch for the talented youngster in January anyway, and a short-term stint with Benfica might be a way to satisfy all parties. Benfica would need to find a central midfielder capable of doing Fernandez's role and Casadei, as a towering presence with an excellent range of passing would fit the bill. It may help Boehly to remind the Portuguese side that the last player to head their way in a swap deal with Chelsea was Nemanja Matic - and the Serbian's success in Portugal earned the club a healthy £21m profit only three years later. The Gabonese has looked lost since arriving at Stamford Bridge and few could blame him for feeling unwelcome. The 33-year-old was brought in specifically by Thomas Tuchel to bolster their strikeforce due to their close relationship, only for the German to be sacked a week later. Despite the £12m transfer fee and £200,000-a-week wages, Aubameyang has scored only three goals in 14 appearances for the Blues. Graham Potter has indicated that Kai Havertz is his preferred choice for the No 9 role, consigning Aubameyang to the bench in a bit-part role. Simply put, that is not what the former Barcelona striker wants at this stage of his career and the chance to compete for a place at Benfica, with Champions League football on offer, could lure him to Lisbon. Fernandez is not the only player Benfica are trying to keep out of the clutches of Europe's elite, with first-choice stopper Odysseas Vlachodimos a target for Juventus. And the Greek does leave, Benfica could do worse than recruiting America's most exciting goalkeeping prospect. Chelsea paid £10m to acquire 18-year-old Slonina from Chicago Fire with an eye firmly set on the future, and a loan move to gain first-team experience has always been on the cards for the towering shot-stopper. Benfica is where goalkeepers such as Ederson and Jan Oblak earned their status as some of the world's best. And perhaps a two-year loan, helping Slonina experience a different culture of football, would benefit the youngster greatly if Vlachodimos departs.