Philadelphia 76ers head coach Doc Rivers labelled James Harden a ‘scoring Magic Johnson’ after the superstar guard led his team to a win over the Detroit Pistons. Harden is enjoying a productive season as he aims to return to his best and lead the 76ers to the NBA Finals. At the start of the season, Harden admitted he needed some adaptation time following his trade move to Philadelphia from the Brooklyn Nets. He was singled out by critics for failing to effectively gel with star player Joel Embiid, who is enjoying an MVP-calibre season. However, Harden has found consistency in his performances and is excelling. On Sunday, the 33-year-old registered a triple-double against the Detroit Pistons with 20 points, 11 rebounds and 11 assists in just 28 minutes as the 76ers came away with a 123-111 road win. Philadelphia boss Rivers was thrilled with Harden’s performance and likened his play to that of NBA legend Magic Johnson. Johnson is regarded by many as the greatest point guard in NBA history after winning three MVP awards and five NBA championships with the Los Angeles Lakers. READ MORE: Ex Miss Croatia Ivana Knoll 'distracts Kevin Durant' at NBA game “I hate to use this example, but when he's playing like this, it's like having a scoring Magic Johnson on the floor,” Rivers told reporters after the game. “When he runs our team with this kind of pace and he scores and gets assists, we're really good.” Harden’s fine form has helped the 76ers to a 24-15 record after he took a monster pay cut ahead of the season to help the team sign players and contend for an NBA championship. The 2018 MVP inked a new two-year contract worth $68m (£57.2m) with the 76ers after he declined his $47m (£39.5m) player option for the current season. Harden took the substantial pay cut for the upcoming season in order to help the Sixers pad out the rest of their roster with better players. The 76ers ultimately used the additional cap space to sign PJ Tucker and Danuel House - two of Harden's former teammates when he starred for the Houston Rockets - along with Trevelin Queen. DON'T MISSLeBron James losing his cool suggests he may regret LA Lakers dealBronny James emulates father LeBron with emphatic dunk as NBA loomsLeBron James sends furious warning to Los Angeles Lakers front office Harden is clearly committed to winning in Philadelphia, but it must be noted the commitment may only last a season if things take a turn for the worse. He will have the opportunity to opt out of his deal and hit unrestricted free agency next summer. He has been linked with a return to the Houston Rockets, although he played down such reports recently. The 76ers will surely hope a revamped roster paired with both a healthy Harden and a leading star in Embiid can take them out of the second round of the playoffs for the first time in 20 years. Philadelphia last won a championship in 1983 - and the 2022/23 season will be the 40th anniversary of that title triumph. Harden and co. will continue their journey to the postseason with another clash against the Pistons on Tuesday night.