  Saira Choudhry, 40, has shared the happy news of her engagement in view of her 14,000 Instagram followers. Yesterday, the Coronation Street star revealed that her partner Marcus Jackson had popped the question in Edinburgh.     Saira, who plays Naila Badal in the popular ITV soap, revealed that Marcus had romantically got down on one knee on New Year’s Eve. This engagement has been a long time in the making, as the couple first met a whopping 23 years ago. Saira and Marcus were all smiles as they took a selfie outside Edinburgh Castle. The thrilled bride-to-be showed off her new engagement ring, writing: “I said Yesss. Mrs Jackson it is then.” READ MORE: Cliff Richard's agony as friend who lived with him for 30 years dies    “Love you @jaxson_2013. Met you 23 years ago. Who knew our journey would lead us here. “Here’s to our next chapter,” the actress added excitedly. Saira looked stunning as she posed in a bright pink coat and showed off her perfectly-manicured red nails. The star wore her long, dark tresses in a stylish blow-out and opted for a sophisticated makeup look.     Marcus looked over the moon as he draped his arm around his new fiancée. The businessman opted for a warm-looking, hooded jacket and some blue jeans. Another sweet snap saw Marcus getting down on one knee as he asked Saira to marry him. The star looked stunned as she smiled at the camera while standing in front of a stained glass window. READ MORE... Ant McPartlin’s ex-wife Lisa sparks concern with cryptic post [INSIGHT] Joan Collins, 89, ageless in swimsuit as fans praise ‘legs to die for' [PICTURE] Denise Welch on Harry and Meghan's reaction to Prince Andrew musical [NEWS]     Saira had a recurring role on the cobbles between 2013 and 2019, and also appeared as Anita Roy in Hollyoaks between 2008 and 2011. She has also portrayed Saira in BBC's Life, and Tegan in Paul Abbott's No Offence. Most recently, Saira appeared as Nancy in BBC series Dodger, which is based on the character Artful Dodger from Charles Dickens’ novel Oliver Twist. Saira was inundated with congratulatory messages from delighted fans and fellow actors.      Film actress Siobhán Hewlett wrote: “Huge congratulations darling!!!” While Ross commented: “Congratulations! Enjoy the festivities up the toon.” Kavita penned: “Super congratulations! Really happy for you both.” “You deserve all the happiness in the world my girl,” added Sarah.   