She deplored any kind of fallouts and always agitated for a way to find a peaceful solution – especially among her children (even though, as the bratty youngest, the imaginative ways I could test my brother and sister's patience were fathomless). As she told us repeatedly, we were family. We needed to be there for each other. Always. So a line from the latest bombshell revelations from Camp Sussex struck a particular chord. In a leaked taster from Harry's forthcoming book Yawn, sorry Spare, his father is said to have pleaded with his warring sons to stop the conflict, imploring Harry and William. "Please boys, don't make my final years a misery". Devastation and despair leak from the supplications of a man in his 70s who simply wants reconciliation between his lads. Not least because Charles is said to have petitioned his sons at an anguished meeting with William and Harry following the funeral of the Duke of Edinburgh. The fact that Charles would have been reeling from the loss of his own father makes his appeal all the more heartbreaking By this point - April 2021 - relations were in complete disarray. Charles, Harry says in his book, stood between his warring sons, "looking up at our flushed faces" and it seems he petitioned them to stop. Perhaps then it shows as if we needed proof, the level of Harry's entrenched bitterness that even such a heartfelt request, issued at a time of loss, had no bearing on attempts to mend bridges. Not least with further explosive revelations from Harry's memoir: namely, on another occasion, a stand-up row that ended with William, allegedly, grabbing him by the collar and throwing him to the ground. The altercation is said to have happened during a meeting about "the whole rolling catastrophe" of their failing relationship and Harry's rows with the press. William is said to have branded Meghan "difficult, rude and abrasive". Harry accused his brother of "parroting the press narrative" about his wife. A physical attack allegedly ensued which the Duke of Sussex claims left him with "scrapes and bruises". As Harry recalls: "He [William] grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor. I landed on the dog's bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me. I lay there for a moment, dazed, then got to my feet and told him to get out." Frankly, it reads like a good, old-fashioned pub brawl, fuelled by a skinful of the landlord's best bitter. Surprisingly neither of them issued the immortal challenge "who you looking at?" But, setting aside the sheer pantomime of such a brawl, how can this latest batch of revelations help Charles fulfil his wish to enjoy a misery-free dotage? Harry not only appears to commoditise his suffering – sharing choice revelations between media platforms to maximise coverage. But what guarantee would there be that any future conversations about reconciliation won't be dished up in the second volume of his memoirs (Which I imagine won't be entitled "spare us")? In short, trust is shattered and goodwill is drained in this nuclear tantrum. Not least because his father and brother are caught in the web of Royal protocol, unable to respond. So until Harry expunges every last ounce of commercially-funded resentment, the chances of reconciliation are less than zero. As a parent Charles must ache for a return to his son. Harry said only recently that he "wants his brother and dad back". If he truly wishes to put a stop to his father's misery he has a funny way of showing it.