Ukrainian Marta Kostyuk has claimed it “hurts” to see Russian flags displayed at the Australian Open. And the world No 61 said now expects more "hate" from "very aggressive Novak fans” for speaking up on the issue. The build-up to Novak Djokovic’s semi-final with American Tommy Paul has been dominated by footage of his father posing with a Russian nationalist holding a flag with the image of Vladimir Putin. Srdjan Djokovic has now issued a statement stating he will not the match in the Rod Laver Arena tonight Four fans were evicted after Wednesday night’s quarter-final between Djokovic and Russian Andrey Rublev and tournament organisers have promised a tighter application of rules forbidding Russian and Belarusian flags and symbols in Melbourne Park. But Kostyuk said: “It hurts a lot because there were specific rules that were printed out outside that you're not allowed to bring out the flags and so on. It really hurts that they were there for quite some time. They were there on the court, in the stands as well and I just don't understand as well. It really hurts and I don't understand how this can be possible.” JUST IN: Rafael Nadal provides injury update with 'new tests' to take place   The Ukrainian, who lost in the semi-finals of the women’s doubles today with Romanian partner Elena-Gabriela Ruse, was speaking before Srdjan Djokovic issued his statement today. She was asked if he should have been banned from the tournament. “That's a lot of responsibility on me with this question,” she said. “I don't know what the rules are. I don't know what the tournament is allowed to do and what the tournament is not allowed to do. But I think these kind of things cannot be left unseen , because it doesn't matter who you are, no one is allowed to do it. “I don't know. It's very upsetting. I cannot give you an answer what the tournament should do. First of all, it's not in my power. Second of all, no matter what I say, I'm going to be hated to the rest of my life, especially by very aggressive Novak fans. People know that, not all of them, Novak has very aggressive fans. I know this because I experienced this in the past. And when I said in Paris that the Big Three doesn't support Wimbledon. How can we get the support from the tour if big names don't support the decision? And I got so much hate, especially from Serbian fans. I don't know what the rules are so I don't know what to say.” DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic 'won't miss Roger Federer' as Nadal rivalry heats upAzarenka forced to remove PSG shirt as Rybakina reaches finalTommy Paul may be toast at Aussie Open as Djokovic video resurfaces The All England Club are now considering lifting the ban on Russian and Belarusian players which was imposed last year following the invasion of Ukraine. Asked if the ban should remain in 2023, Kostyuk said: “I think yes. Because I cannot imagine if someone Russian or Belarusian wins the tournament and then the Royal Family has to hold the trophies with them. I can hardly imagine this. This is one of the big reasons they actually banned them. So I think yes.”