Blue Bloods is the family police drama with actor Tom Selleck leading the way as the head of the household, Frank Reagan. The CBS series has been a hit for 12 years and it doesn't show signs of slowing down anytime soon. Express.co.uk has all there is to know to watch the latest from Blue Bloods. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Blue Bloods. Blue Bloods season 13  started airing on Friday, October 7, on CBS in the USA. Since then, a new episode has mostly come out every week, bar a break during the winter period, with the show returning in the New Year. As a result, Blue Bloods fans expect a new episode to be released this Friday, January 27, but this won't be the case. Viewers are going to have to wait a little longer but there is no need to be concerned. READ MORE: My 600lb Life's Erica Wall looks unrecognisable in swimsuit snap CBS has already confirmed that Blue Bloods' next episode, season 13, episode 12, is going to come out in its usual time slot the following week. Therefore, The Big Leagues will be making its debut on Friday, February 3, on the American network. The break won't last more than a week as well with episode 13 scheduled to be out on Friday, February 10. It is a very different story, however, for those who love Blue Bloods in the UK. The police series may have already been well underway in the USA, but Blue Bloods season 13 hasn't even started in the UK. Last year, series 12 didn't begin across the pond until June 2022, eight months after those in the States started watching the series. A UK release date for this latest outing hasn't come out yet either. So it is thought that it could be a similar matter this time around as well for Blue Bloods. DON'T MISS...Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star [TRIBUTE]Blue Bloods’ Abigail Hawk leaves co-star ‘crying’ with sweet tribute [CAST]Blue Bloods fans outraged as Danny and Baez romance dealt huge blow [REACTION] In season 13's latest instalment, Lost Ones, Sid (played by Robert Clohessy) talks to Frank (Tom Selleck) on behalf of his son Danny (Donnie Wahlberg) regarding his colleague Acosta (Ginna Le Vine). She got hurt while on a job and is now in pain every day and has been forced to retire but the medical board won't give her full disability. Danny wants his dad to talk to the board to try and convince them to give her what she needs. Frank doesn't understand why this is so important to him until he meets Acosta for himself. She explains that she had been on Danny's squad for 10 years and believed he felt guilty. Acosta took some of his cases when he was on bereavement after Linda died and it was during one of these jobs that she got hurt. Frank manages to convince the board to give Acosta full pay and after she meets with Danny, they agree to go on a dinner date. Blue Bloods season 13 will continue on Friday, February 3, on CBS in the USA.