Many cruise ships have an optional formal night where guests can get dressed up. Some of a ship’s restaurants may also have a dress code if they’re more formal. A TUI statement said: “Each of our restaurants has a dress code, and this can differ depending on the time of day. “But don’t worry, we’ll always let you know what it is when you’re onboard. In the evening, you’ll need to follow the smart casual dress code. For men, that means full-length trousers and a polo or open-necked shirt.” On some of the cruise line’s ships, men can also wear smart tailored shorts to dinner if they want. It added: “At the weekly Captain’s Gala Reception, men will need to wear dinner jackets, tuxedos, or a suit and tie, while women dress in cocktail or evening dresses.” READ MORE: Gorgeous country is ‘by far the cheapest place to live’ for expats The Captain’s Gala is usually a special evening when guests are encouraged to dress up and celebrate. The TUI statement added: “Jacket and tie are optional, but you'll need to leave your trainers in your cabin, smart shoes are required.” Trainers are often a must-have item on a cruise where passengers will be doing a lot of walking. However, on certain evenings, guests will need to leave their trainers behind and don smart footwear. Away from formal nights, TUI also shared advice for passengers packing clothing for their cruise holiday. It said: “Think flip flops for the pool, and shampoo and conditioner for the bathroom. If you’re booked on one of our warm weather itineraries, it’s unlikely your laundry bag will quickly fill up with dirty clothes - you can spend all day on a sun lounger in your swimming costume if you want to. “Just make sure to bring something to cover up with at lunch, and a light jacket in case it gets breezy.” The majority of cruise lines won’t allow passengers to wear swimwear away from the pool and spa area. READ MORE: Cruise guest mortified by passenger’s buffet behaviour Guests will need to bring a cover-up to walk around the ship and will also need to put on footwear. TUI added: “If you book onto one of our shore excursions, make sure to consider what’s culturally appropriate to wear. “For example, if you’re visiting a religious building you might be asked to cover your legs, shoulders and hair. “Or, if you’re cruising in tropical climes like the Caribbean, bring a waterproof jacket in case of rain. “Make sure you bring some comfy shoes with you too, as your excursions might include lots of walking.” In some countries, passengers may need to cover their knees and shoulders or dress modestly. At some Caribbean ports, such as Jamaica, tourists aren’t allowed to wear camouflage as this is what the police wear. Passengers can ask their cruise line or booking agent for advice before they travel if they’re worried about the dress code.