Jose Mourinho has taken aim at his former employers Chelsea after the Blues shelled out £87million to sign Mykhaylo Mudryk from Shakhtar Donetsk. Mudryk looked set to move to Arsenal after the Gunners submitted three offers for the ace, but ultimately opted for a transfer to Stamford Bridge after reportedly being handed an eight-and-a-half year contract with wages of £100,000 a week. Chelsea have splashed the cash since being taken over by Todd Boehly at the end of last May. During the summer transfer window, they spent a whopping £271m to sign the likes of Raheem Sterling, Marc Cucurella, Kalidou Koulibaly and Wesley Fofana. And the Blues have continued to snap up new players this month, with the likes of Benoit Badiashile coming in from Monaco and Joao Felix arriving on loan from Atletico Madrid. And Christopher Nkunku is set to join the club from RB Leipzig in the summer. Chelsea appear to have an endless pot of money under Boehly. And Mourinho has compared the Blues’ situation to the one he is facing at Roma. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    “I am not expecting anyone to arrive,” Mourinho said as he discussed potential transfers after Roma had defeated Fiorentina 2-0 in Serie A. “The director [Tiago Pinto] was very honest and direct - he said things in an interview that a coach usually doesn’t like to hear. Coaches always want to hear we have lots of money, can buy option a, b, c, d, build an incredible team. That is the dream. “I worked at clubs with those sorts of practically limitless funds. There are more and more clubs nowadays who fit that profile, but it’s not our profile. We work, we give our all, we work with the characteristics we’ve got. We need to find a solution, we can’t just buy Mudryk for €100million. DON'T MISSManchester United boss Ten Hag may have pulled off transfer masterstrokeWeghorst had ulterior motive to join Man Utd as revelation comes to lightMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in private   Mudryk bagged 10 goals and eight assists in 18 games for Shakhtar this season before leaving the club to move to the Premier League. He was spotted at Stamford Bridge on Sunday as Chelsea secured only their second top-flight victory in their last nine matches when they defeated Crystal Palace 1-0. And after his signing was announced by the Blues, Mudryk said: “This is a huge club, in a fantastic league and it is a very attractive project for me at this stage of my career. I’m excited to meet my new team-mates and I’m looking forward to working and learning under Graham Potter and his staff.” 