Happy Valley recently returned to BBC One for its third and final series after a six-year hiatus. One of the show's leading actors Siobhan Finneran has promised fans the third instalment of the new season is not one to be missed. Photographs from the upcoming episode show Clare Cawood's partner Neil Ackroyd (played by Con O'Neill) taking Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah) to visit his vile father in prison.  The second episode of season three saw Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire) discover her sister Clare has been secretly taking Ryan Cawood to visit his father Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) in prison. Police sergeant Catherine has been trying to keep Ryan far away from his vile father, who raped her daughter Becky. She blames Tommy for Becky's suicide and has been on edge about him harming another loved one for years. Catherine confronted Clare in a tense showdown after she followed the former heroin addict to Sheffield where she saw her drop Ryan off at prison. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'ill'   While Clare was sitting in a nearby cafe, Catherine was outside listening to her sister's lies, claiming she was in Leeds. Viewers watched on in excitement as Catherine stepped into the cafe and sat in front of Clare. Speaking to This Morning hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield on Monday, Clare actress Siobhan teased: "All I can really say about that is I think you’re gonna have to fasten your seat belts for episode three." Pictures obtained by Express.co.uk from episode three show Neil joining Ryan to visit Tommy in jail. Ryan is also pictured looking in deep conversation with his father during the prison's visiting hours. When asked about this series being the last, Siobhan said: "This is it, yeah. We’re definitely not doing anymore. "I wasn’t aware of that, but I think that’s always been in Sally’s and Sarah’s head that they would just do three – which is great. "We leave it on something to be cherished, I think, as opposed to letting it become diluted by keep making other episodes." DON'T MISS...Here's a look at Happy Valley star James Norton's love life [UPDATE]Happy Valley fans are curious about the actor behind Ryan [LATEST]Happy Valley's Sarah Lancashire had a 'big voice' in how series ended [INSIGHT] There are six explosive instalments in the third series of Happy Valley, so there's only a matter of weeks before Catherine's storyline reaches a conclusion. Ahead of the latest series airing, Siobhan recalled: “My first day of filming on series one was in the mission - Clare answering a call from Catherine. “I think Clare was preparing a sandwich but I can’t remember what the conversation was about. I will have been a nervous wreck, I always am on day one of a job." While details on how the series will end have been kept tightly under wraps, executive producer Will Johnston revealed Sarah played a large role in how Catherine's story concluded.   He shared: “It’s sort of to be worked out together and Sally - as singular as she is as a writer and as a director - is also a massive collaborator.” 