It is understood that Mr Dhillon died while on a trip to India earlier this week. The close friend of King Charles III, as well as his two sons Prince William and Prince Harry, was 72-years-old. In 2009, the polo-playing friend was at the centre of a race row, after it emerged that Charles had given his friend a "distasteful" nickname. Charles reportedly referred to Mr Dhillon as 'Sooty', which was deemed "unacceptable". Speaking in 2009, Dhillon - who was also pals with Camilla since the early 1970s - said his nickname was acceptable. He said: "I have to say that you know you have arrived when you acquire a nickname." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'suffer on both sides of Atlantic' as their popularity takes battering He added that he enjoyed being called Sooty by his friends, adding that it is "a term of affection with no offence meant or felt". Speaking of the King, he said that Charles is a "man of zero prejudice" and has always been "most respectful" "The Prince of Wales is a man of zero prejudice and both his sons have always been most respectful." Mr Dhillon served as chairman of the Cirencester Park Polo Club, which is close to Highgrove, and was friends with Charles and his sons. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry brace for Hollywood snub as major faux pas threatens Sussex's plans Speaking since his "shock" death, Mark Hayden-Kellard, the ex-general manager of Cirencester Polo Club, said: "We're extremely sad - he will be missed enormously. "He was a huge character around here and we all loved him dearly. "We've all been really affected by it. "He was only 72 and in good health so it's come as quite a shock to all of us here at the Polo Club." DON'T MISS Prince Harry told he 'hasn't got a clue what half the words in his own book mean'Charles' attempted assassination that reignited the Prince of Wales controversyCharles’s May Coronation will be ‘half the size of Queen’s’ as new details revealed He added they the club will be "doing something" soon that will "honour his memory". Speaking at the time of the race row, Clarence House issued a statement, which read: "No one has been more of an advocate for the understanding and tolerance of various religious and ethnic groups than the Prince of Wales and his track record speaks volumes on this issue.