Whether households are planning on decorating their master bathroom or a small bathroom, designers have shared the biggest trends for 2023. While following the latest trends isn't a guarantee of achieving a timeless look, these bathroom trends can stand the test of time. Experts have also weighed in on the worst bathroom trends and why all white should be avoided. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Lee Reed, Head of Design at Easy Bathrooms, claimed that fluted finishes will be the “biggest trend” going into 2023. Fluting originated from architecture and is usually achieved through a series of shallow grooves that run across a surface, creating texture and interest. He said: “We’re seeing more demand for fluted bathroom products as they add three-dimensional elements to bathroom design that can otherwise be quite stark. “While fluting can add character and quirkiness, it doesn’t overpower a space and is instead classic and understated, making it one of the biggest trends going into 2023.” LED lit mirrors are also a trend that will be a “firm favourite” in 2023. Lee said: “Backlit mirrors are a growing trend in bathroom design as we seek out softer lighting to help create a sanctuary. READ MORE: Kitchen layout mistakes to avoid - ‘clever solutions’ to implement “They are also a practical edition, as the even amount of light that is distributed from them creates no shadows on your face - making it perfect for tasks like applying make-up, shaving and any type of grooming.” He also noted that backlit mirrors are “much more energy efficient”, as LED bulbs “use less energy and last longer” than incandescent light bulbs. The bathroom designer added: “While round mirrors have made their mark over the last couple of years, we’ll see more uniquely shaped mirrors in 2023. “Bringing a distinct and individual feel, different shaped mirrors infuse more character and a ‘wow’ point in your bathroom. Bold and arty, these statement pieces breathe style into your space and will be a firm favourite among your guests.” DON'T MISS‘Great methods’ to remove ‘tough’ yellow stains from pillows [EXPERT]Houseplant expert warns where to ‘never’ place peace lilies in winter [TIPS]Princess Beatrice and Edoardo leave central London for £3.5m farmhouse [INSIGHT] Barrie Cutchie, Design Director at BC Designs, told Expresss.co.uk that spa bathrooms are a trend that has been around for several years, but it is one that “isn’t going away any time soon” and with good reason. He said: “For 2023, the trend will slightly evolve, with warmth and soft golden hues running through the theme. Marble veins will have honey colouring and soften with the warm accents we’re seeing – brushed metallics and metal baths – will bring the trend to life.” Another way to bring life into bathrooms is to add brassware alongside black marble with gold veining, according to Barrie. He said: “Think carefully about your lighting, with different layers and ambient lighting required, to help create shadows and interest. Stay away from white is possible, and instead turned to coloured ceramics – basin and WC – to keep the trend alive.” However, the designer claimed that his “favourite” trend for 2023 will be the move to soften bathrooms from the stark bathrooms of old through the use of curves. He said: “From the shapes of our walls and ceilings, through to sanitaryware, baths and even decorative items, we’re going to be focused on curves and organic forms in 2023. READ MORE: ‘Cheapest and fastest’ method to remove mould from bathroom sealant “This trend has grown from how we reassessed our homes post Covid-19 pandemic. Adding curves introduces a visual rhythm that brings a more relaxed, softer feel to our bathrooms, removing harsh lines and angular corners. “These softer curved lines are naturally found in nature and as we become more in tune with our surroundings, our buying habits have and will continue to be influenced, both in terms of design but also focused on eco-conscious purchases.” As well as bathroom trends to add to homes, there are also some that should be avoided, according to KBR Kitchen & Bathroom. One one which is the use of Moroccan tiles. These may have dominated bathrooms for years with their black and white visual narrative, the pros claim that “it’s time for them to leave”. They said: “It is perfectly acceptable to use them sparingly (especially the black and white variety) but exclusive usage is a big no.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Keeping the bathroom all white should also be avoided as it can make the room feel “boring”. The experts said: “When it comes to the walls in the bathroom, those done up bland with all-white tend to become boring. “Anything that is overdone definitely needs a bit of balancing out. If you must, you can try to add some colour to break the monotony if you still want to retain some elements from your previous white bathroom.” The designers also noted that hanging chandeliers in bathrooms need to be “let go” of. With the onset of minimalistic design, these bulky fittings have now given way to light and defined fixtures like globe pendants or drop lights. The pros explained: “These lights not only create an impeccable impact awash with defined elements in your bathroom but are also set to replace the chandelier with their presence altogether in the coming years.”