Emmerdale's Will Taylor (played by Dean Andrews) has taken a backseat of late in the ITV soap, although, during Friday's episode he got the shock of his life when he discovered Sam Dingle (James Hooton) wearing his wife's dressing gown. However, after Sam explained his financial difficulties and how their boiler had broken, Kim Tate (Claire King) decided to let the Dingle favourite off the hook. During the episode, Will realised his watch had gone missing and immediately blamed Sam. It didn't take Sam's wife Lydia (Karen Blick) long to step in as she protested her husband's innocence. Kim arrived just in time and explained if Sam returned the watch, it would all be forgotten. Although, after insisting he didn't take the piece of jewellery, Kim told him she was given no choice but to sack him. READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row "You were the only one here, you were the only one that could have taken it," Will raged at Sam. "I am giving you one last chance to put the watch back before I call the police." "What the hell is going on?" Kim interjected as Lydia replied: "Will is threatening to call the police on Sam because he's lost his watch." Will continued: "There is more to it than that. Sam was admiring the watch, I left him here with it and when I came back it had gone." "I didn't take it," Sam argued back as Kim asked: "Why do you think he did?" Will explained: "Well their boiler is bust, isn't it? Selling the watch will give them enough to buy a new one." After sacking Sam, Lydia decided to support her husband and told Kim she was quitting as well. The mystery surrounding the missing watch has left Emmerdale viewers stumped, and many have taken to social media to share their theories about who really stole it. Many believe it could have been newcomer Nicky (Lewis Cope), while others claim Jamie Tate (Alexander Lincoln) took it. DON'T MISS...Lea Michele branded ‘disrespectful’ after ‘pushing’ Sadie Sink [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Nicky's link to Lydia in DNA twist [SPOILERS]Phillip Schofield is 'genuine' as expert speaks out on Holly 'feud' [EXCLUSIVE] Since the new nanny arrived in the village, fans think he is "too good to be true" and that he is secretly working with Kim's son, Jamie. Following the episode, Emma asked: "So who stole Will’s watch? @emmerdale." Lizzie Edwards was quick to share her theory, tweeting: "I think Caleb or Jamie Tate." She later went on to theorise: "#emmerdale I think Caleb working for Jamie Tate, not new nanny Nicky." (sic) Simon Ramsay predicted: "What if the nanny has taken the watch for some reason!? #Emmerdale." "I reckon the nanny took the watch to give Jamie Tate. Wasn’t it his to begin with? #emmerdale," Trish added. Ryan Glendenning went on to say: "I bet you any money Nicky picked up that watch by accident." "Who took Will's watch? My moneys on that babysitter!" Georgia tweeted. (sic) Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.