Another member of the Presley family was laid to rest in the Meditation Garden at Graceland today. Lisa Marie joins her father Elvis, grandparents Vernon and Gladys and great-grandmother Minnie Mae. All four are buried next to each other in one plot behind the Memphis mansion. Lisa Marie will lie next to her son Benjamin Keough, who died in 2020, in a separate plot on the other side of a small pool. Her family were present at the funeral and public memorial today, but only her mother Priscilla spoke during the live stream and a request was made to the guests not to photograph the family. Lisa Marie Presley had four children and four marriages. Her first husband was Danny Keough, a Chicago-born musician, with whom Lisa Marie had two children, Danielle Riley Keough and Benjamin Storm Keough. Riley has appeared in a number of films by director Steven Soderbergh. Her first film was in 2010 when she played Marie Currie, sister of The Runaways lead singer Cherie Currie. Following this, she had roles in Soderbergh’s movie Magic Mike, before appearing in Mad Max: Fury Road, American Honey, It Comes at Night and Logan Lucy. Benjamin, died in July 2020, aged just 27, from a self-inflicted gunshot wound at home. Lisa Marie remained close to Danny throughout her life, describing their love as "unconditional." They were living in the same home when she died. However, she fell in love with Michael Jackson towards the end of the marriage and married teh pop icon 20 days after their divorce in May 1994. The high-profile union was short-lived and she sought a divorce in January 1996. An even shorter marriage to Hollywood star Nicolas Cage (a well-known Elvis fan) followed in August 2002. He filed for divorce just three months later, and it was finalised in 2004. DON'T MISSPriscilla Presley tearful during speech at Lisa Marie's memorialSarah Ferguson touching tribute to friend Lisa Marie Presley at memorialLisa Marie was buried in the 'damned' place that haunted her Lisa Marie's final marriage was to music producer Michael Lockwood on January 22, 2006. Danny Keough was the best man at the wedding. On October 7, 2008, Presley gave birth to fraternal twin girls, Harper Vivienne Ann Lockwood and Finley Aaron Love Lockwood. Lisa Marie filed for divorce in 2016 and the separation became highly charged when Lisa Marie reported her husband to the police for "inappropriate images of children on Lockwood's personal computer." A two-year investigation found no evidence of criminal activity and the case was closed. The divorce was finalised in 2021. Riley Keough is now 33 and her twin sisters are 14, but what exactly will they inherit? When Elvis died in 1977 he left everything to Lisa Marie, Vernon and Minnie Mae and his daughter became the sole heir to Graceand and The King's entire estate when her grandfather died in 1979, followed a year later by his mother. Lisa Marie inherited an estate estimated at $100million on her 25th birthday but sold an 85% stake in 2005, reportedly to deal with financial difficulties, retaining only her father's famous mansion. She said at the time: "Graceland was given to me and will always be mine. And then passed to my children. It will never be sold.” A statement last week from Graceland confirmed the iconic home and museum would be passed directly to Lisa Marie's three daughter. The link to watch a rerun of the live stream of Lisa Marie Presley’s memorial service is available here.