Prince Harry has spoken out about the Duke of York's involvement with disgraced billionaire Jeffrey Epstein, labelling it a "shameful scandal". The Duke of Sussex, 38, addresses the topic in his explosive memoir Spare, making him the first member of the Royal Family to speak publicly about the allegations Prince Andrew faced.  Last year, Andrew, 62, settled a lawsuit against him from Virginia Giuffre, an American woman who alleged she was trafficked by Epstein and claimed the Duke had sexually assaulted her. Andrew has always vehemently denied the allegations and did not accept any liability as part of the settlement, the details of which were not made public. The matter is raised in Harry's book - to be released on Tuesday - in relation to his security arrangements after he and Meghan stepped away from their roles as senior working royals. The Sussexes have been in a row with the Firm and the Government over the arrangements of their security. In Spare, Harry reveals that, when Meghan asked him one night whether their protection would ever be removed, he told her: “Never. Not in this climate of hate. And not after what happened to my mother."  Reported by Daily Mail, he adds: “Also, not in the wake of my Uncle Andrew. He was embroiled in a shameful scandal, accused of the sexual assault of a young woman, and no one had so much as suggested that he lose his security. “Whatever grievances people had against us, sex crimes weren’t on the list.” No other member of the Royal family has spoken publicly about Prince Andrew - but he is no longer able to use his HRH title and lost his military titles. Once Prince Harry and Meghan moved to North America - first to Canada and then the US - they no longer received security services provided by the Firm. King Charles III is said to have provided financial assistance to help cover the cost of private security in the United States, but the Sussexes were left to cover at least some of the multi-million pound expense themselves. READ MORE: 'Sad sack' Harry has 'fixation' with tearing down William  In the bombshell Oprah interview in March 2021, Prince Harry claimed that his father had "cut him off financially". Now, in Spare, the Duke acknowledges how "ridiculous" it is for a man in his late thirties to complain about being cut off by his father. This evening, ahead of the release of his memoir, two pre-recorded interviews featuring the Prince will air on ITV at 9pm and CBS at 12pm (GMT) in America. Another interview with the Prince will appear on Good Morning America Monday on January 9 at 7am EST. Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10. 