The Energy Price Guarantee was widely welcomed as a Government initiative to attempt to stop Britons paying so much for their energy. It limits the amount suppliers can charge per unit of energy used, meaning an average household should currently pay £2,500 per year. However, Britons should be aware this is not a cap on their bills rather on the unit price, and so those who use more, pay more. While the price guarantee will continue in some form until April 2024, from today millions of customers are set to pay more. Economy tariffs will rise by as much as 8.9 percent from today, creating another price hit for millions. Economy 7 and Economy 10 tariffs set different rates depending on what time of day a household uses their energy. READ MORE: Barclays issues warning to Britons after man scammed on doorstep Typically, customers will pay less during the night than during the day. However, Ofgem, the energy regulator, has found it costs more for suppliers to serve these customers. As a result, bills are set to rise for those on this tariff in yet another shock for households. One supplier, Octopus Energy, told its customers Economy 7 rates are rising “disproportionately”. DON'T MISS10 key dates to look out for in 2023 for your money [LATEST]HMRC warning as ‘most pressing’ tax deadline looms in weeks [UPDATE]Expat pensioners affected in 2023 - state pension, NHS and more [INSIGHT] The supplier added it has “no option but to pass this increase on”. British Gas is to hike prices on Economy 7, but the supplier does not offer Economy 10 tariffs. Bulb confirmed via social media their day unit rate will rise from 38.593p to 41.687p per kWH. Their night rate will rise from 22.838p to 24.669p per kWH. READ MORE: Reducing thermostat can knock £300 off energy bills a year EDF has also written to affected customers to tell them their bills will be impacted from today. Other energy customers are set to see a rise in their bills, but this will be far less. According to Money Saving Expert, the change will be “trivial” and range between 0.8 percent and 1.4 percent, depending on how a person pays. Martin Lewis, founder of the website, said on Twitter: “It’s a poor set up and doesn’t look just. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “It may mean some are better moving to one-price tariffs - flying in the face of getting people to use energy off peak.” All energy customers should receive a £400 payout to help them with the cost of energy. Otherwise, Britons are encouraged to cut their energy usage in efforts to save money. This could be achieved, for example, by turning down the thermostat, changing the flow temperature of one’s boiler, and turning appliances off instead of leaving them on standby.