 The entire Beckham family rallied behind young Romeo as he signed to Brentford’s B team this week. His older brother led the social media tributes, with the boys’ legendary father David Beckham also offering some words of guidance as Romeo follows in his footsteps.   Brooklyn, 23, shared with his 14 million followers a snap captured by Sky News of the moment his younger brother officially signed to a football club. 20-year-old Romeo posed with the paperwork as his famed dad David put a supportive arm over his shoulder with a proud smile plastered across his face. Brooklyn shared the snap with a sweet message to his brother: “Well done lil bro x.” The show of support comes after Brooklyn spent the holidays away from the Beckham clan. READ MORE: James Martin opens up on not having kids after 'giving up everything' for his career  Instead, the 23-year-old celebrated his first festive season as a married man with his wife Nicola Peltz. Brooklyn himself also tried his own hand at becoming a professional footballer in his teens. At 15 he played the same position as his father for Arsenal’s academy but ultimately decided that the sport would not be a viable career path for him. While he has attempted other potential careers, Brooklyn is currently delving into the culinary industry.   On Saturday evening, proud parents Victoria and David shared their own tributes to Romeo. David shared on his Instagram story as he posed in front of the club with his son’s new work attire. He wrote: “Exciting start to the year,” with a red heart. “Now the hard work and fun begins. Proud of you mate.”   Victoria shared David sentiments on her own story, adding: “Proud of you Romeo.” Romeo posted a series of his own snaps to Instagram, saying he was “looking forward to the challenge” of being on the team. The budding footballer has now switched to the Premier League side Brentford, moving over from his dad's MLS franchise Inter Miami. While many fans on social media showered Romeo with support and congratulations, there was some negativity in the comments section too.  Many claimed this was simply nepotism at play, as one commenter wrote: “Just carries the name…not the game.” Another added: “It’s all on the back of his father not his own doing one way to get him on the premier league.” However, others opted to give Romeo the chance to prove himself. One follower shared: “Hopefully he is actually good not just getting connections from his dad, can’t wait to see you play.”