Prince Harry will be invited to King Charles's upcoming Coronation, a royal commentator believes. While the fifth-in-line to the throne is unlikely to play an active role during the sacred and historic service, it is likely Buckingham Palace will extend an invitation to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, broadcaster and royal expert Jonathan Sacerdoti said. Speaking with Express.co.uk, the commentator said: "I keep saying that I think he will be invited to the Coronation." Mr Sacerdoti went on to speak about a claim Harry has been "written out" of the Coronation service's script made last weekend. He said that, while the report claimed the event was being re-engineered not to give an actual role to Harry, he wasn't certain the Duke, as a non-working member of the Firm, would have been a prominent player in the Coronation anyway. He continued: "But I think he would be invited as a family member. The King does love his sons and would want to include them both." Mr Sacerdoti referred to a source who last week told the Sunday Times: "As things stand, there is no role for Harry in the service." The newspaper alleged King Charles has scrapped the requirement for Dukes to kneel to the monarch to pay homage to him during the Coronation service. Mr Sacerdoti isn't the only royal commentator who believes Harry and his wife Meghan will be invited to attend the Coronation. Appearing on GB News, author Katie Nicholl told host Eamonn Holmes: "I think the King wants ultimately a reconciliation. READ MORE: Six claims made by Harry refuted as one is proven completely untrue "I think he is a magnanimous man as well, I think he will take a leaf out of his mother's book, I think there will be an invitation and that olive branch will be extended because he is still his son and, despite all of this, he loves his son, he will have him there." The invitation to the Coronation would come four months after the release of Prince Harry's memoir, Spare, which includes a series of blistering claims and criticism against the Firm, the press andindividual members of the Royal Family. The Coronation will also come after the release of Meghan and Prince Harry's six-part Netflix documentary in December. Covering the years from their blossoming romance to their established marriage, the docu-series focused on the pair's struggles under intense public scrutiny, discussed their relationship with the royals and made allegations about the relationship between the Palace and the press. Harry hasn't shared whether he will return to London in the spring for the Coronation. Asked whether he will be among the crowd gathered at Westminster Abbey in four-month-time during his recent interview with ITV's Tom Bradby, the Duke answered: "There’s a lot that can happen between now and then. But, you know, the door is always open. "The ball is in their court. There’s a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they can, that they are willing to sit down and talk about it, because there’s a lot that’s happened in six years. And prior to that as well." The Coronation of King Charles, who acceded to the throne on September 8, will take place on May 6. His wife Queen Camilla will be crowned at his side, during a service that the Palace has said will include tradition and modernity.