Chelsea might have the opportunity to make Joao Felix’s loan permanent with Atletico Madrid reportedly seeking a move for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. According to the Spanish media, the La Liga giants want to replace Blues-bound Felix with former Arsenal captain Aubameyang. The 33-year-old striker has struggled since his summer move from Barcelona. He had joined partially to reunite with Thomas Tuchel, who was subsequently sacked a week after the deal was completed. Aubameyang is now out of favour under new head coach Graham Potter. The Gabon international scored on his league debut for the west Londoners but has failed to bag since, and has only started four times. His Chelsea career hit a new low when he was replaced having already come on as a substitute in his side’s 1-0 defeat by Manchester City last week. Potter could now look to sell Aubameyang to fund his own signings. JUST IN: Man Utd and Chelsea on alert as Barcelona 'put trio in shop window' According to Spanish publication AS, Atletico have identified Aubameyang as a possible new addition. Having already lost Matheus Cunha to Wolves at the start of the month, they must also replace the outgoing Felix. Portugal international Felix is reportedly closing in on a big-money loan switch to Stamford Bridge. The 23-year-old fell out with head coach Diego Simeone at the Wanda Metropolitano. Felix was a £100million signing for Atletico while he was still a teenager, but his move failed to work out. Should he impress at Chelsea, the Premier League club might want to request that a permanent deal is agreed. Chelsea could offer Aubameyang to Atletico as bait to get them to agree to relinquish Felix. But that could prove difficult as Atletico apparently see a future for the young attacker. DON'T MISS...Newcastle copy Chelsea and try to pinch Arsenal target Moussa DiabyChelsea chiefs still not happy after changing mind on Joao Felix dealJoao Felix 'flying to London' for Chelsea medical after deal agreed Reports earlier this week claimed that the Spanish giant’s board are actually prepared to keep Felix over their popular long-serving head coach Simeone. The Atletico boss is under pressure following a poor start to the La Liga campaign. Spanish journalist Guillem Balague said that Atletico want fans to ‘push’ Simeone out of the club. They face paying the former Argentina midfielder an eye-watering £22m compensation fee should they sack him. Felix is hoping to put his underwhelming Atletico spell behind him with some good performances at Stamford Bridge. Should his loan go well, Chelsea will surely seek to make the deal permanent in the summer as part of their big-spending plan under co-owner Thomas Boehly. There could be no better way of securing a transfer than by offering the underperforming Aubameyang during negotiations.