The Palace has told Parliament to prepare for a guest list less than half the size of the one for Queen Elizabeth’s Coronation in 1953. Stands were erected in the Abbey then to allow 8,000 people to attend a service of almost three hours. This time there will be no stands or scaffolding, says sources in Parliament, and the service length will be about half that of 1953. But the Abbey, which normally has a capacity of 2,200 people will cram in up to 800 more people by putting seats in the medieval galleries which are 52ft above the floor. Senior figures in Parliament are already worried about how many politicians will be able to attend. They fear a diplomatic headache in trying to accommodate many of the 650 MPs and 800 peers vying for a seat. Also coming on May 6 are Commonwealth leaders, the extended British Royal Family, ­foreign royalty, dignitaries and charity heads. A Parliamentary source said: “We’re waiting for details but have been told to expect around 3,000. So nothing like the 8,000 last time, when scaffolding and all sorts was put up to accommodate the numbers. “It will mean far fewer people, so they will have to think about who does and does not get an invite. “And there will be a lot of ­disappointed people.” The Queen’s funeral in September gave the Parliamentary authorities a taste of what may be to come. In November Cabinet minister Sir Gavin Williamson was forced to resign after being accused of bullying Chief Whip Wendy Morton in texts, berating her for failing to get him an invitation to the state funeral. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has described the Coronation as “a unique moment for the country” and promised it will showcase Britain. Palace officials have said there will be pomp and pageantry but royal sources have also insisted it will be arranged with the cost-of-living crisis “very much in mind”. The Queen’s Coronation in 1953 cost £1.57million, equivalent to £56million in 2023 prices. Government officials have declined to say whether a budget has been set for the 2023 Coronation. But the costs, spread between the Royal Household and various Government departments as well as the police, are likely to be disclosed only after the event. Some royal insiders have predicted this Coronation will be far less lavish but still akin to a royal wedding or funeral, events that have typically cost the taxpayer around £8million. But Catherine Pepinster, author of Defenders of the Faith: the British Monarchy, Religion, and the next Coronation, predicted a bigger ceremony than some expect. She said the King’s decision this week to give up any chance of ­benefitting from a £1billion windfall from green energy that will boost the profits of the Crown Estate would pave the way for a larger spectacle. She said: “This will make a show-stopper Coronation, funded by the public purse, much more palatable. “The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations showed that you can have a tremendously impressive event watched on TV right across the world without having 8,000 guests inside Westminster Abbey.”