A TikTok account dedicated to educating the public on how to do laundry has detailed a clever hack to get wrinkles out of clothes quickly and easily without an iron. Account @sheetslaundryclub shares "clean tips and hacks" and promotes its "sustainably packaged laundry and cleaning products." It has over 5M views on this latest hack. It promised the clever trick would get clothes smooth and ready to wear without an iron. It said: "Try this one hack to get steamed clothes without an iron." The laundry experts went on: "When you discover the laundry hack that you can steam your clothes by throwing a couple of ice cubes in the dryer on high for 10 minutes." So, how do you do it? The experts demonstrated all. They said: "Add wrinkled clothes to your dryer. "Get some ice cubes and add two or three cubes to your dryer drum. Set your dryer to the highest heat setting for five to 10 minutes. Pull your clothes out and hang them up to smooth them to cool." READ MORE: Ditch laundry 'essential' you've been 'programmed' to think you need & save money on bills So how does the hack work? The frozen water in the ice cube is evaporated quickly in the tumble dryer. This creates steam, which gets the wrinkles out of your clothes in just five to 10 minutes. "How do you smooth (the clothes) without an iron?" one commenter asked. The creator replied: "Just use your hands; the warm fabric will readily conform to the shape you set it in!" DON'T MISSNatural laundry tips for 'extra cleaning power' [EXPERT] Stop your freshly washed clothes from 'stinking' of damp [HACK] Reduce energy usage on laundry by 62% with one setting [MONEY] But some had their warnings. Reda Izo wrote: "Carefully y'all. Some clothes can’t handle high heat. They’ll shrink. Check the tag always or y'all gone end up with Mini Mouse's wardrobe." Another simply advised: "Just put the machine into wrinkle release mode and (it) does the same." "My Samsung dryer has a steam function and it’s my favorite thing in the world," commenter Kate wrote. Another commenter, Pepper Lo Presti, said: "This is a Gen X trick. Throw outfit in with a wet washcloth and a dryer sheet!" Elyse Myers wrote: "I just use a damp washcloth." Another agreed, and said: "Or…and hear me out…a DAMP WASHCLOTH!"