Laura Woods brutally mocked a Tottenham Hotspur fan on social media as she celebrated Arsenal's Premier League win against Manchester United on Sunday. The talkSPORT presenter couldn't help but deepen Spurs fans' woes by trolling a fan who had taken issue with her post-match jubilance. Eddie Nketiah scored a brace on either side of Bukayo Saka's strike to seal a hard-fought 3-2 win at the Emirates Stadium and move five points clear of Manchester City with a game in hand. Woods, who also works for ITV Sport and Sky Sports, has regularly revelled in Mikel Arteta's side throughout a successful season so far. Meanwhile, Tottenham face a battle to finish in the top four amid inconsistent results and defensive woes in Antonio Conte's first full campaign as head coach. Woods was unsurprisingly delighted to see Arsenal take another huge step towards the Premier League title with the triumph over their bitter rivals. The 35-year-old tweeted: "Wow. Such a bloody massive win!!! Unbelievable. #arsenal" Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE @Danwhite86, whose profile picture shows a Tottenham crest on a St. George's cross, replied: "Can't wait to see this fall from grace, going to be epic!!" To this, Woods fired back: "We could have the biggest fall from grace in history, but you'll still be Spurs…" Arsenal fans swarmed the presenter's replies to jest the user and praise her for the brutal response, piling the misery onto Tottenham's troublesome season. But @Danwhite86 took the response well, writing: "We will and of course, that hurts, but we're used to it. Give me fifth and a last-minute Haaland goal on the final day to win the title, and I'd take it!" DON'T MISS: Gary Neville threatens he won't show up for Sky in Man Utd jibe  Arsenal defeated Spurs 2-0 at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium last weekend, completing the double over their north London foes. The Gunners now sit 17 points ahead of Conte and co with a game in hand, emphasising the difference in fortunes this term. But they may have done Tottenham a favour by defeating United, halting their 10-match unbeaten run and keeping them just six points ahead in fourth. That said, if you asked Spurs fans whether they would miss out on Champions League football or watch Arsenal lift their first Premier League title since 2004 in May, it'd be interesting to hear the consensus... Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here