Helen was preparing to take their routine on the road when she suffered a travel mishap on Monday and shared her pain with her Instagram followers. The presenter, 39, complained as her electric car failed to make it to her end destination, much to Helen's dismay. She shared the bad news with her 452,000 followers on the social media platform as she sat in the faulty vehicle. Sitting in darkness, she shared a clip under the caption: "I thought electric cars were the future," followed by mind-blown and angry emojis. She said: "I had an electric car over a decade ago - a Nissan Leaf. "It didn't work out. I could never charge it and it was really impractical." READ MORE: Ruby Wax sparks concern as she shares video from hospital bed Scowling, she continued: "Over a decade later, an electric car - not working out. "Can't charge it and not for the first time...stranded." In an unhappy tone, she then whispered: "I thought this was the future?" The star admitted she knows it's "first world problems" before saying: "If anyone else is having more success with an electric car I salute you." Gorka and Helen had been having a "quick coffee catch up" before the Strictly tour, with the professional dancer sharing snaps of their day to his own Instagram. While Helen will be touring the country showcasing her newfound skills, the Spanish dancer will be staying home with partner Gemma Atkinson. He captioned the upload: "Quick coffee catch up with this one today before she goes on tour with the rest of the Strictly Gang. "Can’t wait to come and watch you dance at the Manchester show and be cheering you like a proud dad. Have the best time @helenskelton." DONT MISS:Loose Women's Carol McGiffin furious with husband over wedding ring (PHOTOS)BBC Breakfast’s Naga Munchetty mocks Charlie Stayt over hair (NEWS)Emmerdale's Mackenzie Boyd and Chloe Harris' fling finally exposed (LATEST) The images showed the pair enjoying a fun-filled catchup despite a rainy downpour. In a video added to his Stories, he said he had bumped into his former dance partner before she joked she was stalking him. Gorka and Helen narrowly missed out on lifting the Glitterball on the BBC show last month in front of a live audience. Although they missed out on the big win, they were delighted to receive a perfect score of 40 points for a reprise of their Couple's Choice routine to Mein Herr from Cabaret. In April this year, Helen announced that her eight-year marriage to Richie Myler, a 32-year-old rugby league player, was over. The pair had married at Kirkby Thore's St Michael's church in Helen's childhood village in December 2013. Over Christmas, Helen posted pictures of a family birthday party inside what looks to be her home. Helen wrote: "A wolf in a tantrum, a Spidergirl needing balloons and lost cricket gloves. All the chaos. All the love baby girl," to mark the former couple's daughter's first birthday.