For years, many homeowners have wondered whether not having a bathtub could devalue their property, but according to Warren Kinloch - a bathroom expert at Bathroom Deal, the answer has changed. While being able to have a long soak in the bath used to be favoured over a quick power shower, the rising cost of hot water and a change in buyer preference means that the opposite is now "more attractive". Experts have shared their exclusive DIY hacks to help you make the switch without spending a fortune. Warren Kinloch, an expert at Bathroom Deal said: "Reportedly more than 56 percent of home buyers prefer a shower to a bath, but having both will make your home look more attractive to buyers. However, with the cost of living crisis, more people are taking showers to save water and, ultimately, not having a bath is less likely to be a deciding factor in whether someone will want to buy your property or not. "I believe that having a walk-in or doorless shower actually really opens up your home to the interest of even more potential buyers. Many home buyers won’t look at a home without a doorless or walk-in shower if they are planning for the property to be their 'forever home', or if they have elderly relatives that wouldn’t be able to use a traditional shower or bath." Whether you want to change your bathroom fittings for personal use or to attract new buyers, it's easy to do without having to budget for professional renovations. In fact, it's easy to do yourself with the right tools, techniques and some spare time to get the job done. READ MORE: I got rid of window seal mould in minutes - here’s how Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Mark Fullilove, digital marketing manager at Sanctuary Bathrooms said: "When it comes to replacing a bathtub with a shower, the main considerations come down to size, the type of bath being replaced, existing plumbing and budget. "Firstly, if looking to swap out a fitted or standard bath, then look to replace like-for-like in terms of size and waste positioning. Purchasing a bath replacement shower tray that matches the dimensions of the replaced bath, and where you can align the waste to a similar, or same location, will help reduce the potential for the extra cost and plumbing changes down the line. "For single-ended baths, this is likely to mean a tray with an end waste, while for double-ended baths this is likely to be centrally located. This just means that changes to the pipework can be as minimal as possible, as well as covering any footprint left by the removal of the bath." Even when cutting costs, Mark noted that you don't have to compromise on configuration as a result. He explained that whether it is recessed or fitted to a specific part of the bathroom, you can still fit a shower to match the size of the existing tub. DON'T MISS:Five ‘essential’ factors to consider when picking paint colours [COMMENT]I removed window condensation to prevent damp and mould - here’s how [PICTURES]Interior designer shares 5 home decor pieces to ‘avoid’ splurging on [EXPLAINER] When it comes to removing the bath, the space is likely to have been tiled up to the edge of the bath (permitting it was tiled), leaving a large untiled space where the shower is planned to be. Mark said: "Tiles are often created in different batches which can lead to variations in colours and finish, so it is always advisable to avoid trying to match. "Instead, it is better to look at a half-and-half wall using contrasting or different colours. For painted spaces, it is much easier just to give them a new lick of paint for the theme you want." He added that homeowners should "always be prepared" and budget for replacing the whole area to get both "the look and tidy finish" they want. READ MORE: Four ‘top kitchen updates’ to ‘hasten’ house sales - and what to avoid If you have a freestanding bath already, you should consider the layout above anything else when planning your new shower. Mark warned that this is likely to mean a lot more work in respect of plumbing, so you should be prepared to pay more, including changing floor and wall tiles. The bathroom expert said: "Obviously, if it is part of a whole bathroom redesign, then in some respects this becomes a blank canvas. "In this case, it is a matter of thinking about layout, potentially getting a 3D bathroom design created to visualise the new space, and talking to an installer before starting the work to determine the extent of work." Once you have planned the configuration of your new shower, it is important to consider the efficiency of your plumbing - particularly if you are renovating with a house sale in mind. Paul Bailey, leader of product management at GROHE UK told Express.co.uk: "One of the easiest and most effective ways to update your bathroom fittings while reducing your usage at home is to upgrade your shower to a model that provides resource-saving aspects like a reduced water flow or cold-start functionality." In hard water areas, installing water softeners can also help to reduce the cost of heating up the water needed which is yet another attractive feature for potential buyers. The GROHE leader added: "Technology such as GROHE EcoJoy provides a reduced water flow, with up to 50 percent less water consumption without compromising on performance, meaning homeowners can use less water and save on energy at the same time, thus saving money in the long run."