More bank branch closures are scheduled to take place this year, but Barclays has announced it will launch new banking pods and open 70 local sites across the UK to help customers with their banking. Almost half of these sites will be in communities without an existing Barclays presence.   The new plans come as part of a wider expansion strategy for Barclays’ flexible banking formats as it evolves its physical footprint in response to changing customer needs. Under the new model, the bank works with local councils and communities to arrange a presence in places such as town halls and libraries, offering in-person banking support. Barclays Local colleagues provide face-to-face assistance, helping customers with their everyday finances and money management needs. Each Barclays Local also offers free digital skills workshops and fraud and scams awareness events for the community. Currently, the format offers a way of remaining in places where there is no longer enough demand to support a traditional branch. But now, the model will extend to areas without an existing Barclays presence - enabling the bank to reach more customers in person. READ MORE: Woman finally buys her first house after saving since paper round   Barclays is also launching banking pods as part of its Barclays Local service. The semi-permanent structures provide a dedicated, private space in locations such as shopping centres and retail parks and can be moved depending on demand. At least 10 will be rolled out across the UK by summer 2023 following the success of the bank’s first pod in St Austell in Cornwall. In addition, six electric vehicle (EV) banking vans will be added to the existing fleet of 10, stretching Barclays’ reach even further to help customers in remote locations. Barclays has said it will continue to review its physical sites - including branches, pods and pop-ups - depending on usage, with a flexible approach to enable the bank to match its presence more closely to local community needs. DON'T MISS: Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]Avoid daily habit that could be adding 'considerable amounts to bill' [EXPLAINED]Six steps to boost your home’s value by £15k in just '24 hours' [INSIGHT]   The move comes in response to a growing decline in people using traditional branch facilities, as more customers are taking their business online instead. Jo Mayer, head of everyday banking at Barclays UK, commented: “Barclays Local provides a flexible way to reach customers in new locations and retain a presence where customer footfall has reduced, bringing face-to-face support to convenient locations. “As visits to branches continue to fall, we need to reimagine where and how we show up to provide the best service for customers now and in the future. “Our new banking pods and community pop-ups help us to tailor our in-person support for each location, including support with digital skills. In areas where we close a branch, we will maintain our presence in that community offering an alternative face-to-face solution.” READ MORE: Brits fall under one of these seven money personalities, study finds   While locations for 70 Barclays Local sites have not yet been announced, Express.co.uk understands they will be in areas where a branch is due to close (other than central London), as well as new locations where there isn't or hasn't been a branch. The 20 branches Barclays has announced to close this year include:   Under wider initiatives to protect long-term access to cash, Barclays has also pledged to grow its ‘Cashback without Purchase’ service, which was launched in 2022. The service has created new locations for Britons to withdraw cash for free, via thousands of small businesses across the country. Barclays is said to be one of the driving forces behind the Cash Action Group (CAG), an initiative supported by major banks and consumer groups, to preserve access to cash as banks shutter branches. Along with Barclays, the banks supporting the cause include HSBC, Lloyds Banking Group, Nationwide Building Society, NatWest Group, Santander, Virgin Money, Danske Bank, and TSB. 