Mikel Arteta will know that Arsenal can take a giant step towards a serious challenge for their first Premier League title in 19 years with victory against Manchester United on Sunday. But the Spaniard faces a number of tough selection choices, including new signing Leandro Trossard, as the league leaders take on Erik ten Hag's side at the Emirates Stadium. The Gunners have only lost one of their 18 matches so far and are enjoying an impressive eight-point lead over Manchester City heading into the second half of the season. Arteta will know only too well how good Pep Guardiola's side can be, having worked under the Catalan as his assistant, and that every point counts in the title battle. As such, mistakes can only be minimal if they are to get their hands on the league title for the first time since Arsene Wenger's 'Invincibles' won were crowned champions in 2003-04. But with a near-fully fit squad to choose from and a new signing to welcome in Trossard, the 40-year-old must weigh up his choices carefully against United. Express Sport looks at who the Arsenal coach may pick in the latest instalment of this historic fixture... Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Unflappable and never short of confidence, Aaron Ramsdale has returned to his imperious best after a slight dip towards the end of the season. He has kept six clean sheets in his last nine matches and the 24-year-old has pulled off some incredible saves to keep the goals conceded to a minimum. More and more, he looks to be the leader Arsenal have been crying out for at the back and even if Matt Turner has impressed in his cup outings, there is no danger of Ramsdale losing his place while the Gunners are thriving at the top. DON'T MISSArsenal signing Trossard could see Arteta activate 'Smith Rowe plan' If there was to be an area for experimentation where Arteta may not be totally convinced, it is in the full-back areas. Ben White may have not been signed as a right-back but his performances there in Takehiro Tomiyasu's absence have cemented his place in the side. But with some concerns of Gabriel's consistency and tendency to make mistakes, particularly in games of high magnitude, Arteta may be tempted to shift White alongside William Saliba. At left-back, Oleksandr Zinchenko continues to be picked over Kieran Tierney due to his superior technical ability. But in facing a speed merchant in Antony, Kieran Tierney may be recalled if it is thought the Ukrainian could struggle to match the United winger's pace. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Arteta is still yet to sign another central midfielder after seemingly missing out on Douglas Luiz and Eduardo Camavinga, so the midfield three are somewhat untouchable as Mohamed Elneny is only just coming back from injury. Thomas Partey and Granit Xhaka will seek to control the tempo, with Martin Odegaard given the freedom to roam in between the half spaces and channels. The Norwegian is one of the best performers in the league at present and the captain is streets ahead of Fabio Vieira in Arteta's pecking order. Marquee signings are brought in to play in matches of the greatest importance and it should be no different with £21million new boy Trossard. The Belgian did not move from Brighton to warm the bench and, with Gabriel Jesus still sidelined with injury, Arteta is expected to hand him his debut. Bukayo Saka is unmovable in this Arsenal side, so the only place left up for grabs is between Gabriel Martinelli and Eddie Nketiah. For all of the latter's impressive efforts during Jesus' injury, Martinelli is supremely talented and would surely command a place in the fluid front three.