Neville Parker (played by Ralf Little) has been unlucky in love since he arrived in Saint Marie in series nine, and fans of the BBC crime drama have been hopeful his new love interest Sophie (Chelsea Edge) would be the one to last. Ralf's character has become the longest-serving detective on the island, so some are predicting Neville might call it a day soon. After a sneak peek at an upcoming episode was posted on social media by Death in Paradise, it seems possible that Neville might decide to leave with Sophie. Sophie joined the series during the Christmas special episode and it didn't take long for her and Neville to hit it off. The two started a romance, but it seems Sophie might not be willing to continue with a long-distance relationship as she prepares to leave the island. The traveller is planning to return to her life in Manchester when her adventures are over, meaning she and Neville will be forced to part ways. With Neville's love life finally looking promising, will he be willing to sacrifice a chance as true love to stay in Saint Marie? READ MORE: Carole Malone fumes Harry 'should be banned' from 'every' royal event A short clip posted on Death in Paradise's Instagram account indicates that he may be tempted to move on. The two are engaged in a conversation when Sophie admits to Neville: "So don't laugh at me, but I've never really done the holiday romance thing before." "Well, I guess I haven't either," Neville replied. "But... is that what this is, then?" Shrugging, Sophie explained: "I mean, I'd enjoy spending some more time together while I'm here, but it is only 10 days." Neville appears disappointed by the conversation - could he be considering a move back to England to stay with Sophie? Some fans seem to think this could be the case, as it was with previous detective DI Humphrey Goodman (Kris Marshall). Responding to the teaser, Instagram user mariakennedy777 wrote: "This is the third series for DI Neville. "Seems to be the standard contract time. So are they just repeating the Humphrey exit storyline? End of this series he goes back to the U.K. to be with this girl. Looking likely. Already I’m wondering who will be the next DI." klgsr_ pointed out: "Last time this happened they switched up the D.I." DON'T MISS... BBC Breakfast fans distracted by 'sharp' Johnny Vegas' appearance [LATEST]Bradley Walsh pleads 'can't do it' as fans 'feel sick' over challenge [VIDEO]Holly and Phil spark outrage over 'jealous' holiday remarks [REACTION] dec_fi echoed the concern, adding: "Well I hope Sophie stays with Neville and moves to Saint Marie. "Because the last two D.I. left the island for family or romantic, they should go a different direction with the characters." eyesofjosh__ theorised: "Guess our lad is going back [home]. This is why you should stay single." roseshortttt penned: "Really hope he isn’t leaving after this season." The account also captioned the post: "Holiday romances. Hmm. Those always end well, right?" Could the thought-provoking question mean something will have to be sacrificed in order for Neville to get his happy ending? It seems possible the character's time could be up, with the series usually replacing the main detective every two or three seasons. Fans will no doubt be sad to see the end of Neville, who has become a beloved protagonist. Death in Paradise continues on Friday at 9pm on BBC One.