BBC journalists are poised to follow in the footsteps of ambulance workers, nurses, rail workers and others by going on strike. A National Union of Journalists memo seen by Express.co.uk says 70 percent of those who voted had opposed the corporation's proposals over Local Radio sharing, which would cut the number of local programmes on Local BBC Radio. The memo explains that the result, allied to a consultative ballot a fortnight ago when members backed industrial action, means the union would now move to a formal ballot. The BBC will be written to this week, with the ballot papers will go out to all NUJ members working in BBC Local the week starting February 6. After the three-week ballot, industrial action is being planned for the week beginning March 13. The memo explains: "Industrial action isn’t something we resort to easily but the BBC have made it clear that the offer on the table regarding programme sharing is their final one and they now intend to move forward with their plans, starting with advertising some new roles including those of Presenter/Producer. "That leaves us with no option but to move to a formal ballot." The NUJ subsequently tweeted: "We firmly believe that our campaign to #KeepBBCLocalRadioLocal still has merit, and it's not too late for the BBC to revise its current proposals, as recommended by the @DCMS Select Committee. "@NUJofficial reps and officers have engaged in constructive talks with the BBC and our door remains open. However, our members clearly stand by the principle that we should #KeepBBCLocalRadioLocal - and we've been left with no choice but to ballot." In accordance with the BBC's proposals, there will in future be six regions, under new Audio Editors, covering North West/North East, Yorkshire and Lincolnshire, Midlands, London and East, South, and South West. As a result, 139 posts in local radio will be jeopardised, with a voluntary redundancy drive being launched effective immediately. BBC Director of Nations Rhodri Talfan Davies and BBC Director of England Jason Horton defended the plans last month, with the former insisting: “We are keeping 39 local stations across England. READ MORE: 'Outrageous' £55k salary for NHS Chaplain slammed by junior doctor "We are keeping local bases of at least 25 staff in each of our local bases and strengthening the size of our local news teams. “This is fundamentally not about a reduction in services. "It’s about making sure our portfolio of local services that we deliver across radio, television and online keep pace with the way audiences are changing.” Asked about specific pairing of stations, he added: "Do I think the exact model we’ve announced will be the one we implement, I doubt it, because you live and you learn." A statement issued by Mr Horton on January 18 said: "Our goal over the next 12 months is to modernise our BBC Local services in England to strengthen our online provision for communities across the country. "We have listened carefully to the feedback we have received about proposed changes to BBC Local Radio programming. As a result, we are making a number of amendments to the original plan in order to strike the best possible balance between live and on-demand services." We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express