Kasey Carlin took in Millie the dog after someone tried to kill her by shooting her four times in the head before stomping on her snout. Bullets from the gun became lodged in the poor pooch's skull and eye during the ordeal. Ms Carlin, 28, from Brighton, learnt of Millie's plight and launched a fundraiser to bring her to Britain. She told the Daily Star: "When we rescued her, she couldn’t breathe properly. She was crying because she was in agony, but she still ran up to people, wagging her tail." A new nose had to be made for Millie after a metal tube inserted between her eye to help her breathe came out when she sneezed. Millie's right eye was also removed due to the bullet lodged inside it. WARNING: SOME OF THE IMAGES IN THIS STORY ARE UPSETTING Ms Carlin said: "I didn't really care what she looked like so if the eye was going to cause her pain and irritation - take it out. She wasn't in discomfort anymore." Mealtimes are a messy affair because Millie only has 10 teetch. She uses three molars from and tongue to scoop food up. Woodworker Ciarán Ó Braonáin made a dining table for Millie as well as a matching one for her new owner after a friend of Ms Carlin's nominated her for TV show The Woodland Workshop. The programme, which airs on Quest at 9pm today (January 3), sees master craftspeople make extraordinary things for heroic individuals. READ ABOUT SUNAK'S RESPONSE TO THE NHS 'CRISIS' Ms Carlin said: "Despite what's happened to her, Millie loves people and can play catch and tug of war and pick up toys." The animal lover has adopted a number of hounds, including deaf daschund, Dottie, who suffers from neurological disorders. Ms Carlin, who works as an animal behaviourist, also has two puppies coming to her home from Ukraine. One of the pups lost two paws by stepping on a land mine in the wartorn country. The second puppy was shot in the back and now needs wheels to move around. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry 'bitterly jealous' of William and Kate - commentator [REVEALED] Prince Harry and Meghan 'hurt' as new Netflix show flops [LATEST] Royal expert picks huge hole in Prince Harry's leak claims [REPORT] Ms Carlin said: "There's not many rescuers that take on dogs with disabilities, but they're still happy, friendly, lovely dogs." One distressing case involves Russian rescue dog Momo who had all four legs cut off in an act of hideous cruelty. Recently adopted by Ms Carlin, Momo underwent a procedure known as osseointegration limb replacement where artificial implants are attached to the bone which then growns into them. Ms Carlin said: "As far as we know, Momo is the first dog in the world to have the osseointegrated replacements on all four limbs. "She can run. She can jump. But she needs her legs cleaned every day, which is hard work for a little dog who wants to run and play in the mud." Ms Carlin's third and fourth rescue dogs are husky Mishka and Maggie, who was used for target practice by thugs in Lebanon. She was left with 200 bullets lodged in her face, chest and the rest of her body. Maggie's eyes were also removed, she had a broken jaw and one of her ears was hacked off. Ms Carlin said: "The bullets can't be removed or they'll cause too much damage. "Somebody heard her scream and stopped them as they were cutting off her ears - that’s why she has one left. "But Maggie is the kindest dog you’ll ever meet. I think that’s how she survived, by being kind, but she happened to come across the wrong people that day." For more visit wunderdogrescue.org