Tottenham forward Son Heung-min claims to have 'felt sorry' for his team-mates before scoring against Crystal Palace on Wednesday, suggesting that he has fallen short of expectations so far this term. The 4-0 triumph also saw Spurs supporters direct anger at chairman Daniel Levy, who many want out of the club. The Premier League restart had not been kind to Spurs and Antonio Conte, who was already facing tough questions after a draw at Brentford and a painful home defeat to Aston Villa. The Lilywhites had developed an unfortunate tendency to fall behind in games but they broke their duck on Tuesday with a second-half rout. A quickfire Harry Kane double took him up to 15 league goals for the season and Matt Doherty put the game beyond doubt just after the hour mark. Crucially, Son himself got in on the action to round off the scoring and notch his fourth Premier League strike of the campaign, and his first since bagging a hat-trick against Leicester in September. "It felt amazing [to score]," said the South Korean after the final whistle. "I think it was just about time. I felt really sorry for the team because they expect me to do more than I have been doing, so I hope that today could be a turning point to get my confidence back and score again. JUST IN: Man Utd reopen Joao Felix talks, Chelsea's Fernandez delay, Mudryk bid  "I want to continue to help the team. We work really hard to be consistent. This is my aim. The goal is always important to get a bit of confidence back so it was really important for me today and I hope that means I can score more in the coming games." The poor run of results prior to kick-off had put Conte in the firing line after falling out of the top four and losing ground on Manchester United. The chairman has also faced scrutiny as chants of 'Daniel Levy get out of our club' could be heard by sections of supporters at Selhurst Park. DON'T MISS... Four Chelsea stars who could see Blues career ended by Enzo Fernandez Arsenal and Liverpool transfer target Rabiot 'receives massive offer Liverpool 'target' Kim Min-jae to give Van Dijk new partner in crime  Levy is the longest-serving chairman in the Premier League having taken up his position with the club in 2001, but Spurs fans point towards a lengthy list of mishaps as to why many of them want him out. Front and centre is the lack of silverware, with Spurs' one and only trophy during his tenure still the League Cup in 2008. The win over Palace wasn't just an opportunity for Tottenham's usual suspects to run the show as Bryan Gil was given a rare start and finally showed fans what he is made of. After the game, Conte heaped praise on the Spaniard who has had to wait patiently for first-team chances. "[The performance] was important," said the Italian. "We are talking about a player born to play football. He understands football so quickly, he's so clever. This league is so difficult. Quality, you have to be fast and have endurance. "He has that and also you have to be strong physically. Gil since last season has improved on that aspect. I compared him to Bernardo Silva of Manchester City because in my opinion they are really similar. He has to continue to work on the physical aspect because he has great quality."