With energy bills skyrocketing, many Britons have found themselves using their central heating less frequently while keeping their windows closed in order to prevent heat loss. However, a lack of heat, ventilation, condensation, excess moisture and colder homes is creating the perfect conditions for mould to thrive. The National Association Of Property Buyers (NAPB) has warned of the tragic consequences mould infestation will bring to households this winter. It is reported that approximately 4.7 million private renters have battled mould issues in their homes in the past year. While mould may not look harmful, it can have a devastating impact on our health, as confirmed by Dr Govind Desai. He said: “Mould is a fungus that is found everywhere and most commonly in a damp environment. The allergic response may include rashes, watery eyes, fever or difficulty breathing. “It can also lead to mould-induced asthma, allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis, hypersensitivity pneumonitis and allergic fungal sinusitis.” READ MORE: When to wash your bed sheets to eliminate germs and 'critters' If you are battling mould in your home, End of Tenancy London has shared their “simple ways” to safely remove and prevent mould while also protecting yourself from a health hazard. Mould and mildew cleaning sprays are a great way to remove mould and stains left behind by mould. The experts said: “Anti-mould spray is a simple and effective way to remove mould and any remaining stains from your surfaces. “They work great for mould suppression, prevention, contents, rooms and appliances. DON'T MISS5 ‘essential’ garden plants that need to be pruned in winter - and how [INSIGHT]6 safe and effective methods to stop rats visiting your garden [UPDATE]Kate and William's new home is 'such a downsize' compared to Frogmore [ANALYSIS] “They eliminate odours and disinfect surfaces, but also have been formulated for indoor use meaning there are no health or allergen issues for concern.” A common household item and cleaning ingredient, “white vinegar kills mould on porous and non-porous surfaces easily by slowly breaking down the structure”. The experts added: “Incorporating sodium bicarbonate, or salt as a scouring agent can enhance the removing power. “However, it is not safe to use on some surfaces such as natural stone, cast iron or aluminium, and waxed wood because of its acidity.” READ MORE: Kitchen staple removes ‘rock hard’ grime from washing machine drawers Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Also known as bicarbonate of soda, this common baking ingredient is a brilliant cleaner. The item is to use around both humans and pets, absorbs excess moisture and acts as a deodoriser in fridges and rooms. Bicarbonate of soda’s deodorising powers can help to remove musty smells mould can leave behind. Baking soda has a high pH that inhibits the growth and survival of mould. However, baking soda cannot eradicate the bacteria entirely and is less effective on porous surfaces. It can be tempting to simply paint over mould but it will soon reappear on the surface as it will simply grow into the paint. Even if you keep painting over it, the spores will still release into the air and disperse throughout the house. Painting over mould is just a short-term solution and won't completely eradicate the mould. Mould is considered a “silently fast killer” because touching and inhaling mould spores can trigger extreme health problems. Therefore it’s essential to wear a mask, gloves and protective clothing when coming into close contact with mould. Once you’ve tackled the problem, put clothes straight into the washing machine to get rid of any spores and bacteria.