Jeremy Renner is still in hospital after suffering blunt chest trauma and orthopaedic injuries after he was injured by his own snow plow while clearing snow outside his home in Nevada, US. It has been reported the Avengers star was helping a family member whose car had broken down when the accident happened.    A friend of the celebrity has come forward and shared more about what happened that day. The source spoke with RadarOnline, and said: “It's much worse than anyone knows. Jeremy is very aware of the fact that he almost died out there.” They added that the actor “nearly bled out” while he waited for emergency services to arrive. It was reported at the time that the actor was aided by neighbours while waiting to be airlifted to a hospital, and his family thanked "the Carano and Murdock families" in their statement to the media. Jeremy Renner’s family also thanked the emergency services, and added they were "tremendously overwhelmed and appreciative of the outpouring of love and support from his fans".    Sources have also revealed the extent of the actor’s injuries, according to Radar’s reports. One source said: “Jeremy was in a lot of pain, and was having difficulty breathing, he knew he was in bad shape and that he might not make it out of this.” Another source stated: “Word is the damage to Jeremy's chest was so substantial it had to be reconstructed in surgery. “So far, he's had two surgeries and he will likely require more in the weeks ahead on his leg. “Doctors tend to space out operations to allow time for the body's natural healing process to kick in, and that's the case here." READ MORE: Mayor of Kingstown boss shares Jeremy Renner update as he shares hopes    Jeremy Renner’s family have kept close to him since the accident, especially his mother Cearley and sister Kym, according to a source. They said: “They’re always with him, keeping him entertained.” It has also been reported that Jeremy Renner is currently “doing OK” despite being “pretty doped up”. A source added: “He’s a fighter, and he’s determined to get through this.” DON'T MISS:Jeremy Renner shares unusual update after snow plough accident [INSIGHT]Jeremy Renner shares health update on Instagram as he thanks doctors [REVEAL]Jeremy Renner gives health update from hospital as he enjoys 'spa day' [REPORT]  Jeremy Renner is currently in Intensive Care, but celebrated his 52nd birthday in the hospital on Saturday, January 7. This weekend the actor thanked fans for a video in which children from the Base Chicago, a youth organisation he has previously volunteered with, wished him a happy birthday. The children held up placards spelling out his name while dancing to a 50 Cent song, to which the Marvel actor commented on social media: “I love you all sooooo much !!!! Thank you, you’ve made my spirits sing!!!!” The Hawkeye star has also recently thanked hs current medical staff, and posted to social media: “Thank you Renowned Media ICU team for beginning this journey,” alongside a photo of him in a hospital bed with the ICU staff members.   