Fauda returned to Netflix and continued to tell the story of Lior Raz and Avi Issacharoff's experience in the Israel Defense Forces. The show was met with controversy but continued to win six awards in 2016 including Best Drama Series at the Israeli Academy Awards. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the show's future. International fans had to wait patiently for the latest season of Fauda and creator Lior Raz teased there is more to come. Although there was no mention of season five yet, he revealed there had been early talks to make a Fauda film. Speaking at a charity event for the Israeli ambulance service Magen David Adom he said: "We are talking about a movie very seriously. "As to whether there will be more seasons, we don't know yet, we are open to it." READ MORE: Here's a look at the stars joining the new series of Fauda Netflix tends to wait up to 30 days after the show's release before making a decision on whether to renew it. With this in mind, more information about season five should come to light in mid-February. From what the creators suggest, though, this will not be the end for their characters. Lior continued: "Fauda was one of the number one shows in Lebanon, Syria, Iran, the UAE, Bahrain, Qatar. "Just a few weeks ago there was a huge front-page photograph of me in one of Egypt’s biggest newspapers. "I was worried about how it meant I might be wanted! But it was about how the show has changed the way young people see Israelis. "Before, they only knew us as practically like Nazis – that’s how we were portrayed – but now they understand who we are. "It is the same in Israel – people on the right wing tell us: ‘This is the first time we feel compassionate about the other side’." DON'T MISS... Harry and Meghan deliver huge result for Netflix [INSIGHT] Wednesday’s Enid star pays tribute to Jenna Ortega [INTERVIEW] That 90s Show sparks major fan frenzy with Michael and Jackie cameo [DISCUSSION] The latest season saw the team taken further afield to Lebanon and Belgium. The creators said they were still surprised by the positive reaction to the series after so many years. Fans took to Twitter from all over the globe to share their appreciation for the latest season. Avi Ananda said: "Hope now they know as how much people love their series and its entire cast here in India. Would love to see this Fauda team making Fauda season 5 in India @NaorGilon sir. "That will be Epic for the series and for us. Shalom." Daniel Sadan said: "Can’t wait to watch @FaudaOfficial S4! It’s been a long wait. "I was starting to think we’d seen the end of the show. Glad I was wrong! Thank you @netflix for keeping it going. #Fauda #Fauda4 #Netflix."  Fauda seasons 1-4 are on Netflix now.