Novak Djokovic was full of kind words for Daniil Medvedev after setting up a blockbuster semi-final match with the world No 7 at the Adelaide International. Medvedev has fast become one of Djokovic's most significant rivals in recent years and the 21-time Grand Slam champion claimed that his upcoming opponent was one of the "best players" on tour, explaining how much respect he had for the 26-year-old. Djokovic and Medvedev will renew their rivalry on Saturday in the first tournament of the 2023 season, as they are set to do battle in the Adelaide International semi-final. Both men have started the year strong, failing to drop a set en route to the last four, and the world No 5 was quick to laud his next opponent ahead of their 13th meeting. Speaking after he dispatched Denis Shapovalov 6-3 6-4 in a lengthy battle in Friday's night session, the top seed joked that he was hoping for "another long night." The 21-time Grand Slam champion added: "I don't think there is going to be too many short points tomorrow unless we both serve well. "Normally when you play Daniil, you have to be ready to go the distance." Djokovic and Medvedev's rivalry has become one of the most exciting in men's tennis over the last few years with the pair contesting Grand Slam and Masters 1000 finals, and Saturday's match will be their third in the space of three months. JUST IN: Ash Barty announces pregnancy ahead of Australian Open tennis return  And Djokovic explained just how much respect he had for Medvedev following the Russian's last few seasons, as he become the first non-Big Four member to reach No 1 in the world in 18 years when he ascended to the top of the rankings last February and also defeated Djokovic to win the 2021 US Open.  The world No 5 continued: "Physically, mentally, game-wise he's definitely one of the best players in the world for the last five years. He's established himself, he's a Grand Slam winner, he's a former No 1 in the world so he's someone that I respect a lot and we had some amazing battles over the years, we're hoping for another good battle tomorrow." DON'T MISSRaducanu gets response from ASB Classic after blaming court for injuryMedvedev taken aback as he meets young tennis player with more titlesKyrgios sends 11-word message to Djokovic as Serb discusses friendship     Djokovic needed an hour and 55 minutes to get past Shapovalov in his quarter-final on Friday, facing several break points in the opening set before the Canadian started mounting a comeback from a break down in the final set. Discussing the match, he said: "I think the scoreline probably doesnt give you the right idea of what happened on the court. "It was such a close match, almost two hours for two sets. The first set it was extremely exhausting for both of us, we pushed eachother to the limit physically, lots of long exchanges, rallies in the first six or seven games of the first set. He made a couple of double faults. With 4-3 in the first set for me with new balls, the match turned around for me, I started feeling more relaxed on the court, played really well. "He got back in the second set but I just managed to stay I guess mentally composed in the right moments and play my best tennis, and I'm definitely pleased with the way I fought tonight." 