January is a great month to start introducing winter-flowering plants into the garden to spruce it up and add pops of colour. To help gardeners transform their borders and containers, a spokesperson from Garden Buildings Direct said: “When it comes to setting New Year’s resolutions for January, nothing is better than setting realistic and attainable goals. “Although it may seem like a big ask for many, offering more foliage and flowers into your outdoors spaces requires little effort and yields high rewards - and it is all down to the flowers you choose to plant. “This is why we wanted to share our favourite low maintenance plants and flowers, loved by novice and experienced gardeners alike to brighten up gardens in the New Year.” The gardening experts shared six “low maintenance” plants which can be planted and grown during the winter months, making January the perfect time to get started. The pros explained: “These bright flowers offer large blooms and year-round beauty to those who plant them. READ MORE: ‘Game-changing’ five minute method to clean dirty toilet brush “They are drought and slug-resistant, making them super easy to look after for novice and experienced gardeners alike. Peonies bloom in the same spot for decades so offer years of beauty.” Peonies are also slow-growing, making them ideal for gardeners with small spaces or those who want to grow them in containers. The gardening experts said these are loved by pollinating insects and “super easy to care for”, making these winter flowers great for beginners. They can be recognised by their cup-shaped bright yellow flowers which are around 3cm in width. The pros added: “They do not need pruning, but will require semi-regular watering in the spring time if the season is dry and warm.” DON'T MISS:Nan’s ‘old trick’ to get rid of stubborn brown mug stains for 3p [COMMENT]Improve radiator ‘efficiency’ and prevent ‘blockages’ with one job [INSIGHT]Household staple to kill moss on paving with ‘no scrubbing’ [EXPLAINER] Unlike other plants, winter aconites can deal with small amounts of frost and frequently come up through the snow. These gorgeous flowers provide the garden colour when not much else is flowering, particularly in late winter or early spring. The experts continued: “This resilient plant is a must have for winter and can be planted in pots to make it super simple for gardening beginners. “Some cyclamen varieties must be planted indoors, so make sure to go for hederifolium or coum varieties for sprucing up outdoor pots.” READ MORE: Mum shares 9p ‘trick’ to remove and prevent black window sealant mould According to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), cyclamens can be planted in association with other early-flowering plants such as winter aconites, primroses or snowdrops. Hardy and full of colour, primroses can bring life into gardens through all weather conditions and as well as being super low maintenance, they can also be low cost. Primroses are also readily available, and can be purchased in garden centres and nurseries for cheap. They are also gorgeous to look at, with clusters of large, rounded flowers in a range of colours. The experts said: “They flower from February to April, making them the perfect flower to get planting in winter.” Heathers are low maintenance bushes which offer lots of colour and texture into the garden. The pros added: “Heather is a great option for those wanting to attract wildlife and bees. “Prune every so often and make sure to consider spacing when planting, as the foliage will need space to bloom.” This variety of iris is one of the first to flower in late winter and is ideal for planting in pots or as borders, according to the experts at Garden Buildings Direct. They said planting them right now will ensure a “big display” of blooms for spring. They grow well in part-shade combined with well-drained soil, making them perfect for planting in pots.