Queen Camilla and King Charles were greeted by The Reverend Canon Dr Paul Williams as they attended the New Year's Day service at the Church of St Mary Magdalene on the Sandringham estate today. The Queen Consort looked fabulous in her winter outfit. For the occasion, Queen Camilla appeared to wear a Max Mara "Manuela Belted Coat" which retails for a whopping £1,860. The description says: "Worn by celebrities, royals and fashion icons, the Manuela is a timeless piece that surpasses trends. "One of the label's beloved Icon designs and a favourite of Meghan Markle, the Duchess of Sussex, the Max Mara Manuela coat is an enduringly refined silhouette crafted in the softest camel hair. "Exemplifying a penchant for timeless outerwear, the nonchalant wrap style will have you reaching for it at every occasion."   READ MORE: Camilla has taken years off with food that makes you 'look younger'     Meghan, 41, previously wore the camel version of this coat in 2016 while out and about in Toronto and in a photo posted to her Instagram signing autographs for fans. Queen Camilla's version, however, is the ultramarine-coloured coat. To accessorise, the Queen Consort wore her horseshoe-shaped sapphire, ruby and diamond brooch—the "Minoru" brooch. Minoru was the horse that famously made King Edward VII the first Monarch to win the Epsom Derby in 1909. Queen Camilla also carried a £295 navy DeMellier London "Mini Venise" handbag, the exact same version previously carried by Meghan back in 2018. The Duchess of Sussex carried the forest green version of the handbag when out on a royal engagement. The description says: "A press favourite, the Mini Venice is as cute as it is practical. "Crafted in luxurious cowhide leather, this little gem is lightweight, making it perfect for long days out. READ MORE: The change Camilla should make or risk looking 'unkempt and aged' "Choose to wear it over the shoulder, cross-body or by its ladylike handle." However, Meghan and Camilla are not the only two royals who enjoy wearing DeMellier handbags. Princess Beatrice has been spotted with the Dubai carry-all on at least two occasions. Although she's not a member of the Royal Family, Kate Middleton's sister Pippa Middleton's interest in the label should be noted as well. For her part, Pippa has been seen with both the Milan and Luxembourg handbags. Finally, Queen Camilla wore a chic hat today with brown and white feathers sticking out on the top. Royal fan @camillaregbrit tweeted: "This is what I wanted to see on the first day of the year! "The beautiful new Queen knows how to play the fashion game!"