Erik ten Hag has told Manchester United supporters that he would like to sign Kylian Mbappe and Jude Bellingham before admitting that the club lacks the funds required to make that possible. The Dutchman is rebuilding his Red Devils squad and has made it no secret that he did not believe that the club was recruiting the right players prior to his arrival. After splashing the cash in the summer, United are set to have a more low-key January transfer window. Ten Hag is prioritising signing a forward after Cristiano Ronaldo had his contract terminated at Old Trafford earlier this season, leaving him short of depth in the final third. Wout Weghorst and Vincent Aboubakar are amongst the cut-price options being eyed by United, though Ten Hag has admitted to fans that he would like to make marquee signings, both up top and in other departments. United have a long-standing interest in Borussia Dortmund star Bellingham, and he remains a target of the manager. In footage shared on TikTok, he was asked by a supporter whether he thinks United will sign Bellingham, to which he replied: “I want to.” The fan followed up by asking if PSG’s Mbappe was another option, which prompted another supporter to chime in with “Can’t you sign both?” The question tickled Ten Hag, who laughed before replying: “You have some pennies for me?” Bellingham is valued at over £100million by Dortmund and numerous clubs are interested in signing him this summer, which could spark a bidding war between some of Europe’s giants. Liverpool, Manchester City and Real Madrid are amongst those keen on the 19-year-old, with United also keeping tabs on the situation in hope of pouncing. Acquiring his services would be a real sign of intent from the Red Devils, as would signing Mbappe – valued by Transfermarkt at £158m. Since his appointment, Ten Hag has been transforming his United team and offloading those who he feels are not up to the standard of the club. The Dutchman recently revealed that he felt the club had wasted funds on ‘average players’ over the past few seasons. He told Voetbal: “The club has bought an unimaginable number of players in recent years who have not been good enough. Most purchases have been average - and at United average is not good enough. United's shirt weighs heavily. Only real personalities, who can perform under great pressure, can play here.” It remains to be seen whether United are able to push to sign Bellingham this summer or if funds will be spread amongst several acquisitions across the pitch.