Toilet seats are often prone to stains caused by limescale buildup. If you keep them unattended for a long period of time, the stains keep getting nastier and more difficult to deal with. This is why it is important to get rid of the stains from your toilet seat as soon as you encounter them. A spokesperson for WD-40 has shared a simple way to clean toilet seats while removing those nasty yellow stains, which is to use the WD-40 Multi Use product. They said: “When it comes to cleaning toilet seat stains, WD-40 is not the first thing that comes to people’s minds. This is because the brand is often associated with degreasing metals, lubricating doors, and dealing with vehicle maintenance. However, with a can of WD-40 Multi Use, nothing is impossible. “WD-40 can be readily used for removing stains from your toilet seat. Hard water stains are fairly similar to rust stains and the product works extremely well when it comes to dealing with rust. “When you use WD-40 on your toilet seat, the product starts as a liquid and penetrates the rust particles while dealing with the surface they have accumulated on. “The liquid then evaporates into a gaseous form, loosening the rust from the surface and making it easier for you to wipe it off. READ MORE: Plumber’s £1 method to remove toilet limescale - will look ‘like new’ “Moreover, WD-40 creates a seal around the affected areas to stop the stains from sticking to the pores of the surface. This prevents your toilet seat from getting stained again easily. “With the highly potent liquid, you can get yourself a sparkling clean toilet within a few minutes.” To use this product, the first step is to spray it on the stained areas of the toilet seat. It is important to note the liquid is fairly potent and you do not need to spray a lot of it to get better results. DON'T MISS5 ‘vital’ bedroom mistakes to ‘avoid’ - makes the room ‘unbreathable’ [EXPERT]‘Tacky’ interior trends to avoid that make your home appear ‘cheap’ [INSIGHT]5 ‘essential’ garden plants that need to be pruned in winter - and how [TIPS] The expert said: “Based on how big and nasty the stains are, a couple of good sprays should be enough to let WD-40 work its magic.” Also, before you spray the liquid on your toilet seat, make sure you read the safety instructions written on the back of the can. It is also important to make sure that there is enough ventilation around you as you clean stains off your toilet seat. The next step is to let the liquid sit for some time. After you are done spraying the liquid, allow it to sit for eight to 10 minutes. READ MORE: 13p kitchen item is the ‘most effective’ method of removing limescale This will allow the products to penetrate within the stain particles and loosen them up. If you are dealing with stains that are old and tough, you may need to wait a little longer before it is time to scrub it off. Once you have allowed the liquid to settle down for a bit, take a brush and scrub the liquid along with the stains off your toilet seat. The expert said: “You will notice how easily the stains come off and how the toilet seat restores its original look. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Although the magic works during the first scrub itself, you can repeat the process if the stains are not completely removed in one go.” For those looking for a natural method to clean their toilet seat and remove any stubborn stains, the cleaning pros at In The Wash advised using a concoction of baking soda and white vinegar. They said: “To clean your toilet seat, all you need to do is make a paste of equal parts bicarbonate of soda and distilled white vinegar. “Apply the paste to the toilet seat and leave it to sit for between 10 and 30 minutes. Scrub the stains, then wipe the toilet seat with a cloth dipped in clean, warm water. If any stains remain, repeat the process.”