More teasers of explosive Prince Harry interviews have royal fans on tenterhooks, with the Duke posed the question"so the heir is jealous of the spare?" in a new clip. The latest interview segment comes from Good Morning America as journalist Michael Strahan probes Harry's relationship with Prince William. The 'heir and spare' phrase, adopted as the title for Harry's book, comes from an old saying in royal and aristocratic circles that a first son is an heir to power - and the second is therefore a spare. In the clip, released on Thursday, Harry says he is hoping to set the record straight with the release of his new highly anticipated memoir. While speaking with Strahan, co-anchor on the ABC breakfast show, the Duke said he believes sharing "the truth" is what it will take to bring some peace between himself and other members of the family. In the promotional clip released ahead of the interview, Harry says: "Ultimately, what this all comes down to is, I don't think that we can ever have peace with my family unless the truth is out there." The full interview is set to air on Monday, just one day before the book will hit shelves. The book will be a "firsthand account of my life that's accurate and wholly truthful", according to Prince Harry. He is expected to divulge information about his life in the Royal Family and encounters with other royals. In the book, Harry is expected to discuss the state of his relationship with King Charles III and William. In the Good Morning America clip, Strahan asks Harry "so the heir is jealous of the spare?", a reply to which is not shown in the teaser. The title of the book, Spare, is a nod to his birth order in the monarchy, as his older brother is the 'heir' to the throne, while Harry, the younger brother, is the 'spare'. The Good Morning America clips follows a series of other interviews by the Duke, including one with CBS and another with ITV. Both are set to air on Sunday. Clips from the explosive interviews show the prince speaking about his grievances with the Royal Family. During his 60 Minutes interview with CBS' Anderson Cooper, Harry also claimed Buckingham Palace had leaked and planted stories about the Sussexes.  An excerpt of his book was also released on Thursday, in which the Duke made explosive revelations about his brother. In the excerpt, released by the Guardian, Harry reportedly claimed Prince William physically attacked him during a confrontation over his wife, Meghan Markle. According to the paper, the pair were at Harry's home when he claimed his brother called Meghan "rude", "difficult" and "abrasive", a criticism Harry described as "parrot[ing of] the press narrative". Harry alleged that the argument became more heated and he tried to give William a glass of water, with him saying: "Willy, I can’t speak to you when you’re like this." Harry wrote: "He set down the water, called me another name, then came at me. It all happened so fast. So very fast. "He grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor. "I landed on the dog’s bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me. "I lay there for a moment, dazed, then got to my feet and told him to get out." 