Crystal Palace star Wilfried Zaha has dropped a potential hint on his future amid reported interest from Tottenham and Chelsea. The 30-year-old is coming to the end of his contract and rubbished claims that his chance of a big move may have come and gone via a deleted social media dig. Zaha has spent virtually his entire career at Palace, aside from an unsuccessful stint at Manchester United and a brief loan spell with Cardiff City. All bar 17 of his 464 club appearances have been with the Eagles but his future is currently uncertain. With his contract due to expire at the end of the season, Palace may have to settle for losing him on a free transfer with various top sides linked. Tottenham and Chelsea are among them, while the tricky winger may also have options abroad amid claims of admirers in Barcelona and Turin. The Ivory Coast international's future was a topic of debate on Sky Sports this week, during which a member of the Good Morning Transfers panel said: "I actually think the big move is gone. JUST IN: Leeds' revamped XI with new signing and £66m duo "The chance was there when he was linked to Arsenal and a few other clubs. I felt as though that was his time to go, when he was at the peak of his powers. Now, if he's thinking, 'Can I go to Arsenal, City, Liverpool, United, Chelsea, Spurs...', all these sides have wingers or players that they trust. "I think the move has actually gone, and in the end he may actually end up having to stay at Palace." Zaha didn't take kindly to the idea that he may not perk the interest of top Premier League sides, as he responded in a deleted Twitter post: "I actually don't know what's funner, that jumper or the nonsense coming out his mouth." DON'T MISS...Jurgen Klopp may have got glimpse of Liverpool future in Wolves clashLeeds target £66m double transfer deal with 'full agreement' closeWout Weghorst to Man Utd in jeopardy as Besiktas chief makes demand Zaha was an immediate hit when breaking through at Palace in the Championship as a teenager, earning him a move to Old Trafford in 2013. The trickster was then limited to just two Premier League appearances in just over a season with the Red Devils, claiming that he was never given a proper chance by then-manager David Moyes. Now into his ninth Premier League campaign back at Selhurst Park, Zaha's output has gradually increased over the years, hitting double figures in the league in three of his last four seasons. This time around he has notched six goals and two assists in 16 outings which, if he can keep it up, should stand him in good stead to land a significant move in the summer. Despite interest linking Zaha to a potential exit this month, The Athletic claim that he is committed to seeing out his contract in south London. "We know the situation and we want to keep him," admitted Palace boss Patrick Vieira before their FA Cup defeat to Southampton at the weekend. "He's an important player for the club and he's loved here. We have to wait and see what he will decide to do. What matters is the commitment he is showing in the games."