A lioness was killed "almost instantly" by a lion at Longleat Safari Park in Wiltshire on New Year's Day. Guests said they were diverted away from the lion enclosure in the early afternoon due to an unknown major incident.  One of the guests held up near the enclosure said on social media that they could see a lioness lying still on the floor injured. Guests did not appear to be aware that the lioness had been killed. Longleat Safari Park said that keepers rushed to the scene but despite their best efforts the animal died "almost instantly". Such incidents are very rare but can "naturally occur" the park added.  There was however no risk posed to guests close to the lion enclosure. A Longleat spokesperson told Wiltshire Live that the timescales involved made the survival of the Lioness almost impossible. They said: "This weekend [January 1 2023] saw one of the lionesses at Longleat sadly killed by another lion. "This kind of incident is very rare but can naturally occur amongst apex predators.  READ MORE: New laws coming in 2023 will affect homeowners, renters and pensioners "It happened incredibly quickly, with the lioness dying almost instantly. "Our professional keepers were immediately on the scene, however the timescales involved meant there was no possibility of intervention. "There was no risk to guests." It comes just two weeks after another incident at the safari when two rare red panda cubs died when temperatures dropped below freezing.  DON'T MISS: Baba Vanga who predicted Brexit and 9/11 makes 2023 predictions [REVEAL] Sunak responds to furious backlash over NHS crisis [INSIGHT] Police seal off cave in Liverpool as forensic officers spotted [SPOTLIGHT]  The two animals, who were born last summer, were found in their nesting box. Staff said that initial investigations showed that they had died from hypothermia and weaning problems. The young cubs named Tala and Sumi were born to Emma and Lionel as part of a breeding programme for endangered species at the park. 