"What I if I told you that you could look younger straight away?" said Miranda Holder, a celebrity stylist who is known for her viral fashion videos which she posts for her audience of 94.7K followers on the TikTok page @themirandaholer. While your attention might first turn to skincare or beauty products in the pursuit of a more youthful appearance, according to Miranda, there is another major element which could make ageing you dramatically. With one "simple" wardrobe switch, Miranda claims you can make "your eyes sparklier, your skin more radiant and fine lines and wrinkles will appear diminished". She continued: "It's simply by wearing the right colour. Get the colour right and it will take years off you. Get the colour wrong and your complexion may appear ruddy or sallow. "The dark circles under your eyes will be more obvious. Fine lines or wrinkles will be exaggerated and you'll just look more tired. "I always tell clients it's really useful to know which are your best colours but it's more important to know which are your worst ones and frankly make you look dug up." READ MORE: Skincare routine of 72-year-old who 'doesn't look a day over 50' Wearing the right colour is about more than just finding a shade you like, but rather looking closely at the tones present in your complexion. "The first thing to do is to establish whether you are warm or cool toned," explained Miranda. "You can do this easily at home with a few tests." The best way to establish whether you are warm or cool toned is by identifying your skin's undertone. This not only plays a big role in your wardrobe but can also ensure you are picking the right shades of makeup and may even inspire your next hair transformation. Your undertone is different to your skin tone. The undertone is the muted colour which sits beneath the skin and doesn't change when exposed to UV rays. Typically this is categorised as warm, cool or neutral. Those with a cool undertone will notice red and pink with a tint of blue. Warm undertones tend to feature yellow, peachy and golden hues. Neutral undertones often have an olive shade or a balanced mix of blues and yellows. DON'T MISSChinese horoscope 2023 - What's in store for the Rat this year [ANALYSIS]Makeup mistakes women over 50 make that can ‘add years to your face’ [COMMENT]How to look younger: Jennifer Lopez's 4 anti-ageing techniques [INSIGHT] One of the easiest ways to determine the undertone of your skin is by looking at your face in natural light. Make sure you are not wearing any makeup when doing this. Your jawline in particular is much less affected by colour changes than the rest of your face, so this can be a good indication of the exact tones your skin holds. Alternatively, looking at your veins in natural light can also give a nod towards your undertone. If your veins appear blue or purple, you have a cool skin tone. If your veins look green or a greenish blue, you have a warm skin tone. If you can’t clearly decipher which shade your veins appear to be, you likely have a neutral skin tone. There are many layers to identifying the best colour palette for each individual person. Those with a cool skin tone often suit top colours including emeralds, deep purples, lavender, pink, ice blue and bright blues. Similarly, natural, earthy shades also work well. Colours which work for warm skin tones include peach, coral, amber and gold. Soft neutrals, such as cream, beige and mushroom work to compliment warm skin tones too. Those with a neutral skin tone are often able to pull from both sides of the colour spectrum, though what looks best can vary depending on the shade of your skin.