Maya Jama, 28, has become a household name after taking on the main role as presenter on this season’s Love Island. Fans had gushed over the star’s striking good looks as they realised that she is the spitting image of her mother, Sadie, 46. The TV favourite had landed her biggest gig yet as the host of Love Island. Previous hosts of the show included the late Caroline Flack and Laura Whitmore. Supporting her all the way has been her lookalike mum, who is incredibly proud of her daughter's successes. After first stepping into the spotlight as a radio presenter on Rinse FM, Maya went on to bag primetime weekend slots on BBC Radio One. READ MORE:Love Island's Ron 'unsure what to think' after Lana's famous ex news Going on to host the BRIT Awards, MOBOs and now Love Island, Maya is going from strength to strength. Sadie gave birth to Maya when she was 18 and has been featured on TV before. She starred alongside her daughter on an episode of All Round to Mrs Brown’s and viewers simply could not believe it was Maya's mum. While the host talked about Sadie's looks, Maya joked: "I know. Literally the bane of my childhood." Maya's mum tied the knot with her long-term partner back in 2018. In September 2018 Maya posted a series of snaps of her mum’s wedding. Sharing photos from the special day, Maya wrote: "Best day ever watching my mum marry her soulmate, one of the loveliest people I know (ft. The family. Last video is where I get it from) 18 years strong." Maya often speaks about her mum and how they have a close relationship. DONT MISS:Love Island’s Dani Dyer announces she's pregnant with twins (PHOTOS)Gemma Atkinson left in agony as fitted brace 'slashes her lip' (NEWS)Stacey Solomon apologises as she responds to rumours she’s given birth (LATEST) The Love Island presenter previously told the Evening Standard: "She had me at 18, so our relationship was a bit different. I rebelled less because I was quite free. “My mum's always been like, 'I want you to have your experiences — just tell me. I'm not going to judge you or shout at you.'" Not a lot is known about Maya's dad but in 2017 she made a documentary about growing up without a father, after she stopped seeing him when she was 12. Speaking about him being in and out of prison, Maya told The Guardian: "It wasn’t one long sentence, it was lots of sentences – sentence after sentence. “Mostly, it was for violence, for pub brawls and fights. The usual thing was that he’d be drinking and get into a fight. Someone would get hurt, and he’d go to jail. "I had plenty of people around me who did what a dad should do. “I never felt unloved; my childhood was as good as it could have been. There was no lack of love, and my dad’s brother was around so there was a male presence."