Finding Freedom author Omid Scobie weighed in on Prince Harry's explosive ITV and CBS interviews ahead of the release of his memoir, named Spare, on Good Morning Britain. Omid alleged members of the Royal Family are "waiting to see what is inside the book" as he spoke out about how the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are "moving forward" with their lives.  Omid's interview about Harry and Meghan was aired on Monday's instalment of Good Morning Britain which was hosted by Richard Madeley and Susanna Reid. When Omid was asked if he knew if Harry had spoken to his family at all, he claimed: "There has been absolutely zero communication between Harry and Meghan and the institution of the monarchy and family members within it. "I think on the royal side they have really been waiting to see what is inside the book beyond what the press is reporting about it. "But I do also think that this is the end of it, there is nothing left to share in this story." READ MORE: Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ Neil is working with Tommy Lee Royce He also claimed: "I think that Harry and Meghan will both want to show the world that they are in a good place and they are moving forward." Buckingham Palace has not released a statement following Harry's interviews with ITV and CBS or his Netflix docu-series with Meghan. The father-of-two's ITV and CBS interviews, where he addressed his reasons for writing a memoir, were broadcast on Sunday. During his ITV interview with journalist Tom Bradby, Harry candidly opened up on Princess Diana's death, his issues with the British press, and his fractured relationship with his brother Prince William.  Harry claimed Meghan was "not welcome" at Balmoral when Queen Elizabeth II died in September. However, he said elsewhere in the interview: “I love my father, I love my brother, I love my family.” Harry revealed he had no intention of hurting or harming his loved ones. But he cryptically added regarding the tabloid press: “Certain members have decided to get in bed with the devil. DON'T MISS...Harry had ‘proper laugh’ teaching Queen Mother Ali G style wrist slap [LATEST]King will come through the crisis - Harry will be tarnished forever [COMMENT]Piers Morgan demands 'old GMB job back' after Prince Harry admission [UPDATE] “But the moment that rehabilitation comes at the detriment to others, me, other members of my family, that’s where I draw the line.” Excerpts from his book aired as part of the interview revealed as Harry and Prince William's relationship deteriorated, the brothers met with King Charles III to discuss the situation after the Duke of Edinburgh's funeral. Harry claimed William "swore" on their mother's life he just wanted his younger brother to be happy. “For nearly 25 years we’d reserved that soul-crushing vow for times when one of us needed to be heard to be believed quickly,” Harry penned in his memoir. 