Queen Camilla, 75, attended church on the Sandringham estate on Sunday with her husband King Charles, 74. The Queen Consort wore a beautiful Anna Valentine camel cashmere coat for the occasion, which was the same coat she wore on an engagement in Bolton on Friday. Queen Camilla paired her coat with some Russell and Bromley black suede boots which she frequently wears every winter season. To accessorise, the Queen Consort carried an Aspinal of London Midi Mayfair Bag in Amazon Brown Croc. This bag retails for £595 and features the "recognisable signature shield lock synonymous with this memorable collection, which opens to unveil a luxurious grosgrain lining with a central zipped compartment and open pockets to either side", according to the brand's website. But it was Camilla's hat which turned heads because the Queen Consort appeared to make some alterations to the beautiful piece. READ MORE: Edward made 'extraordinarily informal gesture' to Sophie at wedding Queen Camilla wore her  The description continued: "The Estate hat, made of British tweed and faux fur, is an excellent choice for those searching for cosiness this winter."  Royal fan @camillaregbrit tweeted: "The Queen greeted young girls after attending Sunday church service at St Mary Magdalene's Church, Sandringham, this morning.  Another fan, @nocontxtcamilla added: "Love the feathers and that printed scarf." A Twitter user with the name Camilla Regina Britanniae posted: " READ MORE: Camilla copies Queen Elizabeth's most 'iconic' style - 'fabulous' It is unclear why the Queen Consort added the feathers to her hat which she has owned for many years, but it did look reminiscent of Kate Middleton's hat which she wore on Christmas Day at Sandringham. The Princess of Wales wore a wide-brimmed hat with an embroidered band from Philip Treacy's Autumn/Winter 2023 collection and looked magnificent. She paired this with one of her favourite Alexander McQueen coats which she then accessorised with her go-to Sézane dangle earrings. The Princess then kept warm with brown gloves and coordinating brown high heel boots. As well as wearing a lovely feathered hat, Queen Camilla also chose to wear camel which happened to match her husband King Charles' style. Twitter user @camillaregbrit said: "Matching in camel coats, the King and Queen were seen attending Sunday church service at St Mary Magdalene's Church, Sandringham. "Her Majesty wearing the same coat she wore in Manchester the other day." Royal fan @TheGreatRose2 replied: "The Contented Ones! So in step! The story of Love!"