Boris Johnson was warned he could be one of the top targets on a potential Putin hit-list of prominent British public officials. The Russian President has already been accussed of ruthlessly dispatching his enemies both inside and outside of Russia's borders. The Kremlin tyrant was linked to the poisonings of both Alexander Litvinenko and Sergey Skripal, both of whom were living in the UK at the time they were targeted. Mr Litvinenko, a former KGB officer, died a painful death in 2006, after he ingested polonium that was allegedly sprinkled in his tea during a meeting with two Russian men at a London hotel. Mr Skripal, a former GRU officer, and his daughter Yulia, both survived a Novichok poisoning attempt in Salisbury in 2018. Bellingcat, the open-source investigative media outlet, later identified two Russian intelligence officers - Anatoliy Chepiga and Alexander Mishkin - as having carried out the attack. Britain's fully-fledged support for Ukraine following Putin's decision to invade last February has raised fears that UK politicians and government officials could be targeted by the Kremlin for political assassination. A security expert told Express.co.uk that Boris Johnson could well find himself a prominent target for Putin's deadly assassins. Glen Grant, a former Lieutenant Colonel in the British army and now an expert working for the Baltic Security Foundation, said the former Prime Minister was vulnerable. He said: "Johnson could be on the list, but only because they might find it hard to find or attack the others and Johnson is more open. "But equally he is the most unpredictable in terms of movement and activity so they would find it almost impossible to target him without monstrous resources." Mr Grant added that others who could feature on a putative Putin kill-list include the current Prime Minister, Rishi Sunak, as well as the UK's Chief of Defence and both the heads of MI5 and MI6 - Sir Tony Radakin, Ken McCallum, and Richard Moore respectively. His comments come in the wake of claims made by Mr Johnson in a BBC Two documentary that Putin had threatened him with a missile strike during a telephone conversation in the lead-up to the Ukraine war. Mr Johnson had been on a visit to Kyiv at the time, when he received the "most extraordinary call" from Moscow. The former Prime Minister had tried to dissuade Putin from going ahead with his invasion, pointing out that the war would be disastrous for Russia's economy and would strengthen Nato and bring it closer to his borders. READ MORE:Royal Navy workers used super glue to repair Trident submarine He recalled: "He threatened me at one point, and he said, 'Boris, I don't want to hurt you but, with a missile, it would only take a minute' or something like that. "But I think from the very relaxed tone that he was taking, the sort of air of detachment that he seemed to have, he was just playing along with my attempts to get him to negotiate." The Kremlin dismissed the claims and called Mr Johnson a liar. Mr Grant told the Express that any Russian attack on the UK would result in an "enormous and devastating" response from Nato and suggested that Putin was not 'so foolish" as to try it. Russia stepped up its attacks in Ukraine's Donbas region on Monday, as fierce fighting continued around there towns of Pavlivka and Vuhledar. The UK's Ministry of Defence said there was a "realistic possibility" that Putin's army would continue to make local gains. DON'T MISSWagner group and Chinese spies plot against Ukraine [NEWS]Ukraine says waves of Russian troops 'crushed' in latest assault [SPOTLIGHT]Boris Johnson's Putin missile attack claims disputed by Kremlin [INSIGHT] However, they doubted that the Russians had enough men and equipment to make an "operationally significant" breakthrough. Nato's chief is expecting a new major Russian offensive in the coming weeks. Jens Stoltenberg told reporters in South Korea on Monday that he saw no evidence of Putin trying to dial down the fighting. He said: "We see the opposite. We see that [the Russians] are preparing for more war, that they are mobilising more soldiers, more than 200,000, and potentially even more than that. "That they are actively acquiring new weapons, more ammunition, ramping up their own production, but also acquiring more weapons from other authoritarian states like Iran and North Korea." President Zelensky has urged Western leaders to speed up the delivery of weapons to Ukraine to help his army repel the Russians.