Instead, despite everything we’re all going through, the attention seekers once again have little to add that might actually be helpful. What next? Maybe a they’ll release a pop song through Archwell Audio: “When I find myself in times of trouble, Meghan Markle comes to me, preaching words of wokeness. Look at me!” At least Netflix seems to have listened to some feedback, though, and given us what we all wanted: a “skip Meghan and Harry” button. The tiresome couple’s on-screen contribution to the new "Live to Lead" series is restricted to the opening titles sequence. So imagine my glee when I saw that wonderful little “skip intro” button pop up just as Meghan looked me in the eye to tell me how important it is to lead life as a leader. Reader, I skipped the intro. There’s nothing quite like a woman who I’ve only heard of because she married a rich prince telling me how important it is to fight social injustice. A series about truly inspiring leaders might have been a bit dull without the world’s best known, entitled poseurs preaching at us. In her cameo, Megs quotes Mandela, telling us “it is what difference we have made to the lives of others that will determine the significance of the life we lead.” She’s not wrong. She has indeed made a lot of difference to the lives of others. She made a difference to the life of the late Queen Elizabeth II. She’s making a difference to the life of our new King, Charles III. She might have made a difference to the homeless guy she had her bodyguard pass a pre-prepared rucksack of water, peanut-butter crackers and granola bars to during a carefully engineered interview for a magazine (unlikely). But I’m not sure that’s what Nelson Mandela was thinking of when he said those words. Of course, the subjects of these films aren’t all universally loved paragons of virtue; Jacinda Ardern and Greta Thunberg, for example, are both politicians with very specific social and economic aims not necessarily shared by all. Here, they’re presented as sort of modern day saints and untouchable saviours of humanity. And while many like their ideologies and beliefs, many don’t. But "Live to Lead" won’t enlighten viewers much in relation to any of that. Documentaries which present unquestioning, slushy versions of people’s lives have a limited appeal. The kitsch background music and trite quotations that make up these sorts of films are the hallmarks of the "documentary lite" genre that we see more and more of in today’s media marketplace — many thanks to Archewell productions. That genre has more in common with propaganda films than with the layered, educational documentaries many love to watch on Netflix. The freedom of the streaming services is that they don’t have to pander to advertisers, so they can challenge holy cows. They’re free to ask difficult questions and highlight complex dilemmas. They can let their work sprawl over multiple episodes, leaving no question unasked. It’s disappointing, then, when they instead produce extended adverts for individuals, however worthy. On the one hand, H and Megs are a weird choice to read the opening lines about how the series focuses on leaders following in Nelson Mandela’s inspirational footsteps to lead social change. Neither of them has done that. They’re famous for being rich and privileged, and facing no real societal problems of note. Sure, Meghan was upset by an advert for washing up liquid once as a child, but it isn’t quite the same thing as 20 years in prison. On the other hand, it’s totally understandable that the Nelson Mandela Foundation and Netflix settled on the Duke and Duchess of Woke to overact the documentaries’ opening lines, wearing the most over earnest facial expressions and blackest clothes they could find. They are literally the only reason many of us are watching this well-meaning but essentially quite boring series. It feels like a made-for-the-web, UN-sponsored children’s show, so perhaps the expensive celeb endorsement felt like a good idea at the time. For Harry and Meghan it marks the moment they moved on, for now at least, from selling royal gossip. But instead of being a positive step, it feels like a new career low: reading out the one sentence episode descriptions to the subjects of a plodding kids’ style documentary series is hardly thought leadership. Perhaps they hope appearing at the start of these half hour films will somehow subliminally connect them in our minds with the selfless and impressive acts of the much more august people discussed in the other 29 minutes. It’s like when Beyonce and Jay-Z performed with their backs to the Mona Lisa in the Louvre, apparently leading a naked ab-crunch class in the world famous art museum. Today’s celebs might hope that proximity to someone or something greater than themselves will trick us into putting them in the same category, but in truth it just highlights their own pretentious delusions of grandeur. Beyonce and Jay-Z didn’t just try to place themselves in this palace of high culture and art, they turned their back on the timeless, creative works of genius on display to seemingly suggest their contribution was actually more important. After the stunt, the Louvre enjoyed record attendance, so just as with the Mandela foundation, we can’t blame them for their part in the transaction. But Meghan and Harry don’t come out of this one well — they aren’t on a par with Ruth Bader Ginsburg or Gloria Steinem. They don’t even deserve to be in the same film. You have to wonder if the 20th and 21st Century "idols" profiled in the series even knew they’d be used as a Harry and Meghan vehicle once their interviews had been edited. The credits end with another Mandela quote: “A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.” Even between them, it’s not clear Meghan and Harry have either.