The year has already seen new driving law changes introduced, with rules designed to reduce pollution rates in major cities with a new Clean Air Zone and new ULEZ requirements.  Express.co.uk rounds up the latest motoring rules to be introduced for February 2023 and their impact on drivers. Sheffield will be the latest city to introduce a Clean Air Zone when it launches on Monday, February 27, with the Class C CAZ charging non-compliant vehicles. The CAZ, which covers most of the city centre as well as the University of Sheffield and Sheffield Hallam University, will not charge private cars and motorcycles. The most polluting vans, LGVs and taxis will face charges of £10 per day, while coaches, buses, lorries and HGVs will fork out £50 per day. READ MORE: Drivers could be fined £80 simply for clearing windscreen frost Councillor Julie Grocutt, Co-Chair of the Transport Regeneration and Climate Policy Committee, said: “The Clean Air Zone is a necessary intervention to protect current and future generations in our city from the effects of exposure to NO2 emissions. “While we are legally mandated by Government to introduce it, it is a scheme we completely support. “We are committed to doing all we can to limit the public health implications such as permanent damage to children’s lungs, strokes, lung cancer and cardiovascular disease. “We cannot ignore these damaging effects and must implement important schemes such as the Clean Air Zone for the benefit of our city.” DON'T MISSElectric car drivers can make use of 'magic' feature to avoid frost [HELPFUL]'It's key' for drivers to refill engine oil or risk major damage [INSIGHT]Motorist makes £25,000 a year from renting out drive for parking [INCREDIBLE] In January, the Department for Transport launched a public consultation on the future of MOTs in Great Britain, which will come to an end on February 28. Views are being sought to update MOT testing for cars, motorbikes and vans to ensure roadworthiness checks continue to balance costs on motorists while ensuring road safety, keeping up with advances in vehicle technology, and tackling vehicle emissions. To ensure MOTs remain fit for the future, the consultation is seeking views on proposals to change the date at which the first MOT for new light vehicles is required from three to four years. READ MORE: UK 'desperately needs' EV chargers to keep pace with car sales The average MOT costs £40 and the move could save motorists across Great Britain around £100million a year in MOT fees. The consultation also seeks views on the frequency of MOTs and how to improve the monitoring of emissions to tackle pollution to bolster the environmental efficiency of vehicles. The GOV.UK website also states that the MOT testing guide and inspection manuals will be updated on February 6. It is believed this will address requirements for mirrors, seatbelts and emissions. Driving examiners and vehicle testers will take part in Civil Service strike action on February 1, 2023, and is part of the national industrial action by the PCS union over pay, pensions, jobs and redundancy terms. The strike action might affect driving and motorcycle tests, approved driving instructor (ADI) and motorcycle instructor tests and checks as well as the DVSA’s customers service centre. MOT tester demonstration tests will also be affected. These are special tests for people qualifying as an MOT tester. However, the strike action will not affect theory tests and MOTs for cars, vans and motorcycles. Previous strikes took place in areas across England and Wales in December and January. At the end of January, the DVSA announced that driving examiners would begin to wear body worn cameras during driving tests, due to an increase in unacceptable violent and abusive incidents against driving examiners in recent months. In a statement to Express.co.uk, Peter Hearn, DVSA’s Director of Operations, said: “Our colleagues have every right to feel safe at work. One assault is one too many and we will not tolerate any form of abuse.”