CEO of OneYearNoBeer (OYNB), Ruari Fairbairns, shared his tips and tricks on how to burn excess fat and lose weight after Christmas, including outdoor activity, cutting down on alcohol and staying hydrated by opting for other healthy drinks. Most people find themselves sitting on the sofa for long periods of time, drinking in abundance and watching Christmas specials during the holiday season. Being sedentary can make people feel bloated and lead to unhealthy eating habits. To detox the body and improve energy levels and digestion, the expert explained it’s important to get outside and get moving. Ruari explained: "The winter season is probably one of the toughest times of the year to stay active. It's cold outside, and there's less daylight, making it hard to get out of bed in the morning and motivate yourself to exercise. "However, staying active during the cold months can help you beat seasonal affective disorder (SAD), maintain your fitness goals into 2023 and feel generally happier." READ MORE: Kate Middleton diet: The Duchess' diet plan she follows to stay slim He recommended stretching before the workouts to improve mobility and avoid injury. "Then find an exercise form that you like so that your routine stays consistent, whether it’s running, dancing, yoga, or hiking, you’re more likely to stick with your fitness goals if you enjoy your workout." Drinking plenty of fluid is essential to stay energised and flush toxins from the body. "To stay hydrated with added essential nutrients, put a teaspoon of fresh lemon juice in warm water. Lemons are loaded with vitamin C and diuretic properties that can help the body detox," the expert said. Another good option is to drink green tea as it contains powerful antioxidants that help the body eliminate harmful toxins. "If you find it hard to drink the recommended eight glasses of water a day, try eating foods with a high-water content – such as watermelon, strawberries, blueberries, and melon – to help keep you hydrated throughout the day," he recommended.  After Christmas, it can be hard to detox when New Year’s Eve is just around the corner. "You may want to enjoy the celebrations without getting blackout drunk so you can stick to your healthy fitness goals," Ruari said. The expert suggested opting for "non-alcoholic drinks as they are a great option for those who want to enjoy the taste of alcohol and engage in social activities whilst staying sober". Luckily, there is now a wide variety of non-alcoholic beers, wines and spirits available in most stores, and plenty of mocktail options. "An easy trick for staying sober during New Year’s Eve is to nominate yourself as the designated driver. Other people are likely to respect your decision not to drink and be incredibly happy that a personal chauffeur is available too! It also means that you’ll be less tempted to have an alcoholic drink yourself," the expert said. READ MORE: 'Fabulous' at 64: Woman drops 5 stone with 'very easy' diet Alternatively, slimmers can suggest eating out in a restaurant as a change from drinking in a bar or pub. "Eating together around a table can be a warm way to see in the New Year with friends or family," the expert added. The expert revealed that on average, one Christmas dinner can contain a whopping 956 calories for the main course alone. "That’s not to include Christmas pudding, at 140 calories, and alcohol, with one unit at 85 calories. The average Briton consumes 26 units on Christmas Day, which totals a staggering 2,210 calories of alcohol alone," he explained. Christmas dinners and alcohol are often loaded with sugar, which takes the body extra effort to break down. To detox and re-stabilise the body and boost the gut health, "including an abundance of vegetables in your diet, such as kale, carrots, fennel, and Savoy cabbage will give your body plenty of fibre, and fibre is essential for keeping your body in balance and stimulating your digestion". Alcohol-free challenges "are great for boosting your motivation and holding you accountable to making lasting, healthy changes beyond all the Christmas overindulgence", Ruari said. These can be incredibly helpful to help reset, realign, and rewrite unhealthy behaviour patterns and help the body recover post-Christmas. By quitting drinking for good, "you’ll develop better habits for controlling your alcohol consumption", the expert explained. He continued: "An added perk is that you can also get into shape, sleep more deeply, and improve your mood. You don’t have to do the challenges alone. You can access a friendly online global community of other people on the same journey or try the challenges out with a supportive friend/family member."