Whether as an oasis of calm, a sea of tranquillity, or a facilitator of a good night’s sleep, bedrooms play a major part in everyday life – in fact, people spend around a third of their lives there. However, these rooms are often undervalued during home renovations and can be overlooked in favour of redecorating the living space or kitchen. To help you avoid this, Nic Shacklock at Online-Bedrooms.co.uk spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to share five of most common bedroom layout mistakes when redesigning a bedroom. The designer said: “The bedroom needs to be breathable and make you feel comfortable from the minute you step into the room. “It’s extremely important to go for the right layout in the bedroom, as simple decisions such as the positioning of the bed could be the deciding factor on whether the bedroom is aesthetically pleasing or not.” 1. Overfilling the space with clutter Overfilling the space may sound like an obvious one but many households often fall victim to this, whether it’s just around the bed or around the entire room. Nic said: “It’s vital not to overfill the space, the bedroom is commonly classed as the most personal space in the house, so it’s easy to get carried away by filling it with prized possessions. READ MORE: ‘Biggest’ garden mistakes to avoid ‘devaluing’ houses - ‘damages’ home “Don’t clutter the bedroom space with furniture either. Having all types of furniture in one space like a desk, bed, wardrobes, drawers and even bedside tables can become a handful to look at and can often make the room unbreathable and uncomfortable.” To “avoid” this, the designer advised picking between drawers and the wardrobe to cut down the amount of furniture. He added: “If you’re struggling for space, make use of the room under the bed and organise it with storage containers.” Clutter should also be kept off of the bed to ensure the room looks tidy and the bed is fit for purpose. DON'T MISS5 ‘essential’ garden plants that need to be pruned in winter - and how [EXPERT]‘Easy remedy’ to remove radiator sludge to save on 25% on heating bill [TIPS]Karen Brady’s quiet life in extremely wealthy and London district [INSIGHT] 2. Blocked walkway When people have a lot of furniture and belongings it’s tempting to cram it all in even if it blocks access to most of the room. Nic noted: “In terms of layout, there needs to be a clear walkway from the door to the bed. “If the pathway is blocked, it can immediately make the space feel busy.” This can then negatively impact your mood. 3. Wrong positioning of beds and desks Regardless of whether the room has a view out of the window or not, the expert recommended keeping the bed and desk at a particular angle to the window so it doesn’t block the natural light. READ MORE: ‘Absolute bedroom layout no-nos’ to ‘avoid’ - ‘essential’ item to add The designer advised: “If possible, beds should be positioned at a 90º angle to the window, so it doesn’t block the natural light from the window and allows it to shine throughout the room. “The same goes for positioning of the desks, the most advantageous place to put them is directly in front of the window to allow for the natural light which works well working from home on video calls. “However, an easy mistake is to let the desk block the window which is why you should only position the desk there if it doesn’t block the space.” 4. Low hanging lights Lighting for a bedroom should be soft, warm and layered, but certainly not low hanging, according to Nic. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea He said: “Lights shouldn’t be hanging too low from the ceiling in the bedroom as either spotlights or high-raised lampshades are the best options to make the room appear stylish.” 5. Rug size A rug is essential in most rooms. Not only can they add colour, pattern, and texture to a room, they help ground a layout too. However, a common mistake is that the rug under the bed is too small or doesn’t match with the room. Nic explained: “If chosen correctly, rugs are a great way to elevate the space. Try to pick a rug that compliments the size and colour palette of the room. “In terms of layout, place the rug under the first two legs of the bed frame as it can make the room feel larger upon entering.”