A spokesperson for Garden Buildings Direct said: “It’s vital for gardeners to look after their grass in the winter months, as the change in weather can create harmful conditions for the soil and lead to an unpleasant appearance. Maintenance is key to keeping your grass green in the colder months, and it is important to use simple methods if you want to achieve perfectly green grass. “We’ve found six useful ways for homeowners to revitalise their garden’s look and make their grass greener than ever.” One way gardeners can keep their grass green throughout the colder months is to feed it regularly, making sure to use a suitable feed. The gardening pros said applying feed will help to improve the overall quality of the lawn. They added: “During the colder season, you should increase the amount of fertiliser you use to help prevent any disease caused by the rougher weather.” READ MORE: Eight food scraps to use in the garden - can ‘deter’ pests Winter fertiliser can also help to protect the grass from severe weather conditions during the winter. The pros continued: “They say things come in threes and this rule applies when you’re mowing the grass. “It’s important to keep the grass at a sensible length between 1.5 to 2 inches, or 2.5 depending on how well your grass reacts to being mowed (go higher if it reacts negatively). “Cutting the grass down too far in winter can lead to bare patches in the garden and inconsistencies in colour.” DON'T MISS:Steps to prepare walls for priming to achieve a ‘professional’ finish [COMMENT]Four ‘clever’ methods to ‘boost’ your home’s value [EXPLAINER]Brilliant ‘homemade fox repellent’ to keep animals out of your garden [INSIGHT] Cutting down too much may also stunt growth, causing it not to recover in spring months. Weeds can grow all over the garden, and can appear on the lawn throughout the winter months. Not only can they affect the overall look of the garden, they can compete with the lawn for water and light, and so are best removed. The gardening experts said: “Digging out the weeds around the grass can help keep the fresh healthy and fresh. READ MORE: Kitchen pros share five ‘simple’ tips to save money on bills “If you’re using a spray to remove the weeds, make sure not to spray it on the grass as this can ruin its condition and it will stand out like a sore thumb in an otherwise green garden.” Coffee grounds can be used in the garden for a variety of different jobs, and according to the experts, “will make grass beam” in colour over the winter months. The pros added: “Sprinkling coffee grounds as a form of fertiliser releases hydrogen into the soil which provides useful nutrients for the soil. “Make sure to rake it in so the grounds go directly into the soil and try to limit the amount you use, as in some cases it can leave patches of brown in the grass.” The experts recommended overseeding the lawn which can help fill in any bare patches in the lawn, creating an “eye-catching” look. Overseeding can also help to thicken the consistency of the grass, and will help to improve the overall look of the garden. The gardening experts said increasing the amount of iron in the grass can help to boost the nutrients in it, as well as darken its colour. This is because it’ll help to improve the pH levels in the grass, helping to prevent any unpleasant colour changes.