Mike Pence is not ready to go toe-to-toe with Donald Trump in the campaign to become the Grand Old Party’s 2024 nominee, a former White House aide to the ex-Vice President has warned. Pence looks likely to challenge Trump in the upcoming Republican primary after he revealed he was “carefully considering” a run for the Oval Office.   Entering the race would mean Pence challenges his former boss after the 45th President officially announced his 2024 bid on November 15. However, a former Pence ally warned he is not ready to go up against Trump. The ex-aide, who suggested Indiana’s former Governor was waiting to see what might happen in ongoing investigations against Trump before launching his own bid, told Express.co.uk: “I think that will be one of Pence’s biggest challenges. “He may decide that he’s going to take the high road and maintain decorum but in the end he’s going to have to hit back at Trump, pointing out his flaws. “The challenge is figuring out how to push back on him while also touting the successes of the Trump-Pence administration since he was a part of it so that’s quite the conundrum for Pence.” JUST IN: Donald Trump allies urge ex-POTUS to 'get out of Mar-a-Lago' in 2024 warning The GOP veteran, who claimed Ron DeSantis is no different to MAGA Republicans, said "the only thing Pence can try to do is maintain his conservative bonafides and try to appeal to moderate Republicans", adding that he will struggle due to "pretty extreme" views on issues such as abortion rights. Seth Weathers, Trump’s 2016 state director in Georgia, also dismissed Pence’s chances against the 45th President. He told Express.co.uk: “Mike Pence is not a serious candidate. “He has no real support in the Republican primary base and Trump isn’t worried about Pence.” Despite concerns about Pence’s readiness for the looming battle with Trump, the ex-Vice President is currently making a hard play for social conservatives. READ MORE: Trump allies call 'b******t' as GOP rivals blame ex-POTUS for Speaker 'embarrassment' Pence appeared at First Baptist Church in Dallas alongside Trump’s ex-emissary on the Christian right Robert Jeffres, according to CNN. The 63-year-old is reportedly looking to reintroduce himself as a staunch ally to GOP voters who are concerned about issues such as abortion and religious liberty. However, Pence looks set to struggle to raise money to fund his potential White House campaign after a Republican fundraiser claimed donors were more receptive to handing cash to Trump’s leading Republican rival DeSantis. Noelle Nikpour told Express.co.uk: “My donors are holding out for DeSantis. “I don’t see anyone fired up about Pence but it’ll be interesting to see how he raises money.” DON'T MISS:Jean-Pierre on the spot as White House briefing descends into chaos [INSIGHT]Biden's aides discover second batch of classified Obama-era documents at new location [REVEALED]Jill Biden joined POTUS as she sets off for surgery to remove lesion on face [SPOTLIGHT] DeSantis, who won re-election as Florida’s Governor last November, is mulling over whether to enter the race. The Sunshine State’s allies have reportedly been looking at how to modify Florida’s laws to enable DeSantis to run in the GOP primary while remaining in office. Despite speculation about Pence’s White House ambitions, the former Vice President’s spokesman last month rejected reports which claimed he had already launched his campaign after a statement of candidacy attributed to ‘Mr Mike Richard Pence’ was submitted to the Federal Election Commission on Boxing Day. Pence, who served as Trump’s Vice President from 2017 to 2021, fell out with his former boss following the 2020 US Presidential Election and subsequent January 6 riots.   Trump’s rhetoric has been blamed for inspiring insurrectionists to storm the Capitol but Pence said he hoped the Justice Department would not bring criminal charges against the ex-POTUS. However, the pair have been unable to reconcile their differences, with Trump continuing to blame his former running-mate when peddling unfounded claims about the last election being rigged in favour of Joe Biden. A recent Morning Consult pre-primary opinion poll suggested Trump has maintained his lead against his Republican rivals. The survey found the ex-POTUS has 46 percent support, DeSantis trails in second with 33 percent and Pence languishes behind in a distant third place on nine percent.  