Arsenal new boy Leandro Trossard has been stung by former Brighton team-mate Adam Lallana, who insists that the Seagulls are coping just fine without him. Trossard left the club in controversial circumstances after a public row with manager Roberto De Zerbi, and he completed a £21million move to the Emirates on Friday. Many Gunners fans expected Mikel Arteta's hunt for wide reinforcements to lead them to Mykhaylo Mudryk, but the Ukrainian changed course at the last minute to join Chelsea. His lucrative £88million deal is thought to have bumped up prices all over Europe, but Arsenal transfer chief Edu still managed to find value elsewhere. Trossard's bust-up with De Zerbi made him a certainty to leave Brighton this month, and although Tottenham showed a tentative interest, Arsenal made the decisive move by wrapping up the deal in around 48 hours. Lallana is seemingly unfazed by the forward's exit, however, and cited the departures of Chelsea and Tottenham flops, Marc Cucurella and Yves Bissouma, as evidence that high-flying Brighton should have no problems kicking on. JUST IN: Tottenham hero admits surprise at signing that Conte 'does not want'  "You only need to look at the last three games without him, I think it’s been 5-1, 4-1 and 3-0," he told Sky Sports. "So as I said to you earlier, players can leave Brighton but we’ve got enough without them. We had enough without Bissouma, Cucurella, Ben White, Dan Burn, when Neal [Maupay] moved on. So if Leo moves on we’ll cope. We’re coping already." Trossard was reported to be the subject of a training ground bust-up with one of his Brighton team-mates before being cast out by De Zerbi for unprofessional behaviour. With the Seagulls holding out to receive a healthy fee for the Belgian, his agent Jost Comhair publicly called out the boss and asked that his client be let go. DON'T MISS...Man Utd can replicate Van Persie move as Ten Hag priority out of reachChelsea boss Potter explains Mudryk debut plan before Liverpool clashTottenham eye Trossard rebound as Paratici 'sets up Zaniolo meeting' "After the World Cup there was an altercation at training between Leandro and another player over an inanity," he said. "Since then, the trainer has not spoken to Leandro, which is obviously not conducive to the atmosphere, as well as performance-wise. Last Monday, the manager humiliated Leandro in [the] group and indicated that he no longer wanted to see him. A manager who has not communicated directly with his player for four weeks is really incomprehensible." Brighton are indeed flying without Trossard as they sit seventh in the Premier League table with two games in hand on those immediately ahead of them. Arsenal are going even better, occupying top spot with a game in hand, and Trossard has already spoken about his joy at joining the league leaders. "I’m really excited to get started," he told Arsenal's official website. "This is a big club and I’m ready to show the fans what I can do. Everyone has seen how well we’re doing already and I’m here to help achieve their dreams - including myself. I’m going to take it day by day, work hard and try to help the team to achieve their goals. "[I want to] get better as well. I know the manager is a great coach and I hope to be involved in doing great things and getting better as a player in every aspect. I’m really excited to see the fans in the stadium. I hope I can give you my all. I want to try and create as many magic moments as possible, and hopefully we can celebrate together."