Manchester United chiefs remain hopeful that a deal can be struck to renew Alejandro Garnacho's contract despite the 18-year-old having rejected their initial offer, according to reports. Garnacho has emerged as one of United's brightest young talents over the last few months and has managed to force his way into the first-team setup by making the most of his chances to impress under Erik ten Hag this season. The Argentine forward has chipped in with a goal and two assists in the Premier League since the beginning of the campaign but is only tied down until the summer of 2024 as things stand, which opens up the possibility of an exit in the not-too-distant future. United recently kicked off talks with Garnacho regarding a contract extension but were reportedly knocked back with their first offer that was said to include a salary of around £20,000 per week.Garnacho's decision to reject United has led to speculation that he could leave Old Trafford at some point soon, with the likes of Real Madrid and Juventus thought to be among the clubs keeping a close eye on his situation. However, the Red Devils are still confident that a compromise can be reached with Garnacho and his representatives to keep him at the club on a long-term basis, according to Jamie Jackson.It is said that discussions so far have been largely positive, with United eager for Garnacho to carry on the way he is developing with them for at least the next few years. Those in power remain hopeful that he will end up signing a new deal in order to ward off the interest in his services from elsewhere by committing his future to United, which suggests that an improved offer could soon be on the horizon. JUST IN: Liverpool star Mo Salah's 'meeting with Nasser Al-Khelaifi' explained Garnacho higlighted his importance to United's top-four hopes by helping the Red Devils to beat Manchester City over the weekend with a stunning cameo from the bench in the second half at Old Trafford. He caused no shortage of problems for Pep Guardiola's side with his tricky running and managed to set up Marcus Rashford for United's third goal of the game with a delightful low cross that found the feet of the England international.Paul Scholes was particularly impressed with Garnacho's performance and indicated that he would like to see the teenage forward sign a new deal by insisting that he was better than Antony against City and still has plenty of room for improvement over the coming months. "I think he’s been good every time I’ve seen him this season and I think he’s been a real threat," Scholes told BT Sport. "I thought he probably should have come on before Antony, although Antony does have his strengths, don’t get me wrong, but this lad is direct."He doesn’t care, there’s no fear in a young player. He wants to score goals and he wants to make goals and he’s more than capable of doing it. You see against [Nathan] Ake, you fancy him."His first ball wasn’t great. He got away with that one a little bit. And then all he does is, he puts it into an area and thankfully Marcus is there. And the form Marcus is on, you expect him to score and he slides it in." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.