In a period of rocketing living costs, many Britons have been turning to credit cards to help ease the increasing financial pressure as disposable income dwindles. In fact, according to research by credit app TotallyMoney, up to 51 percent of UK customers are paying off credit card interest every month. However, there is a way to make a saving on this interest, and experts at TotallyMoney explain how. With the number of credit cards bearing interest growing by 11 percent year on year, Alastair Douglas, CEO of TotallyMoney commented: “If you’re paying interest on a monthly balance, do the calculations and see if you could save money with a balance transfer. “They’re a great way to cut the cost of borrowing — meaning you can focus on repaying your debt quicker, saving, or using the extra money to cover other bills and expenses.” With a zero percent balance transfer credit card, customers stop paying interest for a set period of time - potentially up to 33 months, depending on the card. These cards typically carry a fee of two to four percent of the amount being transferred. Experts at TotallyMoney said: “For the average interest-bearing balance of £2,532, customers could save £1,266 by transferring to the market-leading zero percent card, providing extra breathing space by reducing the total amount of money the customer pays the lender.”  READ MORE: ‘Simple’ train ticket loophole to save hundreds on rising fares  Mr Douglas explained: “Always check your eligibility before applying, and look for products with guaranteed offers. That way you’ll know your chances of acceptance, and what you’ll receive if accepted. These features help remove the guesswork and put you in greater control of your finances. "It’s free to check your credit report — so make sure you do. You’ll be able to see the information lenders use and an up-to-date file will help them make more accurate decisions.” Economic uncertainty has led to greater caution in the market and banks are being extra careful with their lending. When looking for credit options, TotallyMoney experts suggest customers shop around for the best deal to suit their own personal needs. The aforementioned eligibility checker can give people an idea of how likely they are to be accepted through a ‘soft search’, which doesn’t negatively impact the person’s credit file.  DON'T MISS: Three in five Brits worry they won't have enough money for the year [ANALYSIS]‘Easy’ tasks to boost boiler efficiency to ‘save money’ on energy bill [EXPLAINED]Martin Lewis warns of eye-watering price hikes for broadband users [INSIGHT]    This means people can compare different products while avoiding rejection and facing a drop in their credit score. TotallyMoney experts said: “Regulators require lenders to only provide 51 percent of successful applicants with the advertised deal. By looking for products with guaranteed offers, customers can apply with confidence, knowing exactly what they'll get if accepted. “Those with poor eligibility should check their credit report to see where they’re going wrong and to find out how they can improve their borrowing power. This can be done for free — and if you spot something which looks incorrect, you can raise a dispute.”  READ MORE: UK pensioners much worse off than European counterparts  By improving eligibility chances, people can unlock more competitive offers and better rates. Experts at TotallyMoney have provided five top tips for people to boost eligibility. Check the report Firstly, they suggest people check their credit reports. It’s free to do and they can make sure that all the information available to lenders is correct and up to date. Get on the electoral register Registering on the electoral roll is one of the easiest ways people can make a difference to their credit score. The electoral roll is a list of the names and addresses of people registered to vote in public elections in the UK and Northern Ireland. Experts at TotallyMoney stated: “Having your name on the electoral register can help lenders check your address and identity. Plus, if you've been at the same address for a while it can make you appear to be more settled and stable.” Satisfy CCJs Having a County Court Judgement (CCJ) can significantly and adversely impact a person’s credit score, so those who are able to satisfy it should do so. TotallyMoney experts said: “Lenders will generally look more favourably on a CCJ which has been paid than one which is outstanding.”  Manage payments To boost eligibility, it’s important for people to show that they’re able to manage credit accounts. This means never missing payments, and if possible, paying back more than the minimum. Credit utilisation TotallyMoney experts suggest trying to use less than 25 percent of available credit across each account. They explained: “This can indicate to lenders that you’re not too reliant on it and that you are in control of your finances.” 