On Outlander, Sam Heughan and Graham McTavish are best known as Scottish heroes Jamie Fraser and Dougal Mackenzie. During their time on the hit Starz series, the actors have also become close friends and collaborators, and the pair recently took to Instagram to confirm another exciting new project is currently in the works. Heughan and McTavish have reunited in a cryptic new video teasing their next collaboration. The Jamie star captioned the post: “We are back together!!! I’m not sure why. “Or what we are announcing. But it’s coming soon! …ish.” The actors were just as elusive in the video itself and gave no more details about what the project could entail. READ MORE: Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show “Yes, well we’re back together,” Heughan said. “This is real, this is not a nightmare.” “It’s not Photoshopped, we’re actually together,” McTavish joked, to which Heughan replied: “No, it’s real, I can actually touch you.” “I bet you can’t guess what we’re up to,” Heughan continued. McTavish asked: “What are we up to?” And his co-star confirmed: “No idea, but it’s coming soon.” They both added the project would be released “soon-ish”, so fans should expect to see more announcements over the coming weeks. In the comments, many of Heughan’s 3.9 million followers were convinced the announcement had something to do with the second season of Men In Kilts. @amybud24 replied: “Hopefully together to announce a release date for MIK 2!” @cassmorann commented: “Do we get a release date for Men in Kilts S2? And I'm sure whatever you two have cooking will be amazing!” DON'T MISS:Fire Country fans ‘work out’ identity of mystery arsonist [THEORY]Bridgerton’s Phoebe Dynevor hints Daphne ‘missing’ in season 3 [LATEST]Extraordinary team ‘livid’ after nude scene mishap [EXCLUSIVE] @outlander_portugal exclaimed: “Yeahh!! Men in kilts. Can't wait! We are in need of a good laugh and fumble.” “I’ve learned so much about Sam’s country and looking forward to learning about Graham’s New Zealand!” @gina.schwieger said. “I don’t care what you’re doing together, just let us watch and listen in!” @donttriponwhatsbehindyou wrote. “Love your bromance.” And @nadinchen_1206 added: “Men in Kilts 2, maybe a new book? Can’t wait!! Have a great weekend guys!” (sic) The second season of the popular travel show will follow the Outlander co-stars across New Zealand, where McTavish has lived since 2011. An official release date for the follow-up is still to be announced, but Starz has confirmed the series will return at some point in 2023. As the first season was accompanied by a companion book, Clanlands: Whisky, Warfare, and a Scottish Adventure Like No Other, fans could expect the same for season two. Heughan also tagged Octopus Books and Radar Books, the publishers behind his new memoir Waypoints, in his post, so viewers may be able to read about their latest travels soon. Both stars will also be returning in Outlander’s upcoming seventh season, which will return Jamie and Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) to screens in just a few months. Outlander season 7 premieres summer of 2023 on Starz in the USA and Lionsgate+ via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.