Arsenal signing Jorginho could be a masterstroke by Mikel Arteta, according to Paul Merson. The former Gunners forward has watched the Italian midfielder closely in recent years as he is a passionate Chelsea fan. Arsenal are set to sign Jorginho on deadline day after failing in their pursuit of Brighton's Moises Caicedo. He will be reported to cost the Premier League leaders an initial £10million and will put pen to paper on an 18-month deal with the option of another year. Jorginho has been undergoing his medical today ahead of completing a switch across London. The pursuit has been hit with a mixed reaction from supporters on social media. Many Arsenal fans have been left underwhelmed and disappointed by the shock deal. But Merson can only see it being a positive signing. Transfer deadline day LIVE: Arsenal agree Jorginho deal as Man Utd offered Atletico ace  The pundit claims Jorginho will only add to the winning mentality that Arteta has brought to the club in the likes of Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko. He also reckons he is the perfect player for what Arteta wants from his holding midfielder. Merson told Sky Sports: "I think outstanding. You are buying experience as well. He’s won big trophies. He is a proper holding-midfield player. "We were only talking about, two years ago when they won the Champions League and he won the Euros, we were saying ‘why don’t England produce one of these players?’. Two years on and Arsenal could be getting him. "I know he’s two years older, but he’s so intelligent. He’ll protect the back four and he just keeps it simple. He will be feeding Odegaard. He will be feeding Saka and Martinelli. DON'T MISSLeeds rocked by Zaniolo twist with Roma ready to approve transferMan Utd could sign three players by 11pm with Ten Hag open to transfersChelsea make decision on letting Gallagher seal Man Utd or Newcastle loan  "For me, he is a top signing. He knows he won’t be playing every week. But he will bring experience and calmness. I call [the price] a cup of tea." Jorginho joined Chelsea from Napoli in 2018 and has made over 200 appearances for the Blues. He is likely to come in as back-up to Thomas Partey, who has been hugely influential in the Gunners' form this season. However, a serious knee injury suffered by Mohamed Elneny has seen Arteta go into the market for further reinforcement. Jorginho may not have been the first choice for Arsenal or their supporters, but, if Merson is proven right, it could be looked back on as a smart piece of business.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here