Koko Hayashi is a face yoga expert who has worked with world-famous clients including Kim Kardashian. She has a huge 570K followers on her TikTok account @kokofaceyoga. The entrepreneur and "she-eo" also appeared on a US version of Dragon's Den, Shark Tank, to pitch her ideas to the "Sharks". Koko, who was seeking $200,000 for a 20 percent stake in her face yoga programme, valued at $1million, received no offers from the Sharks. However, Koko has gone on achieve huge success regardless. The expert, who has been teaching face yoga for over a decade, has over 20M views on her YouTube Channel. She has appeared on Good Morning America, Fox News, and CBS since her Shark Tank appearance. She also shares her amazing techniques with her social media followers. The face yoga expert was asked for exercises to help reduce a double chin by a fan on her TikTok account. READ MORE: Jennifer Lopez's 4 anti-ageing techniques detailed by dermatologist Koko demonstrated a simple exercise to help reduce the appearance of a double chin. She advised stretching the neck and jaw area to help tone up a double chin. She demonstrated fans should look up towards the ceiling to stretch their neck, and then point their tongue up at the ceiling. She said: "If you are concerned about a double chin, big stretch on the neck, and then pointy tongue to try to touch the ceiling. "But don't create tension in your neck. Then close your eyes to relax your forehead for 10 seconds and then slowly come back." "Don't do it if you have neck pain though," the face yoga expert added. One grateful fan wrote: "Yes, thank you. I have been trying to get a jawline." DON'T MISSDaily exercise for a sculpted and defined chin [BEAUTY] Face yoga massage to reduce eye wrinkles and de-puff skin [ROUTINE] One minute exercise to get rid of double chin [HOW TO] There are a number of potential causes for a double chin, which is also known as submental fat - a layer of fat forming below the chin. It can be caused by weight gain, but not always. It may also be caused by genetics, or ageing, when skin becomes looser under the chin. Weight loss can help to reduce a double chin, as can various exercises, like the one demonstrated by Koko. Besides these natural options, there are some treatments available, including lipolysis and mesotherapy. The former involves using liposuction or a laser to melt away the fat in the area. Mesotherapy, on the other hand, involves injections that dissolve the fat in the area. Both of these treatments involve potential side effects and should be administered by a trained professional. 