Manchester United duo Bruno Fernandes and Antony were caught in a furious exchange during the encounter with Crystal Palace with home fans jeering both players. The pair were at each other's throats after the Brazilian had lost the ball before making up around a minute later. Antony had returned to the United starting lineup for the first time in the Premier League since the 1-0 win over Wolves on New Year's Eve. However, he was not making himself popular at spells during the first half falling out with his captain Fernandes. The winger had misplaced a pass as he tried to play the Portugal international down the line on the right-hand side. However, the pass did not come quickly enough with the midfielder forced to backtrack with the ball trundling behind him instead. The 28-year-old made his opinion clear as he told his teammate what he felt about his pass. Yet Antony was determined to stand up for himself leading to an on-field argument ensuing between the two. The exchange continued for the best part of a minute before the two reconciled via a thumbs-up exchange.  The argument does not appear to have affected Fernandes performance after the Portuguese opened the scoring for his side with an excellent controlled finish following a Christian Eriksen cut-back. The goal was synonymous of the improvement United have shown in recent matches, with Erik ten Hag transforming his side across the World Cup break. Sky Sports pundit Jamie Redknapp was full of praise for the Red Devils ahead of the match as he discussed the clubs recent form. "What a transformation," the former Liverpool midfielder said. "I remember being at the Brentford game earlier in the season and I thought there is no way that they would be in this position and talking about a title race. DON'T MISSArsenal allowing player to leave hints at first January signing for ArtetaMan Utd boss Ten Hag confirms fresh injury blow and Weghorst debut planMudryk could sting Arsenal twice as Edu set to pay price for transfer failure "That’s credit to the manager, he has changed the culture at the club and it’s a place where now everyone is pulling together because it was so fragmented before. Now they are flying, he has made some changes and you can that it is his team with the signings that they are bringing in." Antony and Fernandes are likely to play important roles as the season progresses with United hoping to make a push for the title in the second half of the season. 