Although The Handmaid’s Tale met its cliffhanger ending in November, fans continue to expose plot holes and blunders spotted within the dystopian series. This includes a major error which saw the return of Serena Joy’s previously amputated finger.  The Handmaid’s Tale is a dystopian series which followed the life of June Osborne (played by Elisabeth Moss) as the world around her dramatically changed. The Republic of Gilead had overthrown the United States government and forcibly subjected women to follow the rules of its totalitarian society. Although Serena Joy and her husband, Commander Fred Waterford (Joseph Fiennes) helped establish the state, there was a significant contrast in treatment because she was a woman. While Fred was highly respected and Serena appointed a Wife, she including the handmaids was not allowed to read. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s memoir torn apart as he ignores racism claims A fundamental rule in Gilead forbade women and children from reading and writing to avoid rebellion. The state believed if they could communicate in a secretive way, they would be able to challenge authority and cause chaos. Even though Serena had written books supporting Gilead before they went into power she too faced brutal punishment. This was seen during season two after she rebelled and read a Bible verse out loud, as a result, the top of Serena’s pinky finger was amputated. Despite this, viewers were quick to notice the return of her finger during season four. Taking to The Handmaid’s Tale fan page, a Redditor Greedy_Dark_2192 posted two comparison photos of Serena’s hand. In the comments, user MammaMako complained: “Her finger always annoys me because it's so obvious sometimes that it's just a glove over her actual finger. It bends sometimes.” Another fan, Cute_Let2033 added: “Nice catch. The second pic definitely has her full pinky, you can see both knuckles!” DON'T MISS...Megha ‘mauls’ Suits co-star in scene Prince Harry regrets watching [INSIGHT]The Handmaid’s Tale fans ‘seal’ Nick’s downfall [THEORY]The Handmaid's Tale: Stream all season 5 episodes for FREE [INSIGHT] Ehmsoleil praised the original poster and commented: ”Good catch!” A fourth fan ci___1 simply added: “Good eye!” Serena decided to read out loud following Eden Blaine’s (Sydney Sweeney) death and to protest for a better life for her daughter Nichole. After witnessing Eden killed in a public execution, Serena was horrified and worried for her daughter’s future in Gilead. Her finger being chopped off served as a reminder that despite her status, she too was a woman living in a patriarchal society and was put back in her place.  Despite using her power to abuse her handmaid June, season five saw a different side of Serena when she too was escaping Gilead. After Fred’s death, she noticed they were turning her into a handmaid and ran away with her newborn son. However, the show met its jaw-dropping finale with June and Serena reunited on a train to safety. With both women fleeing Gilead and back in each other’s lives, fans will have to stay tuned to see what the sixth and final season will entail.  The Handmaid’s Tale seasons 1-5 are available on Hulu in the US and available on All 4 in the UK. 