Ironically, as the clock hit 5.01pm, I pulled up outside a Shell Petrol Station. It had all its lights on. No chance of these billionaire energy providers practicing what they preach then. As I pulled away from the traffic lights I couldn’t help wondering if I was traveling back in time to the 1970s. It is a disgrace that we find ourselves in this position where energy is now effectively being rationed.And, make no mistake, the lives of hard-working families are being decimated as a result.Last year, during a trip back home to Belfast, I visited some friends who had seen the price of the oil heating they need to warm their home rise by well over 100 percent.“It’s freezing in here,” I pointed out before quickly realising my friends had little choice but to shiver long into the night and put a coat on as they watched TV.I’d love to sit those greedy energy bosses down in that lounge with my friends, so they can see what life is really like for ordinary, hard-working folk at the moment. This isn’t about home-comforts: it’s about decency. And thousands of elderly people will die, freezing, at home this Winter.When will big industry finally find its moral conscience? When might they ever say, ‘You know what guys, we’ve got more than enough here. Have some of what’s on our table’?”I won’t hold my breath. Another thing is for certain too and that's the fact even when this terrible war in Ukraine is long over, and the supply of gas is no longer such an issue, prices will remain high.I’m convinced rip-off energy bills are here to stay. But things just can’t be allowed to carry on like this. If the current energy crisis tells us anything it is that politicians can no longer be trusted in this area. We need to take the power out of their hands to have any hope of bringing light and hope to future generations.It's frankly astonishing that it has taken the National Grid all this time to finally concede that it will either need to voluntarily induce customers to cut off that demand or have some form of regular blackouts to balance supply and demand.It’s a shameful testament to the fact that successive governments for 15 years have ignored the need to underpin new investments in energy security. We need to take the politics out of the energy right now. I'd scrap OFGEM and create an independent strategic authority to balance both gas and electricity markets, setting long-term targets that stretch 20 or 30 years ahead. It's the only way out of this mess.If the country leaves its energy future entirely in the hands of the market and populist politicians - it will pay a heavy, heavy price.