Most families will have nicknames or pet names that they use for certain members, whether those are for a grandparent, parents, or even for a younger sibling. The Royal Family is no different to any other in this regard, and one of the cutest nicknames in the family belongs to Prince Louis. Prince Louis, four, reportedly has an adorable name that his older siblings George, nine, and Charlotte, seven, call him.  Friends of George at school have taken to calling the prince both "PG" and "Tips", based on the popular tea brand PG Tips and his initials for Prince George. The name has been such a hit that William and Kate have both reportedly adopted the nickname for him at home too. READ MORE: Kate and William's new home is 'such a downsize' compared to Frogmore  Charlotte meanwhile came to be known as Lottie by her classmates at St Thomas' School Battersea, this is also what her mum Kate calls her at home. Since Prince Harry and Meghan Markle named their daughter Lilibet after the Queen, it's become common knowledge that this is the monarch's family nickname.  Princes William and Harry both had nicknames when they were younger too. The Prince of Wales said in a 2007 interview with NBC that his mother Princess Diana used to call him "Wombat".   He said: "It began when I was two. I've been rightfully told because I can't remember back that far. "But when we went to Australia with our parents, and the wombat, you know, that's the local animal. “So I just basically got called that. Not because I look like a wombat, or maybe I do." Prince Harry's nickname from his mother came from an outburst he once had as a child. READ MORE: Kate's carol concert trailer shows 'professional' body language   Broadcaster Jeremy Paxman explained why in a conversation he had with Diana. He said: "We talked about our children and she said William often told her that he didn’t really want to be King, and then Harry would say, ‘If you don’t want the job I’ll have it'."  Rugby star Mike Tindall also has a cute nickname for his wife Zara, the daughter of Princess Anne.  The former England rugby star was interviewed in 2019 on the Rugby Joe podcast, with podcast host Alex Payne first asking him if "he would rather marry a royal or win the World Cup". Mike jokingly replied: "Well I’ve done both technically." He then continued: "Well hang on, will it be my wife that I’m marrying?" Alex cleared up the question, saying: "Yeah would you rather marry Zoey or win the World Cup?"  Mike then responded: "Could we take Zoey out of it? Cause obviously if it’s my wife I would marry my wife." This was the first time that Mike has addressed his wife as "Zoey" rather than Zara.