Chelsea have looked to Brighton for inspiration since Todd Boehly has taken the reigns of the club, though Manchester United could benefit from a trip to the south coast. Seagulls stars Robert Sanchez and Alexis Mac Allister would be significant signings for the Red Devils and could take them one step closer to being considered title contenders. United have improved markedly under Erik ten Hag so far this season, with the Dutchman ridding the squad of stars that are surplus to requirements and bringing in his own signings. Lisandro Martinez, Casemiro and Christian Eriksen have all thrived at Old Trafford, and their arrivals have lifted the overall standard of football at the club. Marcus Rashford, Luke Shaw and Anthony Martial have thrived in the Premier League and returned to their best. But despite the impressive revival of United, Ten Hag will be well aware that he needs another injection of quality for his side to be capable of mounting a title charge. Brighton have excelled so far this season, particularly under Roberto De Zerbi, and have a live chance of making history with a European finish. Though the Seagulls could find their pockets pinched of important players before the transfer window closes, with Sanchez and Mac Allister capturing the attention of several top sides.  United are desperate to find a long-term successor for David de Gea, who is yet to pen a new contract at the Theatre of Dreams. The Spaniard’s current deal expires at the end of the season and the Red Devils are reportedly reluctant to activate the one-year extension clause in the deal as they would rather him accept a wage cut. De Gea’s general ability has also come under fire of late, with his style of goalkeeping not particularly suiting Ten Hag’s desire to play out from the back. Therefore a move for Sanchez, valued at £28m by Transfermarkt, could be a better-suited piece of business than re-negotiating with De Gea given that the 25-year-old is thriving in a system that relies on him fuelling attacks from deep. Ten Hag’s system relies on passing as well as creativity in the centre of the park, which could prompt the former Ajax boss to pursue World Cup hero Mac Allister. The Argentina international, valued at £36m by Transfermarkt, has thrived in the centre of the park at the Amex Stadium and his versatility would provide cover in several positions - with aging duo Eriksen and Casemiro needing to be rotated. The midfielder spoke earlier this month about how he is not looking to leave Brighton, though United are unlikely to be deterred by that if interested. However, they will have to pay significant fees for both aforementioned stars given that they are not keen to offload any stars this month and want to retain the core of their squad to push for the Europa League places.