Arsenal are reportedly worried about making the same mistake with Mykhaylo Mudryk as they did with Nicolas Pepe, in their pursuit of the Shakhtar Donetsk winger. The Gunners are said to have made two offers for the 22-year-old that have been rejected, while Chelsea are waiting in the wings to hijack a potential move. Mikel Arteta’s outfit have reportedly made offers of £53million and £63m, which were both rejected by the Ukrainian club. Shakhtar have publicly stated that they are looking for a fee that could even reach £100m, as they have used the deals taking Jack Grealish and Antony to Manchester City and United respectively as benchmarks. Arsenal may have to break their transfer record to sign Mudryk, having paid £72m to bring Pepe to the Emirates in 2019. The Telegraph have claimed that the Gunners are wary of overspending on any transfer targets, having done so in the past with the Ivorian winger. Sporting director Edu has been prepared to walk away from such expensive deals, having backed out of a plan to sign a striker a year ago when Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was ousted by the Spanish boss. They are willing to enter the January market and bolster Arteta’s attacking options as they look to beat Manchester City to the Premier League title, but will only do so if they see value in any potential transfer.  This could mean that should Shakhtar fail to drop their valuation of Mudryk, he may not end up in north London this month if the club want to avoid another Pepe repeat, as the winger is spending the current season on loan at Nice. The Ukrainian side will be hoping that Arsenal and Chelsea go toe-to-toe for Mudryk and start a bidding war, as Blues co-owner and acting sporting director Todd Boehly has not been afraid to splash the cash since arriving at Stamford Bridge. DON'T MISSMan Utd ‘schedule medical’ for first signing as Ten Hag lands his manTottenham may have found their next Dele Alli in 'clever' star Conte lovesRonaldo and Georgina Rodriguez to break Saudi Arabian law as lawyers speak out Chelsea spent over £250m in the summer as Boehly’s first window in charge, and have backed it up by bringing Benoit Badiashile and David Datro Fofana to the club already in January, while attempting to seal a potential £103m deal for Benfica’s Enzo Fernandez, and agreeing for Christopher Nkunku to join in 2023. The report claims that Chelsea may have solidified their interest in Mudryk after injuries to Christian Pulisic and Raheem Sterling in the Blues’ 1-0 defeat to Manchester City on Thursday, where Shakhtar chief Darijo Srna was in attendance. Arsenal are still hopeful a deal can be concluded to sign Mudryk, who has publicly stated his desire to move to the Emirates. He recently posted a video showcasing his skills, in which he played a Drake and 21 Savage song ‘Circo Loco’ that included the lyric ‘Still gotta see the Gunners win the Premier League’, having previously posted himself on social media during Arsenal’s 4-2 win over Brighton, watching the game as Eddie Nketiah scored the third goal.