WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Death in Paradise.At the end of Death in Paradise season 11, Commissioner Selwyn Patterson (played by Don Warrington) came across his ex-wife journalist Maggie Harper (Orla Brady) during an investigation. The former couple hit it off again but she quickly shied away, leaving the Commissioner very confused. Before Maggie left, he queried what she was thinking, asking for the truth and she finally told him everything. When the Commissioner confronted Maggie, he bluntly said: "I need to understand what's going on. "One moment we are as close as we ever were, the next you are lying to my officers behind my back. Please, I deserve the truth." She then pulled out a photograph of her adult daughter Andrina, stating that she was his and was worried he would hate her for not telling him years ago. His daughter has not been seen since but he has been thinking about his life in new episodes. READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row In season 12, episode four, Catherine Bordey (Elizabeth Bourgine) used the opportunity of the rest of the team investigating a case in Saint Barnabas to tell him some news. She said: "I had a booking come in, in the name of Andrina Harper. So you already know she's coming in four weeks time." The Commissioner leant over the terrace's railings, telling Catherine: "She wrote me another letter, it arrived a few days ago. "She feels, whether I decide to meet with her or not, she wants to come to the island. She has roots here and she wants to learn more about them."  Catherine looked at Selwyn concerned, asking if he will meet her, to which he reluctantly replied: "She's travelling over 5,000 miles to come here, I can hardly say no, can I?" At the end of the episode, fans are given a teaser for what's to come in episode five. It seems that Andrina will make her first appearance in the upcoming instalment, with Catherine seen trying to make Selwyn relax. She tells the Commissioner: "It's OK to be nervous Selwyn, she'll be nervous too." DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle 'converted' Prince Harry to 'new religion of woke' [ROYAL]Death in Paradise’s Naomi star left ‘very exhausted’ over episode 4 [CAST]Death In Paradise's Ralf Little's ‘awful' moment Judi Dench witnessed [EXPLAINER] Despite some fans thinking he would be over the moon to meet his long-lost daughter, Selwyn seems to be avoiding her altogether. A clip is shown of Andrina ringing her dad with him rejecting her call. The Commissioner and Andrina are then seen walking on the beach together with her telling him: "You have a daughter. You either want to get to know her or you don't." But in response, he tells her: "It's not as simple as that." Does this mean the Commissioner wants nothing to do with his daughter after all or is he just nervous at the prospect of fatherhood? Andrina is going to be portrayed by actress Genesis Lynea, who famously played Simon in the BBC drama Silent Witness. Sadly, her character left the show at the end of season 25 to start a new life abroad. Death in Paradise season 12 continues every Friday at 9pm on BBC One.