Wout Weghorst insisted he will hit the ground running with Manchester United after completing his loan move from Burnley via Besiktas on Friday night. The Netherlands international, who was on a short-term deal with the Turkish club, has joined Erik ten Hag’s side until the end of the season. The deal was not completed in time for him to feature in today’s derby at Old Trafford, but the Netherlands international maintained he is more than ready to play his part in United’s push for silverware. “I feel privileged to be joining Manchester United. I’ve played against the club in the past and it’s a fantastic feeling to now have the chance to pull on the famous red shirt,” he said. “I’ve seen United’s progress under Erik ten Hag this season and can’t wait to start playing my part in pushing the team towards its aims. “Whatever happens in the next few months, I can promise to give everything to the club for as long as I am here. I am looking forward to meeting my new teammates and getting involved straight away.” MUST READ: Arsenal miss Mykhaylo Mudryk deadline as Man Utd become next target Weghorst, who had an underwhelming spell with the Clarets in their relegation season last campaign has been in good form with Besiktas. He cost United £2.6million to prise him away from Turkey. Burnley are paying £2.5m to Besiktas with Manchester United covering his full wages for the remainder of the season. The Premier League outfit have no option to buy at the end of the season. DON'T MISS...Chelsea still have four-man shortlist this month including two wingersArsenal fans slam FA and worry about Tottenham after Zinchenko warningChelsea in crisis - Boehly's Potter sack chats, trio under fire, more United are convinced they have a good deal for a player who has scored five goals for the Netherlands including two against Argentina in the World Cup quarter-final. John Murtough, Manchester United Football Director, said: “Wout has a consistent goalscoring record across several European leagues, and his attributes will add a further dimension to our squad for the remainder of the season. “We were also attracted by his strong personality and dedicated approach to football, which fits perfectly with the spirit that Erik is building within our squad. He has shown a huge desire to join Manchester United and be part of what we’re striving to achieve this season.”