The German-made tanks make up the defence fleet of a number of European nations, including Poland and Finland. However, part of the agreement with purchasers, Germany holds the export license and therefore must agree to any transfer of the tanks. UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace has revealed that an unknown country, most likely Poland, has requested permission from Berlin. Poland have been a big force in helping Ukrainians by taking in the biggest number of refugees and urging increased support. Mr Wallace spoke with 10 other Ukrainian allies while at a military base in Estonia. The Defence Secretary told Sky News: “My understanding is a formal request from a country has gone in today – I don’t know any further details about who or what – and obviously that’s the process that needs to be worked through.” On Monday, President Zelensky thanked the British Government for its “powerful contribution” to Ukrainian forces following a pledge to send 14 Challenger 2 tanks. The announcement made Britain the first country to promise Western-produced main battle tanks to the country. Zelensky tweeted: “Tanks, APCs and artillery are exactly what Ukraine needs to restore its territorial integrity. “Thank you @RishiSunak, thank you @BWallaceMP, thank you British people for this powerful contribution to our common victory over tyranny.” READ MORE: Putin crisis as oil and gas revenues PLUMMET – sanctions paying off Despite urging Germany to deploy its modern tanks, which are considered some of the world’s most lethal, the United States has held off from supplying Ukraine its M1 Abrams tanks, due to concerns about maintaining them. Olaf Scholz is set to find himself and his government under more pressure on Friday as it is expected that more nations will announce their desire to send the German tanks to Ukraine. Western defence officials, including US Secretary of Defence Lloyd Austin and Mr Wallace will gather at the Ramstein Air Base in Germany on Friday to discuss military aid packages for Ukraine. Lithuanian Defence Minister Arvydas Anusauskas spoke to Reuters following the meeting in Estonia and noted that a number of nations will announce their intentions to send Leopard tanks on Friday. DON'T MISS:Strike fatigue fuels Conservative comeback against Labour in poll (INSIGHT)US voters grow in favour of stripping Sussex's titles, new poll shows (POLL)Kate shrugs off poll nightmare as she steps out for rugby event  (REVEAL) He said: “Some of the countries will definitely send Leopard tanks to Ukraine, that is for sure.” Mr Wallace has doubled down on his support for Ukraine, telling President Putin “we are not going anywhere Mr Putin” as he announced 600 more Brimstone missiles for Ukraine. He told Sky News: “I want as many tanks to support the Ukrainian effort for 2023. “There is no secret about that…if we are to get a message to the Kremlin that we are not giving up, that we are doubling down, tanks are part of that.” He added: “We are here for the long hail. We are standing by Ukraine.”