Erik ten Hag has demanded all his Manchester United players live up to his strict rules following Marcus Rashford's punishment. Ten Hag insists no player will be given special treatment. Rashford was left out of the United starting XI for Saturday's 1-0 win at Wolves. The England star has been the Red Devils' best player either side of the World Cup but was given a slap on the wrist for turning up late to a team meeting. The 25-year-old came off the bench at half-time to score the winner for Ten Hag's side. The United boss insisted the matter had been resolved after Rashford showed the perfect response. But the Dutchman has now laid down the law to the rest of his squad. He insists all players must abide by his standards, no matter their importance in the squad. READ MORE: Klopp issued £200m Liverpool action plan after Brentford loss  Ten Hag said: "You have to set values and standards. All the players have to match that. "No-one is more important for a team than another. Everyone has to play his role. "Of course, I value individuals and in my approach to line up the team I will also bring them in circumstances – especially the goal makers – that we put them in the right positions so they can perform to their potential. "But finally it’s about a team sport, and if you want to win everyone has to match certain standards." DON'T MISSGary Speed's widow Louise suffers more heartbreak as husband dies from cancerNewcastle may have pulled off masterstroke as Maddison swap opens upWhat Man Utd chiefs think about Ten Hag after Rashford punishment  Rashford owned up to his mistake after the win at Molineux. He told BT Sport: "I was a little bit late to a meeting. I slept in, I overslept. It's the team rules. It's a mistake that can happen. Obviously disappointed not to play but I understand the decision." United have won all three matches they have played since the resumption, without conceding a goal. Ten Hag seems to have got his team on the right track, as they sit just two points behind third-placed Newcastle with a game in hand. Luke Shaw backed Ten Hag's decision to drop Rashford, insisting that has to be the way at a club like United. Shaw said: "I think at a top club it has to be like that, people can’t do whatever they want. "Maybe that’s been part of the problem in the past with people getting away with silly little things but the manager takes that into consideration. You see today, if you’re not keeping the standards high then you won’t play." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 