Only Fools And Horses actor Patrick Murray had thought he was completely cancer-free after receiving treatment for a tumour in his lung. However, he has now received the heartbreaking news that the life-threatening disease is back. He took to Twitter today to reveal to his fans: "I am going home today. "Minus half a liver and a tumour that the wonderful Prof Heaton removed last week." The actor added: "I kept this under my hat that they'd discovered another primary cancer last year. "I am a two person, that's for sure. High fives to all at Kings College Hospital." READ NOW: Denise Welch named ‘abusive bully’ by Piers Morgan's son in Meghan row Patrick, who played Mickey Pearce in Only Fools And Horses, revealed his lung cancer in October 2021, and during treatment, a second tumour was found in his liver. The 65-year-old had an operation to remove it, followed by chemotherapy. After doctors discovered a secondary tumour in his liver, it required treatment to reduce blood supply to the area. It was hoped that this would shrink it, although he has since revealed he had part of his liver removed.  Last year, he revealed: "My oncologist told me the lung cancer was cured and the tumour in my liver was shrinking." The actor, who revealed that the liver tumour was "unconnected" to his previous lung cancer, said he'd been advised it was treatable and elaborated on Twitter that he'd been treated with Tace. According to the NHS, the term is used to describe a combination of chemotherapy and small plastic beads which block the blood vessels that provide a blood supply for the tumour. The actor admitted he'd kept the information about his secondary cancer secret until his treatment was finally over. DON'T MISS... Johnny Depp ‘totally devastated’ after friend Jeff Beck suddenly dies [TRIBUTE] Prince Harry fails to mention 15 celebrity pals in Spare snub [LATEST] Madonna looks ageless during family's moonlit dance on African safari [PHOTOS]  "A legend lives on. Happy to hear you're doing better mate!" @AdEvo87 wrote in reply.  Meanwhile, @ThatMillwallPod encouraged: "Huge thanks to the amazing Prof Heaton and all the staff at King's College Hospital for taking such great care of you. Sending lots of Millwall love and positivity your way!" Patrick continues to be regarded as an acting icon after appearing in 20 episodes of Only Fools And Horses between 1983 and 2003 as Mickey Pearce. That was his longest running role, although he is also renowned for his part in the 1979 film Quadrophenia, an honour he shared with the likes of Toyah Willcox and Sting. Meanwhile, he has also appeared in ITV Playhouse (1977), Curse of The Pink Panther (1983) and Dempsey and Makepeace (1986). Patrick later quit fame and went to Thailand - where he married his wife and they had a child together - but following his return to the UK he admittedly struggled to secure acting gigs, so he got a job as a chauffeur to make ends meet. He said: "Being out of the industry for so long, the work dried up so I went back to driving an executive car, a Mercedes, to do it. I only saw my baby on the phone for two years, I was a Skype dad." Patrick’s career did however see a brief revival in 2019, when he got a role in TV series Conditions playing Frank Bridge for 13 episodes.