Arsenal have been warned by John Stones that Manchester City intend to go ‘all the way’ this season by toppling them in the Premier League title race. Pep Guardiola’s side closed the gap on the Gunners with a 1-0 victory over Chelsea on Thursday night. Riyad Mahrez scored the only goal at Stamford Bridge to move within five points of Arsenal. It comes after Mikel Arteta’s team were held to a frustrating goalless draw by Newcastle on Tuesday. Defender Stones was awarded Man of the Match against Chelsea and denied Christian Pulisic an almost certain goal with a stunning first-half tackle. The England international has now warned the north Londoners that City have shown they have the ability to go on lengthy winning runs. “We don’t focus on the table so early. There are 63 points to play for, we have to take it a game at a time,” Stones told City’s social channels. JUST IN: Chelsea star Mason Mount may return in time to take Man City revenge Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE “In previous years we’ve been on winning runs and we have to keep the momentum going. If we play like we did at Chelsea then we can go all the way this season.” City boss Guardiola predicted that Arsenal could break the 100 points barrier come the end of the season. Only the Spaniard’s City team of 2017-18 have managed that feat. Guardiola says the only way his side can catch Arsenal is by playing well and winning games. “The way you have to reduce the gap is play good and win games. They have an average they’re going to do 100 points, Arsenal, the way they’ve done so far,” he said prior to Thursday’s game. “If they continue that way, we will not catch them. So you have to be almost perfect, I would say. Yesterday they were excellent against Newcastle again. We will see what happens.” DON'T MISS...Guardiola claims he made Man City subs v Chelsea because of journalistChelsea urged to copy Man Utd and Arsenal transfer trick in JanuaryChelsea boss Graham Potter explains ruthless Aubameyang sub Arsenal plan to double down on their shock Premier League title charge by strengthening Arteta’s squad in January. Ukrainian winger Mykhaylo Mudryk is their top target, but it is unlikely that the Gunners will pay Shakhtar Donetsk’s reported asking price of £85m. Asked about January plans, Arteta said on Tuesday: “I don’t know. That’s something more for Edu and the board to respond. “We are really trying to improve the squad in every window. We’re trying to do our best because we cannot waste any windows still with the squad and the numbers that we have. We will try.”