Prince William "ordered the plane to leave without Harry" as senior royals headed to Scotland to say goodbye to the late Queen, a royal biographer has claimed. The Prince of Wales and his uncles and aunt arrived at the Royal Family's Balmoral estate after Her Late Majesty's death on September 8. Prince Harry, who was visiting the UK at the time, arrived in Scotland hours behind the rest of the family and was among the first to head back to London. In an updated version of Tom Bower's book Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors, the author claimed Harry was left to arrange his own transportation as William was allegedly "unwilling to waste time". Mr Bower claimed: "At Meghan’s suggestion, Harry insisted that he would be accompanied by his wife – and that plan was broadcast to journalists at 1.53pm. "Meghan’s expectation was astonishing. For four years she had rejected the Queen’s invitations to visit Balmoral but, in her last hours of life, Meghan eagerly sought to make the journey. Firmly, Harry was told that Meghan was not welcome. "Unwilling to waste more time, William ordered the RAF jet to take off at 2.39pm. Harry was left to hire his own plane and make the journey alone. JUST IN: Harry says there's ‘a lot to discuss' as he refuses to confirm he'll attend coronation "He landed in Scotland at 6.46pm, 14 minutes after the Queen’s death had been announced to the public. She had died at 3.10pm." The claim comes as extracts of Prince Harry's upcoming biography Spare appear to suggest the Duke of Sussex does not hold back with the latest barrage of allegations against his brother. According to The Guardian, the Duke alleges to have had a physical confrontation with the Prince of Wales in his London home in 2019. He had previously claimed William's royal aides regularly "traded" stories about him and Meghan Markle in order to keep negative coverage under control. The Duke claimed he had struck a deal with William when they were younger not to brief the press against each other after witnessing the impact the strategy had on their parents. READ MORE: Kate faces 'broadside' over Harry's 'unflinching honesty' Speaking to Netflix's Harry & Meghan, the Duke, 38, said: "William and I both saw what happened in our dad’s office, and we made an agreement that we would never let that happen to our office. "I would far rather get destroyed in the press than play along with this game or this business of trading. “And to see my brother’s office copy the very same thing that we promised the two of us would never ever do, that was heartbreaking.” He also accused the Royal Family of failing to see the potential Meghan joining the Firm had in terms of expanding their sphere of influence. Harry added: "Anyone inside that system, whether it's my family, whether it's staff, whether it's PR, whatever it is, have already missed an enormous opportunity with my wife, and how far that would go globally." DON'T MISS:Mike Tindall explains reason kids are separated at Christmas dinner (INSIGHT)Firm braced for 'more Montecito explosions' after King snubs Sussexes (REVEAL)Poll result – Should Charles hold 'royal summit' talks with Sussexes? (POLL)  Prince Harry insisted, however, there is still room for reconciliation as he refused to confirm whether he will be attending his father's coronation in May. Speaking to ITV's Tom Brady, the Duke of Sussex said: "There’s a lot that can happen between now and then. “But, the door is always open. The ball is in their court. “There’s a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they’re willing to sit down and talk about it.” Buckingham Palace has been approached for comment.