David Beckham made a subtle contribution of £50 to the tea ladies while watching his son's debut for the Brentford B team. Romeo Beckham signed a loan deal with the Premier League side's B team last week, making his debut days later. Beckham Sr was in attendance for that game, a trip to Erith & Belvedere in the London Senior Cup. The youngster was named on the bench for the game, and assigned the number 21. He came off the bench to make his bow for the Bees with just under an hour gone and put in a solid display. A few nice crosses and some neat passing proved he's not just at the club for a PR stunt. Brentford came from two goals down to win 3-2 and advance to the next round, and eagle-eyed fans in attendance spotted the Manchester United legend watching from the stands. Beckham didn't post on social media about going to the game, but was snapped pitchside watching his son in action. Many had suspected Beckham would use his celebrity status to get in for free, but Erith and Belvedere director Paul Springett has confirmed Beckham paid his full entrance fee - before making a classy donation to the ladies serving tea. Springett wrote on Twitter: "Cash.. contributed £50 to the ladies in the tea hut. Top Class." Beckham recently inked a controversial deal to promote the World Cup in Qatar, said to be worth a whopping £150million. Romeo is still contracted to Inter Miami II, the affiliate of Major League Soccer's Inter Miami - owned by his father - and is expected to return there once his loan moves. There is, however, the possibility that he'll choose to stay put in west London and sign on a permanent deal with Brentford. Head coach Thomas Frank hinted as such during a press conference last week, where he said: "Speaking shortly after the initial loan switch was announced, the Danish schemer said: “Yeah, I've seen him [Beckham]. I think he's an interesting player. We hope, of course, like a lot of others that he can make it to the first team. "Yeah, [he is] promising. Anyone who has got a contract here - be it a permanent deal or loan deal - there is always the opportunity to stay, of course.”