A surviving roommate from the horrific murders of four Idaho students has faced mounting public pressure over her eight-hour delay in calling police after seeing the suspect - masked and in black - exit the house. A woman who found her half-dead flatmate three decades earlier has come out in defence of the roommate, saying: "This will be with her for the rest of her life." The arrest affidavit, a document detailing a summary of the evidence and the circumstances of the arrest, revealed a number of new details about the case that has rocked America. The affidavit reveals that Kohberger was tied to the murders of Kaylee Goncalves, 21 Madison Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and Ethan Chapin, 20, after his DNA was found on a knife sheath the killer left at the scene. Mobile data also links the criminology PhD student to the undergrad's off-campus home at least 12 times in the run-up to the 13 November attack. Also in the affidavit was one of the two surviving roommates' statements from the night of the murders. Dylan Mortensen, 21, told police she saw a "masked figure clad in black" walk past her at 4am on the night the four students were killed. She also heard the suspect say, "it's ok, I'm here to help you" as he wandered the house committing the horrific acts. Mortensen didn’t call 911 for another eight hours, which has caused mounting questions as to why it took her so long. But a woman who found her half dead roommate more than three decades ago has spoken out in defence of the surviving roommate. Alanna Zabel, 50, told Fox News: "I really hope that the media can just back off a little bit … and allow her to heal, because it’s going to be a long process." READ MORE: Idaho victim's father thought suspect would look like a ‘monster' "I’m sure she was trying to put the pieces together," Zabel said, amid mounting public pressure asking Mortensen to explain the delayed police call. In defence of Mortensen, lawyer Shannon Gray, who represents slain student Kaylee Goncalves said the surviving roommate was "scared to death, and rightly so”. “This guy had just murdered four people in the home,” Ms Gray told Fox News. In the police affidavit, Mortensen said she had awoken on the night of the killings but was paralysed with fear and scared to leave her room after she heard the crying and saw the chilling figure. She opened her door three times after hearing a noise coming from different parts of the house, eventually coming face to face with the suspect who was wearing a mask. Police credited her for providing a detailed description of the man, which helped police hone in on the suspected killer, Bryan Kohberger. The young student's response resonated with Zabel, who said she went into survival mode and was unable to process what had happened when she found her roommate nearly dead, after being attacked and raped in their sorority house at the University of Buffalo in 1992. Zabel told Fox News: "When you are in that heightened state of fear and survival, your mind will do what it has to do to protect you. "The mind is a powerful thing, and when you live with five other people and it’s a very party aspect, college life where it could be a fraternity prank, or there are multiple people moving through the house at all times, you always want to assume that it’s not the worst case scenario." She urged the public to allow Mortensen the space she needs to work through her trauma from the incident, explaining from her own experience, that it's "not going to be quick healing". 