The President of the European Parliament has launched an urgent procedure to waive immunity of two MEPs following request from authorities in Belgium in connection with Qatar-linked corruption investigation. The scandal is threatening to rip apart European Union democracy. Roberta Metsola wrote on Twitter: "Following a request from the Belgian judicial authorities, I have launched an urgent procedure for the waiver of immunity of two Members of the European Parliament. There will be no impunity. None." Last month, police launched a fresh round of raids on political figures in Brussels in connection with alleged corruption involving Qatari interests. It has led to surging fears the scandal could threaten to trash EU democracy. Qatar denied any wrongdoing in relation to the investigation that had seen police seize nearly £1.3million in cash from Brussels properties. Ms Metsola told a parliamentary session of MEPs in Strasbourg on December 12 she would be opening a probe, but warned: "The European Parliament is under attack."  She added in her speech: "Our way of open, free, democratic societies are under attack. "The enemies of democracy for whom the very existence of this Parliament is a threat, will stop at nothing. "These malign actors, linked to autocratic third countries have allegedly weaponized NGOs, unions, individuals, assistants and Members of the European Parliament in an effort to subdue our processes." Calls for an investigation over the matter to be launched were echoed by MEPs in Strasbourg and across the bloc. READ MORE: New York legalises human composting amid Catholic anger  French President Emmanuel Macron said: "I think we need to know the facts, understand who is implicated and then take the appropriate measures." German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock also warned: "Europe’s credibility is at stake." Speaking at an EU summit in the Belgian capital later that week, Ms Metsola said senior leaders would discuss a possible ban and that a “wide-ranging reform” package would be implemented in response to the police investigation. When asked if she would ban representatives of Qatar or other government officials implicated in the scandal from the European Parliament, she replied: “That is one of the questions I will put to the conference of presidents immediately." DON'T MISSPutin nightmare as hospital treats 350 Russian soldiers [REPORT]Chechens flee Russia in droves to reach Bosnia and escape war [LATEST]Major new EU driving law changes to be introduced in August 2023 [ANALYSIS]  At a press conference, the European Parliament President vowed to publish reform proposals in the new year, including "a ban on all unofficial friendship groups". Watchdogs have warned he threat to Europe’s credibility has always been clear, with The Good Lobby founder Alberto Alemanno responding to the speech by Ms Metsola by tweeting the scandal is not an attack but "self inflicted damage". He added: "The EU Parliament and most of its members have historically resisted stricter integrity rules and effective enforcement system." Last month, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen suggested there is a growingf need to establish an overriding wathdog body. She said: "It is very critical to have not only strong rules but the same rules covering all the EU institutions and not to allow for any exemptions." 