NFL legend Shannon Sharpe apologised for his actions as he clashed with superstar Ja Morant’s dad and a number of Memphis Grizzlies players over a comment about LeBron James as the Los Angeles Lakers secured an important win last week. Dennis Schroder scored a clutch late bucket to give the Lakers a thrilling 122-121 win but it was the clash between Sharpe and Tee Morant that landed in headlines come Saturday morning. Sharpe, considered one of the best tight ends in NFL history after winning three Super Bowl championships, had to be restrained by members of security at the Crypto.com Arena as he yelled at Memphis players. The incident went down at half time as the Grizzlies led 53-49 at the break. As players headed into the locker room, the 54-year-old was seen shouting at Grizzlies guard Dillon Brooks so teammate Steven Adams got involved and confronted Sharpe. Grizzlies staff tried to hold back the center while Morant and father Tee also got involved. On Monday, Sharpe issued a grovelling apology to all parties involved. He took accountability for his actions as he apologised to the James, the Lakers and Grizzlies, and the fans watching on. READ MORE: Simmons doesn't want to 'rely' on Durant or Irving at Brooklyn Nets “As you probably have heard or have seen, Friday night at the Lakers game, I want to apologise for my behaviour,” Sharpe began at the end of the opening segment on his Fox Sports show, ‘Undisputed’. “Guys, I've preached for the last six and a half years, responsibility and accountability, and I take full responsibility for what transpired. “It does not matter what Dillon Brooks said, or how many times he said it, me being the responsible person, me having the platform that I have, having so many people look up to me, I was wrong. I should have lowered the temperature in the arena; instead I turned the temperature up and I let it get out of hand. “I want to apologise to a few people. First of all, I want to apologise to the Lakers organisation, Jeanie Buss, the Buss family, I apologise for any harm or unwanted attention I brought to your organisation. I want to apologise to the fans in attendance, and the fans watching on television, because that's not what you paid for and that’s not what you tuned in to watch. DON'T MISS LeBron James issues retirement advice to NFL icon Tom BradyLA Lakers problems exposed as LeBron James briefly checks out of gameLeBron James laments 'frustrating as hell' NBA refs after Lakers loss “Shannon Sharpe should have been mentioned as someone who was at the game, not someone that let his emotions run hot, and get out of hand during the game. I want to apologise to the Memphis Grizzlies, the organisation and fans, I am sorry. More specifically, I want to apologise to Dillon Brooks; he is a fierce competitor and seeing him up close, I get a sense of why he is what he is, and how he's wired the way he's wired. “Bruh, I apologise. I wish you the best for the rest of the season, and continued success. Ja [Morant], it was a privilege and an honour to watch you up close and personal. Skip and I talk about you a lot of times, but to see what you do and the way you're able to elevate, and finish at the rim, is unbelievable and extremely impressive, and I want to apologise to you.” Sharpe’s apology extended to his family and James while also lamenting his behaviour for how it reflected on Fox Sports, his employer. He added: “I also want to apologise to LeBron James. Y'all know how I feel about him. He's supported me through thick and thin, and I'm sorry that I put you in this situation, that you had to support me in something like this. So I want to apologise to you.  “I want to apologise to my family, I want to apologise to my brother, my sister, my mom, my kids, my grandson... because one day, you're going to be old enough and you're going to see what transpired in that arena, but I also hope you get an opportunity to see this apology that I'm giving because I was wrong, and I am never going to be too big to say I am sorry - I am never going to be too big to say I was wrong. In that situation, I was absolutely wrong.” Sharpe concluded: “I’m sorry, I apologise. I'm not perfect. I'm never going to say that wasn't Shannon Sharpe, because that was me. That was just me getting out of character.  I’m sorry for all those who saw my actions and took offence to my actions. I am sorry.” Sharpe and Morant made up their differences shortly after and were seen hugging and laughing later. His apology to James came after the 38-year-old threw his support behind Sharpe on social media, writing: “I ride with Shannon 365 days — 366 on a leap year — 24/7. So that's my guy.” 