Jose Mourinho has divided opinion like no manager in football history after a managerial career which has spanned 23 years. The Portuguese has represented nine different clubs, winning 26 trophies in the process and as he celebrates his 60th birthday Express Sport looks at what his next steps could be with his unrelenting drive for success showing no signs of abating. Mourinho is already one of the most successful managers in football history after winning the Champions League and Europa League twice as well as claiming the inaugural European Conference League with Roma. He has also won domestic leagues on eight occasions across Europe with Porto, Chelsea, Inter Milan and Real Madrid. It is at Stamford Bridge where he is perhaps most synonymous, winning the Premier League on three occasions during two separate spells. However, it was his Champions League success with Porto which is perhaps the most impressive, taking his unfancied side all the way to glory in Europe’s premier competition. Mourinho’s career has hit a bit of a snag in recent years with trophies not coming as easily as they did during the early stages of his career. His time at Manchester United did not go as he would have hoped despite winning the League Cup and Europa League as he could not bring the Premier League title back to Old Trafford. A trophyless spell at Tottenham followed before he got back to winning ways at Roma, claiming the Giallorossi’s first bit of silverware since 2008 in the European Conference League last year. With his career as a club manager starting to peter out, what could come next? The 60-year-old is yet to try out international management and may be tempted by the opportunity in the coming years, with the day-to-day role less physically and mentally taxing than domestic football. He has already been linked with a host of international roles. He was overlooked for the vacancy in his home nation as Roberto Martinez was appointed but is said to be a target for Brazil in what would be a hugely exciting opportunity. Another possibility could be the England job when it is eventually vacated by Gareth Southgate. Mourinho spent so much of his managerial career in the Premier League and his experience would deter criticism from those who believe the nation’s manager should always be English. It remains to be seen what Mourinho’s next career steps but the wise money appears to be on a long-awaited venture into international football.