Chelsea are reportedly considering seizing on Everton's current crisis with a double swoop for Amadou Onana and Anthony Gordon before the January transfer window closes. The Blues are weighing up whether to capitalise on the uncertainty at Goodison Park by moving for two of their most valuable stars just hours after Frank Lampard was sacked as Toffees boss on Monday. The Blues have already spent a whopping £150million in the window, including £88m new boy Mykhaylo Mudryk, but it appears they are far from finished with more signings expected at Stamford Bridge in the coming days. Fresh bids for Enzo Fernandez and Moises Caicedo are expected to be made to Benfica and Brighton respectively, and Everton could be the next club to be targeted for a raid by the big-spending west London club, according to The Daily Telegraph. Gordon was heavily linked with a move to Stamford Bridge in the summer after Chelsea had two bids turned down for the England Under-21 international, believed to be in excess of £50m. Onana, meanwhile, has quietly impressed after signing from Lille in a £38m deal earlier this summer as Lampard's biggest signing. READ MORE: Chelsea ace Mudryk backed to surpass Hazard after exciting debut And it would fit Chelsea's desire to sign a central midfielder before window closes after already bringing in six new signings in a busy window. Gordon's signing would be more difficult to justify, given that the club have strengthened their forward line with Mudryk, Noni Madueke and Joao Felix all arriving in January. Everton are currently 19th in the Premier League after losing nine of their last 12 Premier League matches, including a 2-0 defeat to West Ham on Saturday. With that in mind, it would surely take a higher bid to convince Everton to sell the Belgian given the club's dire league position, with relegation a genuine possibility for the Merseyside outfit. DON'T MISSEverton 'dressing room bust-up' as Lampard ordered star to train aloneEverything Wayne Rooney has said on Everton job after Lampard sackedEverton board have six options for new manager as Lampard sacked But American owner Todd Boehly has shown no signs of being deterred, having already seen mega bids rejected for Fernandez and Caicedo this month. Everton may also be powerless to resist a huge offer for the 21-year-old after being left cash-strapped following years of wasteful recruitment strategies and could ask for Hakim Ziyech to be included in any deal as the Toffees remain interested in signing the Moroccan. Chelsea could take their spending way past £500m since his takeover in May if they were to bring in both Gordon and Onana, with a move for Lyon full-back Malo Gusto also not ruled out before the January 31 deadline. In addition to Mudryk, Madueke and Felix, club have also brought in Benoit Badiashile, David Datro Fofana, Andrey Santos with their record-breaking January expenditure set to skyrocket in the final days of the window.