Fans of Sir Elton John, 75, were left furious after torrential rain and flooding in Auckland, New Zealand forced the Rocket Man hitmaker’s gig to be cancelled with only 15 minutes notice. Elton has now revealed he shares the frustrations of many concert goers in the city, as he took to Instagram to speak out on the decision, which he said was made by “the local emergency services” due to the adverse weather conditions. The singer penned: “I’m absolutely heartbroken that tonight’s show in Aukland couldn’t go ahead. “I was at the venue and determined to play as the weather reports we received in advance weren’t fully conclusive. “Ultimately, we had to follow the local emergency services’ decision to cancel. “The safety of my fans, our team, and staff at Mt Smart Stadium is of the utmost importance.” READ MORE... Sopranos' John Ventimiglia 'heartbroken' as daughter Odele dies at 25  Sir Elton continued in view of his 4.4 million followers this morning: “My heart goes out to those of you who made it into the stadium only to have to leave again and I truly share your frustration and disappointment.    “I never want to let my fans down and deeply love it each and every time I have the honour of playing for you in New Zealand.    “We’re monitoring the situation closely with local authorities and will let ticket buyers of tomorrow night’s show know as soon as humanly possible of any changes,” the star concluded.    It comes after thousands of Elton fans were already at the stadium when organisers suddenly axed the concert, which has been billed as part of the British singer’s final farewell tour.  Promoter Frontier Touring tweeted the concert had been pulled due to unsafe weather conditions. However, the explanation didn’t ease any disappointment from ticket holders, with one fuming: “Thanks for waiting till we were already there to cancel it… "We understand cancelling it, just not at 7.15 for a 7.30 start…" MetService had warned of flash flooding and hazardous driving conditions throughout Aukland ahead of the concert. DON'T MISS:Stacey Solomon left tearful as she finally announces baby's genderDenise Welch hits back as viewer says 'enough is enough'Michaela Strachan addresses Twitter ban after Chris Packham complained Video footage shared online shows waist-deep water in some areas of the city, prompting authorities to ask residents to be prepared to evacuate if needed. The unseasonable extreme weather conditions also cancelled and delayed flights, as well as cancelling Sir Elton's gig. Clips filmed by members of the audience who had braved the downpours to attend the Tiny Dancer musician's concert showed messages informing fans of an "evacuation". On big screens within the venue, fans were told: "This is an evacuation. Please follow the direction of venue staff to the nearest exit." One fan could be heard complaining that Sir Elton's concerts had been called off too many times in New Zealand. He told New Zealand-based media outlet 1News: "Second time for f**king rain! Second time from flooding. "Road washed out last time, we got stuck in, heli'd out like five days later. "Then Covid happened, then we came here and it's like, 'well this is quite wet too!'" Another fan added while leaving the venue in a raincoat: "It sucks of course. But I feel like it's understandable."