Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher was taunted by fellow Sky Sports pundit Micah Richards as he was asked to dance along with the Brentford fans following the Bees' 3-1 win over Jurgen Klopp's side on Monday. An Ibrahima Konate own goal, Yoane Wissa's header and Bryan Mbuemo's strike sealed all three points for the hosts, who were in party mood at full-time. As 'Hey Jude' and 'Freed From Desire' rang around the stadium the cameras panned to Richards and Carragher. The ex-Manchester City man joined in with the Brentford fans celebrating their win, and asked Carragher to join in having previously danced with the Bees fans following past victories, but he could not accept the request this time and hung his head down onto the desk instead. Richards was more than happy to jump up and down in celebration, before asking his co-worker to join him. "Come on Jamie, dance!" However, the Liverpool hero could not celebrate against his former club. "No, no," he said. "I can't!" Richards and then Gary Neville later joked with Carragher, as he previously did not hesitate to associate himself among the Brentford fans after their 2-0 win over Arsenal in August 2021, and Carragher even described himself as a "closet Brentford fan" before kick-off. Carragher was full of praise for Thomas Frank's side, however. "They were fantastic," Carragher added. "This is a fantastic place to watch football. We’ve been here so often and seen them do it to other teams, I’ve normally got people on my shoulders but it won’t be happening tonight! But no, thoroughly deserved, Liverpool were a shambles, and this is Brentford’s night. "Without their main man, Ivan Toney, coming into this game, beating one of the best teams in this country - no, in Europe - probably over the last four or five years, and to beat them so comprehensively with two goals disallowed that easily could have gone their own way." DON'T MISS...Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd plot Raphinha move, Chelsea medical todayBest XI of players Man Utd and co can sign on pre-contract agreementsFive players Chelsea could snap up for bargain fees in January  Neville, who was commentating on the game for Sky, quickly made his way down from the gantry in order to mock Carragher following Liverpool's defeat."When [Manchester] United got beat here earlier in the season it took me about 45 minutes to get down here [from the commentary gantry], down here pretty quickly tonight!" Neville said. "No, honestly, I think there's always been a team in the Premier League that have asked the question of if you want to run, if you want to fight, if you want to head the ball, defend set pieces, and Brentford do that - they’re more than that. "This is the modern day Wimbledon from 25-30 years ago, I know it’s very different now, but they’re that team that if you’re not quite right, if you’re not quite up for it, if you’re a little bit short in those areas of competitiveness, they’ll beat you up, and they’ve beaten Liverpool up today, they beat United up earlier this season, Arsenal last season - although Arsenal have won here this season - they’ll beat big clubs up if they’re not quite right and at it." 