The Waleses' demonstrated it's business as usual today, January 12, as they visited Liverpool to officially open the new Royal Liverpool University Hospital. Kate, Princess of Wales, looked stunning in a recycled tartan coat and a navy blue dress. For the Merseyside visit, Kate donned one of her favourite coats - the Blackwatch Tartan Coat from Holland and Cooper. The garment is green and blue with gold buttons running down its centre, as well as on the sleeve cuffs. The Princess matched this with a naby blue ribbed midi dress by London-based designer Cefinn, which she had accessorised with a belt. Called the 'Eva Wool Knit Dress in Navy, the garment retailed for £290. Kate completed the look with a pair of black stilettos by Gianvito Rossi. READ MORE: 3 ‘outdated’ hairstyles women 40+ should avoid as 'they age you' Kate has worn the tartan coat for two recent engagements, showing her commitment to sustainable fashion as she isn't afraid to recycle outfits. The coat's first outing was back in November 2021, when the Princess filmed a short clip about the Remembrance with the Royal British Legion and the Scouts. More recently, Kate donned the coat to plant a tree in honour of Queen Elizabeth II outside Westminster Abbey in December 2022. Costing £749, it is by British brand Holland Cooper and called the Blackwatch Tartan Coat. The brand described it on its website as a “longline sophisticated wool coat” with a more-relaxed silhouette than some of our super-fitted tailoring”.  It added: “Perfect to layer with a classic tee or styled with our super-chunky knitwear. Made from the finest UK woven wools, this coat has been hand cut and proudly made in England.” The coat reached Kate’s shins and had an open collar and gold buttons on the sleeves and on either side of the coat’s opening. The Princess has worn it with boots in the past, but today she opted for a pair of black high heels and bare legs - or nude tights. She also donned a mid-length navy blue ribbed dress with a high neck and a belt around her waist. READ MORE: Princess Kate's 'favourite' tiara was special gift for Queen Elizabeth As for accessories, Kate carried a Mulberry bag called the 'Amberley' Small Top Handle Bag in Heavy Grain Mulberry Green. Her jewellery of choice was a pair of dainty earrings that belonged to her mother-in-law, Princess Diana. The royal has worn the jewels, which are sapphires surrounded by tiny diamonds, on many occasions in the past. The earrings were originally part of a jewellery suite given to Diana by Crown Prince Fahd of Saudi Arabia as a wedding gift, according to Us Magazine. The blue and silver earrings were originally studs when worn by Diana, but Kate redesigned them into drop earrings. The blue and silver earrings were originally studs when worn by Diana, but Kate redesigned them into drop earrings. Today, they matched her sapphire and diamond engagement ring, which she is never seen without. Kate's brunette locks were tousled in loose waves over her shoulders and she wore her usual make-up look of lashings of black mascara, subtle eyeshadow, a little bronzer, and lipgloss. At the new Royal Liverpool Hospital, Kate and William spoke to members of staff, including critical care nurses. Their Royal Highnesses will meet other individuals working in healthcare and mental health support services across Liverpool and Wirral over the course of the afternoon.