Gareth Bale, 33, revealed he will be saying goodbye to the beautiful game after more than a decade of playing for various football clubs, as well as the Welsh national team. He will be ending his career as Wales' captain and as number 11 for Los Angeles FC. Before signing a contract with the American team, Gareth played for Real Madrid alongside other football greats, such as Christiano Ronaldo. Despite failing to take Wales out of the group stages of the World Cup in Qatar last year, Gareth is the national team's all-time leading goalscorer. He has also won the Champions League five times with Real Madrid, making him one of Britain's most decorated football players. The 33-year-old announced today, January 9, that he will be stepping away from football midway through his contract at Los Angeles FC, which was due to expire this summer. Gareth said: "My decision to retire from international football has been by far the hardest of my career. "My journey on the international stage is one that has changed not only my life but who I am." Thanks to almost two decades of playing football, making his debut at Southampton at just 16 years old, Gareth has amassed not just a large following of dedicated and loyal supporters, but a huge fortune too. Last year, Gareth took a pay cut as he swapped Real Madrid for Los Angeles FC, agreeing to £1.3million across his one-year deal, down from £28million. However, the sporting legend has ended his successful career today with a whopping sum in the bank. He has a net worth of around £117million, according to Celebrity Net Worth. DON'T MISS:Every Chinese zodiac animal explained ahead of Chinese New Year 2023 [EXPLAINER]Game-changing method to poach eggs without a saucepan [VIDEO]Effortlessly clean an oven with kitchen staple and no ‘harsh chemicals [GUIDE] After Southampton, Gareth spent six years at Tottenham, before joining Real Madrid in 2016 for a then world-record £85million fee. It made him the best-paid player in the world at the time. The Welshman went on to deliver two Champions League trophies for his club. A further three followed, as well as three La Liga titles. In 2020 to 2021, Gareth returned to Tottenham on loan, and the following season was his last for Real Madrid. It was during this time he won his fifth Champions League title with the club, despite gaining little playing time. READ MORE: Kate shows how curtsy is 'really done' after Meghan's 'comedy bowing' He later joined MLS club Los Angeles FC in July 2022 and won the Supporters' Shield and MLS Cup that season. As for his international career, Gareth made his debut for Wales in May 2006, becoming the youngest player at that point to represent the country. He then went on to earn 111 caps and scored 41 international goals, making him Wales' most capped player and top goalscorer of all time. Gareth has been named Welsh Footballer of the Year a record six times - unsurprising due to his goal-scoring skills, but also thanks to his love for the club. Football fan or not, most Welsh people will know about the infamous football chant connected to Gareth: "Wales. Golf. Madrid. In that order." It was first coined by Real Madrid player and sporting director Pedja Mitajovic, who said in a radio interview in 2019 that he hadn't spoken to Gareth, but the impression he got was that his priorities were Wales, golf, and Madrid - and in that order. The football star didn't deny it. Born in Cardiff to parents Frank, a school caretaker, and Debbie Bale, an operations manager, Gareth attended Whitchurch High School in the Welsh capital. He was a keen athlete, playing football alongside future Wales rugby captain Sam Warburton, rugby, and hockey. He also excelled at athletics. In a statement posted to his Twitter account this afternoon, Gareth said: "To my Welsh family, my decision to retire from international football has been, by far, the hardest of my career. "How do I describe what being part of this country and team means to me? How do I articulate the impact it has had on my life? How do I put in to words the way I felt, every single time I put on that Welsh shirt? "My answer is that I couldn't possibly do any of those things justice, simply with words."