Maya Jama, 28, has been taking over our screens in recent weeks as she made her debut presenting on Love Island. However, it has been reported that the ITV presenter's ex-fiancé Ben Simmons, 26, has demanded the return of the £800,000 engagement ring he proposed with last year. Maya and Ben enjoyed a whirlwind romance but split last year reportedly so they could both focus on their careers. Ben proposed to Maya over Christmas in 2021 following a seven-month romance, with Maya also spending the festive period with her partner's family in New Jersey. However, despite not appearing to end on bad terms, Ben has asked for the engagement ring back he proposed with. A source told The Sun: "Given Ben has never, until now, asked for the ring back, you can appreciate the letter came somewhat as a surprise to Maya. READ MORE: Karren Brady says Camilla's 'unscathed' but Harry 'put a sock in it' "Ben was really shocked when she left and didn't give him the ring back. "He was madly in love with her and thought it was forever so was really p***ed she didn't give it back. It cost around $1million and they were engaged for less than a year." Express.co.uk have contacted Maya Jama and Ben Simmons representatives for comment. A representative has since contacted the MailOnline stating: "Maya received a request from Ben's representatives on Friday afternoon, asking her to return the engagement ring that he gave her as a gift last year. "This was the first time that she has been asked by Ben to return it and, for the avoidance of any doubt, she has never refused to return it. "Maya is making arrangements to return the ring to Ben and wishes him all the best." When together the pair enjoyed a long-distance relationship, with the presenter often travelling back and forth to America where Ben plays basketball for the Brooklyn Nets. Experts have since valued the large emerald-cut engagement ring at 800k. Maya and Ben were first romantically linked in June 2021 after they were seen on a night out together at the restaurant Sexy Fish in London's Mayfair. DON'T MISS... Harry and Meghan's 'unwise' decision could 'ruin' King's Coronation [OPINION] Lisa Marie Presley's ex Michael 'to get full custody' of their twins [INSIGHT] Meat Loaf's wife admits 'huge part of me is missing' after his death [COMMENT] The couple were then confirmed when they were pictured kissing in the stands at Wimbledon the following month. Ben previously dated Kendall Jenner, 26, but the pair called things off in May 2019 after months of dating on and off. Maya, meanwhile, dated rapper Stormzy for four years, with the pair splitting the same year. Stormzy has since made his feelings public about their split through his music, with his hit Lessons being about their heartbreaking split. Since then, the pair were spotted looking cosy together in the smoking area at the GQ Men Of The Year Awards 2021. The rumours of a rekindled romance were dismissed by Maya, as her reps responded to the speculation to Digital Spy, confirming reports were "false". They added: "Maya and Stormzy remain great friends." You can see Maya Jama on Love Island this evening at 9pm on ITV2