A top Democrat has vowed “we will win” over the debt ceiling crisis, and blasted Kevin McCarthy’s “brinkmanship”. Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer previously brokered a deal with former President Donald Trump that enraged the GOP in 2017 and is now facing off against the Speaker of the House. Schumer has vowed: “No hostage-taking, no brinkmanship. Pass the debt ceiling.” “Unfortunately, [McCarthy] let a group of very extreme people, he gave them the tools” to wield power over the debt limit, the Senate leader said in an interview. “The plan is to get our Republican colleagues in the House to understand they’re flirting with disaster and hurting the American people. “And to let the American people understand that as well. And I think we’ll win.” Asked to respond to Schumer, McCarthy criticised the Democrat’s December drive to pass a year-end spending bill shaped in part by two retiring senators. “When was the last time he did a budget?” McCarthy said of Schumer. “So, he wants somebody to lift the debt ceiling, but he won’t tell the American people where he’ll spend money?” During McCarthy’s embattled attempts to become Speaker of the House, he conceded to the GOP that Republicans would refuse to support raising the debt ceiling without a “budget agreement or commensurate fiscal reforms”, according to Politico. It comes after 24 GOP Senators wrote to Joe Biden to warn they will not vote for any bill to raise the nation’s debt limit unless it’s connected to spending cuts. Earlier in January, the US reached its debt limit of $31.4 trillion, triggering a debt suspension period which lasts until June 5. Should the deadline pass without the limit being raised, the US could default on its debt obligations, which risks plunging the US into a recession. The letter, led by Mike Lee, R-Utah, and Ted Budd, R-North Carolina, insists it is the policy of the Republican conference that any increase in the debt ceiling must be accompanied by cuts in federal spending or “meaningful structural reform in spending.” “We, the undersigned members of the Senate Republican Conference, write to express our outright opposition to a debt-ceiling hike without real structural spending reform that reduces deficit spending and brings fiscal sanity back to Washington,” the senators wrote. They cited the Prevent Government Shutdowns Act, which would automatically provide continuing appropriations to fund government if Congress fails to pass spending legislation by the end-of-year deadline. Also cited was the Full Faith and Credit Act, which would prioritise federal payments in case Congress doesn’t raise the debt limit, as “meaningful structural reform”. Meanwhile, Democrats appear split on whether to negotiate with the Republican Party on raising the debt limit. “There will be opportunities to work together, but not in the context of them threatening the global economy,” Sen. Brian Schatz, D-Hawaii, said of House Republicans. However, Sen. Joe Manchin, D-West Virginia, called it “unreasonable” to not negotiate and said he’s not going to tell the House what to do. “Kevin McCarthy and I know each other. We’re trying to build relationships, because we have responsibility.”