The National Grid’s Demand Flexibility Service is offering Britons the chance to save money if they reduce or delay their usage during a specific time. This is intended to prevent energy shortages this winter. Shell Energy has outlined the details of its Smart Flex scheme to support the wider National Grid scheme. To be eligible, customers will need to have reduced their usage throughout each ‘event’. Shell Energy explained this is most achievable by shifting usage to another time of day. For example, Britons could avoid using high consumption appliances such as their washing machine or dishwasher at peak hours. READ MORE: Hours left to secure pension ‘bumper boost’ But the provider is seeking to further incentivise people to take part in its scheme through an exciting, new prize draw. Customers who participate in the scheme ‘events’, reducing their usage, will receive entry to the draw to win one of a hundred £100 vouchers each month. In addition, customers will be in with the chance to win the top prize of an Electric Mini, and a Shell Energy home charging pack, worth £30,000. The more events a person successfully participates in, and the more energy they save, the more they will get for the prize draws. DON'T MISSState pension age to rise with triple lock at risk in future [INSIGHT]TV licence reform could mean licence fee is replaced with tax [ANALYSIS]Interest rate hike may offer ‘further boost’ for pensioners [LATEST] Every time an individual participates and decreases consumption, they will enter two prize draws. For every 0.1kWh saved, they earn one entry for a monthly prize draw of the £100 voucher, and one entry for the grand prize draw - the Mini and charging pack - at the end of the trial. As greater numbers of customers take part, the supplier has vowed to increase the number of prizes on offer. A Shell Energy spokesperson said: “This is a great opportunity for households to make a collective effort to reduce energy usage at peak times, which will help National Grid balance our country’s power needs this winter. “We are taking a ‘Premium Bonds approach’ to incentivising customers, to see if the chance to win large financial prizes drives a higher participation rate READ MORE: Hunt unveils UK's hidden gem in energy crisis generating 60% of power “The lessons we can learn as an industry, with a number of different incentives offered by different suppliers, will ultimately help influence the design of future schemes.” The scheme is now available to all eligible customers who wish to participate. They must have marketing consent, as well as a communicating smart meter to do so. Britons can expect to receive an email clearly explaining how they can sign up going forward. A number of other suppliers have also confirmed they will be taking part in the Demand Flexibility Scheme.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea For domestic customers, the list is as follows: Numerous test sessions have already taken place since the scheme first launched. For example, on January 19, Octopus Energy ran a ‘Savings Session’ between 09:00 and 10:00. In December, the provider explained it had paid out more than £1million to customers for just four hours of the flexibility service. Express Money has also been testing the most popular ways to save money on energy bills, which could be useful for those who are not taking part in the National Grid scheme Jackie Annett was able to save £25 using a heated throw, a heated clothes dryer, and a slow cooker.