Dr Biden, 71, was accompanied by her husband, President Joe Biden, for the procedure at Walter Reed in Maryland. The President's physician wrote a letter detailing the procedure and it was shared by a White House press secretary In a statement, the First Lady's press secretary Vanessa Valdivia said: “The First Lady returned to the White House earlier this evening following her outpatient Mohs surgery. “She’s doing well and in good spirits. She sends her love and gratitude to all the doctors and nurses at Walter Reed for their expertise, care, and kindness, and appreciates all those who have sent her well-wishes and prayers.” The English and writing instructor travelled to the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland, for the “common outpatient procedure”.   “Mohs surgery remove[s] and definitively examine the tissue”, physician Kevin O’Connor said. The lesion was discovered during Dr Biden’s routine skin cancer screening. The First Lady went in for surgery the morning after she and the 46th President returned from Mexico City. The skin lesion was removed from above her right eye and the procedure confirmed “that the small lesion was basal cell carcinoma,” a form of skin cancer, Dr O’Connor said on Wednesday afternoon. READ MORE: Iran to execute British citizen and former minister for being MI6 spy Meanwhile, it is reported that another lesion above her left eyelid was also removed and is set to undergo “standard microscopic examination”. The President’s physician reported that Dr Biden had “some facial swelling and bruising” but was “feeling well” and was in “good spirits”. The Skin Cancer Foundation has warned that the delicate skin surrounding the eyes is especially vulnerable to damage from the sun. A letter written by Dr O’Connor on the First Lady’s procedure stated: “During her pre-operative consultation, an additional area of concern was identified on the left side of the First Lady’s chest. DON'T MISS:White House denies 'cyber attack' as flight investigation launched (INSIGHT)Prince Harry interview blasted as ‘boring’ – YOUR VERDICT (POLL)Over a third of dog owners feel regret or doubt after getting new pup (REVEAL)  “The appearance of this lesion was consistent with potential basal cell carcinoma. “This lesion was also excised utilising Mohs surgery, and basal cell carcinoma was confirmed. “Again, all cancerous tissue was successfully removed, and the margins were clear of any residual skin cancer cells.” The physician added that such lesions do not typically spread such as other forms of skin cancer like melanoma or squamous cell carcinoma.