Manchester United transfer target Wout Weghorst was reportedly missing from Besiktas training on Wednesday morning as his loan switch to Old Trafford edges closer. The Dutch target man, who is determined to sign on the dotted line with the Red Devils, is waiting for the Black Eagles to find a solution as they continue to work on landing a replacement - something they consider integral before they approve Weghorst's departure.  A contract offer has already been sent to former forward Vincent Aboubakar but he remains in talks with Al-Nassr over the mutual termination of his current deal. However, it now looks like the saga is nearing an end and Weghorst's mind is clearly set on a move to Manchester United after hearing of their interest prior to the 2-1 Turkish Super Lig victory over Kasimpasa last Saturday. According to Turkish broadcaster A Spor, Weghorst did not train with the main group this morning at Besiktas - something that was considered to be a shock. Instead, he was in the fitness room as he is said to have been experiencing 'pain' - or so Besiktas sources claim. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Weghorst trained with his team-mates as normal on Tuesday and his representatives were also at Besiktas HQ to hold talks with the club following United's offer. He has already approved United's offer but the 30-year-old faces a patient wait before the deal is finally signed off and approved by Besiktas. Club president Ahmet Nur Cebi has confirmed Besiktas are willing to let the player depart but only on their terms - when a replacement is signed. “In this critical period, I will not leave the team without a striker," he said. READ MOREArsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWCristiano Ronaldo could help Man Utd sign Wout Weghorst due to separate Besiktas deal talks "If we agree on the terms after getting a quality striker, we will send Weghorst away. Otherwise, Weghorst will stay in the team.” It's believed Weghorst was planning to depart the club on Tuesday but his current club quickly shot down those media accusations in a strongly-worded statement. "After the match of our Football A Team against Kasimpasa in the Super League, there was a need to make a statement due to speculative news in the media about our football player Wout Weghorst," the statement read. "The claim that there is an exit clause in our football player's contract, stating that his contract can be terminated with a compensation of 2.5 million Euros in case of an offer from the Premier League, is fictitious. "However, the news that the player in question will leave the team on Tuesday is completely untrue. The initiative regarding Wout Weghorst belongs entirely to Besiktas Gymnastics Club. "We also state that if there is a development on this issue, our esteemed community and the public will be informed." Erik ten Hag was incredibly coy when he was asked for an update on United's pursuit of Weghorst following the 3-0 League Cup triumph over Charlton. “No, unfortunately, I can’t," Ten Hag declared as his wait for attacking reinforcements rumbles on.