Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp was involved in an embarrassing moment during an interview with former Manchester City defender Nedum Onuoha. The German clearly didn't know who Onuoha was when he spoke to him after the FA Cup third-round tie against Wolves. Liverpool were held to a 2-2 draw at Anfield on Saturday. The visitors left feeling aggrieved that a potential winner was ruled out for offside due to inconclusive evidence being available to VAR. Klopp therefore may have been relieved to still be in the competition when he spoke to the media after the match. But that didn't stop him from being caught up in a classic moment. Onuoha has worked as a pundit for ESPN since hanging up his boots as a player in 2020. He was given the responsibility of interviewing Klopp after the match at Anfield for the broadcaster. But it was clear Klopp was none the wiser to who he was being interviewed by. Onuoha asked the Liverpool manager about some tackles during the match. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Klopp replied by questioning whether Onuoha had ever played before. He said: "In this moment, I'm not sure if you played football, but these kind of things happen." Onuoha kept it together and completed the interview without mentioning the slip-up. But it was brought up during Monday's edition of ESPN FC, in which Onuoha appeared. The panel replayed the section of the interview and laughed at the incident. They also compared Onuoha's playing career to that of Klopp, showing that the ex-England under-21 international had made 426 senior appearances, many of which came in the Premier League, compared to Klopp's 347. Onuoha started his career at City and played over 100 times for the club. He was a regular at QPR between 2012 and 2018, turning out over 200 times for the London side, before finishing in the USA with Real Salt Lake. DON'T MISSArsenal can target three other Barcelona players after Eric GarciaChelsea could sign Joao Felix permanently as possible swap presents itselfRonaldo's girlfriend has strict Saudi rules to follow with ban on public eating  Onuoha says he would have responded to Klopp if he was in a better mood. He said: "Do you know what? If he was in a good mood, I probably would have said something back. "But he wasn't in a good mood at all. And I thought for my first time interviewing someone so significant in world football, if I bit back it might turn into some sort of argument. "So I thought there's the content, I'll let you guys enjoy it, and we'll move on, get a bit more from him. I thought I did alright." Onuoha also belittled the one trophy Klopp won during his playing days. He continued: "The Baden Cup winner what? With who? Excuse me? Oh gosh, there's only one winner there, only one winner. Let him know."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here