Novak Djokovic admitted that he was taking "a lot" of anti-inflammatory pills to maintain his hamstring injury during the Australian Open. The Serb admitted that he didn't like resorting to using the tablets after earning what he thought was his "best win of the year" over Alex de Minaur 6-2 6-1 6-2 to advance to the quarter-final. Djokovic advanced to the quarter-final of the Australian Open on Monday as he dropped just five games against de Minaur in their first-ever meeting. The world No 5 has been carrying a hamstring injury but didn't need any treatment in the round-of-16 tie and looked his dominant best, and later confirming that his thigh felt a lot better during the match as he explained exactly how he was trying to manage it amid his quest for a record 10th title in Melbourne. "Tonight it wasn't obvious that I was dealing with an injury," he told Jim Courier after the two-hour match. "I didn't feel anything today so today was great. I thank my medical team, my physio, I thank God, anybody that really helped me." Djokovic still didn't want to get ahead of himself just set, as he added: "I keep on going, I don't want to celebrate too early. I'm still in the tournament, I was feeling very good in the first match, second match not so great so I know that things can change reallyquickly and I don't take anything for granted. I'm really pleased with the way I played, with the way I moved today, the way I hit the ball so let's keep it going." JUST IN: Stefanos Tsitsipas sent revenge warning ahead of Lehecka clash  While there were some concerns over Djokovic's injury in the first week of the tournament, the 21-time Major champion has already proven that he can win a title at Melbourne Park while injured as he won the trophy in 2021 while carrying an abdomen tear, and Courier brought up his experience with managing injuries. “Well look, you know you Jim have been through a few injuries in your career so you know how that feels, especially when you’re playing a tournament you don’t know really what is the degree of the injury until you play a competitive match," he responded. "I've been taking a lot of pills these days and it’s not idea but I’m trying to mask the pain," he added before some whooping could be heard in the crowd, prompting Djokovic to crack a joke as he responded: "Not those kinds of pills guys, anti inflammatory pills." The 35-year-old also admitted that he didn't like resorting to the medication but knew he had to during this year's Aussie Open, continuing: "That I normally don't like taking but I had to find a way with my team and take it day by day. Today, as I said, I don’t wanna go too deep into is bc today was the best day so far of the tournament and hopefully stays that way.” DON'T MISSRublev red-faced in Aus Open blunder after 'anyone but Novak' claimBen Shelton brushes off awkward Aus Open question after historic winNick Kyrgios shares rude photo as star undergoes knee surgery  Watch every match from the Australian Open live and exclusive on discovery+ and Eurosport Courier also decided to ask Djokovic why he was beating opponents so convincingly instead of how, and the Serb laughed as he responded: “Because I wanted to.” Going on to discuss the match, Djokovic told the crowd: “I cannot say I’m sorry that you haven’t watched a longer match to be honest, I really wanted to win in straight sets. “Obviously you never know what’s gonna happen on the court. Once you’re on the court you’ve got to deal with a lot of things that are on and off the court so I thought the first four, five game were quite close. One break of serve in the first set, I started feeling I guess more loose, more free to go through the ball and be more aggressive. I felt maybe he was a bit more nervous towards the end of the second and beginning of the third, and that is my opportunity to try to capitalise on those chances.” And the 92-time title winner admitted that he thought it allowed him to produce his best match so far in 2023, adding: “You know, tennis is a very quick, very dynamic sport, things can change in matter of moments, matter of points so I kept my focus all the way through and just played my best match of the year so far.” 