Dawn Taylor (played by Olivia Bromley) has been settling into Home Farm with husband Billy Fletcher (Jay Kontzle) and son Lucas since her father Will (Dean Andrews) married Kim Tate (Claire King). However, despite Kim hoping she would come and work at Home Farm, it seems it’s not the place for the beloved Emmerdale character.  In upcoming episodes, Dawn is chuffed when Rhona Goskirk (Zoe Henry) welcomes her back at the vets surgery. However, she has another surprise in store for Dawn and she offers her the chance to train as a vet nurse. When she hears the news, Kim and Dawn agree to try and resolve their differences. Could this be the start of Dawn and her family breaking away from Home Farm? READ MORE: Tom Chambers pays tribute to Father Brown star Mark Williams While Dawn leaves the business, Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham) steps up and shows Kim her idea to modernise the business’ digital presence. Gabby is thrilled when Kim comes by to talk about the brochure she has been working on. However, Kim leaves her devastated when she claims she’s nowhere near ready to run the business. Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy) gives food for thought and soon Kim is impressed by her work. With Gabby taking on more of a role at Home Farm, could Dawn decide her family should move back into their own place? Elsewhere in the village, Jacob Gallagher (Joe-Warren Plant) is in hospital but worried when David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden) urges him to lie to the police about the stabbing. Jacob is conflicted by his father’s request but agrees to lie to the police. Meanwhile, back at home, David is stunned to learn an offer to buy the shop has come from Eric (Chris Chittell). DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb was 'spying' on Dingles [THEORY]Emmerdale fans spot 'blunder' as Leyla rushes to Jacob after stabbing [REACTION]Emmerdale’s Paddy Kirk star details 'uncomfortable’ filming scenes [INTERVIEW] David feels guilty about Eric’s decision to put is retirement on hold and help him out. But the shopkeeper is relieved he can keep his home and his business. While David is thrilled about his shop, Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi) probes for an update about son Jacob. She is keen to hear what the teen said to the police about the stabbing but David refuses to talk. He reinstates his demand for Leyla to stay away from their son for his own safety. But with David acting shifty and stopping her from seeing Jacob, will Leyla agree to his demands? Emmmerdale airs weeknights on ITV at 7.30pm.