Alex Scott, 38, revealed that back in 2019 she had a brief romance with a “very famous” boyband star from a “big” group. The BBC presenter dished on her encounter with the mystery man in her autobiography, How (Not) To Be Strong, where she explained that the pop star “went out of his way to woo me". Alex admitted she shared “a few kisses” with her unnamed hunk, but did not pursue things further over concerns the romance would have a negative impact on her career. Alex wrote: “This very cute, very famous young guy really went out of his way to woo me. “I won’t reveal his name but he was in a boy band. A big one. And he was very sweetly and doggedly pursuing me. “I had nothing to lose, but kept telling myself that my media career was just starting." READ MORE: Ulrika Jonsson battles Davina McCall over middle aged Love Island She added: “If I got papped with this guy, I would always be known as ‘so-and-so’s girlfriend’ and people would think I’d only reached a certain level by riding off the back of his fame.” The pundit added in an excerpt seen by Mirror.co.uk: “So besides a few kisses here and there, I didn’t take things any further – how stupid.” In her book, Alex also directly addressed the mystery man himself, telling him they might “end up at the same after-party again soon.” The TV star recently stunned fans as she revealed her fabulous transformation after she switched up her signature look. Last week, Alex looked drastically different in a behind-the-scenes photoshoot shared on social media while getting her hair and makeup done. Showing off a new hairdo, the Football Focus presenter revealed she had chopped off her long locks in favour of a sleek bob. Alex posed for numerous selfies to show off her transformation while wearing just a white gown. Posing in front of the mirror, Alex captioned her Instagram post: “… Allow me to re-introduce myself. READ MORE...Annie Werschin, The Last of Us, Bosch and 24 actress, dies of cancer  [NEWS]Jeremy Clarkson fears Charles' Coronation will be the last for England [UPDATE]Priscilla Presley challenges Riley on amendment to Lisa Marie's trust [INSIGHT] “We are calling her Bobbi,” she quipped of her new style in view of her 1.7 million followers on Thursday. It wasn’t long before Alex’s celeb pals and fans inundated the comments section of her post to compliment her on the haircut. Fellow The One Show star Alex Jones, 45, gushed: “I love it Al x.” Former Countdown host Carol Vorderman, 62, added: “OMG I love her.” Fans also chuckled over Alex comparing herself to SpongeBob SquarePants due to the trim, with one adding: “Looks good..SpongeBob....I get it now.” Another almost mistook Alex for Will Smith’s wife, writing: “I thought it was Jada Pinkett you look amazing xx.” Alex has become known for her luscious long hair, but fans seem to love her new style just as much. The sporting star sang along to music in her mirror selfie video, in which she could be seen with clips in her hair and makeup products covering the table in front of her.