Economy 7 is an energy tariff with two rates, providing cheaper off-peak rates over a seven-hour period at night. The Energy Price Guarantee limits the unit price of energy, but as Economy 7 involves two different rates, the supplier can choose how much An email to one Octopus Energy customer, seen by Express.co.uk, read: “Due to the updated Ofgem Price Cap, some Energy Price Guarantee rates are changing in January. “This is because the Energy Price Guarantee is tied - imperfectly - to the Ofgem Price Cap. At a practical level, this means price changes - some up, some down - to Energy Price Guarantee electricity rates in many regions.” The email detailed that the customer’s electricity unit rate would increase by eight percent while their other rates would remain the same. Economy 7 customers Joan and Keith Johnson spoke to the BBC about their experience. They were previously with Bulb, which has now been taken over by Octopus Energy. READ MORE: British Gas pledges new support including £250 credit for certain struggling customers  Appearing on BBC One, Keith said: “I think we’ve been forgotten. Us on Economy 7, I think we’re being penalised. In January, they put them up more than they have them on a standard tariff.” He said he asked Bulb two years ago to be put on a standard tariff but they were put on a waiting list and have not made any progress since. The couple said they rarely use their appliances at night so they don’t get the full benefit from the cheaper off-peak rate. A spokesperson for Bulb and Octopus Energy told Express.co.uk: “We’re sorry for the delay Keith experienced. The team has since been in touch with Keith to help him switch tariffs.” The BBC spoke to a woman from York on the Economy 7 tariff whose energy bills are going up by more than £300 a year with the price hike.  Simon Francis, from the End Fuel Poverty Coalition, told BBC One: “The costs of these tariffs are going up, and they’re going up in spite of the fact that we are supposed to be in a situation where prices are locked in and people can budget with confidence, knowing what their energy bills are going to cost.” The Energy Price Guarantee is increasing in April, with average energy bills to go up to £3,000 a year. A Government spokesperson said previously: “We know it is a difficult time for families and businesses across the country, which is why we are delivering on the energy price guarantee which will save the typical household around £900 this winter, compared to undiscounted energy prices under the price cap. “This is on top of all households receiving £400 off their energy bills. From January, the level of Government support will increase to account for increases in the Ofgem price cap, keeping a typical bill in Britain equivalent to around £2,500 a year.” READ MORE: Sky joins DWP scheme offering £180 off broadband to people on benefits - who is eligible?  Ofgem increased its energy price cap by 20 percent at the start of this year, to £4,279 a year. Consumers are protected from these prices by the Energy Price Guarantee, with the Government paying the difference. Research from Cornwall Insight found energy bills could decrease this year, falling to around £2,200 a year from July. Analysts from the group said: “Our forecasts show prices in the second half of 2023 remaining below the Energy Price Guarantee (EPG) level, and therefore will not cost the Government any money from July. "With wholesale prices still well above pre-pandemic levels, the lower cost of the scheme is likely to spark conversation on the additional energy bill support the Government may now be able to offer households." All UK households are receiving a £400 discount off their energy bills. People in England, Scotland and Wales are receiving the money in instalments. The money was paid in two £66 instalments in October and November last year and in £67 instalments from December to March this year. People in Northern Ireland are to receive the £400 discount in a single payment, as part of a £600 payment. Consumers on prepayment meters have started to receive a voucher for the £600 payment, which has to be redeemed at the Post Office.