Pierre Gasly has called out one of F1’s biggest 2023 rule changes just weeks before the start of the season. The AlphaTauri star said Saturday sprint races were yet to dazzle and stressed it had not yet proved it was worth having more events. F1 will expand the format from three events to six for 2023 with short races set to be run at the famous Belgium Grand Prix. However, Gasly has questioned F1’s motivation for the move, stressing that money over spectacle was a major factor in the decision. He commented: “Personally I really like the normal format with the qualifying on Saturday and then one Grand Prix on Sunday. Sprint races – I see the positives financially for the organisation. “In terms of spectacle, it still hasn’t proved to me that it’s worth having more and more races. So in my opinion, the normal format is better.” READ MORE: FIA face Gasly headache as new F1 rules cast uncertainty over ritual The mini races, with a traditional qualifying scheduled for Friday evening, will also feature at the Austrian Grand Prix, United States and the Brazilian GP in Sao Paulo. The first sprint event of the season is scheduled for the Azerbaijan Grand Prix in April while Qatar will also host a sprint weekend on the country's F1 return. F1 has tweaked the financial rules to ensure teams are not affected by sprint weekends. The cost cap allowance for each sprint race will double from £124,000 ($150,000) to £248,000 ($300,000) to take the strain off constructors. However, several drivers have questioned the format which first made its debut at the 2021 British Grand Prix. Mercedes star Lewis Hamilton warned F1 had to be selective over the locations for the sprint to ensure it only featured at places renowned for overtaking opportunities. DON'T MISSTwo F1 drivers called 'big kids' and warned about risks of messing up [INSIGHT]Red Bull teen prodigy lifts lid on life under so-called 'angry' Marko [COMMENT]'Five F1 drivers face ban in 2023' as FIA urged to 'rethink' penalties [ANALYSIS] Meanwhile, reigning champion Max Verstappen has stressed the events were “not really a race” as drivers were too concerned about making a mistake. He explained: “Every time I do these [sprint] races, it’s about ‘don’t get damage, make sure you stay in the top three. “For me, that’s not really a race, because you go into the main race and you know there are way more points available anyway, you just risk a bit more there. You do another start, which is exciting, but it’s only really people who are out of position that move forward because only you put a tyre on that just lasts a whole stint and not much happens. “I don’t understand what the problem is for that, because we’ve had so many exciting races, so you don’t need to add one-third of a race distance.”