Brian Walshe has been charged with the murder of his wife, Ana Walshe, after she disappeared at the beginning of this year. He appeared at 8am EST today in court for an arraignment where he had a not guilty plea entered on his behalf.  Walshe, 47, was escorted by authorities to Quincy District Court before the hearing. He was originally detained for misleading police over the disappearance of Mrs Walshe, 37, who was reported missing on January 4. He has since been charged with murder and disinterring a body after prosecutors found evidence they believe implicates him in her death. Prosecutors alleged that Mr Walshe murdered his wife and disposed of her body, citing DNA evidence, physical evidence as well as a list of Google searches made in the days just before and after her disappearance. Authorities also pointed to GPS phone data allowing them to track Mr Walshe's movements in the days after.  He was allegedly seen on CCTV disposing of trash bags in a dumpster on January 3, after his wife is thought to have disappeared. Prosecutors read out a long list of Google searches they say he made, including "how long does DNA last" and "can baking soda make a body smell good". Mr Walshe is also said to have Googled "dismemberment", "what happens when you put body parts in ammonia" and "can you identify a body with broken teeth". Prosecutors said further Google searches were made for "hacksaw best tool to dismember" and "can you be charged with murder without a body". READ MORE: Prince Harry warned against 'jeopardising his mother's legacy'  After searching for Mrs Walshe, investigators said that a number of holes appeared in her husband's story, including a trip to Home Depot to buy $450 of cleaning supplies on January 2. The couple have three sons, aged two to six. Investigators say disturbing finds include a knife with Mrs Walshe's blood on it in the basement and a hacksaw at a rubbish dump. Mr Walshe appeared relaxed and looked on as prosecutors detailed his movements and searches around the time of her disappearance. His attorneys did not contest bail or probable cause and Walshe will be held without bail until February 9 when a status date will take place over Zoom. 