And 70 percent have thought about quitting work altogether as they struggle to find a suitable arrangement for their kids. The challenge is even harder for part-time workers, with 77 percent admitting they have considered resigning so they can look after their children themselves.  Two-thirds of working parents even said they would take a pay cut to get more flexible childcare benefits. Bills for childcare have risen exponentially in the last decade and are now the biggest household cost for many. According to the Office for National Statistics and children’s charity Coram, full-time daycare for children under three can cost 65 percent on average of a parent’s wage. The survey for the childcare app Bubble found around 47 percent of mums and dads rely on friends and family to help out. This has a knock-on effect on grandparents, with 23 percent saying they had retired early to help with babysitting and 13 percent dipping into their savings and pension pots to help pay childcare costs.  The survey also found a staggering 83 percent of parents need more flexible childcare. Mum-of-two Jody Smith, 43, wants to work more hours and earn more money. But the freelance creative agency writer, from London, said: “It’s really difficult to find childcare that matches the pattern of my working life at a cost I can afford. “If I have a last-minute meeting or I’m offered a late-notice job, I’d love to earn the extra money but we need flexible childcare.” The Government provides tax-free childcare, worth up to £2,000, from formal providers, such as nurseries and childminders. But while 1.3 million families are eligible for the support, around 800,000 do not claim it. They are likely to be flexible workers who need support to match. In the survey 85 per cent said they would be more likely to claim the benefit if it could be spent on a broader range of providers. Bubble co-founder Ari Last said: “The pandemic changed our working lives forever. Parents no longer work 9 to 5, Monday to Friday – and they need help.” 