It is genuinely hard for a Labour leader to lose a fight with a Tory Prime Minister over the NHS, it is a subject so dear to the hearts of Labour members and supporters and one which the public overwhelmingly trusts that party more with even in their lowest times. Yet somehow Sir Keir Starmer has contrived to come out worse on exchanges for two weeks in a row on his party's core subject. As the Labour leader got to his feet he noted the time was "three minutes past 12" and asked the Prime Minister how long someone with chest pains could expect to get an ambulance if he called one at that moment. It was a blunt question and one which has genuinely worried people around the country because, let's face it, ambulance response times have been appalling almost wherever you live. But far from being cowed or embarrassed, Rishi Sunak got to his feet and came right back at his opponent. "Why won't he (Starmer) support minimum service standards legislation" in regards to strikes? While the Labour leader dismissed such points as a "distraction" he nevertheless skipped around not explaining why he was not in favour of ensuring ambulances are available during strikes. Instead, he pointed out that in Tory marginals the wait from 12:03pm would mean the ambulance would on average not arrive for hours. It would be 2:10pm in Peterborough, 2:20pm in Northampton and 2:40pm in Plymouth. But Mr Sunak is not a man to be befuddled by uncomfrtable facts, it seems. "What about Labour run Wales?" he asked. "The waiting times are even worse there." To which he realed off a series of measures in England being brought in to tackle the problem before turning again to minimum service guarantees during strikes. "He (Starmer) won't aswer because he is in the pay of the unions," he blasted. And there is Sir Keir Achilles heal which he struggled to come back from even after resorting to the tragic case of Stephanie, a 26 year old cancer patient who died waiting for an ambulance. READ MORE: Barclay warns that striking nurses pay demands will hurt vulnerable His final attack that the Prime Minister was "playing political games with the NHS" rather rang hollow when he had just used a young woman's tragic death to try to blame Mr Sunak for a problem affecting the UK including in the parts run by Labour and the SNP in Wales and Scotland. But as one Tory MP pointed out, quoting former Labour leader Tony Blair, Labour "greatest weakness is its links to organised labour." There is no doubt that while the strikes have divided puvlic opinion they have given Mr Sunak a platform to fight on. Labour may still have a 20 plus point lead in the polls but with Sir Keir missing on key topics again there is some hope for the Tories that the Prime Minister can somehow engineer a shock turnaround. DON'T MISS Starmer is talking like a Tory on NHS reform and everyone is angry [INSIGHT] Sadiq Khan ‘falsely & dishonestly’ manipulated results of car usage [REVEAL] POLL: Will you read Boris Johnson’s memoir? [INSIGHT]