Emmerdale viewers were somewhat distracted during the storyline as Leyla Harding (played by Roxy Shahidi) seemed to defy the laws of science by magically re-emerging after being trapped in a locked room. The villager instantly knew where David (Matthew Wolfenden) would be when the alarm was raised he had done a runner with Amba (Ava Jayasinghe). After she tracked him down, he locked her in one of the rooms and fled with his daughter, only for Leyla to appear back in the village moments later. The lack of explanation left fans wondering what happened as they asked: "How did she do that?" When a terrified Priya worked out David had run away with Amba because he didn't want her moving to London, Leyla decided to find him herself. "How did you find me?" David asked when he answered the door to Leyla. "I looked in your emails," she replied. "The receipt for this place was in there." "David, what were you thinking?" she asked her ex. READ MORE: Prince Andrew is 'using 'Harry's attacks' to 'clear his name' Later, Leyla was trying to convince David to forget his plan to run away and take Amba back to her mother. "I can't lose Amba, I just can't," David stated. "So you either call the police on me right now, or you get out my way." Initially, Leyla stepped away to let him pass but quickly changed her mind. As he left the room, she called: "Do you know what, David? I will - I will ring the police." "Alright, you win," he commented, before shoving her into a room and locking the door shut. "David!" Leyla screamed as she tried and failed to free herself. "I'm sorry," he replied, before asking the kids to grab their stuff so they could leave. Minutes later though, Leyla joined the search party to inform Priya she'd tracked him down. DON'T MISS... Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to 'very loyal' co-stars [LATEST]Andrew Neil rips into Jeremy Clarkson over 'nasty' Meghan column [VIDEO]Channel 5 viewers 'struggle' to watch 'contrived' drama The Catch [REACTION] Her unexplained escape from the holiday let left fans confused, and several took to social media to question how she'd managed it. Twitter user @Mel_Navan asked: "#Emmerdale did they jump a scene? Leyla got out how? Summer couldn't get out of the one on #corrie." @alexdavenport4 posted: "How. The. Hell. Did. Leyla. Get. Out? #Emmerdale." @EnfieldGarry also questioned: "How did Leyla get out? #Emmerdale." @stevebethere joked: "Breaking News: Leyla is now an escape artist. #Emmerdale." @SJHampson1 quipped: "#Emmerdale Leyla escape room champion 2023." @flicksfan remarked: "#Emmerdale Was worried about Leyla being locked in the bedroom of an empty house. Didn’t she get out quickly? Houdini or what!" However, @Gillianapply pointed out: "She kicked the door in, she told David." @funkygibbons commented: "Leyla kicked down a door for Priya but didn’t for Jacob…l don’t blame her, I’d be the same. #Emmerdale." Emmerdale continues on Friday at 7.30pm on ITV.