Silent Witness continues this evening (January 16) on BBC One at 9pm. The Lyell team will face a new case which will be airing tonight and on Wednesday (January 18) with a very sinister story. This time around the show will be taking a look at the dark side of social media, where nothing is ever as it seems. The team will be looking behind the picture-perfect profiles of a group of influencers with nothing quite as it seems on the surface. Additionally, the team will be enlisted by a pregnant detective, who calls on them for some help. The main cast will be reprising their role including Emilia Fox as Dr Nikki Alexander and David Caves as Jack Hodgson. Actor Aki Omoshaybi is again portraying Dr Gabriel Folukoya and Alastair Michael as Velvy Schur. READ MORE: Silent Witness viewers distracted by Jack Hodgson's new appearance Rhiannon May will be reprising her role as Cara Connelly in the new episodes. The two-part story has been written by Jim Keeble and Dudi Appleton. While Bindu De Stoppani takes on directing duties this week. Here’s a look at the cast of the new case and where you may have seen some of them before. Star - Hannah Rae Hannah Rae takes on a major role as Star, which is also the name of the two-part story with the actress previously featuring in Broadchurch, City of Tiny Lights, Carmilla and Whitstable Pearl. Jay - Lewis Griffiths Lewis Griffiths stars as Jay and the rising star has also featured in Isolation the Series and will be appearing in the upcoming Becoming Everything, which is post-production. Amy Nystrom - Amy Marston Amy Marston appears Amy Nystrom and she counts credits in Holby City, Summer of Rockets, Manhunt, Showtrial and the movie Operation Mincemeat. DI Zari Abbas - Meena Rayann Meena Rayann takes on the part of DI Zari Abbas after appearing in Netflix’s cult favourite Warrior Nun as Yasmine Amunet as well as parts in Little Birds, The Mauritanian and Game of Thrones as Vala, among other roles. Gary Brandon - Alastair Natkiel Alastair Natkiel plays Gary Brandon and the star counts credits in Line of Duty as Lee Banks, Two Sides and will be appearing in The Testing Point, Run and Cash Collectors. Julie Switzoff - Daisy May Wood Daisy May Wood features as Julie Switzoff after parts in The Bastard Son & The Devil Himself, War of the Worlds, Father Brown and Doctors. Mia Falshaw - Jemma Moore Jemma Moore portrays Mia Falshaw following on from roles in Wonder Woman, Host and Lockwood & Co. Sean Jones - Craig Miller Sean Jones is played by actor Craig Miller, who has also been in Huge, Lie Low, Finding Akira, The Intent and Professor T. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb's true identity in Nicky twist [THEORY]Holly and Phillip spark backlash as fans demand new DOI hosts [VIEWER REACTION]Happy Valley fans 'work out' Hepworth's link to Tommy [INSIGHT] Abby Prain - Bronte Terrell Bronte Terrell stars as Abby Prain and viewers may recognise her from Hollyoaks as PC Franks as well as parts in Father Brown, The Hoobs, Vampire Academy and Doctors. Maggie Locke - Anjela Lauren Smith Anjela Lauren Smith will be taking on the part of Maggie Locke after playing Dinah Wilson in EastEnders as well as parts in The Cut, The Shadow Line, Swiped and Doctors. DS Trent - William Frazer William Frazer plays DS Trent and has starred in Almost Never, The Parables Retold, The Jack in the Box and will be starring in The Man at Table 9. Other guest cast members include Bella Maclean as Sara and Darragh Hand as Kai Locke. Silent Witness airs on BBC One tonight at 9pm