Jake Paul has left a rather brutal comment on Molly-Mae Hague and Tommy Fury's Instagram pages after the announcement of their baby daughter. Fury and Hague released a joint post on Instagram announcing that their daughter was born on January 23, days before Fury and Paul agreed on their fight date in February as well as prior to them going face-to-face in the ring on Saturday night. After Hague and Fury posted the image of them holding their baby after birth, Paul commented: "just in time to watch your dad get knocked out." It's a comment that hasn't gone down well, with dozens already responding to Paul. One writing: "This isn't the time or place", with another stating: "Have some respect, Jake." Paul and Fury announced their fight last week, with the two finally set to meet in the ring after two previous announced bouts were cancelled, with them both now signing a contract to fight in Saudi Arabia on February 26. Paul had some harsh words for Fury when speaking to the MailOnline, where he stated that Fury is 'caught up in the wrong lifestyle' and 'doesn't really know who he is'. Fury told Paul that his boxing career will be over after their fight next month as they met in the ring after witnessing Artur Beterbiev's fight with Anthony Yarde.  In the caption after announcing their baby, Hague wrote: "One week old today. I can't believe we get to keep you forever. Becoming your mum has been the best thing to ever happen to me. It doesn't seem possible but my love for you grows with each passing moment. "There is no feeling like holding you in my arms little one, my heart literally explodes. Thank you for entering this world safely for us and blessing us with the gift of being your parents. We promise to love and care for you unconditionally forever." This past weekend, Paul apologised for inadvertedly leaking that Hague had given birth, before going on to write the comment on her Instagram on Monday.  Paul and Fury both come into their upcoming grudge fight with an undefeated record, having gone back and forth with each other for 18 months. Fury has recently vowed the birth of his daughter will not affect his fight preparations, with him telling the BBC: "I've got my sole sight focused on Jake Paul. By the time I get in the ring I'll be an absolute specimen and I'll be able to dismantle this man very quickly and very early."