As celebrities start to get unmasked on the hit ITV show, many viewers have been keeping an eagle eye out for clues to try and rumble each character's identity. Elaine Paige has been a common name suggested for Knitting, although the singer has refused to address fan theories.  Although the vibrant ball of wool nearly had their identity exposed last weekend after ending up in the bottom two, they narrowly missed elimination as Cat and Mouse were sent home. Taking to the stage to sing the song Memory from the musical Cats, it wasn’t long before viewers started to think it could be original singer Elaine underneath the odd costume. The 74-year-old appeared on Thursday’s instalment of Good Morning Britain where hosts Kate Garraway and Ben Shephard didn’t hesitate to bring the suspicions to her attention. Kate asked: "Do you know that there’s a rumour circling that you are the knitting on The Masked Singer? READ MORE:Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz   “The person who is that, you or otherwise, sung Memory from Cats, which is your song.” Probing for an answer from their guest, Ben questioned: “What can you tell us Elaine Page?” Although it looked as though the 74-year-old was remaining tight-lipped on any speculation as she tried to dodge the probe. She replied: "Well I can’t can I? I mean we don’t want to give the game away, I couldn’t possibly say.     The Good Morning Britain hosts wanted to know if she enjoyed knitting herself, phishing for more information on whether there was any truth to fan theories. Elaine replied: “Well I’ve had a go at the ol’ pearl and plain in my day and the clicking of the needles.” With Kate picking up she knew the terms on knitting, Ben joked she usually does research before playing a role which could be the case with The Masked Singer. She replied: “Well, I can’t say any more really, we better leave it there.” DON'T MISS... Coronation Street fans 'work out' Hope Stape kills new family member [SOAP] Vera’s Brenda Blethyn addresses backlash over wait for new episodes [INSIGHT] Coronation Street's Stephen Reid humiliated after his lie is exposed [SPOILER]   So far, clues given to viewers on who Knitting could be includes being someone who is creative and crafty. There were also nods to them being a West End performer after a curtain tie was shown along with them being a trained singer. Knitting appeared to have a Lancaster accent in their videotape along with a magpie being shown. The riddle they gave to the judges and viewers at home to try and help work out who they are was: “Knitting is easy, it's the crossing of sticks. Count all your stitches, there should be 26.”   Although Knitting delivered a showstopping performance, they had to go head-to-head with the show’s first double act Cat and Mouse, who the judges decided to send home. When they were unmasked, viewers were shocked to discover it was husband and wife duo Martin and Shirlie Kemp who were singing all along. Touching on whether or not their son Roman Kemp knew they were appearing on the show, they revealed he was completely in the dark. Shirlie commented: “No this is going to embarrass him. Most people say they are doing it for their kids." Martin added: "We're doing it to embarrass them." The Masked Singer continues Saturday on ITV from 7pm