Leeds United hero Mateusz Klich has teased a potential move to Elland Road for none other than Robert Lewandowski ahead of tonight's game between the Whites and Cardiff City. Klich recently left Leeds to join MLS side DC United on a free transfer and will be remembered fondly by the club's supporters after forming part of the squad that reached the Premier League under Marcelo Bielsa before helping to keep them in the top flight over the last few seasons. Klich received an emotional farewell at Elland Road earlier this month in the match between Leeds and West Ham United but will reportedly be given a proper send-off ahead of tonight's meeting with Cardiff City in their FA Cup third round replay. The Polish international had one last joke for Leeds supporters on Twitter prior to leaving Yorkshire for good, with Klich posting a cheeky reply to one of the club's tweets earlier on Wednesday.Leeds hinted at a pre-match appearance by Klich with a single tweet, which read: "Advice for tonight: Make sure you’re in your seats early," followed by a Polish flag emoji. Klich himself decided to get involved in the fun by jokingly claiming that the Whites were preparing to announce the signing of Lewandowski, replying: "Good luck @lewy_official, it is amazing club you will love it."Klich's post gained thousands of likes and drew a response from Leeds' official account in the form of a GIF with the caption: "That's Klichbait." It seems as though he will continue to be a popular figure at Elland Road in spite of his departure to the MLS given his love for the club, which he laid bare in a passionate statement when his move to DC United was confirmed earlier this month. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'blocks Harry Maguire transfer bids' "The supporters of this club are unlike anyone else, which is perfect for me," said Klich. "I feel that you understand me as a player and as a person, and I understand you and represent you on the pitch too. I think this is the meaning of the 'Klichousery.'"It is always special to me and my family to hear you chant '20 yards' or '30 yards' and these are the moments I will never forget. From me and my family, thank you Leeds fans. I want to say thank you to Victor Orta for bringing me to Leeds and for believing in me after the first year when many others didn't. "I would also like to thank Marcelo and his staff for giving me the opportunity to succeed. To Jesse and his team, I wish you all the best for the future. I would like to thank all of the backroom staff at Thorp Arch from the medical team to the kitchen staff and beyond. You have been amazing."Klich will now be looking to make the best possible start to his new life in the United States with DC United after signing a two-year contract with the club, who finished bottom of the Eastern Conference in 2022. He will be managed by Wayne Rooney and is widely expected to emerge as one of his new side's most important players when the new MLS campaign gets underway in late February. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.