King Charles predicted that Wrexham football club would help put the ‘town on the map’ and has been proved right after the club reached the fourth round of the FA Cup. The Welsh side was bought by Hollywood stars Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney in 2020, with the duo hoping to help bring success to the team. Wrexham have seen their on-field performances improve in the years since Reynolds and McElhenney completed their takeover. The club currently sit top of the National League after missing out on promotion last year as they were beaten by Grimsby in the play-off semi-finals. They were also beaten by Bromley in the final of the FA Trophy. Their A-list ownership has also helped boost the club’s international reputation, with the eyes of the world now fixed on north Wales. The Red Dragons were also the subject of a Disney+ documentary ‘Welcome to Wrexham’, broadcasting the inner workings of the club to an international audience. The focus will again be on the side this weekend as the lowest-ranked team left in the FA Cup. Wrexham will enjoy a home tie against Championship side Sheffield United as they seek a place in the round of 16. The club’s progress in the competition has helped prove King Charles’ prediction right, with His Majesty believing they would help put the town on the map. Following a visit to the Racecourse Ground in December, the King said: “A little earlier today, I had the opportunity to see one of the other wonders of Wrexham, namely the football club, which is busy putting Wrexham on the map as never before.” Meanwhile, Reynolds has described his part in the Wrexham story as one of the privileges of his life after being taken aback by his welcome within the town’s community. "This isn’t hyperbole when I say it has been the great privilege of my life to be a part of this incredible project and something that I’m quite sure I’ll be a part of until the day I finally close my eyes to this weird, dumb show,” he told the Metro. "I’ve enjoyed every second of it. Not just the football club, but the community of Wrexham, the way they’ve embraced Rob [McElhenney] and me. It certainly was an unorthodox kind of proposition when we came in but putting community first … we didn’t really necessarily come in with that ethos. "They taught us that when we looked at the community and so it’s been a really beautiful experience, top to bottom. Win or lose. We just adore every aspect of this community and this club." Wrexham's match against Sheffield United kicks off at 4.30pm on Sunday with the game broadcast live on BBC One.