The third season of Star Trek: Picard is tipped to be the final outing for the titular starship captain, Jean-Luc Picard (played by Patrick Stewart), and will premiere this February on Paramount+. However, ahead of the sequel series’ highly anticipated return, Sir Patrick has revealed he’s still open to boldly going where no man has gone before. Sir Patrick and Picard producer Alex Kurtzman have revealed they’re both willing to continue the series beyond its third season. The latest Star Trek outing was confirmed to be coming to an end this year with a final reunion for Picard and the entire Next Generation cast. So far, the series has reunited Picard with the likes of Data (Brent Spiner) and Seven of Nine (Jeri Ryan). Other Star Trek legends such as LeVar Burton, Marina Sirtis and Jonathan Frakes are confirmed to return for season three, which is hoped to bring a satisfying end to the Next Generation story. READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash However, the series lead has now hinted the crew could return for more sci-fi adventures if the third outing proves popular. “If we can maintain the work that we did on seasons one, two and three of Picard, then absolutely, yes,” Patrick said. “Because there is still enormous potential for narrative in what we’ve been doing, and there are doors left open, still. We didn’t close all of them.” Patrick, 82, has suggested the third season could still conclude with some unanswered questions and loose ends to be tied up in future instalments. Although Trekkies’ responses to the series have been divided, the next season could course-correct the Star Trek franchise and set Picard and his crew in search of more final frontiers. The actor is certainly no stranger to reprising roles thought to have been left in the past, as he recently returned as Professor X in Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. With his X-Men duties presumably at an end, could one last turn as the iconic USS Enterprise captain still be on the cards? His producer Alex would certainly love to bring Patrick back for more Star Trek, though added the series was always conceived to be a three-parter. DON'T MISS:The Blacklist star didn’t expect to survive eight seasons [INTERVIEW]Ginny and Georgia showrunner 'seals' Paul and Georgia feud [TEASER]The Walking Dead’s Norman Reedus missed co-star’s funeral [INSIGHT] “When we started the series, Patrick [Stewart] and we all talked about really wanting it to just be three years,” he said at the Television Critics Association winter press tour. “Feeling like we could really tell a complete story with the season you’re now seeing as our endpoint.” However, he quickly added: “That being said, anything is possible. “If a show blows the doors off the place, as we’re certainly hoping it will, and we’re very, very proud of season three, who knows?” Despite middling reviews for its second season, this year’s instalment of Picard could bring new life back to the world of Star Trek and revive the series for future generations. Indeed, the show is still going strong, with new outings of Discovery and Strange New Worlds coming up this year, as well as animated fare like Prodigy and Lower Decks. There are also still talks of a fourth film in the works to potentially continue Chris Pine’s stint as Captain James T Kirk, with several scripts currently in development. Star Trek: Picard season 3 premieres Tuesday, February 16 on Paramount+.