Nadia Sawalha, 58, looked back on her body confidence issues as she reflected upon how far she has come when trying to accept her body. The Loose Women panellist took to Instagram to write a lengthy reflection about body confidence in view of her 522,000 followers. She shared a video featuring a series of pictures of herself in a bikini, or wearing revealing clothes, with other photos showing her side-to-side with models in the same pose. One black and white throwback photo, which appeared frequently throughout the clip, showed Nadia trying to cover her body with her arms while wearing a bikini on the beach. The other snaps featured a happy Nadia smiling confidently for the camera in recent years. In the caption, Nadia began: “CELL U LITE … so the **** what !! .. so much time wasted hating on myself …” The TV star went on: “The black and white photo was taken by @the_mcgiff twenty years ago... Look how unhappy I was... Horrified that a photo was being taken of me in a bikini… Desperately trying to cover my body… “Well you can see from the pics decades later that body acceptance, not confidence (who is truly confident) not body positive (I don’t really know what that means) but body ACCEPTANCE is where to find the joy... “Look how joyful I am! The world doesn’t stop turning if you can find a way to accept yourself…” Nadia finished her reflection adding: “‘Those that mind don’t matter and those that matter don’t mind.’ “To anyone that’s letting the nasty voices live rent free in their head today… It doesn’t have to be like that forever… Trust me … I promise...” (sic) Nadia was praised by friends and fans who took to the comments section to reflect on the social norms around the body. Jozakx penned: “I truly love this. You are striving to change this horrendous culture we live in. “This is slowly but surely being chipped away at and I hope to see the day when we can all be happy within our own bodies without social media trying to tell us we shouldn’t be. bravo to you x.” (sic) DON'T MISSDenise Welch fumes as Meghan's blamed for Morgan and Clarkson sacking [LATEST]Debbie McGee’s home she shared with Paul Daniels is 'in jeopardy' [NEWS]Riley Keough's husband speaks on her behalf at Lisa Marie's memorial [INSIGHT] Kate.elizabeth_23 added: “You're awesome Nadia. We need more celebs like you.” Emily.gatti commented: “Nadia you are beautiful inside and out. Kind, caring and flare- the full bloody package! Xxx” (sic)  She said: "Over the years I have tried every diet known to man, and all I ever did was diet, lose weight, and put on the weight." She also admitted she struggled with completely eradicating certain foods: "If someone says to me not to have something, I become completely obsessed with it. "I don't eat it but then I binge on it." Nadia's solution to this ongoing issue, which had gone on "throughout her whole life", was the 16/8 intermittent fasting method. "A few years ago I discovered 16/8, which is a method of eating where you fast for 16 hours and eat for eight."