California police officers shot dead a double amputee on Thursday as he tried to clamber away from them on his stumps after leaping out of a wheelchair. The three cops from Huntington Park Police Department were filmed firing at least eight shots at Anthony Lowe Jr., a 36-year-old father-of-two. According to two police officers, Lowe Jr had just stabbed someone. He then turned and tried to flee the scene, clutching a large butcher's knife in one hand. A second police car arrived, from which a third cop emerged. First, they tasered him - which was "ineffective", police said. Within 15 seconds of the third officer arriving, they fired multiple shots, hitting Lowe in the upper torso. Once he was on the ground lying on his stomach, they placed him in handcuffs. READ MORE: Tyre Nichols death sees emergency medical responders fired as they 'didn't do anything' "The suspect was tased at least twice by Huntington Park Officers but the deployment of the taser was ineffective,"  the LA County Sheriff's Office release said. "The suspect attempted to throw the butcher knife at the officers again, at which time an officer involved shooting occurred." The 36-year-old was pronounced dead at the scene. Family members of the man are calling the shooting murder. DON'T MISSVideo shows boulder nearly crushing woman inside her home [LATEST]Father of kids fatally strangled begs for wife's forgiveness [REPORT]Woman accused of poisoning her friend with a cheesecake [UPDATE] Lowe's family and members of the Coalition for Community Control Over the Police held a news conference in front of the Huntington Park Police Department Monday, condemning the shooting as another example of police brutality. The officers involved have not yet been named. The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department is now leading an investigation into the officer-involved shooting. The pofficers who fired are now on paid, administrative leave. The incident comes three weeks after Tyre Nichols was beaten by officers during a traffic stop in Memphis, Tennessee, three days before he died. Five officers were fired last week and charged with second-degree murder in relation to Mr Nichols’ death. Two more Memphis police officers were disciplined and three emergency responders fired in connection, officials said Monday.  Memphis Police Department officers used a stun gun, a baton and their fists as they pummeled Nichols during the nighttime arrest. Video shows Nichols running away from officers toward his house after he was pulled over on suspicion of reckless driving. The video footage released Friday shows the 29-year-old father calling for his mother and struggling with his injuries as he sits helpless on the pavement. The five officers chatted and milled about for several minutes as Nichols remained on the ground, but there were other authorities on the scene. Two Shelby County sheriff’s deputies also have been suspended without pay while their conduct is investigated. Express.co.uk has reached out to Huntington Park Police Department for comment.