The issue over the attendance of Prince Harry at King Charles's Coronation presents a parallel with the late Duke of Windsor, formerly known as Edward VIII, a historian noted. Buckingham Palace has so far remained tight-lipped over who will be included in the guest list for the historic event. A number of charity representatives, foreign royals, Government officials and faith leaders are likely to be part of the congregation gathering at Westminster Abbey on May 6 for the event. But all eyes are now on whether King Charles will invite his second son Prince Harry and his daughter-in-law Meghan Markle to watch him being crowned and anointed by the Archbishop of Canterbury. Dr George Gross, Visiting Research Fellow in Theology at King’s College London, acknowledged it's very difficult to know at the moment whether the Duke and Duchess will be in attendance, also given the state of the relationship between the Sussexes and the Firm. But he noted history presents a parallel dating back to the last Coronation, which took place 70 years ago to crown Queen Elizabeth II. He told Express.co.uk: "Obviously, the historian's parallel is that of Edward VIII who, of course, did not attend the Coronation and that was a state's decision, or rather it seems that it was Churchill's decision. "That's because this is also a state function, so in some ways it's also up to the Prime Minister to decide and provide his advice." Dr Gross stressed the parallel between Harry and Edward VIII isn't perfectly fitting. He said: "The possible parallel is Edward VIII, but that's actually elevating Harry's status as he hasn't been a King." Edward VIII abdicated in December 1936, less than a year after acceding to the throne, when asked to choose between marrying American socialite Wallis Simpson and fulfilling his duty and destiny. Following the King's abdication, his younger brother acceded to the throne as King George VI, making in turn the heir to the throne the then Princess Elizabeth. Edward VIII was given the title of Duke of Windsor and lived most of his life in exile in France with his new wife Wallis, Duchess of Windsor. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'abandoned' by royals despite 'olive branch' invite Some 17 years after the abdication, Prime Minister Winston Churchill resolved the conundrum over the possible attendance of the former sovereign at the Coronation of Elizabeth II. Documents at the National Archives show the Duke of Windsor was told to inform the press an ex-monarch would not be allowed to attend the Coronation of a new one - Elizabeth II, who had acceded to the throne in February 1952. Sir Norman Brook, the then Cabinet Secretary, wrote in his official minutes that Mr Churchill had "advised him not to come to coronation". Sir Normal also wrote: "He will say to press that it would not be consistent with usage for Coronation to be attended by any or former ruler." Considering the difference in status between Prince Harry and the Duke of Windsor as well as the fact the Duke of Sussex is the King's second son, Dr Gross also said: "In general, you'd anticipate most of the core members of the Royal Family being invited. And while he still remains a designated stand-in it would seem unusual for him not to be there." Dr Gross referred to the fact Prince Harry can still be counted as one of the Counsellors of State, royals who can be drafted to fulfil some Constitutional duties in lieu of the King's absence or temporary illness. However, a recent act passed by Parliament has included Prince Edward and Princess Anne among the stand-ins that can be chosen by the monarch to act in his name, lowering the chances for non-working members of the Firm to ever be drafted. Buckingham Palace, Dr Gross added, will likely strive to keep the focus on the monarch on his Coronation. Speaking of the Sussexes' attendance, he added: "I think it's a real unknown, if you have them there does it make that a story? If you don't have them there, does that also make it a story? "I think what the Palace will want to do above else, whoever the guests are, is to keep the focus on the monarch." Dr Gross is leading with Dr David Crankshaw, Lecturer in the History of Early Modern Christianity at King’s, research on the "British Coronations Project c.973–present", a comprehensive analysis of what these events reveal about our past, our present and about ourselves.