Chelsea have made Noni Madueke their sixth signing of the January transfer window but his arrival could have unintended consequences for manager Graham Potter. The Englishman is under intense scrutiny at the club after a poor run of form and while he has been publically backed by Todd Boehly he could quickly find himself out of a job if things do not change. Here, Express Sport explains three ways that the arrival of Madeuke could put more pressure on Potter as the former Brighton boss looks to turn his Chelsea tenure around. No excuse for goalscoring form It is no secret that Chelsea have been poor in front of goal this season. In fact with just 22 goals in 19 games, there are only seven teams in the whole of the Premier League to have found the net fewer times over the course of the campaign. It has been the biggest issue holding the club back as they languish in the disappointing position of 10th. With Madeuke joining Mykhaylo Mudryk at Stamford Bridge the Blues have an embarrassment of riches in attacking positions. It is difficult to see how the club will continue to score as infrequently as they currently do with no hiding place or excuses for Potter if the run goes on. What system to play With Chelsea's squad now chockablock with attacking players it is tricky to see how they will all fit in. Potter will be tasked with finding a formation to get the best out of the range of talent at his disposal and finding a coherent way to fit them all in will be no easy task. If the 47-year-old fails Chelsea will miss out on European football, which would be a disaster for the club, not least in their battle against Financial Fair Play regulations. It is impossible to see how Boehly would stick by his manager in that scenario, leaving the Englishman on the lookout for a new job. DON'T MISSArsenal allowing player to leave hints at first January signing for ArtetaMan Utd boss Ten Hag confirms fresh injury blow and Weghorst debut planMudryk could sting Arsenal twice as Edu set to pay price for transfer failure Squad harmony Chelsea's bloated squad is almost certain to breed unhappiness in some quarters as players inevitably miss out on game time. The likes of Hakim Ziyech, Christian Pulisic and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang are likely to find themselves well down the pecking order. The situation will only get worse in summer when Christopher Nkunku arrives and Romelu Lukaku and Callum Hudson-Odoi return from loan spells. Departures are certain but they may not be enough to maintain harmony within the squad. Player power was partly behind the departures of Frank Lampard and Thomas Tuchel and should it manifest itself again, which appears likely, Potter could well follow.