Andy Murray was back on site at the Australian Open today just eight hours after his latest ever finish as the tournament boss insisted he will not change the scheduling. The Scot finally beat Thanasi Kokkinakis at 4.05am local time after starting his second-round match at 10.20pm in the Margaret Court Arena. The three-time Grand Slam winner branded playing so late as “disrespectful” and a “joke” during the match and later branded the timing as a “bit of a farce” and potentially dangerous for health. “If my child was a ball kid for a tournament and they're coming home at five in the morning, as a parent, I'm snapping at that” he said. Murray, who also played the longest match of his career at five hours and 45 minutes, was undergoing his rehab at Melbourne Park today and could take to the practice court for a gentle hit before facing Roberto Bautista Agut in the third round tomorrow. Tournament director and Tennis Australia CEO Craig Tiley went on Channel 9 today to defend the scheduling after the second-latest finish in the event’s history. Lleyton Hewitt and Marcos Baghdatis finished at 4.34am in 2008. Tiley said: “There are so many variables that go into thinking about how you’re going to make it work each day. “Over the last few days we have had extreme heat, we’ve had over five breaks of rain … so we’ve had three late nights with scheduling trying to catch up with matches,” Tiley noted. “But generally a women’s match is about an hour and a half and a men’s match a little over two and a half hours – that’s the length of match you work your schedule around. “There is always one, and it is hard to schedule the entire event around the potential that happens one time. You’ve also got to protect the matches. If you just put on one match at night and there’s an injury you don’t have anything for fans or broadcasters. MUST READ: Kokkinakis smashes racquet as Andy Murray wins epic point at Aus Open Watch every match from the Australian Open live and exclusive on discovery+ and Eurosport “But you are always going to have an out-of-the- box situation where like last night it goes extra long unexpectedly.” The night sessions start at 7pm local time - and Tiley said that timing will not change. He added: “You would expect from 7pm to 12am [the evening session] in that five-hour window, you would get two matches. We also have to protect the matches. If you just put one match at night and there's an injury, you don't have anything for fans or broadcasters. “At this point there is no need to alter the schedule. We always look at it when we do the debrief like we do every year, we've had long matches before, at this point we've got to fit the matches in in the 14 days so you don't have many options.” World No 1 Carlos Alcaraz and Jannick Sinner finished at 2.50am at the US Open last September. Channel 9 commentator and former quarter-finalist Jelena Dokic added: “At the US Open we always have matches that go to 3 or 4am - it is normal in tennis. Not a lot of other sports have that. Yes it’s tough but I don’t think anybody thought this was going to go on for six hours.” Eurosport analyst John McEnroe called the scheduling “insane”. The seven-time Grand Slam winner said: “I am stunned in disbelief that they were still playing at that hour. For starters, it was insane that matches at that level are played 4-430am in the morning. Murray, we knew he had a heart of a champion, that goes without saying, but that's you know, him digging and deeper than I've ever seen him with everything he's been through. “It makes me personally, as an ex-player, proud to look at these tennis players – Andy, in particular, Kokkinakis, you feel for him, but it's one of those moments where you feel proud of your sport and you see guys giving 110 per cent for 5.5 hours. “While on the one hand, it is historic, you also worry, you know about the consequences down the road. There's recovery, when you could even possibly think about going to sleep, how do you even look at the next opponent? “Those are things for tomorrow and you hope that in some way there could be some type of level of recovery but just enjoy the moment - you put a smile on everybody's face. It was one of the most insane things I've seen in all my years watching tennis. “I would say to Andy Murray that you make our sport shine. The never give up, never say die mottos that you hear, cliches. You would send his way right now because this is about the love of the sport more than anything else. His desire to compete, to go out and just give what he's got. “This guy is one of the great players of our era that is not talked about because of what the other three top guys have accomplished, but he's a legendary player and I think that these type of matches cement his reputation even though the likelihood of recovery is not high. I would hope he can enjoy the moment and hope that he can rebound to some extent.” Murray, who went to bed at 5.30am on Friday morning, will be back in action on Saturday night in the first match in the evening session on the same Margaret Court Arena at 7pm local time (8am UK time).