Fears of a second mass mobilisation grow as Russian lawmakers offer subtle hints that they are abandoning the Russian rule that exempted fathers of three or more children from mobilisation. For weeks, Ukraine has predicted Putin would call a further 500,000 conscripts to the front line on top of the 300,000 he tried to mobilise last year, but despite the subtle law change, Vladimir Putin has so far denied the plan for another mass mobilisation.  Russian MPs have also proposed a law to provide the National Guard more power to enforce a military draft and another that lets them confiscate property from Russians who escape abroad. Various Russian regions have also reported that commissars have been instructed to draw up lists of men of fighting age, which could be another sign of a coming mobilisation. Reports from Russia have also stated that factory managers have also been asked which workers they can provide for the army. The activities echo what happened amidst Putin's first mobilisation, as shortly after Putin's call to arms in October, the despot signed laws designed to increase the breadth of people who can be called upon.  MPs have also proposed a law to provide the National Guard more power to enforce a miitary draft and another that lets them confiscate property from Russians who escape abroad. Various Russian regions have also reported that commissars have been instructed to draw up lists of men of fighting age, which could be another sign of a coming mobilisation. Factory managers have also been asked which workers they can provide for the army. The activities echo what happened amidst Putin's first mobilisation. Shortly after Putin's call-to-arms in October, the despot signed laws designed to increase the breadth of people who can be called upon. READ MORE: Zelensky knows Boris Johnson is a man who can get things done In September 2022, Russia called for the partial mobilisation of 300,000 military reservists after several months into the war in Ukraine, which is the first time the country has done so since World War Two. The announcement proves unpopular among some Russians, as it led to the arrest of more than 750 people according to the Russian human rights organisation OVD-info. The Novaya Gazeta, an exiled Russian newspaper known for its critical coverage of Vladimir Putin, has said the Kremin’s decree states that up to one million Russian men could be mobilised. Now, it has been reported that in Moscow, the mayor’s office is currently hiring more staff to deal with another conscription, and some civil servants' holidays have been cancelled. It’s also been speculated that Russia is planning to extend the time conscripts doing national service could be extended from 12 months to 24 months in order to have them fight in Ukraine, which could also cause a backlash among Russians. Professor Mark Galeotti, a Russian analyst, has said he believes Vladimir Putin is aware of the political cost of everything he does and also knows the political backlash of using conscripts, as most are just “kids” who are in the military to complete their national service.  DON'T MISS:Boris urges West to 'double down' on Kyiv support against Putin [REPORT]Putin will be finished if he loses war in Ukraine, warns ex-MI6 boss [REVEAL]A dog and a cuddly toy cow are helping in war, says Ukraine fighter [INSIGHT] Last month, Vladimir Putin has also signed into law the military mobilisation for Russians who have committed serious crimes, as Russia continues to look for new ways to recruit soldiers. Those who can be mobilised and those with unsealed criminal records, but excludes people who have been convicted of child sexual abuse, spying, terrorism and treason. Experts have said that Vladimir Put is attempting to test the resolve of Ukraine’s allies in the West by continually reinforcing the Russian army. Konrad Muzyka, head of the defence consultancy Rochan, has said that if Russia announced another mobilisation, and continues to expand its army, it could cause the war in Ukraine to last for years to come. 