A mother is terrified for her family after a man was fatally stabbed on her street late on Saturday night. Kiran was spooked after a neighbour banged on her front door several times at around 11.15pm. She didn't open the door and later found a neighbour had been attacked, and was found on the street with stab wounds. The 33-year-old victim was rushed to hospital but police confirmed today he has since died. When Kiran looked out of her window on Saturday night, she saw a woman in her night clothes with two children. She said the woman was shouting that someone had attacked her husband. Speaking to Yorkshire Live, Kiran said: "I was scared. I was worried that the person is armed and is going to kill me." Police sealed off several residential streets in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, as they investigated the stabbing yesterday. It is believed neighbours have been assisting with enquiries. Kiran said: "He came out of the house and fell down near a green bin. Everybody started helping him." "He was saying 'help me, save me, call an ambulance'. He was holding his tummy." The mum said the injured man was praying and saying "Allahu Akbar" ("God is Greater"). The incident has left neighbours unable to sleep. Kiran said: "My son can't sleep. He was talking about it."  Detective Chief Inspector Damian Roebuck, of the Homicide and Major Enquiry team at West Yorkshire Police, said: "This is a very serious incident which has resulted in the death of a man at his home in Huddersfield. Extensive enquiries are being carried out to establish the full circumstances surrounding this incident. "We recognise this incident will cause concern in the community, we are working closely with our colleagues in the local Neighbourhood team who have stepped up patrols in the area to provide reassurance. I would like to appeal to anyone who was in the Thornton Lodge or Lockwood area on Saturday night and may have seen something suspicious to come forward. "Officers are also looking for any CCTV or dash cam people might have to help in the investigation." Anyone with information is asked to contact Police on 101 or via the Live Chat options at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/contactus quoting crime reference 13230026309. Information can always be given anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111  