There is always a temptation to characterise a small group holding out against the wishes of the establishment as "hardliners" or "swivel eyed loons" (as one of David Cameron's advisers was fond of saying). In Britain, it was true of the 22 Maastricht rebels in 1992 and then the 28 Brexit Spartans in 2019 who resisted Theresa May's compromise deal with the EU. Now, in the US, 20 Republican representatives are refusing to back group leader Kevin McCarthy to replace Nancy Pelosi as House Speaker. Just like their Brexiteer predecessors in Britain, these hardy souls in the GOP are not mad, as their critics would like to portray them, but fed up of a cosy establishment where the leadership of the two main parties make backroom deals and America's elected representatives have less and less accountability. In 1992, a parliamentary establishment of the main parties was preparing to surrender a large part of Britain's sovereignty to Brussels without any recourse to the British public and against a background of public anger towards them. In 2019, the EU referendum vote for Leave was about to be betrayed by the cosy parliamentary establishment again and the Brexit Spartans ensured that surrender deal of Mrs May did not succeed. But arguably things in Washington DC are even worse. The Swamp, as it is often referred to, has somehow avoided being drained and instead become increasingly murkier. To understand the fury that has led to an impasse in the House of Representatives we only need to listen to the lucid speech by one of the Republican Spartans - Texas Representative Chip Roy. He was one of 20 Republicans who voted for Representative Jim Jordan instead of the GOP group leader Kevin McCarthy as Congress thrice failed to elect a new House Speaker to replace Nancy Pelosi. The House will today attempt to elect a Speaker for a fourth time after adjourning yesterday to attempt to resolve the issue in true DC style - behind closed doors. But McCarthy is on his final attempt and a failure to elect a Speaker could leave Congress in gridlock. For someone to be elected they need to have an absolute majority of the 435 representatives not the the most votes and so far the Democrats have stuck with their man Jim Jeffries, giving him 212 votes while the Republicans have split 202 for McCarthy and 20 for Jordan. READ MORE: McCarthy 'squatting' in Pelosi's office as chaos paralyses House Rep Roy, whose speech can be watched on the video on this comment piece, made it clear he had nothing against McCarthy personally. But in a sardonic note he looked around and said: "So this is what the chamber looks like, we are actually debating and the bodies are in the chairs. How many times have we been down here giving speeches and there is not a soul in the chamber? "This is what it takes to get 435 people in the chamber and have an actual debate. "The American people are watching and that is a good thing." He insisted that it was about the "direction of the country" with Americans wondering how Congress could pass a budget of $1.7 trillion "which is unpaid for" and how some have language specific to prevent protections being erected on America's southern border with Mexico. The border is experiencing a massive immigration crisis which makes the one on the English Channel look like small fry. DON'T MISS'Trump 2.0 can Make America Great Again' [INSIGHT]'President Trump will be back in White House by 2024, all signs show' [REACT]US House adjourns without choosing Speaker after Republican revolt [REVEAL] As a Texas Representative, the migration crisis on the southern border is perhaps as much a major motivating factor for Roy as it is with Tory MPs in the UK whose local hotels are being crammed with illegal migrants. But there was also a much wider issue for Roy too. "That bill gets rammed through - and we know exactly how it gets rammed through - because the defence world and the non-defence world come together and say 'you know what, we are going to cut a deal and we will all go to the mikes and we will all give speeches' and the American people are the big losers." He added: "That's what happens, we know that's what happens. The rules committee sits up there and passes a bill, sends it to the floor and we have no debate on the floor of this body. "We have not been able to offer an amendment on the floor of this body since May of 2016." It is a cold, factual, damning indictment on the way politics operates in DC. For those of us who think that Westminster has its problems - and it does - it comes nowhere near touching the dysfunctionality of the cosy establishment on the Hill. It would be impossible to think of the Opposition not laying amendments to motions and bills in Parliament or for proper detailed debates not to take place on everything from motions to legislation. Yet that is what happens in Congress. The packed chamber of the Commons for something like PMQs or the Budget in Westminster is virtually never the case for the House of Representatives in the US. In that sense, Roy and the 20 GOP Representatives are saying "enough is enough". But more importantly, they are essentially vocalising why Donald Trump remains a contender for the Presidency. When he was elected in 2016 it was a shock to the establishment, the first serious democratic act since the US civil war to break their cosy relationship. That is why many Make America Great Again (MAGA) Republicans still back him to run in 2024 and why his candidacy, despite poor midterm results, has not gone away. The disappointing Midterm results in November have actually triggered a battle for the soul of the party. The establishment Republicans moved fast to blame Trump and MAGA candidates. It did some damage to Trump to the benefit of rivals like Florida governor Ron DeSantis. But it was pointed out that the DC GOP leadership like McCarthy and even more Senate minority leader Mitch McConnell diverted resources away from swing states and to their own allies. McConnell has just celebrated becoming the Senate's longest-serving group leader in US history. But many think it is he, even more than McCarthy, who should be facing being ousted in a vote. Peggy Grande, former White House staffer for Trump, told Express.co.uk that McCarthy's woes "might be a good wake up call for him". She added: "I wish McConnell had faced the same pressure." It is a sentiment held by many Republicans. Even so, Trump has until now backed McCarthy although last night he gave a "wait and see" warning suggesting he may offer support elsewhere today. But whether McCarthy wins out or not what the events have underlined is that the old cosy establishment backroom conversations in Washington need to come a end and the desire for a disruptor like Trump in the White House is not going away.