The former Countdown host launched into an anti-Tory rant on This Morning as she demanded the Prime Minister be investigated for insider trading. Speaking to Alison Hammond and Dermot O’Leary, she called for more "accountability and transparency" from the government. It was reported Rishi Sunak co-funded a hedge fund with shares in Moderna but he insisted he put his assets into a blind trust. Carol Vorderman called for Sunak to be investigated for insider trading. She stated: “Rishi Sunak, our prime minister, co-founded a hedge fund. “It invested in the last few year, one billion pounds in Moderna shares. READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row “Rishi Sunak said he has put all his assets into a blind trust.” She continued: “He has refused to whether he holds assets in the hedge fund and therefore in Moderna. “That man came out in front of 10 Downing Street and said accountability and transparency and all of this. “If you are true to your word Rishi Sunak, do you own shares in Moderna because if you do, are we now talking about insider trading.” Carol is not the first celebrity to take aim at the Tory party as Sir Rod Stewart called for a change of government on Sky News. The singer called into Sky News and claimed the NHS needs to be “rebuilt” as he supported the recent “strike” action taken by nurses. Sir Rod generously offered to pay for patients to have important scans so they didn’t have to wait. He explained: “I have been watching the programme all day and yesterday I went for my yearly scan, which is private obviously. DON'T MISS...Carol Vorderman reignites feud with ex-pal Michelle Mone with rant [VIDEO]Rod Stewart NHS outburst 'not surprising' as Carol Vorderman weighs in [INSIGHT]Carol Vorderman, 62, turns heads in skin-tight red leather [PICTURES] "I was 20 minutes late and I phoned in and said 'I'm terribly sorry, I will be there', I got in there and said 'I am so sorry I am late.' "And they said 'Don't worry at all we have only got a couple of customers today.' I won't tell you where it was. “But my point being, this is ridiculous. It seems ridiculous that my clinic was empty and there are people dying because they can't get scans. "Now listen, I don't need the publicity, I just want to do some good things and I think this is a good thing." Sir Rod continued: “I personally have been a Tory for a long time but I think this government should stand down now and give the Labour Party a go, this is heartbreaking. "In all my years in this country, I've never seen it so bad... this is a bad time for us in Great Britain, it really is. "Change the bl**dy government. If other people follow me I would love that." This Morning airs weekdays on ITV from 10am.