Many people will be looking for ways to ease the cost of living this year and are being reminded cooking in batches could save the average household up to £1,000 per year on their food shopping and energy bills. Dunelm has partnered with Suzanne Mulholland, AKA The Batch Lady, to create quick, cost-effective recipes that can be batch-cooked using typical store cupboard ingredients. Her suggestions could help customers save money and feed a family of four from as little as £2.97 per meal. Preventing food waste can save the average family around £1,000 a year and there's no better time to start than January when most people's budget needs to stretch a bit further. The Batch Lady has created three adaptable recipes to help prevent food waste using common cupboard and kitchen staples that can be cooked in batches and frozen. Suzanne has written three cookery books as well as a handy meal-planner and is a regular on TV shows such as This Morning. She said: "It’s always been my aim to inspire people to cook great family food by taking the hard work out of preparing meals." READ MORE: Bad habits to avoid if you don't want to pay £285 more on energy bills  Her first recipe, Turkey, Chorizo, Butter Bean and Kale Stew, will enable people to use up any leftover turkey. Suzanne said: "This is great served with some steamed rice or crunchy bread. If you have used up all your Christmas turkey, you can always use chicken. "Simply cut up three chicken breasts into chunks and fry along with the chorizo. If you don't have butter beans, this dish works well with lots of other beans. Why not try chickpeas or borlotti beans?" The cost for the recipe is £3.34 which excludes the leftover turkey. DON'T MISS:Premium Bonds winner in 'disbelief' after £1million prize win [INSIGHT]Households may be able to claim refund on their TV Licence [UPDATE]Benefit payments for pensioners to increase in 2023 [ALERT] The Batch Lady's second recipe is Asian Pork Burgers which is really easy to make. Suzanne added: "These burgers are so easy to make and are a lovely variation to the normal beef burger, with pork mince typically cheaper than beef mince too. "They are a great one to batch as they freeze really well and the whole family can get involved with mixing and shaping the patties. The slaw gives a lovely crunch, this cannot be frozen, but it takes no time to make." The cost to make these four burgers with coleslaw is £4.66 which is cheaper than making ordinary beef burgers.   The savvy mum also suggests using up leftover brie, leek and cranberry to make delicious potato skins. She added: "These loaded potato skins are a great way to use up leftover Christmas cheese and the remains of the cranberry sauce. "If you don’t have brie, you could use up any cheese leftovers, like cheddar, camembert or stilton. These are a great one to batch as they freeze really well and can be cooked from frozen when needed." The cost for four potato skins is £2.97 and people can substitute the ingredients with other leftovers they may have. The Batch Lady previously spoke to Express.co.uk about how Britons can save over £1,000 a year just by planning their meals in advance and batch cooking. She said: “You can make a ‘batch lady’ fish pie in five minutes, salmon and pesto parcels in five minutes or stuffed chicken breasts in 10 minutes. “It’s just all about what you make and how you make it. Many of the dishes I show people how to make are prepared in advance and cooked on the night. “If you’re trying to achieve a lot of meals in a short space of time, simply plan your recipes so that you have some that need cooking such as Bolognese or a curry, mixed with some that don’t need cooking straight away.” 