Aston Villa manager Unai Emery is ready to hand his former club Arsenal an influx of cash in the January transfer window as Mikel Arteta's hunt for attacking reinforcements rolls on. Emery is reportedly keen to reunite with Gunners midfielder Mohamed Elneny at Villa Park this month. The newly-appointed Villa boss has entered his first transfer window at the club and will want to start moulding the squad he inherited from Steven Gerrard to his liking. And he could resort to a familiar source to strengthen his midfield engine room as he seeks a top-half Premier League finish in his maiden campaign. According to the Mirror, Villa are eyeing a swoop for Elneny this month amid the 30-year-old's status as a backup option in Arteta's plans. It's a somewhat surprising move by Emery, who didn't share the most positive of relationships with Elneny at Arsenal. However, the report claims the pair have since brushed over their differences and that the Villa boss recognises the qualities he could offer in the Midlands. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Arsenal are willing to cash in on Elneny, who signed a one-year contract extension in the summer, and have named £6million as his price tag. That said, the Gunners will only sanction his departure if they can recruit a suitable replacement this month. Arteta is eager to maintain strong depth in his squad as Arsenal battle Manchester City for the Premier League title and eye silverware in the Europa League and FA Cup. Villa's interest in Elneny could be a welcome surprise, with the Londoners needing funds to meet Shakhtar Donetsk's £88m demands for Mykhaylo Mudryk. Joao Felix has been identified as a worthy alternative, but Atletico Madrid's hefty loan fee is proving problematic for suitors, including Manchester United. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag slams Red Devils' 'average' transfer deals Elneny made just 17 appearances as a bit-part player in Emery's short tenure as Arsenal manager from May 2018 to November 2019. But he has made strides since his £5m arrival from Basel seven years ago and would offer experience and quality to Villa's midfield ranks. Arsenal's desire to acquire a replacement to facilitate his exit could be a tricky hurdle to navigate, given their focus on Mudryk and Felix. It could lead to Arteta delving into the loan market before the January 31 deadline. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 