Loose Women's Kaye Adams came under fire for not inviting her co-star Carol McGiffin on a reunion night out. Kaye presented the latest instalment of the ITV show with Nadia Sawalha, Sunetra Sarker and Carol when the previous night was discussed. Carol was mortified to learn she had not been asked to attend. Discussing the group's plans from the evening before, Kaye said: "We all had a bit of a night out last night, didn't we? "We haven't seen you for ages Sunetra so the three of us went out." Carol piped up: "Thanks for the invite!" as Kaye explained Carol had not been there. Kaye continued: "[Carol] was out with somebody else." READ MORE: Loose Women's Carol McGiffin erupts in fiery Shamima Begum row However, this did not stop Carol from expressing her annoyance. Sunetra said: "It wasn't planned, it was fortuitous," as she felt bad for her friend. Carol questioned: "Oh, really? Alright" with a sarcastic tone. Kate jumped in with: "We can't keep up with you, that's the problem." Discussing her own plans, Carol said: "I was out myself actually, I was a little bit hungover. "I was out with Jane McDonald actually, lovely Jane." Carol was at the centre of a heated debate recently when the panel were discussing jihadi bride Shamima Begum. She exploded at her Loose Women co-stars as she slammed the BBC for creating a 10-part podcast series about the former Isis member. DON'T MISS... Ruth Langsford shares husband Eamonn's complaintsLinda Robson warns 'I'm coming for them' in swipe at co-starsLoose Women's Carol McGiffin furious with husband over wedding ring Nadia said she was keen to know what Shamima's life was like and it was "important we know about it". However, Carol did not hold back with her counter-argument, saying she should not have been given a platform at all. She fumed: "It is her story, there is no way of checking anything, it is just what she says and she feels." When co-star Charlene White challenged Carol, Carol shouted: "Why her? Why her? "What you are doing is sitting here making excuses for [Shamima]. "I am sorry but a decision has been made and she is not allowed to come back, I don't want to hear what she has got to say. I am not interested." The BBC said the podcast is "not a platform" for Shamima and instead is a "robust investigation into who she is and what she really did".  Loose Women airs on weekdays on ITV at 12.30pm