It has been reported that some of Boris Johnson’s aides had sex at Downing Street during a gathering held while Covid-curbing restrictions were in place. The event in question occurred on April 16, 2021, the evening before the Duke of Edinburgh’s funeral. A number of witnesses at the event saw two separate couples getting passionate with each other while Brits were forced to be apart from their loved ones. At the time of the gathering, it was illegal for people to socialise indoors with people not from their household and gatherings were only allowed for “work purposes”. The gathering saw aides and officials packed into Number 10 for the party, which continued past 4am. One couple were observed “feeling each other up” in a kitchen before moving into a room where they later emerged “flustered”. The other pair were seen sneaking into an office “with the lights off”. Two gatherings were taking place on the April evening as a junior photographer and the director of communications both had leaving celebrations. Approximately 30 people were thought to have attended before the party moved to Downing Street's garden and the group merged together. Former Prime Minister Boris Johnson was not in attendance at the event, which became well-known for partygoers stashing wine in a suitcase when they went to purchase the alcohol at a local Co-op. READ MORE: Harry advised Meghan wear 'little make-up' to meet King Charles Investigations into the Number 10 lockdown parties by the Metropolitan Police, dubbed 'Operation Hillman', saw Downing Street become the most law-breaking address in the country during the lockdown, ITV has claimed. The Partygate scandal was one of many PR disasters for Boris Johnson’s premiership, which led to his eventual departure from Downing Street. Mr Johnson, his wife Carrie, and current Prime Minister, then Chancellor, Rishi Sunak, were issued fixed penalty notices for breaking lockdown rules. A spokesperson for the former Prime Minister told ITV: “During the COVID-19 pandemic, Boris Johnson led our country through its most dangerous peacetime crisis in living memory…during a 24/7 national emergency, he worked constantly to ensure the government did everything possible in its power to save lives and protect livelihoods. DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson joked about 'most unsocially distanced party in UK' (REVEAL)Harry says 'unconscious bias can move into racism' (INSIGHT)Trump allies urge ex-POTUS to 'get the f**k out of Mar-a-Lago' (REVEAL) “The work of Downing Street staff was crucial as they helped marshal the UK’s response to a national emergency.” Additional claims made in the ITV podcast include that there was “an aspect of getting rid of evidence” and comments from Johnson joking about having “the most un-socially distanced party in the UK right now”. These revealing misdemeanours are set to make Johnson’s appearance before the privileges committee rather challenging. The committee’s investigation into the parties at Downing Street will see public evidence sessions begin sometime early this year, which will include the former Prime Minister.