Mikel Arteta will be hoping that a flurry of January acquisitions can help him secure a historic Premier League title success this season. The north London outfit have submitted a second bid to Shakthar Donetsk for Mkyhaylo Mudryk, though he may not be the final piece of the puzzle for the Gunners. Arsenal have made it no secret that Mudryk is their top target this month, and the winger has been vocal about how he would like to make the move to the Emirates Stadium. The 21-year-old is seen as one of the brightest prospects in Europe and will provide another option out wide for Arteta. However, the Gunners lack depth in other departments that could be addressed for minimal fees – with most of their budget focused on signing Mudryk. But who is available? Evan N'Dicka Arsenal are keen to add another left-sided centre-back to their ranks this season, having failed to land Lisandro Martinez over the summer. Evan N'Dicka was cited as an alternative to the Argentina international before the start of the season, and he may be available on the cheap this month. The 23-year-old is out of contract at the end of the season and understood to be available this month for as little as £7million. Although a pre-contract agreement with next season in mind could be enticing to the Gunners, signing N'Dicka sooner rather than later will give them much-needed defensive depth. Youri Tielemans Long-term target Youri Tielemans remains admired in north London, and he could be part of Arsenal’s title charge for under £20million. The Belgium international is unlikely to pen a contract extension at Leicester City and thus will become a free agent at the end of the season. And with The Foxes in need of reinforcements too, offloading the 25-year-old may be a smart move for all parties. Arsenal lack strong depth in the centre of the park and, in a system that relies on midfield dominance, signing Tielemans is a piece of business that should not be overlooked by Arteta. Marcus Thuram Gabriel Jesus’ injury sustained at the World Cup threatened to derail the Gunners’ season but Eddie Nketiah has slotted seamlessly into Arteta’s attack so far. However, Arsenal still lack a different type of forward up top and could look for a more traditional No 9 this month. Borussia Monchengladbach star Marcus Thuram is out of contract at the end of the season and attracting interest from Manchester United, Arsenal and Newcastle amongst other European outfits. The France international has scored 10 in 15 Bundesliga appearances so far this season and could be available for as little as £10.5million, which is a small price to pay for a clinical forward when the Premier League title is on the line.