National Savings & Investments (NS&I) has increased the prize fund rate on Premium Bonds from three to 3.15 percent taking it to its highest level in more than 14 years. It follows an increase in the prize fund rate from 2.2 percent earlier in the year, but does this mean Premium Bonds are competititve with other savings accounts? Millions of Britons will be eagerly awaiting the next Premium Bond prize draw tomorrow to see if they can start the year a million pounds richer. Every month, NS&I crowns two new millionairres with lots of other people picking up cash prizes. Premium Bonds have been popular since they were first introduced in the 1950s but some experts say peope would be better off investing their money elsewhere. That said, NS&I has upped the prize rate four times in the last year so does this now mean premium bonds are as competitive as other savings accounts? READ MORE: Best savings accounts for savers - Top 10 options paying high interest Premium Bonds are a type of savings account allowing people to access their money whenever they need it and buy £1 bonds with a chance of winning cash prizes up to £1million. There isn't an interest rate as such but a prize rate working out at three precent - which is comparable to many easy access savings rates However, people will only earn that if they win so if they have 'average luck' they probbly won't be quids in. MoneySavingExpert founder recently explained: "With Premium Bonds, for every person who wins £1 million, a lot of people have to win nothing."  In the MSE guide to Premium Bonds, Mr Lewis said premium bonds are unlikely to beat current savings rates. He said: "Inflation is still near 40-year highs, so, as the table below shows, the chance of beating inflation with Premium Bond winnings is vanishingly small, regardless of how much you have saved. Unfortunately, with top savings rates between 2 and 5 percent, there's nowhere you can save at a higher rate than the current 10.7 percent inflation figure. "Despite this, you should still get the best bang for your buck where you can."  Ben Rogers, chartered financial planner at Equilibrium Financial Planning, agrees. He said: "Premium Bonds are generally unable to keep up with inflation, meaning that unless you win a big prize, your money will be losing value in real terms, particularly in the current climate. "Premium Bonds could be used to hold some money for the short-term, in order to pay a looming bill, for example. "They are not worthwhile for those looking to hold large amounts of money for an extended period of time." Meanwhile, some regular savings accounts are offering up to seven percent interest right now which is great news for savers. The best paying regular savings account right now is first direct's regular saver which is paying 7 percent for the first 12 months. This account encourages people to save regularly by putting away between £25 and £300 every month.  In second place is the Lloyds Bank Club Lloyds Monthly Saver offering 5.25 percent interest on savings for the first 12 months. 