On January 16, 1945, Adolf Hitler moved into his underground bunker, known as the Führerbunker. Situated near the Reich Chancellery in the German capital of Berlin, the underground living space became the heart of the regime until the end of World War 2. But what happened to the infamous haunts of the dictator's final days? By 1945, Hitler was growing weary as he constantly heard reports of Germany under threat from the West and East, with the Red Army tearing down the Nazis on the Russian Front who, it is said, fell like “a house of cards”. The dictator, his partner Eva Braun, and his dog, Blondi, sought refuge in the 72ft long air raid shelter that could accommodate the leader and 200 staff if an attack was launched. The bunker, sealed beneath 15ft of concrete with a constant water supply, air filtration system, electricity, and 18 small rooms, soon became the “epicentre for his war machine”. Nigel Dunkley, a military historian, told Discovery UK in 2020: “This was where Hitler played out the final scenes of the Second World War. The last hundred days of his life, he moved in here and only briefly, twice, did he ever come out.”    On one occasion, he ventured out to decorate a squadron of Hitler Youth. But most of his time was spent directing what was left of the German army and meeting with his colleagues such as Hermann Goering. Hitler and Ms Braun, who met the dictator while she was working as a model and assistant for his photographer aged 17, married in the bunker on April 29. That month, chief propagandist Joseph Goebbels also moved into the bunker. But the Russians were closing in. Just hours after they wed, on April 30, Hitler, 56, and Ms Braun, 33, killed themselves in the Führerbunker, taking cyanide pills. They first tested the pills on Blondi and her puppies. However, leaving nothing to chance, Hitler shot himself, taking his dreams of his 'Thousand-year Reich' with him. READ MORE: Adolf Hitler's meeting with a locksmith that led to the Nazi Party     A car park is now in its place, situated just under a mile from the well-known Brandenburg Gate. The Soviets blasted the interior of the bunker, filling it with sand. Then, in 1999, construction workers began digging up where it once was, exposing the concrete site for the final time before it was paved over. There had been calls to preserve the site, which had been concealed for decades beneath the no mans-land surrounding the Berlin Wall, which fell in November 1989. But in 1994, a decision was made not to preserve the site, one that was not overturned when the steel reinforcements were discovered five years later, according to Berlin’s development official Peter Strieder. DON'T MISS: Charles urged to 'abandon' Harry and Meghan peace talks  [INSIGHT]Meghan blasted for her 'uncharacteristic' no-show since Spare release [LATEST]Ukraine LIVE: 'Your tanks will burn,' Putin puppet tells Sunak [REPORT]  Many sites connected with the Nazis and Hitler were destroyed as there were fears that they could be revered by neo-Nazis. However, not everyone thought this was the right approach. Dietmar Arnold, who wrote a book on Berlin’s tunnels and bunkers, told the Los Angeles Times in 1999 that the city liked to “take away all bad and dirty traces”. He added: “This is not the right way with history... You can understand the history from this place only if you have everything together.” Today, tourists can go on a tour of the Berlin Story Bunker, a recreation of the place of Hitler’s final days.   