Chelsea have already welcomed several signings to their ranks this month, though they are far from done in the transfer market. The Blues will be working until the final knockings of deadline day as Graham Potter looks to rebuild his squad further. Todd Boehly has splashed the cash this month to rebuild the Chelsea squad, with Mykhaylo Mudryk the marquee signing of the window. The Ukraine international winger joined the Blues from Shakhtar Donetsk in a deal worth £88million, with Potter desperate to add depth to his forward ranks. Noni Madueke also joined the club from PSV, with Joao Felix providing another No 9 option after joining the club on loan from Atletico Madrid. Young prospects Benoit Badiashile, Andrey Santos and David Datro Fofana have all also arrived at Stamford Bridge, though Chelsea are hoping that will not conclude their business. When it comes to incomings, they will hope to announce the signing of Enzo Fernandez from Benfica on deadline day. It is reported that a deal has been reached that will see the club pay £115m for his services, a Premier League record sum. Personal terms have been agreed with the Argentina international since negotiations opened earlier this month, with the player keen to make the move to the Premier League. It is likely that he will be the final incoming of the month for Chelsea, barring a shock bid for previous targets – such as Moises Caicedo and Amadou Onana. Outgoings could therefore become the priority on deadline day, with several players falling out of favour this season since the arrival of Potter. English duo Conor Gallagher and Ruben Loftus-Cheek are attracting plenty of interest, with clubs keen to acquire their services permanently or on loan. Everton submitted a £45m bid for Gallagher on Monday, though reports have speculated that he is not keen to make the move to Goodison Park. Instead, the England international would rather stay and fight for his spot with the Blues – though if he is told that he cannot, Newcastle are waiting to pounce. Wingers Hakim Ziyech and Christian Pulisic have both been targeted this month, with Chelsea’s flurry of forward incomings flagging the pair to the attention of several clubs across Europe. Ziyech has been heavily linked with a move to Serie A, with a return to the Eredivisie also on the cards. Though both players may feel that they have unfinished business in the Premier League and prioritise those moves. Jorginho has also attracted interest and Arsenal consider him an alternative to Moises Caicedo of Brighton. It remains to be seen whether Chelsea’s business goes to plan on Tuesday, or if they continue to shock the footballing world.