In a stunning reversal of fortunes, the second-ever person to grow their net worth to $200billion has become the first-ever person to lose it. Twitter and Tesla boss Elon Musk has responded after his net worth plummeted to $137billion from a peak of $340billion. Mr Musk appears to have taken the free fall in good spirits. The billionaire responded on Twitter to a couple of jibes. The joke parody account, Not Jerome Powell, wrote: "If you’re having a bad year cause you lost a lot of money in the market remember that Elon Musk has lost $200 billion and is still making jokes on twitter." Mr Musk simply responded to this tweet with the hand-shrugging emoji. Twitter user Brianna Wu fired a more critical shot at the Tesla founder. READ MORE: Laughing Elon Musk says 'all conspiracy theories about Twitter turned out to be true' She wrote: "You worked hard this year and lost over 200 billion. I believe that this year you will surpass yourself with even worse decisions." Mr Musk then quipped: "Thanks for paying me $8." This refers to Mr Musk's update that enables users to get a blue tick for a monthly subscription fee of eight dollars. Mr Musk's plummeting net worth is nonetheless astonishing. DON'T MISSBiden preparing for 2024 presidential run [LATEST]Four human skulls found wrapped in aluminium foil [INSIGHT]Idaho suspect kept a low profile, neighbours say [REPORT] In 2022, Mr Musk topped Forbes’ annual billionaires list for the first time, ousting former Amazon president Jeff Bezos, who spent the last four years as the richest person in the world. A year earlier, Mr Musk became the second-ever person to grow their net worth to more than $200billion, months after Mr Bezos did the same. His fortune peaked at $340bn in November 2021. In April, the Tesla and Twitter boss had an estimated net worth of $273.6billion. Two years earlier, he ranked 31st in the world on the Forbes list, with stock shares in his electric vehicle company at $72.24. READ MORE: POLL: Should Elon Musk step down as head of Twitter? Now, the Tesla and Twitter boss has wiped billions of dollars from his fortune, plummeting to $137bn, largely attributed to plummeting values of his shares in the electric vehicle company. That value dropped 65 percent in 2022, according to Bloomberg. Mr Musk was the world’s wealthiest person until December, when European fashion mogul Bernard Arnault surpassed him. The decline in Tesla shares has been so sharp, and Mr Musk has sold so much to help cover his exorbitant $44billion Twitter purchase, that Tesla is no longer his biggest asset, according to Bloomberg. The outlet reports that his $44.8billion stake in the Space Exploration Technologies Corp, or SpaceX, exceeds his roughly $44billion in Tesla stock. Investors have become increasingly jittery after the Tesla founder took charge of Twitter. His hands-on approach and right wing sympathies on Twitter appear to have rocked investor confidence in his business ventures. He has largely dismissed concerns about Tesla's decline, instead criticising the Federal Reserve for raising interest rates.