West Ham United are reportedly resigned to losing Declan Rice this summer in a significant boost to Arsenal's transfer hopes. The Gunners have emerged as frontrunners for Rice's signature, potentially spelling the end of years of speculation about a high-profile exit. Reports on Monday positioned Arsenal at the centre of the frame for Rice at the end of the season, with Chelsea and Manchester United continuing to be linked. The 24-year-old midfielder is out of contract in 2024, albeit with the option of a further year, and seemingly has little intention to extend terms with West Ham. According to the Evening Standard, the Hammers have 'privately accepted' that they have to cash in on Rice this summer. Otherwise, they risk missing out on receiving a club-record transfer fee for one of the club's best-ever academy graduates. Despite their need to sell after Rice rejected several contract offers, West Ham plan to stand their ground on his valuation and will demand over £100million to part ways with the club captain. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE And Arsenal plan to test their resolve, with Rice understood to be open to swapping the London Stadium for the Emirates Stadium. Chelsea and United have been most heavily linked with the established England international over recent years, but Mikel Arteta could now have a free run. The Blues are expected to focus on Benfica midfielder Enzo Fernandez after missing out on his signature this month, identifying Brighton and Hove Albion's Moises Caicedo as an alternative. They are also in the picture for Rice's England team-mate Jude Bellingham ahead of the battle for his services later in the year. Meanwhile, Erik ten Hag isn't expected to pursue a midfielder as aggressively as last summer after the success of Casemiro and Christian Eriksen this season. DON'T MISS: Ten Hag confirms fresh injury blow and explains Weghorst debut plan  Arsenal's surprise Premier League title challenge has made a first top-four finish in seven years look a formality. Their impending return to Europe's premier competition will only make a switch to north London more attractive for Rice and other targets. The report adds that Arteta has made his summer priority a central midfielder and left-side centre-back. He still wants to add a winger to his ranks before the winter deadline after missing out on Shakhtar Donetsk's Mykhaylo Mudryk to Chelsea. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here