A British Airways flight from London has been forced to make a landing in Italy after smoke started reportedly filling the cockpit. The plane landed safely at Catullo airport in Verona, Italy. There are no reports of any injuries to passengers, and firefighters are currently at the scene, according to the website of the Italian daily newspaper Leggo. A BA spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "Our pilots requested a priority landing in Verona as a precaution due to a minor technical issue. The aircraft landed normally and customers disembarked as usual." The airport is located just over six miles southwest of Verona and is situated next to the junction of A4 Milan-Venice and A22 Modena-Brenner motorways. It serves a population four million inhabitants in the provinces of Verona, Brescia, Mantua (Mantova) and Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol. Last month, a BA flight travelling from Heathrow Airport to Nice in France was forced to make return to France "following reports of a technical issue". Flight tracking websites claimed the plane initiated the 7700 squawk code shortly after take off around 5.22pm on December 29 and returned to the airport. The code indicates an onboard emergency requiring priority attention from a nearby airport, but passengers and airport authorities did not indicate any cause for concern. A BA spokesman said the plane had looped back to a new runway after experiencing a technical issue. They added: "The aircraft landed normally after returning to Heathrow following reports of a technical issue. The safety of our customers and crew is always our priority." Meanwhile, British Alrways was heavily impacted this morning after dozens of flights due to leave Heathrow Airport have been cancelled amid slippery and icy conditions on runways. Heathrow recorded its coldest night in over 12 years and coldest January night since 1987 as temperatures plunged to as low as -8.4C. READ MORE: Boris Johnson breaks silence over 'nonsense' BBC allegations   A British Airways spokesman said: "Like other airlines, our schedule has been affected by the continued freezing fog weather conditions experienced across London. "We've apologised to customers whose flights have been affected and are doing everything we can to get them on their way as quickly as possible. We advise customers to check the website for the latest flight information." A Heathrow Airport spokesman said: "Poor visibility is forecast this morning at the airport and across the South East. "While there may be minor changes to today's schedule as a result of the weather, we want to reassure passengers that our colleagues are working in close collaboration with our airline and air traffic control partners to get them safely away on their journeys as quickly as possible. "We encourage passengers to check with their airline for the latest information." 