Neymar's good friend and PokerStars ambassador Andre Akkari has shared how the Brazil squad reacted to crashing out of the World Cup at the quarter-final stage. The South Americans were one of the pre-tournament favourites but failed to get the better of Croatia.  To make matters worse for Brazil, their most fierce rivals, Argentina, went on to win the World Cup to put the icing on top of Lionel Messi's incredible career. Many Brazilians were wondering where their squad would go next as Neymar left the field in tears but Akkarai, who speaks to the Paris Saint-Germain star on a daily basis, has shared how all the players are desperate to make amends at the 2026 World Cup in Canada, Mexico and the United States. "We were speaking through WhatsApp throughout the World Cup," Akkari told Express Sport at PokerStars' PSPC event in the Bahamas. "Before the loss they were super motivated and super excited, training hard and putting in everything they had. "After the tragedy, they were upset but upset in a way that the other players were concerned about how that situation would impact their friends. Whether it was somebody who missed a penalty or somebody who had bad feedback in the media.   "They are sad but sad in a good level, not more than they should be. They cannot be happy of course. They are showing what they are and how much they want that. They are ready for the next one, after one day they start to talk about the next one." Neymar put Brazil ahead during the quarter-final clash with Croatia but Bruno Petkovic equalised three minutes from time to send the tie to penalties. The PSG forward was selected as the fifth penalty taker for the shootout but it never got that far as Rodrygo and Marquinhos failed to convert their efforts. Akkari was handed the responsibility of coaching Neymar and fellow Brazil legend Ronaldo on how to play poker, forming a strong bond with his fellow countrymen. He explained: "I have some huge friends like Neymar, Lucas Lima, Ronaldo, all those guys love to play. Since they're connected with PokerStars in some way I was the guy that coached them and thought them, it's amazing to see.   "I am very close with Neymar, we talk every day, he is a close friend. After things like this happen you start to know the guy and know the person, not just the celebrity and it is much better. "Sometimes away from those guys you believe in some kind of perception that is not true. I know how great they are. "Everything in the news is about them so they are living a different life than us and it is really nice to see how they handle that, manage and prepare their mindset after all of the situations that they went through. "In poker, it is kind of a translation, you can see through poker how people think and perform, it is nice to see Neymar, as a super competitive guy, but he is not focused on just winning he is focused on improving.   "I am all about trying to find evolution. I get some feedback from him and pass it through other people." Akkari is competing at the PSPC £25,000 buy-in this week where the winner will take home an estimated £5million. Away from poker, Akkari is the co-owner of the Furia esports team. 