This year and in the years ahead, it is my priority as Employment Minister to ensure jobseekers get the support they need to find a stable job and progress in work, in turn, supporting our wider mission to spread opportunity and grow the economy. Despite significant international challenges, brought about by the pandemic and Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, the UK labour market continues to show resilience. Our unemployment rate remains low, and there are vacancies in a range of sectors for those seeking a new role. And we are thoroughly reviewing workforce participation to understand what action can be taken to reduce economic inactivity. This year the Government will be driving forward an agenda that will ensure our labour market remains robust in the years to come, ensuring more people are supported into work while growing the economy. We will be relentlessly focused on helping people get into fulfilling jobs and boosting their income. We have already reduced the Universal Credit taper rate from 63 percent to 55 percent and increased the work allowance by £500 per year so claimants can keep more of what they earn. We introduced a new in-work progression offer for those who are in employment and on Universal Credit. We have also announced the biggest-ever cash rise to the National Living Wage, an increase of 9.7 percent, bringing it to £10.42 an hour from April. And this year we are going further to deliver on our pledge to grow the economy and create better-paid jobs. We will extend our in-work progression offer to a further 600,000 claimants already in work; this means more people will be able to hold regular meetings with work coaches to boost pay and prospects.  Last month I saw how moving up the career ladder can change lives when I visited Tesco in Enfield and met John who went from stacking shelves in store to managing over 1,000 people at their Enfield Fulfilment Centre – a remarkable story, which I want to see repeated. As well as helping people to progress in work we’ll be boosting support for the lowest earners through changes to the Administration Earnings Threshold. Those earning below £617 a month and couples earning below £988 a month will have more regular access to a dedicated Work Coach - providing further opportunities to build a secure and sustainable career. And it is great news that today’s figures show inactivity starting to stabilise, meaning more people are engaging with the opportunities on offer. But there is still some way to go, and our support extends to harder-to-reach groups such as older workers, who may lack confidence or digital skills to enter a new field. We are here to support you. Our Jobcentres remain open to anyone who is curious about what job opportunities are available, with our Work Coaches on hand to help people re-join the workforce, no matter their age, skillset or experience. On a recent visit to King’s Lynn, I saw how our Jobcentres Plus network – in collaboration with local employers – is delivering tailored support and harnessing the experience of older workers by helping them into higher-skilled and management-level roles. Our mission is to increase productivity in the UK economy, deliver growth and ensure people have the skills, confidence and support to remain and thrive in employment in the years ahead. Guy Opperman is the Conservative MP for Hexham and Minister for Employment. 