The eastern European country - very much on the Hungarian-Polish side of the EU's cultural Iron Curtain - arguably had a sweet deal before adopting the euro. With the old kuna currency, the euro still had a major role in Croatia's economy, but the country had grown rich without having the straightjacket of eurozone membership, equipped as it was with reasonable financial independence. Now, barely weeks in to the eurozone move and consumers are already grumbling about price hikes. Perhaps these are mere teething problems - and there does seem to be less grumbling about Croatia having joined the Schengen Area (many non-eurozone states like Hungary and Poland are in the free movement zone) - but still, it may presage problems to come. Indeed, Croatia had achieved tremendous success without the euro. Now, harsh words from the country's president may suggest that while Croatia has adopted the single currency, that doesn't mean it will abandon its longstanding conservative position. Just days ago - as rule of law disputes continued to rage between Brussels on the one hand, and Hungary and Poland on the other - Croatian President Zoran Milanović was in Budapest, warning about Brussels tearing the bloc apart, while condemning efforts to penalise Hungary for its alleged rule of law breaches. In warning against a United States of Europe, Milanović echoed the kind of language deployed by other conservative-nationalist leaders in central and eastern Europe for years. Back in 2021, then-Slovenian PM, Janez Janša, said that imposing “imaginary European values” on central Europe could lead to the bloc's collapse.   Meanwhile, late last year, Hungarian leader Viktor Orbán even called for the European Parliament to be abolished. Then just days ago, the Croatian President said “today it is Hungary, tomorrow it will be some bigger country that will need to be ’taught a lesson.’” Interestingly, Milanović added that EU overreach had also contributed to Brexit. Incredibly, Milanović had initially been a figure more associated with the left (although central and eastern European countries generally do not have a "left" as countries like the UK would understand it). He has since been critical of Western policies in the Balkans and Russia, an extraordinary state of affairs given that Croatia has tended to adopt a more pro-Western approach to draw a clear dividing line with the perceived-to-be more anti-Western Serbia. But this criticism of Western action seems to draw Croatia closer to Hungary. It seems that whatever disputes central and eastern European countries have, their shared conservative values and nationalist positions have a unifying quality. In the meantime, Hungary and Poland continue to battle Brussels over accessing EU funds, both countries characterising their rule of law disputes as a disguise for what both see as the real issue for the EU - the conservative-nationalist position of both countries, as well as other EU states in the region.  Late last year, the European Commission held back cohesion funds for Hungary not just over the rule of law dispute but because of what it saw as failings to do with asylum and LGBT rights in Hungary. The EU is also holding back billions of euros in grants from the EU recovery fund. Meanwhile, just days ago, Poland's parliament voted through a bill to apparently settle judicial reform issues within the country. Yet already, some commentators are suggesting the move does not go far enough, and Poland will fear the goalposts are going to be moved again. Nor can the legislation obscure infighting within Polish politics, not least because the ruling Law and Justice party's coalition partner - the nationalist United Poland led by Zbigniew Ziobro - feels the legislation is akin to submission to Brussels. This despite Law and Justice's reputation as a eurosceptic and nationalist party. As this battle continues, it will be interesting to see how Croatia - a country very much in the conservative-nationalist camp of the EU - will fit in. Will its eurozone membership begin to muffle its criticism of Brussels as its financial independence weakens? It is certainly true that non-eurozone states like Hungary and Poland could more easily leave the EU, although eastern eurozone states like Croatia could perhaps join a central and eastern European confederation should such a grouping ever develop, as frustration with Brussels' overreach and liberalism continues. Finally, conservative Bulgaria will be watching very closely to see if it should delay a long-anticipated move to adopt the euro in 2024. 