  Pop star Billie Eilish, 21, was apparently left fearing for her safety following the antics of an alleged home intruder. The singer has since pursued a restraining order against 39-year-old Christopher Anderson.      Eilish claimed the incident, as well as similar cases prior to it, had caused her "substantial anxiety, fear, and emotional distress" over her safety and that of her family. Legal documents obtained by the PA news agency allege that Anderson has turned up "unannounced and uninvited" at her childhood home several times between late December and early January. She went on to allege that Anderson had entered the Los Angeles property most recently on January 5, "apparently professing his love for me and expressing that he really wanted to meet me". "My father and members of the Los Angeles Police Department recently informed me that an individual, who goes by the name Christopher A Anderson or Chris Anderson, recently entered the interior of my family's home on January 5 2023, unannounced and uninvited, after apparently professing his love for me and expressing that he really wanted to meet me," Eilish stated in the documents. READ MORE: Alex Jones on 'losing' her husband as he became 'shadow of himself'      "I have viewed images of this individual and can confirm I have no idea who he is and that I have had no prior relationship or communication with him,” she added. The star went on to explain how the police had been called to the family home on five separate occasions prior to the incident. "Regrettably, this is not the first time an unknown individual has attempted to contact my family and me,” she continued. “Specifically by stalking us outside my family's home and by making professions of love to and threats of violence against me.”     The Bad Guy singer went on to express how upsetting she had found the alleged intrusions. "However, each such occasion, including the present one, causes me substantial anxiety, fear, and emotional distress over my personal safety and that of my father, mother, and brother,” she stated. "I worry that some day one of these individuals will do something violent or extremely disturbing to me or one of my family members." The restraining order also requests protection for her mother and father, Maggie May Baird and Patrick Mead O'Connell, as well as her brother and producer Finneas O'Connell. READ MORE... Tom Bradby 'failed' in Prince Harry doc, claims Libby Purves [NEWS] 'Most beautiful woman in world' Gina Lollobrigida has died [LATEST] Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss [LATEST]       The hit-maker’s request was submitted to the Los Angeles Superior Court yesterday. Eilish is currently dating musician Jesse Rutherford, 31, and has previously defended their 10-year-age gap. Rutherford is the lead vocalist of the alternative rock band the Neighbourhood, who are best known for their number-one Billboard Alternative Songs hit, Sweater Weather. The pair made their relationship Instagram official on Halloween, where they poked fun at those criticising their age difference by dressing as a baby and an old man.      Eilish and Rutherford then went on to make their red carpet debut on November 5, 2022. The Ocean Eyes singer also opened up about their relationship during her Vanity Fair Same Interview, the Sixth Year video. “Yeah, I do [have a boyfriend now],” she revealed to her fans during the interview, which was conducted in October 2022. “And it’s really cool, and I’m really excited, and I’m really happy about it,” the artist added.  