Over time, limescale can begin to form inside of kitchen appliances, including in the kettle. Common in hard areas, not descaling the kettle regularly can corrode the inside of the appliance, meaning it will end up having a short life span. To help Britons tackle the problem, experts have shared easy ways to remove limescale. Mark Greig, head of supplier management at nationwide electrical appliance experts, Marks Electrical, told Express.co.uk: “Whether it’s being used to make a morning coffee or help boil rice for dinner, our kettle gets lots of use throughout the day. “Unfortunately, over time this leads to white deposits, known as limescale, building up in kettles. “Not only does limescale build-up ruin a nice cup of tea, it also affects the efficiency of the appliance as well. “At a time when energy prices continue to rise, it’s never been more important to maintain your kettle and ensure it operates as efficiently as possible, reducing the overall cost of your bills.” READ MORE: Six ‘common’ gardening mistakes to avoid making “Thankfully, removing limescale from your kettle is a fairly straightforward job and is therefore easy to keep on top of. “The most effective way to clean your kettle is with the white vinegar and water method.” To do this, fill up the kettle with white vinegar and water, leaving it to soak overnight. Then, give it a rinse in the morning and you should be able to see the limescale fall off. Another method recommended by an expert involves using baking soda and water. AO.com’s kettle expert, Katy Roberts, explained: “The most effective way to remove limescale from your kettle is to either use a dedicated descale product or a homemade mixture.” DON'T MISS:Electrician shares ‘clever’ curtain method to keep your home warm [COMMENT]Surfaces to ‘avoid’ cleaning with baking soda and white vinegar [INSIGHT]Five tasks you ‘definitely’ shouldn’t DIY [EXPLAINER] This can be made by mixing a teaspoon of baking soda with around two cups of water. Make sure the baking soda is mixed in completely before putting it into the kettle. The expert added: “Pour the mixture into your kettle before boiling it several times. “Once the mixture has been boiling for around 15 minutes, leave it to cool for another 15 minutes. “After this, simply rinse out the kettle with cold water and use a dry cloth or a sponge to wipe down the inside and remove any traces of the limescale that may remain.” READ MORE: David Domoney shares ‘hardest working’ air-purifying houseplant If you clean out your kettle regularly and still find there is an issue with limescale, it may be worth investing in a kettle with a limescale filter. These can be purchased from a variety of different retailers such as Curry’s. Britons could also use white vinegar to clean their kettle, a cheap cupboard staple known to target limescale. Lara Brittain, Kitchen Expert at Currys, said: “It may sound like a bad idea to be putting vinegar in your kettle, but it is actually pretty effective. “Fill the kettle three-quarters full with equal parts water and white vinegar. Boil the kettle and allow it to cool. Pour out the water and rinse out thoroughly a few times. “Boil again with just water and tip it away to remove the aftertaste.” If your kettle still smells of vinegar, don’t use it until the smell has completely gone. If you don’t have access to white vinegar, the kitchen expert also recommended using lemon juice which can produce the same results. Lemon juice, whether fresh or from a bottle, is one of the best natural cleaners thanks to its acidic nature, making it great for a variety of jobs. Lara added: “Descale your kettle once a month to stop build-up using the above methods. Use a water filter to remove the limescale causing hard water. Also use a kettle descaler ball. Just pop it in your kettle and it’ll stop the build-up of limescale. You’ll just need to give it an occasional rinse.”