Nick Kyrgios reflected on one of his rare early losses in 2022 during Netflix’s new tennis documentary series, and confessed that he did “lose his s***” during matches. The world No 21 has a reputation for his outbursts during competition but explained exactly why he “crossed the line” at times while looking back on last year’s Australian Open second-round loss to Daniil Medvedev. Kyrgios enjoyed the best season of his career last year, reaching the Wimbledon final and winning a seventh career singles title in Washington as well as a Grand Slam in men’s doubles at the Australian Open. The 27-year-old had deep runs in almost every event he played last year but had a tough start to 2022 when he drew Medvedev early on at his home tournament, losing to the eventual-finalist in the second round. The world No 8 got the only win of his career over the seven-time title winner in Melbourne Park, downing him 7-6(1) 4-6 6-4 6-2 in a match featuring in Netflix’s new Drive to Survive-style tennis documentary Break Point, which chronicles Kyrgios’ two singles matches and his run to the men’s doubles title in the first episode titled ‘The Maverick’. Kyrgios is seen receiving a code violation and complaining to the umpire after someone shouts out from the crowd, and the Aussie later explains his outburst. “I lose my s*** because of little things happening out there,” he confessed. “I’ve just got such a short fuse, it’s almost like a habit.” JUST IN: Alcaraz told Slams won't matter as teen tipped to surpass Big Three   Meanwhile, the Aussie’s manager Daniel ‘Horse’ Horsfall explains what it’s like to witness Kyrgios’ behaviour from his box. “Watching him play tennis, you get this anxious feeling,” he said. “So much pressure, there’s so many emotions. There’ll be one point where he thinks he should have won and then just goes bang.” Getting honest about his on-court eruptions, Wimbledon finalist discloses that his passion is the reason that he can spiral out of control at times, admitting that he becomes a different person when everything is on the line during competition and needs and outlet. Kyrgios continued: “In the heat of the battle, I’m two different people. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu told two things she must do to be 'best in the world'John McEnroe suffers Australian Open blow with commentary team snubDjokovic names four iconic footballers he would love to play with “Sometimes I do cross the line. That’s just my passion, that’s my emotion. Millions of people watching you and you’re not playing your best, would you not be frustrated and angry? I have to let it out, out there.” Kyrgios went on to face Medvedev twice more in 2022 and beat him on both occasions, when the Russian was ranked at No 1 in the world. The pair met in what was Medvedev’s opening match at the Montreal Masters where the Aussie came from behind to win 6-7(2) 6-4 6-2, and a couple of weeks later he knocked the then-defending champion out of the US Open 7-6(11) 3-6 6-3 6-2 in the fourth round. The first part of Break Point will be released on Netflix on January 13. The following five episodes will be released in June ahead of Wimbledon.