The AFC Championship game is all set and it's a rematch of last season, as the Kansas City Chiefs face the Cincinnati Bengals at Arrowhead. We know that Joe Burrow will be there, but it's not yet certain whether Patrick Mahomes will be fit in time to start the game. Mahomes and Burrow both produced another masterclass in the latest play-off round, but the Chiefs quarterback did so while nursing an injury. The Chiefs star injured his right ankle while being tackled by the Jacksonville Jaguars defence, and instantly began limping. The incident occurred in the first quarter, and he didn't return to the field until the second-half. Mahomes returned with a heavily strapped ankle, and played through the pain as he continued to hop around the field. The Chiefs will monitor him this week, and he may even sit out of practice to try and rest it. It was determined that Mahomes suffered a high ankle sprain in their 27-20 win over the Jaguars, which usually leads to a spell on the sidelines. But Mahomes is keen to power through it, and said after the win that he'd be "good to go" on Sunday. According to NFL Insider James Palmer, head coach Andy Reid said that Mahomes' high ankle sprain is not as bad as the one he suffered in 2019, which is a bonus. However, he will receive treatment this week and be monitored daily. Reid said that Mahomes is planning to play, which is no surprise as no one wants to miss a game of such magnitude. But Mahomes may even skip practice to rest his foot, but continue to play on Sunday regardless. Mahomes has never played without practicing, but could do so this week if he's ruled fit enough to play. Even though Mahomes may return, it's still a blow for the Chiefs who may not be able to practice on the field with their star quarterback. And after the Bengals impressed with their defence this week, that's not a good sign ahead of the AFC Championship game. The Bengals beat the Buffalo Bills 27-10, outclassing Josh Allen and his side. The Bengals offense is firing, and their defence looked the best they have all season. And if Mahomes is not 100 percent, they could have a huge advantage on Sunday.