Tottenham winger Bryan Gil claims that he was 'dying inside' when it looked as though he wouldn't be allowed to flee north London before deadline day. The Spaniard has found regular game time hard to come by under Antonio Conte, leading to the arrangement of a second loan spell in two years earlier this week. Big things were expected of Gil when he arrived in a player-plus-cash deal involving Erik Lamela in 2021. He landed in north London with a big reputation after breaking through at Sevilla and enjoying a fruitful loan spell with La Liga minnows Eibar. Just 31 goalless appearances since suggest that Gil still has plenty of developing to do before he can make an impact in the Premier League. Conte's reluctance to hand him regular minutes left the Spaniard's representatives scrambling to find a solution before the January deadline. A return to Sevilla was sealed earlier this week, following a separate loan spell with Valencia last campaign which saw him impress, although he once again failed to find the net. JUST IN: Arsenal 'eyeing Youri Tielemans bid' as Caicedo struggles continue In an interview shortly after his La Liga return was confirmed, he admitted that the thought of staying on the fringes at Tottenham for another half-season had him 'dying inside'. "I found out last night that I have to travel, in fact I bought a suit because I didn’t have one," he said, per Mucho Deportivo. "Two days ago it was a ‘no’. They didn’t let me go out, I was dying inside because they wouldn’t let me go. "My agent called me at dinner time and told me that he was leaving today for Sevilla, with two friends who had come to visit me in London because the truth is that it was not possible for me to leave." DON'T MISS...Tottenham 'agree fee' to snatch exciting Chelsea striker Soonsup-BellMan City star Joao Cancelo 'set to join Bayern Munich on loan'Tottenham set to block Japhet Tanganga transfer exit Gil's task of earning regular minutes at Spurs was only set to get harder after fellow winger Arnaut Danjuma's arrival on loan from Villarreal. The Dutchman scored on his debut against Preston North End in the FA Cup on Saturday, achieving what Gil has so far failed to do in his 18-month Tottenham career. Transfer business has been relatively scarce at Spurs this month, but outgoing Sporting Lisbon right wing-back Pedro Porro is reportedly in London to undergo a deadline-day medical. Progress will come as a welcome relief to the Tottenham hierarchy, who almost witnessed the deal collapse over a £2.6m dispute on Monday. Porro has notched 14 goal contributions in 25 matches across all competitions for Sporting this term. He signed for the Portuguese giants in a £7m deal last summer, with Sporting now preparing to bank a monster profit after Spurs agreed to pay £39.5m. Emerson Royal has failed to convince on the right side of defence, while Djed Spence is preparing for a loan move to Rennes and Matt Doherty is linked with Atletico Madrid. Spurs are currently three points off the top-four pace, despite having played a game more than Manchester United ahead of them.