There are three elements of the washing machine which need to be cleaned including the drawer, the filter and the drum. While not all of these sections have to be cleaned regularly, it is important to maintain the appliance. To clean my washing machine, I used white vinegar, baking soda as well as washing up liquid and hot water. Washing machine drawers can become caked in mould if they not cleaned regularly, but they are often forgotten about when it comes to doing chores in the home. The washing machine drawer sees various types of liquids and powders pass through it on a daily basis. The residue of liquids and fabric softeners is often gunky and thick, meaning it is sometimes difficult to rinse through the compartment fully. Although my washing machine drawer hadn’t become too caked in mould, I knew it was time to clean it after some hard residue started to appear around the back. I wasn’t sure how to clean the drawer due to all the nooks and crannies but settled on soaking it in hot soapy water to dislodge the gunk. READ MORE: Eight food scraps to use in the garden - can ‘deter’ pests I ran some hot water into a washing up bowl and added a drop of Asda’s Fresh Berry Washing Up Liquid and created some bubbles. After, I placed the whole washing machine drawer into the hot liquid and let it soak for around five minutes. If you’re unsure on how to remove the drawer, look for a catch towards the back of the machine. Along with a toothbrush I use for cleaning, I began to lightly scrub all areas of the drawer. The mould started to disappear instantly and it was surprising how easy it began to melt into the water. Using a toothbrush for this job was great as it could reach all the areas I couldn’t with a normal sponge or microfibre cloth. DON'T MISS:Brilliant ‘homemade fox repellent’ to keep animals out of your garden [COMMENT]‘Best’ product to clean oven racks without ‘scrubbing' [INSIGHT]Kitchen pros share five ‘simple’ tips to save money on bills [EXPLAINER] It took around five minutes to remove all of the gunk and mould before I let it dry completely on the draining board. This step is very important otherwise bad odours could begin to appear from the drawer. Like other filters, the washing machine filter siphons out the things you don’t want to collect in the washer such as dirt and hair. It tends to be at the bottom of the appliance, but make sure to refer to your manufacturer’s instructions before attempting to remove anything. After draining some excess liquid from the filter, I removed it and found lots of debris in it as well as a hair clip. READ MORE: Dry laundry with ‘brilliant’ sheet method - dries in ‘half the time’ To clean the filter, I simply ran it under hot water and made sure it was clean and free from the dirt and debris. It is recommended to clean the filter every four months or so to ensure it doesn’t get clogged. It is important to clean the door and the drum of your washing machine to prevent any build-up of bacterias that can cause bad odours. It is recommended to clean this area of the appliance once a month, and to do so is very easy. I added around a cup of baking soda into the drum and added a small amount of white vinegar into the detergent drawer. Baking soda can help to gently scrub the inside of the machine as well as combat the stale, mouldy odours which are often left behind via old soap and fabric softener deposits. White vinegar is a powerful cleaning agent which can help to kill germs, odours and helps to rinse out the detergent drawer too. Next, I placed the machine on a super hot wash at 60C but it is recommended to set the machine as hot as it goes. After the cycle finished, I took some disinfectant spray and wiped the door to make sure it was free from any debris and also wiped around the seal. The last step was to keep the washing machine door open to allow it to dry out fully. If this isn’t left open, bad odours and mould can begin to occur inside the drum.