KSI’s Misfits boxing promotion has announced a ‘groundbreaking’ new WWE-style tag team fight in a bid to push the boundaries in celebrity fighting. The Youtube star, musician and crossover boxer has admitted ‘boxing purists’ won’t like the new fight-night concept, but has vowed the idea will ‘change the sport forever’. And fans will first get to see the tag team concept debuted on the next Misfits show at the Telford International Centre on March 4. Jay Swinger vs Nichlmao will headline the 005 series event, the fifth show put on by KSI and Wasserman Boxing in shows that are now becoming the home of crossover boxing. But there is a new twist to the Telford card with Misfits promising ‘double trouble’ in a tag-team contest that involves KSI’s former boxing rival Luis Pineda. The Mexican journeyman, who was comically knocked out by KSI last summer, will team up with BDave, who he beat on the promotion’s last show after being announced as a long-awaited mystery opponent.  JUST IN: Deontay Wilder goes full Conor McGregor as fans express concerns about strange tweets  And the duo will take on Canadian comedian Kyle ‘Stromedy’ Godfrey and Austin Sprinz, the ‘Fantastic 2’ who share millions of followers on social media, in the inaugural tag team clash on the first weekend in March. “The first Misfits & DAZN tag team boxing match will change the sport forever,” KSI said. “The big stage of crossover boxing has not seen anything like this before. I absolutely cannot wait to see these two teams jump in the ring at 005.” KSI also jokingly responded to the news on Twitter by writing: “Boxing Purists ain’t gonna like this one,” with a series of laughing emojis. And the 29-year-old, perhaps unsurprisingly, received backlash for the announcement. “You’re right about that,” his former coach and pro boxer Viddal Riley replied. “How is this even acceptable under a boxing banner?” one asked. But some fans defended the tag-team match, with one claiming: The route you have gone down with Misfits has been perfect. A WWE version of Boxing sounds much more fun and unique.”  DON'T MISS:Tyson Fury names two YouTube stars he'd like Tommy Fury to fight after Jake PaulTyson Fury's promoter dashes Wembley hopes for Oleksandr Usyk bout with Middle East updateJake Paul has UFC veteran on standby as concerns raised about Tommy Fury fight  The tag-team bout will take place under standard boxing rules for fighers in the ring, with 16oz gloves used to make the fight safer. But the exact ruleset on tagging opponents in and out remains unclear. Misfits promoter Mams Taylor is confident the new tag-team idea will make crossover boxing even more entertaining. “Tag team baby! And this is the thing - people will hate on it, people will love it, people will understand and some won’t,” he told the Misfits Youtube channel. “But at the end of the day this is what Misfits is about. We’ve got serious competition in there. We have fun, we have antics, we have sports entertainment and that’s what we’re about so get used to it. “At the end of the day we’re here to stay and we’re here to create some noise in an area which it’s never been done before. Real combat sports with real entertainment on another level.” 