  Charley Webb, 34, has shared the sad news that her children's toy brand is closing with her 573,000 Instagram followers. The Emmerdale star, who launched Nördi Bäbi two and a half years ago, has opened up about the reason she and husband Matthew Wolfenden have decided to close that chapter.      On her Instagram story, the actress shared a screenshot of her original post announcing the toy brand’s launch. Above it, she included a link to her website with the caption: “CLOSING DOWN SALE. 40% OFF EVERYTHING.” “@nordi_babi is CLOSING,” Charley announced, adding a heart emoji. “I’ve loved this chapter and the journey it’s taken us on but we just don’t have the time to run it the way we want to. READ MORE: Sister of Beatles' legend George Harrison dies in Florida    “I love everything Scandi so this has been a dream,” she added with a sparkle emoji. Back in August, 2020, Charley and husband Matthew announced the launch of their very own children's toy company. The Emmerdale stars said that their Scandinavian inspired toy collection called “Nördi Bäbi” had been keeping them busy over lockdown. Taking to Instagram at the time, the actress admitted she had been “overwhelmed” with the amount of the support the brand had got, with some of the items already selling out.     The mother-of-three wrote at the time: “Our own business. I can’t believe it. I’m beyond excited for this but also so nervous. “We’ve wanted to do this for years and we’ve finally got to the stage where we can make it happen. “We’re starting off really small and hopefully we will expand as we go,” she added. “Scandinavian style is my favourite whether it’s toys or decor and with Nördi Bäbi we hope to bring you a little bit of what we love. READ MORE... A Place In The Sun presenter Jasmine Harman hit with 'sad news' [INSIGHT] Rod Stewart causes stir with appearance at Essex pub after outburst [UPDATE] Eamonn Holmes admits Charles 'doesn't trust me' over kiss with Camilla [NEWS]     “I can’t wait for you guys to go on this journey with us,” she concluded, sharing a picture of the brand’s smart-looking logo. Soon afterwards, the star went on to pick out some of her favourite wooden toys after being thrilled with the response they had received. "We've been so overwhelmed from the support and response and we’ve been so busy with orders,” she said. “Some things have sold out so we’ve set up pre orders and there have been some glitches with the website.”      "I just wanted to say thank you,” she added. “Anyone that has emailed us I will get back to you. It's taking a little bit of time to get through!" Charley and Matthew met on the set of Emmerdale back in 2006, when the latter was cast as Eric Pollard's (Chris Chittell's) son David Metcalfe. Charley joined the iconic show in 2002 as a teenager, playing the role of Cain (played by Jeff Hordley) and Charity's (Emma Atkins') estranged daughter Debbie Dingle. The pair share three sons together: Buster, 12, Bowie, six, and three-year-old Ace.  