Mattresses may appear fresh and clean but lurking beneath the surface could be bacteria, dust mites and mould. Dust mites are unpleasant critters that are close relatives of ticks and spiders. They’re too small to see without a microscope, however, symptoms of dust mites can be unpleasant. Dust mite symptoms include sneezing, a runny nose, itchy, red or water eyes, a stuffy nose, itchy skin, a cough and a postnasal drip. Over time, the build-up of dead skin and body sweat can create an environment which welcomes mould and dust mites. The dust mites are actually attracted to dead skin cells from warm environments in bedsheets, pillows and mattresses. With this in mind, the experts at Online-Bedrooms.co.uk are urging households to regularly clean their mattresses to ensure they are safe to sleep on. Nic Shacklock from Online-Bedrooms.co.uk said: “It’s easy to regularly wash the bedding and pillowcases, but many forget the importance of deep cleaning their mattress on a regular occasion. READ MORE: ‘Tacky’ interior trends to avoid that make your home appear ‘cheap’ “While it’s often recommended to give it a deep clean every six months, we’re advising everyone to make the clean more regular in a three-month cycle. “Even if the mattress doesn’t appear to look dirty, it can still be home to dust mites lurking underneath in search of dead skin cells. “Symptoms which indicate their presence includes sneezing, skin rashes and red eyes all of which indicate that you’re allergic to the pests. “If you notice these signs, immediately start cleaning the mattress by hoovering and sprinkling baking soda on it. DON'T MISSUnblock toilets easily using simple DIY method - ‘nothing else works’ [INSIGHT]7 methods to stay warm at night without heating as temperatures drop [UPDATE]'Best' method to clean damp walls to make mould 'disappear'  [ANALYSIS] “It’s not just dust mites which pose serious health threats to oblivious sleepers, but it’s also undiscovered mould which can result in breathing difficulties and life-threatening consequences if untreated.” “This is why we’re encouraging all homeowners to start giving their mattresses a deep clean.” How to deep clean a mattress at home: Gently brush a mixture of soap and warm water on the mattress and let it sit for around four hours before brushing it off. READ MORE: I got rid of window seal mould in minutes - here’s how Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea It’s important you don’t pour water directly onto the mattress so it’s soaking as this can make a mould problem worse. Deep cleaning every few months is necessary but vacuuming weekly will also help get rid of dust mites on the mattress. After washing your bedding, sprinkle baking soda liberally over the mattress to absorb excess moisture from inside the mattress and to banish unpleasant smells. Leave the bicarbonate of soda for around 24 hours (enough time for your bedding to dry), if possible, before hoovering up the remaining baking soda particles. Isopropyl or mould spray helps to remove mould. However, if the mattress is in a dire condition, call in the professionals to tackle the cleaning job. A severe mould problem could be a sign you need to replace the mattress entirely. A strong mattress protector can prevent dead skin cells from getting into the mattress to help lower the chance of dust mites from appearing. Anti-allergy mattress protectors in particular will help prevent dust from causing health problems. The typical time to give the mattress a deep clean is every six months, but cutting this to every three months is the “most effective way” to stop dust mites and mould appearing.