British star James Norton has reprised his role as the dangerous rapist and criminal Tommy Lee Royce in gritty BBC drama series Happy Valley. Starring opposite Sarah Lancashire and Siobhan Finneran, the show marked the 37-year-old actor’s breakthrough role. Norton and the rest of the cast returned to the story in 2023 once last time after a seven-year gap. British star Norton told media including Express.co.uk about Tommy: “There is something great about playing someone who everyone’s scared of because no one’s scared of me. So, it’s quite nice. But there is a swagger.” He went on to say: “There was something. I don’t know… like a lot of people, I worry what people think about me all the time and I’m probably overly anxious about that kind of thing and Tommy doesn’t care at all. “He just wanders around and it’s a sad state of being because he doesn’t need anyone, he doesn’t know really what it is to love or show vulnerability - apart from very small amounts to Ryan. But there was something incredibly liberating.” READ MORE: Here's a look at Happy Valley star James Norton's love life The role of Tommy is something of a departure for the affable Norton, who is known for his role as mild-mannered vicar Sidney Chambers in ITV’s Grantchester and reluctant mobster Alex Godman in BBC’s McMafia. Norton said: “To be able to let rip in that way and be vicious is on one hand kind of horrible because it’s sort of counter to what your instincts are, but there’s another part - like head-butting a security guard in that cemetery and feeling pretty hard - was kinda great.” As Happy Valley fans will remember, Tommy raped Catherine Cawood’s (Lancashire) daughter, who subsequently fell pregnant after the attack. Catherine’s daughter took her own life following the birth of her son Ryan Cawood (played by Rhys Connah), leaving the police officer broken and seeking revenge against Tommy. Tommy also kidnapped and raped Ann Gallagher (Charlie Murphy) in season one as well as brutally attacking Catherine and even trying to kill his own son after abducting him from school. Despite his heinous deeds, both fictional psychopaths like Tommy and real-life figures have captured the TV zeitgeist and continue to provide an endless source of fascination. Indeed, Netflix’s Ryan Murphy drama Dahmer – Monster: The Jeffrey Dahmer Story about the Milwaukee Cannibal case was one of the most-watched shows on he streaming platform in 2022. Reflecting on why people continued to find these sinister types so compelling, Norton said: “The psychopath thing for me, playing him was so exciting and rewarding because you get to take a journey into a mind, which you would just otherwise read about and you probably wouldn’t find much compassion really because on paper he’s a monster. “To understand someone like Tommy from an empathetic point of view is just the greatest beauty of what do [as actors]. “It’s lovely. You’re required to find that empathy and it’s a different type of learning from just reading about psychopathy. “But generally people, we love the fringes of humanity. We love the sort of subversive stuff. It’s fascinating.” He added: “For me, it was just a constant… Tommy is this weird part of my brain which unlocks something I wouldn’t otherwise be allowed to access.” DON'T MISS...GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash [VIEWER REACTION]ITV viewers 'shaking with rage' and 'switch off' Harry interview [INSIGHT]GB News sparks uproar as Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'ill' [VIDEO] Viewers will have to see what misdeeds Tommy commits next with his dark side bubbling away just below the surface and just waiting for any opportunity to let loose. Norton wouldn’t be drawn on whether there would be any redemption for Tommy at the end of the story, urging viewers to continue watching the show to see. He also hailed his role as Tommy and Happy Valley, saying he owed it “everything” and it was a “gift”. The star said: “It allowed me to play someone completely different and people still refer to it. It shows you can do the versatility, so I owe it everything. I love it.” Happy Valley airs on BBC One tonight at 9pm