Well-wishers urged Prince William and Kate to "keep going" as the couple resumed royal duties just two days after Prince Harry's explosive memoir - with William appearing to respond for the first time to the devastating claims as he replied: "I will." The Prince and Princess of Wales received a very warm welcome to the new Royal Liverpool University Hospital on Thursday, appearing in public after the Duke accused his brother of physically assaulting him, and Kate of a series of spats with his wife, Meghan. Among the crowds was patient Sylvia Staniford, 81, who gripped William’s hand tightly and said: "Keep going, keep going. Scousers love you." William smiled at her warmly and replied: "Yes, I will." Mrs Staniford said afterwards: "Of course that was a reference to Harry. He knew what I was talking about." According to HELLO!, as the couple got out of their car as they arrived, someone was heard asking: "Were you hurt by the comments in Harry’s book, Sir?" However, it was not clear whether the Prince of Wales heard, and he did not reply. Kensington Palace has declined to comment on the claims in Harry's book. The couple were visiting the critical care ward to see the hospital's new facilities as well as meet with staff, who have been working at the hospital during the busy winter period. William and Kate thanked them for their service. The new hospital is state-of-the-art and the biggest of its kind in the country. It provides inpatients with 100% single en-suite bedrooms, improving patient experience, safety and enhanced recovery.    After the hospital, the pair headed to the Open Door Charity, which supports young people across Merseyside with their mental health. On the same day, King Charles similarly carried out his first official engagement since the publication of his son's book. The King visited the community of Aboyne, close to the late Queen's Balmoral estate in Aberdeenshire, to tour the Aboyne and Mid Deeside Community Shed and meet local hardship support groups. King Charles was not the target of as many attacks from Prince Harry in his memoir, Spare, although one passage claimed that when Harry was born, Charles remarked to Diana: "Wonderful! Now you've given me an heir and a spare — my work is done". 