Tributes have been pouring in after a 31-year-old paramedic died in a horror crash on his way to work. The man, named locally as Ben, was a paramedic who worked for North West Ambulance service. Ben died after a crash on Sunday, January 1 involving a Renault Scenic and Nissan Almera on Mossborough Road, in Rainford.  Ben had been driving the Nissan and despite the best effort of emergency services, he died. The driver and passenger of the Renault, a man and a woman, suffered serious injuries. They are not believed to be life-threatening, reports the Liverpool Echo. Friends and colleagues of Ben have taken to social media to express their condolences and share tributes to the paramedic. Jean Loyden Cooney said: "Stand down Ben. You served every single person well. You was a truly amazing colleague, friend, a boss dad to your kids and a husband to your loving wife. You will be truly missed but remembered always as the funny, easy go lad you was who touched the hearts of everyone. Your last stand down Ben. Rest easy mate." Merseyside Police are now appealing for witnesses following the crash. They also confirmed his next of kin have been informed and are being supported by specially trained officers. Sergeant Simon Duffy from our Roads Policing Unit said: “Our thoughts and condolences are with the family of the driver who very sadly passed away. “An investigation into the collision is in the very stages and I would appeal for anyone who was in the area of Blind Foot Road/Mossborough Road who saw anything or believes they have captured anything significant on their dash cam to contact us.” Anyone who witnessed the collision or captured anything on CCTV or dashcam is asked to contact SCIU on (0151) 777 5747, or email SCIU@merseyside.police.uk. Alternatively, DM @MerPolCC quoting log 505 of January 1.   Hundreds of ECHO readers paid tribute to Ben in the comments section, with one woman saying her heart "broke". Kerri Mather said: "Rest in peace Ben, was lovely working with you. Sending thoughts and love to your wife and family and all of your work family…. Taken far too soon x" Tracey Jacques said: "Devastating news. Rest easy Ben, thank you for your service. Thinking of his family, friends and colleagues at NWAS." Julie Wiencke said: "So tragic. Another angel taken far to soon. R.I.P Hero, forever young xxx"  Maureen Mavromichalis said: "My heart is broke to hear this rip you beautiful man, thinking of the family x" Ronnie O Donoghue said: "Oh this is just so sad a man who saves lives has lost his my god his poor family god bless you. RIP." Charlotte Elizabeth said: "RIP Ben, thank you for you’re service." Ben Hannah said: "Stand down Ben." 