The beloved characters of the NCIS franchise returned to CBS with the eagerly awaited crossover. As fans were thrilled to see the agents work together, many took to social media to plead for Jethro Gibbs’ (played by Mark Harmon) return to screens.   The three-hour event saw the teams of NCIS, NCIS Hawaii and NCIS LA all in town to attend a FLETC professor’s retirement party. However, the celebrations took a dark turn when it was revealed professor was dead. As the agents banded together, they soon discovered his death was the doings of Simon Williams, who was part of a CIA assassination program. But as the crossover transcended to the different offices, fans were thrilled to hear the mention of the beloved former special agent, Gibbs. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'ill'    He was first mentioned by McGee (Sean Murray) who revealed he had lunch with the deceased professor and he seemed happy to go into retirement. To which Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) probed: “Happy, like Gibbs is in Alaska?” Assuming Gibbs also knew the professor, Knight (Katrina Law) asked: “Any chance of Gibbs showing up to the party?” Although he doubted it, McGee added: “The professor did mention that Gibbs and him went on a few fishing trips back in the day.”     To which, a hopeful Knight thought “there’s a chance”, but was immediately shut down by Vance (Rocky Carroll) who confirmed a body had been found. As the episode continued, the NCIS team argued about Gibbs’ list of rules after Torres brought up number three: “Always double-check.” However, McGee hit back: “You don’t have to quote Gibbs’ rules to me, he and I go way back.” The case then led the agents to Gibbs’ cabin after they assumed the professor would hide a flash drive there, knowing Gibbs was in Alaska. But things took a turn for the worse after someone began shooting at them. DON'T MISS...Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry [INSIGHT]NCIS LA sparks fan frenzy after key character returns [REACTION]NCIS star Wilmer Valderrama is among the shortest on the show [INSIGHT]    Knight asked: “Think Gibbs came back from Alaska and doesn’t know it’s us?" “No,” Torres responded: “If it was Gibbs shooting at us, we’d be dead right now.” The constant mention of the former agent sparked a major frenzy on social media as fans demanded his return. Twitter user @bonlrisch said online: "I love the Gibbs mention they tossed in! Hope to have Mark back soon for a cameo!" While fellow fan @kdrbn430 pleaded: “#NCIS please bring back Gibbs.”   @LaTonyaNevels stated: “OK, all of these Gibbs references is working on my nerves...just like the ones about Ziva!!! If you're bringing Gibbs back, JUST DO IT!!!” @fearless_cait hoped: “Also love the Gibbs mention if by some slim margin, he makes an appearance tonight I’ll lose my mind. But even if he doesn’t good to give the GOAT a shout-out.” A fifth fan @MissIceTee tweeted: “It would totally be awesome if there was a Gibbs appearance after that mention earlier.” As @WAVHistheMOC added: “Sad we don't get the master himself in this!!!”  NCIS season 20 continues Mondays on CBS in the US. NCIS season 20 will premiere on Wednesday, January 18 on Disney+ in the UK. 