Former UFC welterweight Mike Perry has accused Jake Paul of ducking him after leaking a signed contract for a fight with the YouTube star. Paul has teased a big announcement today on social media which many believes will be his next fight. The leaked contract states that Perry and Paul were set to square off on February 18 in a 185lb catchweight bout which lends key information to the likely date and weight of Paul’s next contest. Tweeting last night, Perry wrote: “I signed a contract to fight @jakepaul but he changed his mind.” After many expressed doubts, Perry proceeded to leak the fight contract with the caption: “Wya @jakepaul.” Perry – who left the UFC in 2021 – comes from a boxing background and has continued his love of pugilism through bare-knuckle boxing with popular promotional outfit BKFC. So far in his bare-knuckle boxing career he has gone 2-0 with wins over Julian Lane and Michael ‘Venom’ Page. However, Perry is hoping to don the gloves again this year and is keen to find himself an opponent in the squared circle. “I fought a 27-3 pro boxer, I am currently 3-0 in the last two years as a boxer. I am a boxer and can beat any boxer/fighter at 175-185. Give me a real boxing match and I prove it. Cuz we know they not stepping in @bareknucklefc with me. ASAP too!” added Perry shortly after his previous two tweets. Paul has recently admitted that he is only interested in fighting younger contenders this year after making a habit out of facing aging MMA stars during his six-fight stint in professional boxing. Speaking following a call out from ex-UFC star Donald Cerrone – who is 39 years old – Paul told the Schmo: "Interesting [a fight against Cerrone]. I mean I don’t know, I’m kind of tired of beating these old dudes up like that. MORE BOXING NEWS... AJ in 'difficult situation' as Brit told Usyk questions 'can't happen' Anthony Joshua team receive second Deontay Wilder message from Garcia Paul to change ways in 2023 after rejecting ex-McGregor foe Cerrone "You know what I’m saying? So, I’m just trying to get someone in there who is younger. But they’re all scared, honestly. They’re just trying to protect their records.” One potential opponent that fits the description of a ‘young fighter’ is fierce rival Tommy Fury. The pair are currently in negotiations to stage their long-awaited grudge match after two failed attempts. According to Fury’s promoter, Frank Warren, talks have been ‘positive’ with both sides eager to make it happen. The Queensbury Promotions chief is confident that fans will finally see the influencer super fight in 2023.