Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher questioned the Reds' transfer policy in a furious rant following their 3-1 defeat to Brentford on Monday. An own goal from Ibrahima Konate, Yoane Wissa's header and a striker from Bryan Mbuemo sealed the three points for the hosts, who impressed in their performance having toppled another of the traditional top six. Carragher claimed that without a midfielder brought in during January, Liverpool have "no chance" of finishing in the top-four places this season. “How's this been allowed to happen? If Liverpool think they can get top four without signing a midfielder - they’ve got absolutely no chance,” he told Sky Sports. “Liverpool have bought one midfield player in 4 and a half years and it’s coming back to haunt them now. It reminds of Arsene Wenger’s Arsenal that never won again when it turned too technical. I don’t know if it’s something to do with Pep Lijnders who has a big influence. "Thiago for me is not a problem if the other two are high energy and working. Harvey Elliott and Fabio Carvalho don't look like Jurgen Klopp players. It’s not a Jurgen Klopp team and I want to know why." "Liverpool's midfield is running on fumes. One midfielder signed in four-and-a-half years. Liverpool's transfer people have been lauded as the best in world football - no midfielder signed in the last two windows - this is on them. "Liverpool look like they are trying to play the Jurgen Klopp way but without Jurgen Klopp players. Liverpool are like a normal team pressing but still play with a high line. Naby Keita isn't for me and isn't good enough." DON'T MISS...Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd plot Raphinha move, Chelsea medical todayBest XI of players Man Utd and co can sign on pre-contract agreementsFive players Chelsea could snap up for bargain fees in January  "Konate gets there [for the third goal] but makes a mistake. He is a top young centre-back but young centre-backs will make mistakes. He is the future of Liverpool's defence." Liverpool have signed Cody Gakpo this month for a fee that could reach £50million, while they have been linked with moves for England World Cup star Jude Bellingham and Benfica's Enzo Fernandez, who could both fetch their clubs over £100m. The Telegraph have claimed that Wolves midfielder Matheus Nunes will move to Anfield in the summer after just one season in the Premier League, as the Reds are resurrecting a move that they were unable to seal in the summer. 