Prince William has shared Kate Middleton’s special talent that she puts to use at home, a news report has stated. William has recently revealed that his wife has a special talent that she puts to use during their downtime - although he is not so good at it.  His admission came earlier this week when he helped out in the kitchen at a charity that specialises in conflict resolution. He met staff, volunteers and young carers who look after relatives during the visit to Together as One and helped chef Kevin Muhammad and a team of young people prepare chicken teriyaki. He proudly told them: "Catherine is a very good cook." The Duke of Cornwall then admitted that although he is good at breakfasts and can do "a mean" steak "my sauces come out quite dry or lumpy – I’ve got to work on those". READ MORE: Harry and Meghan’s finances explained after £16million Spare deal  Previously, Kate opened up about her husband's cooking skills during a special BBC programme with TV chef Mary Berry. She told the former Bake Off star: "In our university days he used to cook all sorts of meals - I think that was when he was trying to impress me, Mary. "Things like Bolognese, sauces and things like that.” But she downplayed her own culinary talents by adding: "William has to put up with my cooking most of the time now", with the prince quipping: "It’s the reason I’m so skinny!"   Kate then explained: "We grow our own vegetables too. "We’ve got carrots, beans, beetroot - a massive favourite. “Louis absolutely loves beetroot." And she also revealed her love of baking - and how on the birthdays of her children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis - she likes nothing better than baking them their own cake. DON'T MISS:Missing aristocrat Constance Marten may have 'given birth in car' [REVEAL]Harry's army instructor calls story in memoir 'complete fantasy' [INSIGHT]Harry’s emotional moment with Meghan after Lilibet was born laid bare [SPOTLIGHT] She shared: "I love making the cake. "It’s become a bit of a tradition that I stay up until midnight with ridiculous amounts of cake mix and icing and I make far too much. But I love it." 