When this week his party reaffirmed its commitment to staying out of any element of the EU - single market, customs union, free movement and so on - you'd have thought that all those Remainer-Rejoiners would be spluttering into their early morning espressos. And when they hear Starmer co-opting the Leave slogan “Take back control”, you’d have thought they’d do more than just splutter. You’d have thought they’d be outraged at this stupendous betrayal. After all, Starmer is the arch Remainer-in-Chief. He’s the man who steadfastly refused to accept the result of the 2016 referendum. He was the architect behind Labour’s change in policy after 2017 towards a re-run of the vote that would give the British people a second chance to select the right answer. He’s the one politician to unashamedly describe Britain’s democratic departure from the EU as “catastrophic”. But no. Starmer appears to be more popular among the Remainer community than ever. According to the polls, a huge number of those who voted Remain in 2016 say they will vote for Starmer at the next election. Yes, you heard it right: Remainers plan to vote for a man who says he is committed to staying outside the EU.And that’s despite the fact that Remainers have other perfectly good EU-loving options to go for.The LibDems for example, have a four-step plan to rejoin the EU’s single market, and unashamedly say they want Britain’s future to be “at the heart of Europe”.And if you don’t fancy the LibDems, there’s always the Greens, who say “the UK should make a speedy return to the free movement of people between the UK and the European Union and re-join the customs union”.And if you live in Scotland, the SNP are your idea of Euro-bliss, declaring “EU membership is the best option”.So, I ask again: if you’re a committed Remainer (and there are millions of them) why in God’s name would you vote for Keir Starmer, who has explicitly ruled out re-joining any element of the EU?  The answer, of course, is that what Starmer says and what he does are often entirely different. Rejoiners know that they can trust Starmer to flip-flop back towards the EU as soon as he steps through the doors of number 10.They understand the game he’s playing and his sleight of hand. Starmer needs to win back the Brexit-supporting Red Wall, who irritatingly voted for Boris in 2019. He must therefore convince them that Brexit is safe in his hands, while all the time crossing his fingers and slyly winking to his Remainer core vote.It’s a cunning and ruthless strategy. But Starmer has form. Consider how he won the Labour leadership by promising all those far-left Labour members that he’d be “continuity Corbyn” and that he was a “socialist”, only then, as soon as he won, to expel Corbyn from the party, ditch everything the guy believed in and assure us he wasn’t a socialist after all.He explains away this monumental ideological U-turn by saying that times have changed and that things have moved on.And that, Leave voters, is exactly how Starmer will explain away his policy to edge Britain back towards EU membership as soon as he’s in power. Yes, I know I said Labour was committed to Brexit but, you see Leave voters, things have changed and times have moved on.When it comes to flip-flopping for political advantage, Starmer could write the textbook. The guy’s a genius. And Remainers love it. They understand it. Democracy is neither here nor there. The EU is bigger and more important than democracy. If the people support the European project, all well and good. But if they don’t, the project must continue anyway.It’s sickening. But that’s the EU way. And as the EU’s man in Britain, that’s Keir Starmer’s way. In fact, there’s only one thing that can stop this plan from being successful: Leave voters refusing to play ball. 