Strictly Come Dancing is a BBC staple and each year viewers wish it could be them on the dancefloor. Now their time may have arrived as it has been reported a series for non-celebrities is in the making. The show is believed to be called Clear The Dancefloor. Strictly fans have to wait until the summer is over for each new series to begin. The glitzy and uplifting dance competition usually sees famous faces partner up with professional dancers. Some of them already have dancing experience, while others grow from being complete novices. Fans of the series would give anything for a chance to step foot on the Strictly dancefloor. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Carla Connor killed by Stephen Reports suggest a new primetime competition will see amateur dancers take to the floor to impress a panel of celebrity judges. The judges will use buzzers to determine whether they are a fan of the dancers or not. According to The Sun, the production company Tuesday’s Child will start filming in February. Filming is said to be taking place in front of a studio audience. A source told the publication: "The public can’t get enough of dance shows so the Beeb is keen to keep up with demand. “There’s a lot of hope pinned on this sparkly new show and producers are hoping it will be a big hit. “It’s light, fun entertainment, just what viewers need when there’s no Strictly to watch. "Expect to see a few old Strictly stars crop up too.” DON'T MISS... Coronation Street history to repeat itself as Summer Spellman dies [INSIGHT] Matt Tebbutt slammed by viewers for calling Oti Mabuse 'darling' [VIDEO] Zara Tindall urged against signing up to Strictly Come Dancing [DISCUSSION] Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC and Tuesday's Child for comment. The BBC declined to comment. The 2022 series of Strictly Come Dancing saw Hamza Yassin lift the Glitterball trophy. The cameraman won the series with new professional dancer, Jowita Przystał. Jowita made Strictly history as it was the first time a new female dancer has won the series in her first year. Hamza recently opened up about a hidden battle he was going through whilst on the show. They appeared on This Morning and Jowita told hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield: "He is so not confident about himself. "He still thinks he can't dance even though he won the show. So to have him in the final with me was like 'maybe now he will believe it' you know?" Hamza added: "I absolutely enjoyed the studio 100 per cent but the thing for me, because every week I thought we were going out, I'd hold her thumb, we'd have this thing and I'd lean in and go 'thanks for the journey, I'll make sure I'll point my toe in the dance off' and she'd go 'have faith, you'll be OK."