Police have identified the suspect in Saturday's mass shooting that left 10 people dead and injured 10 others at Monterey Park, California, as 72-year-old Huu Can Tran. The hunt for a gunman who went on a murderous rampage at a ballroom dance club during Lunar New Year celebrations ended Sunday when authorities found him dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound inside the van in which he fled after a second shooting was thwarted. Here's what we know so far about the mass shooter. Tran was a regular at the dance studio where he killed 10 people and met his ex-wife there two decades ago, several close acquaintances have reportedly said. Tran's friends, who initially struck up a friendship with the gunman from around the early 2010’s, revealed to CNN that he was "hostile to a lot of people" at the studio and believed they said "evil things about him". The gunman's ex-wife has also provided a chilling insight into the mass shooter. She revealed to CNN that she met Tran decades during a dance lesson and it wasn't long after that they married. READ MORE: Sex trafficker Ghislaine Maxwell takes prison exam for 99p-an-hour call centre job The woman, who asked to remain anonymous said that Tran was never violent with her, but had a short temper. The two allegedly met at the dance hall where he gave informal lessons. He would get frustrated if she missed a step during their routine as he felt that it made him look bad, she claimed. The two were together for several years until the ex-wife said that he lost interest in her. Her sister reportedly confirmed the story to CNN. DON'T MISSAuthorities 'allowed' to Epstein to die, says Ghislaine Maxwell [LATEST]Kamala Harris says 'senseless gun violence has to end' [INSIGHT] Harry's local bookshop has only sold 30 copies of Spare [REPORT] The shooting reportedly took place at the Star Ballroom Dance Studio in Monterey Park, California. Monterey Park Police Chief Scott Wiese said Sunday evening that officers arrived within three minutes of receiving the call. They found carnage inside the club and people trying to flee through all the doors. About 20 to 30 minutes after the first attack, the gunman entered the Lai Lai Ballroom in nearby Alhambra. But people there wrested the weapon away from him and he fled, according to Los Angeles County Sheriff Robert Luna. He said authorities began looking for a white van after witnesses reported seeing the suspect flee from Alhambra in such a vehicle. READ MORE: US artist goes on crusade against deadly painkiller after addiction almost killed her During the search, Luna released images from the second location of an Asian man who was believed to be the suspect, apparently from a surveillance camera. The van was found in Torrance, another community that is home to many Asian Americans, about 22 miles (34.5 kilometers) from the site of the attempted second shooting. The shooting late Saturday in the predominantly Asian American community of Monterey Park sent a wave of fear through Asian American communities in the Los Angeles area. Speaking at a news conference, Congresswoman Judy Chu said she still has questions about the attack but hopes residents now feel safe. The community was in fear thinking that they should not go to any events because there was an active shooter,” Chu said, adding, “You are no longer in danger.” “What was the motive for this shooter?” she said. “Did he have a mental illness? Was he a domestic violence abuser? How did he gets these guns and was it through legal means or not?” The massacre was the nation’s fifth mass killing this month. It was also the deadliest attack since May 24, when 21 people were killed in an elementary school in Uvalde, Texas.