Whether you buy Romaine lettuce heads, Iceberg lettuce, or salad bags, the leafy green can decay very quickly. Here are several food storage hacks that you should try out - some of them result in lettuce staying crispy and fresh for two to four weeks. This storage method is said to keep lettuce from decaying for up to a month. Similarly to how celery is best kept, you want to roll lettuce in the foil and scrunch both ends. Lauren Colvin on TikTok shared this method and said the trick is not cutting the base of the lettuce - if it’s Romaine - off. Simply take the lettuce out of the original packaging, and wrap it in foil. READ MORE: Mary Berry’s quick and easy Yorkshire pudding recipe Lauren added: “Put them in the refrigerator drawer and they last up to a month - this is the best hack ever!” User Lloyd agreed with this method: “Wash, dry lettuce, wrap in tinfoil, store in the refrigerator. Lasts a long time.” Hazel chimed: “Wrap in aluminium foil that works good as well.” TikTok’s @kalejunkie also wraps Romaine lettuce heads, but uses kitchen roll instead and places them into sealable bags. Simply “pop them back into the fridge and they will stay fresh for two weeks”, she claimed. Another method comes from Kelsey Cornish who shared her “simple trick to keep your lettuce fresh and crisp” on the same social media platform. DON'T MISS...Every Chinese zodiac animal explained ahead of Chinese New Year 2023 [LIST]Effortlessly clean an oven with kitchen staple and no ‘harsh chemicals [HACK]6 safe and effective methods to stop rats visiting your garden [EXCLUSIVE] She demonstrated with Romaine lettuce and cut the bottom off. Next, she placed the leaves into a large ziplock bag and added two sheets of kitchen towel folded. She then sealed the bag, but not all the way, she left an inch of the seal open and placed the bag in the crisper or vegetable drawer of the fridge. After a few days, simply replace the kitchen towel, and commented on how much moisture it has absorbed. READ MORE: Keep potatoes edible for six months with clever storage hack Elnaz Hamai on TikTok preferred to shred her lettuce with a nice, before placing it into a bowl. The chopped lettuce is then soaked in water and vinegar for 10 minutes before rinsing. Using a salad spinner, all the excess moisture is shaken off the lettuce until it is dry. Take a jar, line it with a piece of kitchen towel and then place the lettuce inside. Cover the top with another sheet of kitchen towel and screw the lid on. Instead of throwing away the base of a lettuce head, you can use it to regrow another lettuce. Put the base of the lettuce in a bowl of water, and place it in a warm spot with ample light. Over the next 10-15 days the lettuce should start to grow from the middle. The longer you leave it, the bigger it will regrow.