Prince Harry’s goal is to “make the Royal Family villainous characters”, claimed a royal expert while discussing the Duke of Sussex's claims about Princess Diana’s death. Royal expert Kinsey Schofield was speaking to Mark Dolan on GB news about the claims made by Harry.  Prince Harry revealed that he cried only once after his mother, Diana, Princess of Wales died when he was just 12 years old. During his first interview about his memoir 'Spare', the Duke of Sussex said he feels guilty for not weeping publicly, revealing that he only cried at a private burial service. During the interview, Harry tells ITV's Tom Brady: "Everyone knows where they were and what they were doing the night my mother died." Ms Schofield responded to the comments: “I don’t think in my years of studying the death of Diana, I have never heard anything about anyone telling Harry and William that they could not mourn, that they weren’t allowed to cry or that they weren’t allowed to respond to their mother’s death and in any single way that they wanted to.   “Perhaps, they felt like they couldn’t because people around them weren’t reacting in that way but they were never instructed to behave in a certain way. “They were never instructed not to cry or not to be upset over their mother. “Smiling faces you are saying are sweet, little boys that seems to be like trying to be courteous in a very uncomfortable situation.” She was asked whether “history is being re-written once again” amid the Duke's comments. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry’s biographer fumes at Harry critics over new book  She answered: “I think so. The ultimate goal is to make the Royal Family a villainous character because Harry feels they've done the same to him and Meghan which he stated previously. “In the series of interviews, we keep hearing him say ‘they are making us the villain’. “So, perhaps Harry is just trying to shift the directions of that role.” During the 90-minute interview with ITV's Tom Brady, Prince Harry continued to say that he has looked back over footage from the time of Diana's death. DON'T MISS:Chinese tracking device found in UK Government car  [INSIGHT]Diana would have told Harry's book 'isn't a good idea' [REVEAL]Natalie McNally’s parents fear daughter's killer may have fled NI [SPOTLIGHT]  He said: "And the wet hands that we were shaking, we couldn’t understand why their hands were wet, but it was all the tears that they were wiping away. “Everyone thought and felt like they knew our mum, and the two closest people to her, the two most loved people by her, were unable to show any emotion in that moment.” 