Manchester United are said to have made Jude Bellingham a top transfer priority for the summer transfer window, when Erik ten Hag will hope to further upgrade his squad. The Borussia Dortmund and England midfielder stands to be the story of the summer with Liverpool, Real Madrid and Manchester City all strongly keen on his signature. With such strong competition, and a potential price tag of £130million - which would smash the British transfer record - United's chances of doing the deal are unclear. But if they miss out on Bellingham, there is a player who would be an impressive alternative who the Red Devils might be able to snare for significantly less. Ryan Gravenberch is a midfielder Ten Hag knows well given all of his 103 Ajax appearances came under the Dutch tactician following his 2018 first-team debut. Ten Hag's countryman also left Ajax last summer, joining German giants Bayern Munich for a fee rising to £21m. That was a relative bargain for the 11-cap Netherlands international but his time at Bayern has proven a slow-burner thus far. He is averaging just 31 minutes per appearance for the Bavarian giants and has completed 90 minutes on just one occasion. Gravenberch is also yet to start a Bundesliga match. Last term, under Ten Hag at Ajax he averaged 76 minutes per appearance across 42 times outings, contributing three goals and six assists. He was a key cog of the team that beat PSV to the Eredivisie title and United even sought to reunite Gravenberch and Ten Hag at Old Trafford last summer. MUST READ: Chelsea 'hoping to snatch' Malo Gusto from under Man Utd's noses The player explained: "Manchester United is a very big and beautiful club, but I already had such a good feeling at Bayern and I had given my word. My choice was actually made pretty quickly. The plan they sketched me out just made sense." That plan has yet to transpire, however, with Joshua Kimmich, Leon Goretzka, Marcel Sabitzer and Jamal Musiala all racking up more midfield minutes. And so United might sense a chance to reignite their interest and make a speculative move for the player this summer. While Bayern surely would not want to lose Gravenberch given his massive potential, were United to offer more than the German champions paid - perhaps £30m to £35m with add-ons - they might be tempted to do business. DON'T MISS...Man Utd have two Kane alternatives if Tottenham maintain firm stanceArsenal eye audacious Camavinga loan as Arteta has long-term Rice planChelsea 'trying to sort out' Mount contract as Liverpool eye swoop The 20-year-old is a box-to-box talent with the quality to be able to operate in a similar role to Bellingham. Speaking in October 2021, before Ajax thrashed Dortmund 4-0 in the Champions League, Ten Hag himself even said: "I see a lot of similarities between Ryan Gravenberch and Jude Bellingham." Gravenberch labelling United a "big and beautiful" club suggests he might be open to a move. And the presence of Ten Hag, who has been key to the flourishing form of Diogo Dalot and Marcus Rashford among others, is just another factor that might help entice the player to abandon Bayern's grand plans for him. Were United able to sign Gravenberch, they would be landing a talent capable of blossoming into a world-class midfielder on both sides of the ball. And they might be able to do so at just a fraction of the cost it would take to land Bellingham. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE