Phil Mickelson appeared to show his support for Rory McIlroy in sarcastic fashion as he promoted the Northern Irishman’s tilt for the Dubai Desert Classic title on social media. Mickelson has transitioned from the lovable Lefty to the golf’s unlikely pariah with his inflammatory comments surrounding his move to the contentious Saudi-backed LIV Golf Series last year. The six-time major champion’s social media presence faded while his reputation was left in tatters with fans when he became the face of Greg Norman’s insurgent LIV venture. McIlroy, meanwhile, has become the unofficial spokesperson for golf’s traditional tours with his forthright views condemning the disruptive emergence of the LIV tour. The world No.1 slammed Mickelson last February as ‘egotistical’ and ‘naive’ over his interest in using the LIV enterprise as leverage against the PGA Tour. And there has been no evidence that the duo have improved their relationship since with McIlroy remaining fiercely loyal to the PGA Tour and DP World Tour and Mickelson defecting to the controversial breakaway. READ MORE: Dramatic trailer for new Netflix golf series released as premiere date set  That, perhaps, has led golf fans to the assumption that Mickelson’s bizarre new tweet about the 33-year-old has a sarcastic undertone. After McIlroy had produced a stunning third round to lead Mickelson’s LIV Golf rebel Patrick Reed ahead of the final round of the Rolex Series event at the Emirates Club, the 52-year-old tweeted: “What a great -7 3rd round by @McilroyRory in DUBAI to open up a 3 shot lead. See if he can finish it off. Watch live final round action from the Middle East on the golf channel.” The consensus on Twitter was that Mickelson’s post was not completely sincere, with the ‘Long Drivers' Instagram account describing his words as ‘Sunday morning sarcasm’. Some suggested Mickelson had taken an opportunity to land a blow with the acknowledgement that the tournament was taking place in Dubai, while he continues to harbour criticism for playing in a league funded by the Saudi Arabian Public Investment Fund. DON'T MISS: LIV Golf 2023: What's next in the PGA Tour battle and can they win over Woods and McIlroy? Rory McIlroy demands Greg Norman quit LIV Golf role as bitter war of words continues Rory McIlroy's world No 1 standing risks being undermined by LIV Golf rankings row  One critic then wrote to Mickelson: ” Last time I checked Phil your career has been loaded with Sunday chokes, especially in majors.” The divisive left-hander simply replied: “ I have won 6 though.” This was not the first tweet that Mickelson raised eyebrows with as he continues to increase his activity before the start of the second LIV season. He also questioned the PGA Tour’s no-shorts dress code as he hit out at Sam Ryder's choice to wear joggers at last week’s Farmers Insurance Open. "The Tour doesn't allow shorts but does allow this week's leader to wear joggers with ankle socks?” he said. “Showing 4 inches of ankle? I'm no fashion guy, never will be, but there are some things I won't ever understand.”  