Many households could be eligible for a refund worth £159 but they are unaware of the criteria. A TV licence is needed in the UK to watch any programme that is being broadcasted or streamed live. It is needed to watch live content that is on streaming services, such as BBC iPlayer and Amazon Prime. This means Britons could be eligible for a refund if they only watch Netflix and YouTube. People don’t need a TV Licence if they never watch live on any channel, TV service or streaming service, or use BBC iPlayer. This applies to any device, including a TV, computer, laptop, phone, tablet, games console or digital box. READ MORE: Thousands of households can claim an extra £400 for energy bills - list of eligible groups  Britons can apply for a refund up to 14 days before the date they no longer need the TV licence. Even if people have forked out for the BBC licence fee already, they can follow a few simple steps to get their money back. Those interested can apply for a refund on their television licence if they will not need it again before its expiration date. Those applying for the refund will not need to calculate out how much they are owed as this will be done for them by TV Licensing. READ MORE: Five energy providers giving up to £250 worth of free credit to customers - can you claim? TV Licensing is the body responsible for the administration of the licence fee and related issues. As part of the refund application, applicants should include the name on their TV Licence, address and postcode. As well as this, applicants must also include the date from when they no longer need the licence within the application. On the TV Licensing website it says: “Please check you won’t need your licence again before it expires. “That means you won’t ever be watching TV live on any channel or service, or using BBC iPlayer. “If we approve your refund, your licence will be cancelled automatically.” People can then go to tvlicensing.co.uk to apply for a refund or backdated discount. People may need to provide evidence that supports their refund request. The dates on the evidence must reflect the time they’re requesting the refund for.