Boxer Joe Fournier believes that he was the contracted fighter to face KSI, who will instead take on inexperienced content creator FaZe Temper on January 14 at the Wembley Arena. The replacement was named after former MMA fighter Dillon Danis pulled out of his maiden boxing fight, with KSI's manager Mams Taylor stating the American was "underprepared" for the contest.  It came as no surprise when Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt fighter Danis pulled out after ghosting the pre-fight press conference and admitting to having no regular trainer. Unbeaten fighter Fournier says that he had been contracted for the main event if Danis pulled out. "I agreed the terms of the contract with Mams Taylor (KSI's manager and Misfits Boxing boss), actually a 3 fight deal with @Misfitboxing, Friday as he sensed Denis might pull out," posted Fournier on Instagram. "I was awaiting the final signature version of the contract today... "I don't know why they did the BIGGEST Uturn of all time but if I don't get @KSI next then it's clear to see the aspirations of him actually wanting to fight a real world ranked championship fighter!!!" Fournier will still be at the event on January 14 and is set to face Tony Christodoulou on the undercard. READ MORE: KSI slammed by ex-Page 3 girl after wild footage ahead of Dillon Danis fight emerges   Fournier, aged 39, has an unbeaten 9-0 record as a professional fighter and stopped singer Reykon after two rounds in his last professional contest in April 2021. However, he did lose against friend David Haye in an exhibition fight later the same year. YouTuber and rapper KSI won his first two professional fights last year during the same night but faced criticism about the lack of their quality. Fournier believes that KSI has chosen the easiest option by fighting FaZe Temper instead.  DON'T MISS: He added: "Remember this is a PPV show generating 10's of millions, this isn't about budget, weight or clout it's about the easiest opponent when the chips were down and unfortunately I'm the hardest opponent!!! I'm weighing 188lbs and can easily make my championship weight of 175lbs which is under @KSI bout weight for Denis 177.5lbs. "A 10lbs water cut isn't unusual and I still would have shown up in London 185lbs or less." FaZe Temper was originally meant to fight a 'mystery opponent' on the January 14 fight card, but will now face KSI. 