Dreaming of escaping the January blues and heading off on holiday? One of the world’s most popular destinations might be the place to go. READ MORE: Gorgeous country is ‘by far the cheapest place to live’ for expats Dubai was the world’s most popular destination for 2023 and has a huge range of attractions to entertain tourists. Tripadvisor experts said: “Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. “Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek.” The Middle Eastern hotspot’s top attraction on Tripadvisor is the breathtaking Burj Khalifa, the world’s tallest building. A visitor wrote: “I went to the top floor and it was an amazing experience. Got to see the beauty of Dubai.” Another tourist wrote: “One of the best pieces of architecture in Dubai with the best location. Light show in the evening with a musical fountain is amazing.” Tourists could check out Dubai’s Gold Souk, a literal treasure trove of gold, silver and precious stone jewellery. If gold is a little outside your budget, the nearby spice market could be the perfect place to pick up a souvenir. READ MORE: Travel expert shares reason to ‘book on a Wednesday’ Dubai is also home to the Ain Dubai, the world’s tallest Ferris wheel, and Deep Dive Dubai, the deepest swimming pool in the world. Although Dubai is often known for its world-breaking modern attractions, tourists can also explore its history at Al Shindagha Museum. The historic neighbourhood is now home to a heritage museum covering Emirati history and culture. Bali took the second spot on the list and could be the perfect spot for a tropical beach holiday. London was the highest scoring destination in Europe and number three on the list. Tripadvisor said: “The city’s energy means that no two days are the same.” Rome was close behind while Paris was the third European capital city to get a place on the hotlist. Tourists looking for a European beach holiday might want to check out Crete, number seven on the list. Cancun, Marrakech, Dominican Republic and Istanbul were also named while Barcelona landed just outside the top 10.