Working remotely doesn't mean a pay cut - research has shown remote workers can often expect to earn more than their office-based counterparts. A recent study by HR experts Remote showed work-from-anywhere roles in the UK pay up to £31,000 a year more than office-based ones. Now, one entrepreneur has shared how people can land their dream remote job. Jack Griffiths, who heads up luxury loungewear company Snuggy, is one entrepreneur who is looking to increase the percentage of his remote workforce in 2023. The CEO told Digital Adoption the top qualities he looks for in digital nomads and shared his five-step method to help others land remote work. He said: "A good work ethic, being honest and demonstrating trustworthiness are the three main factors I consider when looking for someone to work remotely for me. "These qualities are still needed if you were to be working in-house for someone, but in my opinion, they are more important when you aren't there to manage them." READ MORE: Child Benefit rates are rising - how much more you will get from April While relevant industry experience is essential, the entrepreneur said it's not the be all and end all. Mr Griffiths explained: "What I value more is someone’s work ethic and professional morals. Experience can be improved in time, but this foundation is essential. "That being said, there are specific actions candidates can take to prove they’re the best person for a remote job. For example, it's always good to have examples of previous work that relates to the business you are offering your services to. "Previous case studies from anyone you have worked with are great too. Overall, you want to demonstrate you can do the job and provide testimonials from others in the industry." DON'T MISS:Free NHS prescriptions for over 60s may be axed in April [ALERT]Martin Lewis warning not to miss out on £400 energy bills disc [WARNING]Over 500,000 people set to miss out on state pension boost in 2023 [UPDATE]  When it comes to working from home, communication is more important than ever so it's important that people can understand this and demonstrate their skills. He added: "Dropping off the radar simply isn’t an option. Sending regular updates to your client on what your plans are and what you have already done will help to keep everyone in the loop and reassure them that a project is on track. "If you’re used to logging your hours in an office, then just clocking off and going home, you’ll need to up your levels of communication if you want to start working from home. "In this day and age, presenting yourself or your service professionally across social media is very important. Make sure you have professional accounts which are separate to your personal ones." The millionairre continued: "‘I've grown brands online for over 10 years now. Using my experience, I’ve come up with a five-step method which will help any remote worker with growing their client base and grabbing the attention of a remote employer.  "The idea behind this process is to give the business owner a taste of what you can do without having to be told or given instructions. This tells the business owner straight away that you can be trusted to make good content and to work hard." "This concept works for all kinds of business. The key is that you’re making a sacrifice in the early days and essentially working for nothing. This will be worthwhile in the long run as you are establishing trust and credibility, along with demonstrating you can do the job with minimal guidance. "If you are still thinking about who to pitch or the kind of work you want to do remotely, there are three questions you can ask yourself regardless of your skillset or experience.   "When you have the answer to these three questions, get to work! "Try to steer away from 'salesy' emails and pitches. Get straight to the point and have the attention-grabbing free content attached in the first email. "This technique has worked for me on both sides - in the past, I would do it myself, and I have also hired remote workers who used this method. At Snuggy we have staff and ongoing working relationships with around 15 people. Only six of us are actually working in-house; the rest are external and work remotely. It works great for us. "We are definitely planning on taking on more remote workers in the next 12 months. We are predicting our workforce to rise by 10 people in 2023 and six or seven of them will be remote workers." A spokesperson for Digital Adoption said: "Jack has shared an incredibly useful process that anyone can use to get started, or build on, their remote working setup. By demonstrating a good work ethic, showing off your skills and helping brands out by providing them with high-quality materials free of charge, you’re ensuring you stand out from the crowd and increase your chances of landing that remote job contract." Meanwhile, remote jobs can pay around £30,000 more than the average salary for the same office-based roles. Jobs for remote estate agents are being advertised at around £58,947, which is more than £30,000 more than the average salary for estate agents each year, according to Remote. Architects are also paid far more when working remotely than they are in the office. One reason for this could be that employers have fewer operational costs so are able to pass these savings onto their workers.   