Arsenal have made a new offer for Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo, according to reports. The bid is worth £70million as a total package including add-ons but the Seagulls have already turned it down. Arsenal's first offer for Caicedo was rejected by Brighton on Friday. That bid was worth a flat £60m with no add-ons. Caicedo made it clear he was keen on a move to the Emirates later on the same day. He posted a message on social media pleading with Brighton chiefs to let him leave the club. The 21-year-old has since been told to stay away from the Brighton training ground to clear his head before returning after the transfer window shuts. The Seagulls are adamant Caicedo is not for sale. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  But Arsenal are seemingly not giving up on pulling off a late move. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano says a new official offer has been made by the Gunners in an attempt to strike an agreement. Romano tweeted: "EXCLUSIVE: Arsenal submitted new bid for Moises Caicedo. Understand it’s worth £70m package add-ons included. "Brighton don’t want to sell the player, stance very clear after £60m opening bid rejected — but Arsenal try again as Caicedo wants the move." But it didn't take long for Brighton to reject the fresh offer. The ball is now back in Arsenal's court and it remains to be seen if they will return with a third bid. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta is prioritising the signing of a midfielder following concerns over the fitness of Mohamed Elneny. The Egyptian suffered a knee injury in training earlier this month and could miss much of the rest of the season. DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart  Albert Sambi Lokonga has flattered to deceive with his performances this term, leaving plenty of pressure on Thomas Partey to stay fit. Partey had an injury scare of his own during Friday's FA Cup fourth-round loss at Manchester City. The Ghana star was substituted at half-time of the match at the Etihad with a rib problem. Arteta said afterwards the 29-year-old would undergo an MRI scan this weekend but the initial prognosis is that the injury is not serious and he will be fit to play Everton next Saturday. Caicedo was absent from the Brighton squad for their FA Cup win over Liverpool on Sunday. After the game, manager Roberto De Zerbi insisted his team were ready to cope without the Ecuadorian if he were to leave. De Zerbi told reporters: "I would like him to finish the season with us but we are ready to go forward without him."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here