Cristiano Ronaldo is reportedly struggling to hire a chef for his 'forever home' on the Portuguese Riveria despite offering £4,500 a month for the role. The 37-year-old and his partner Georgina Rodriguez are said to have demanded the cook specialises in Portuguese food and sushi, something they are yet to find. Ronaldo has already started preparing for his retirement after accepting a £175million a year contract to play for Saudi Arabian side Al-Nassr. The switch followed his acrimonious exit from Manchester United after he called out Erik ten Hag, the club's owners and former team-mates in an explosive tell-all interview with Piers Morgan. The 37-year-old has already started planning where he will live once he hangs up his boots too after spending around £17m to build himself and his family a huge mansion in Portugal. The land for his 'forever home' was purchased in September 2021 and the build is expected to be complete in June this year. However, it has not all been plain sailing for Ronaldo with the Portugal captain struggling to hire a chef for his new home according to the Daily Mail. The forward has offered £4,500 a month for the role but his demands for traditional Portuguese food and sushi have proved to be a stumbling block. There is even said to be a specific room in the building set up to prepare the Japanese delicacy. Other roles within the luxury pad, including a £4,800 a week butler have been filled, but finding someone to take on the role of feeding the family of seven has proved tricky. In the meantime, Ronaldo is staying in a five-star hotel in Riyadh as he settles into life in Saudi Arabia. The five-time Ballon d'Or winner is currently staying in a lavish suite in the Four Kingdom Hotel and is expected to rack up at least £250,000 worth of bills as he looks for somewhere more permanent. He is set to take to the football field for the first time since his arrival in the Middle East on Thursday as he captains a Pro League XI made up of players from his team Al-Nassr and city rivals Al-Hilal as they take on Lionel Messi's PSG in a glamour friendly. It is the first time the two football icons have faced off since 2020 and it could possibly be the last time they are seen on a pitch together. DON'T MISSArsenal allowing player to leave hints at first January signing for ArtetaMan Utd boss Ten Hag confirms fresh injury blow and Weghorst debut planMudryk could sting Arsenal twice as Edu set to pay price for transfer failure Ronaldo has been unable to play for his new side since he joined after being forced to serve a two-match suspension handed to him by the FA for smashing a phone out of an Everton supporter's hands. However, he could make his debut for Al-Nassr this weekend as they take on Ettifaq in the Pro League. It remains to be seen whether or not Ronaldo will manage to hire a chef for his new home before it is completed in June but it appears certain that retirement will not be far away for one of the best footballers of all time.