Antonio Conte has been tipped to undergo crunch talks with Tottenham Hotspur chairman Daniel Levy to attempt to salvage the club's collapsing season. The prospect of back-to-back Premier League top-four finishes is looking more unlikely by the game, with Conte desperate for further financial backing. Conte has made no secret of his desire to overhaul the Spurs squad after guiding the club back into the Champions League in his first season. And with the January transfer window now open - his third as head coach - he will be urging Levy and Fabio Paratici to take action amid a worrying rut. Tottenham have won just one of their last five home games, losing three, most recently starting 2023 with a 2-0 defeat against Unai Emery's Aston Villa. Emi Buendia and Douglas Luiz's goals saw Spurs fall behind in the seventh consecutive game; this time they had no response in a toothless showing. And while ex-Arsenal forward Perry Groves has backed Conte to honour his contract, which expires in July, he believes the Italian boss will be banging on Levy's door for more additions this month. He told talkSPORT: "Financially, I'm not sure if Daniel Levy would want to pay that compensation. JUST IN: Newcastle may have pulled off James Maddison swap masterstroke  "There's going to be a lot of tough talking and honest talking because Conte will say that his squad needs freshening up. "He was backed at the beginning of the season, so this is another test because this could very quickly implode for Spurs. "I know a lot of Spurs fans want [Mauricio] Pochettino back because they want to see exciting, flowing football. "You're not gonna get that under Conte, but normally you get winning football, and he's not providing that at the moment." READ MORE: Best XI of players Man Utd and co can sign on pre-contract agreements  Tottenham handed Conte £121million to spend in the summer, spread across seven new arrivals, including a £60m deal for Richarlison, £25m move for Yves Bissouma and £20m swoop for Djed Spence. Destiny Udogie also joined for £16m, rejoining Udinese on loan, while Clement Lenglet, Fraser Forster and Ivan Perisic arrived on free transfers. After the exciting business, Conte was heavily backed to guide Spurs to another successful season, with some even touting the north Londoners as title contenders. But their campaign is quickly disintegrating, and no January activity could see the situation rapidly turn sour and push the Premier League-winning coach closer to the exit door. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here