Ronaldo stunned us by swapping clubs for an obscure shirt in sunny Saudi, Gareth Bale hung up his boots to retire, and New Zealand’s PM Jacinda Ardern has suddenly packed up as the most powerful female politician down under. But last week came a bombshell that really shook the nation. Radio 2 DJ Ken Bruce, 71, quit the most popular show on Europe’s biggest radio station, taking everyone’s favourite quiz with him. Why Ken? What prompted a radio institution to sabotage his own career by joining a rival commercial station? Neither Ken nor I have been sporting professionals under constant scrutiny who – as middle age approaches – feel their fitness flagging as they pass their peak. Nor have we been nagged by a Wag who simply can’t take another wet winter living in Wilmslow. But having worked in the same BBC HQ that’s been Ken’s den for over 31 years, I can tell you that to walk out “willingly” (as we are supposed to believe) on a hit radio show that you love is nothing to do with burn-out or “having enough in the tank” which Jacinda cited when she jacked in her job. Being a radio DJ mainly demands turning up on time, dressed how you like, to sit in a comfy chair with a hot cuppa and talking between tunes that you know a bit about and being able to read emails with one eye and keep the other on the clock.  It’s a job anyone of any sex, age or ethnicity can do as long as they still have their marbles and own teeth. So what’s going on? New managers are given targets they must hit to get their bonus or promotion. So with a new broom comes a clean sweep. In recent years, there have been diktats from the director general and his diversity tsar June Sarpong. Half of presenters and guests must be female – a good thing as 51 percent of the population is. On diversity: 20 percent must be, well, basically not white. Another aim is to get young people listening again by changing the music that’s played, along with on-air guests and presenters. But there is no consideration of age diversity. So it’s OK to “retire” someone just because they’re getting on a bit. Management does that because it believes people only want to listen to someone in their own age group. Odd. It never turned me off tuning into John Peel when I was 15 and he was 35. As my producer once said to me: “You’ll never retire, Kershaw. You’ll go to your grave with your headphones on”. So there is no reason why a much-loved top jock with ever-increasing audience figures can’t do just that.  Unless the “suits” decide to “retire” him for their own reasons. In the past some Radio 2 presenters were nudging 90 before the bosses broke the news, not always gently, that their time was up. It’s true that 10 of Radio 2’s 35 core presenters are well into their 60s and 70s. Tony Blackburn, 79, presents the Sounds Of The 60s show because he was there. My radio role model from 1983 was Janice Long. The first and only woman with a weekday show on Radio 1 since its launch in 1967. Then after 18 years of the gruelling “graveyard shifts” on Radio 2, Janice was “retired” in 2017. She was nearly 62. And so it was with great trepidation that I approached my 60s. And guess what? With record audience figures for my BBC6 Music show and heaps of praise from on high, I was called in and culled by our new boss just a month after my 62nd birthday. There are no women over 60 now on 6 Music.  So that’s what’s happened to Ken. And Paul O’Grady, 75, and Steve Wright, 68. I said Ken would be next when it was announced that “Steve Wright had decided to step down”. I’ve NOW been told that he was informed he was no longer wanted on peak time weekday radio at the same time that Wrighty was. Of course, Ken would have been offered a little weekend show for cosmetic reasons, only to be quietly let go in a couple of years. So good for him. He’s found a new gig to go to with his head held high. Meanwhile, his loyal listeners can just suck it up, because most of them are unwanted too. Radio 2 is now after Yummy Mummies. Vanessa Feltz, 60, who recently “chose” to leave Radio 2 in tears, has confirmed she believes ageism is at play and had sensed it herself. From the end of March on Radio 2, at peak times there’s only one man knocking 60. So look out Jeremy Vine. At 57 you might well be “on yer bike” before you know it. 