Liverpool icon and Sky Sports pundit Graeme Souness slammed two Tottenham players for the roles they played as their side were defeated 2-0 at home by Aston Villa on New Year's Day. Goals from Emiliano Buendia and Douglas Luiz sealed all three points for Unai Emery's outfit, in a blow to Spurs' top-four hopes. After a goalless first half, the visitors took the lead five minutes following the restart when Hugo Lloris spilled a long-range effort from Douglas Luiz. Ollie Watkins latched onto the rebound, and played it to Buendia to tap home. Then Emery's side pounced on a loose ball in midfield, before Luiz played a one-two with John McGinn before finishing with the outside of his boot past France's World Cup finalist goalkeeper, ensuring that Spurs could not regain their top-four place after Manchester United's win at Wolves on Saturday. Analysing the goals Spurs conceded, Souness picked out Yves Bissouma and Lloris as two players he was unhappy with. “Harry [Kane] loses it [for second goal], bad area, it’s a great ball from McGinn and the first and second touch is an absolute delight. Great goal. He [Bissouma] just gives up on it. He’s ballwatching. READ MORE: Liverpool told to make second signing before Bellingham - Exclusive “I am not a big fan of Lloris, I have said it for a long time. I think he, since the start of last season he has made four errors that have led to goals, that’s the worst in the Premier League for goalkeepers. For me, he is past his sell-by date.” Spurs struggled to break down a resilient Villa defence, and were not able to stop their opponents from countering well as Emery returned to north London with a win to take his side up to 11th in the league table. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'lose Saudi Arabia deal at 11th hour' as plug pulled after meetingMan Utd boss Ten Hag takes on second job at Old Trafford after Murtough talksCarragher urges Liverpool to sign 'next Wijnaldum' alongside Bellingham  Buendia, who scored Villa's opening goal, explained after the game that his side were prepared to "suffer" in the game but knew that they had to begin picking up points away from home. "It's an amazing win away," he told the BBC. "We needed to show everyone that we were capable of winning away, especially against a top team so we take the three points. "We knew before the game that we had to suffer, be compact so everyone showed that character. We were ruthless in front of goal." 