Sarah Beeny has given fans an update on her health after she celebrated her final round of chemotherapy earlier this month. The property expert, 51, shared a video showing her catheter being removed. The on-screen star shared the clip in view of her 305,000 followers today and was met with messages of support. Sarah penned: "If you’ve ever had a pick line in for a few months, you’ll know how good this feels!! Xx" She accompanied the caption with a picture of herself relaxing in the bathtub as her body was immersed in water and her feet hung over the edge. Sarah enjoyed some well deserved relaxation as she soaked her body in the water. READ MORE: Michelle Keegan flashes legs in tiny dress with husband Mark Wright She was quickly inundated with messages of support online as people shared similar experiences with the property expert. Michael penned: "Couldn't wait for mine to be removed, 5 years in remission x." Andrea commented: "Been there, the best feeling. You will gradually start to feel more human again now. Stay positive and congratulations for coming so far on your road to recovery." Maggie remarked: "Such an amazing feeling to be able to choose to shower or lounge in the bath! Another milestone chalked off for you on your journey. And just think chemo is done how bloody amazing @sarah.beeny you are getting closer to the end of your treatment with every step you are taking."  "Enjoy, I remember this feeling well. This post actually made me quite emotional, the memories came flooding back. Good luck with your recovery," Cazz wrote. The TV presenter has been documenting her journey after being diagnosed with breast cancer. To add to her joy, the Channel 4 star announced on her Instagram on Friday (January 6) that she had “no more chemo” left to do. She penned: “Not sure what is making the sunshine the most – 2 days into steroids (happy pills!!!) – no more chemo or @the_entitled_sons releasing their best song yet…" DON'T MISS... Charles Dance, 76, talks romance with girlfriend 20 years his junior[LATEST]Robert Rinder 'unrecognisable' after break with Carol Vorderman[PICTURES]Gemma Atkinson announces baby news with Gorka in adorable pictures[INSTAGRAM] Last month the presenter revealed that she was set to undergo her final chemotherapy session after her previous session was cancelled due to medics discovering her liver numbers were too high and her white blood cell count was too low. Sharing a photo of a coffee mug and a few biscuits, Sarah explained at the time she had been “laying around like a Dowager Duchess” following her cancelled treatment. Captioning the post, she revealed: “Been delivered the perfect tray this morning by the brilliant Billy Swift!! Happy slightly late New Year to everyone... “Been laying around like a Dowager Duchess a bit since last Chemo on 30th was cancelled because liver numbers too high and white blood cells too low… “Just as you think you’re there… bit less Eeyore now and hoping bloods better this week… Hope you all were partying for me!!! Thank you all for your lovely messages!” The property expert shared news of her diagnosis in August, and previously said that she almost expected to develop the disease after losing her mum to cancer aged 39, when Sarah was just 10. Sarah is best known for her work on UK property programmes including Help! My House Is Falling Down and Sarah Beeny’s New Life In The Country. 