Evan Day, KAYAK UK country manager, shared his top advice to secure a holiday deal this year. He warned Britons not to wait. Evan said: “There’s no doubt prices are on the rise, but that doesn’t mean there won’t be travel deals up for grabs in 2023. “Being flexible on travel dates and destinations, as well as investing more time to research and compare prices will be more important than ever. "This means use travel search engines and online comparison portals that compare offers of hundreds of travel providers for you with one click.” Comparison sites can help Britons to find the cheapest time to visit their ideal destination and the cheapest airline to travel on. READ MORE: Cruise passengers warned of ‘outrageously expensive’ fees Britons could even get inspiration from a travel search engine if they’re flexible about where they want to go on holiday. On some search engines Britons can search for the cheapest destination during a particular month of the year. If there is a particular destination a tourist wants to visit, there are a few ways they can ensure they stay on top of prices. Evan said: “There are also a lot of tools one can use to ensure they are not missing out on price changes and the best deals. “On KAYAK, for example, the 'Price Alert' tool automatically informs you about possible price changes for your desired flights so that you can book when the price is right.” Price alerts will let Britons keep track of the price of their destination so they don’t miss out on a bargain. However, tourists may need to take a risk at some point as prices may get more expensive closer to the date. Britons can also look out for sales during the year as some airlines have them during the winter months. READ MORE: Expats explain how life in Switzerland can feel ‘almost impossible’ Evan added: “And don’t procrastinate! There are opportunities to get last-minute bargains, but in general, tickets tend to be more expensive the closer the travel date gets. “Therefore, book as soon as possible to take advantage of early-bird-discounts.” Last minute deals may work for flexible travellers but tourists might want to book early if they have a particular destination in mind. There are also unlikely to be many last minute deals for peak periods such as school summer holidays.