Democrats Representative-elect Maxwell Frost said he will likely have to spend his first few months in Washington DC "couch surfing" at friends' homes because he cannot afford to rent. Mr Frost admitted that even as he looks forward to an annual $174,000 salary, plans to find a property to live in have been derailed by his "bad credit." The 25-year-old had denounced the struggles his generation faces when trying to rent in a tweet about being denied the possibility to rent with the money he currently has. Mr Frost told ABC: "It's not cheap, I'm dealing with it right now. Getting denied from apartments, and trying to figure out where to live because I have bad credit. "I'm probably going to have to couch surf for a little bit." His comments sparked criticism from a Republican National Convention-aligned account which noted he would be cashing in on a $174,000 annual salary from next month. But Mr Frost pointed out he will be unable to pay for rent until he receives his first paycheck as a congressman at the end of January. JUST IN: Jeremy Renner in 'critical but stable condition' after Marvel star 'airlifted to hospital' He wrote on Twitter: "Lol. So out of touch that they don’t understand how renting an apartment works. Let me break this down... "I don’t get my first paycheck till February and I don’t have a lot of money. When you move into an apartment, you pay first, deposit, sometimes last, and for furniture." The Florida politician, the first member of Generation Z to be elected into Congress, had previously admitted he had been denied a request to rent a property in Washington DC because of his current financial situation. He said: "Just applied to an apartment in DC where I told the guy that my credit was really bad. He said I’d be fine. READ MORE: Thousands flock to Vatican as Pope Benedict XVI lying in state begins ahead of his funeral "Got denied, lost the apartment, and the application fee. This ain’t meant for people who don’t already have money." According to real estate marketplace company Zillow, the median rent in Washington DC is $2,600 (£2,157) per month. Mr Frost admitted he had built up a lot of debt after quitting his job to commit to his election campaign last year, ruining his credit score. Landlords often use credit risk calculators to approve or deny renting applications, and the congressional salary the Florida Representative will receive will not automatically fix his score. DON'T MISS:82 years since the Second Great Fire of London [INSIGHT]The world of football pays their respects to 'icon' Pele [REVEAL]Blair gifted Putin pair of silver No10 cufflinks in bid to entice him [REVEAL] A Credit Karma report released earlier this year showed nearly one in three members of Gen Z are still living at home with their parents or other relatives because of high rents. The report also found 32 percent of zoomers spend half their income on housing each month. Fellow Democrat Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez exposed the same issue when she was first elected in 2018, admitting she would have to go three months without a salary before her congressional pay allowed her to afford rent in DC. She said: "I have three months without a salary before I’m a member of Congress. So, how do I get an apartment? Those little things are very real. "We’re kind of just dealing with the logistics of it day by day, but I’ve really been just kind of squirrelling away and then hoping that gets me to January."