Arsenal's move for Jorginho has received plenty of criticism from the club's supporters. Many have expressed disappointment, and in some cases anger, on social media after news of the transfer came about. There is some reasoning behind the reaction. Arsenal supporters were getting excited at the prospect of seeing Moises Caicedo make the move to the Emirates. At 21, he would be a signing for the long term and looked set to have become a club-record transfer. However, Brighton have stood firm and maintained Caicedo will not be sold at any price in this window. Ultimately, if Arsenal slapped down £100million on the table, then that may well have been accepted. But the Gunners hierarchy are adamant they will not overpay for a player. Mohamed Elneny's knee injury, confirmed by the club on Tuesday to be serious, has seen Mikel Arteta go in search of a new midfielder. Caicedo would likely have been a summer target if the Egyptian did not suffer the issue in a training session a couple of weeks ago. Transfer deadline day LIVE: Arsenal agree Jorginho deal as Man Utd offered Atletico ace  Arsenal attempted to bring forward a deal for Caicedo but it didn't work. But instead of just settling with a restricted number of bodies in midfield, a short-term option is set to be brought in. Jorginho may not be everyone's cup of tea. But if he is Arteta's, that should be enough for Arsenal fans. And sporting director Edu appears to have learned from past mistakes. Jorginho recently turned 31, so will immediately become the oldest member of Arteta's squad if Cedric Soares completes an expected late move away from the club. To some fans it reeks of previous regimes which saw Arsenal sign ageing players from Chelsea on expensive contracts. Petr Cech, David Luiz and Willian were not successful acquisitions. DON'T MISSEverton shift focus onto £18m move after being knocked back on two offersMan Utd 'on the verge' of signing Sabitzer in deadline day U-turnLeeds rocked by Zaniolo twist with Roma ready to approve transfer  But this time, Edu is only prepared to sign Jorginho on an 18-month contract. There will be an option to extend it by a further year on the club's side but Arsenal will not be tied in long term. If in 18 months' time Jorginho has proven to be an important player, Arsenal can keep him. If not, they can let him go. Arsenal supporters are understandably underwhelmed and see similarities to previous failed transfers. But Caicedo is clearly a top target and Arteta must feel a deal is possible in the summer. Arsenal are five points clear at the top of the table but needed cover for Thomas Partey. There are far worse options than a player who has started 19 matches across the Premier League and Champions League this season. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 