Since 2015, Angel Adoree and Dick Strawbridge have documented their journey on their Channel 4 series, Escape to the Chateau. The couple have given viewers an insight into the struggles they have faced along the way. One major hurdle at the beginning was that Dick and Angel had no running water or electricity, so, had to spend the majority of their budget getting it fixed. This didn't dampen their spirits as the duo loved every second of the transformation. In a recent episode of Escape to the Chateau, Dick and Angel prepared to reopen their wedding business. After two years of being closed due to the coronavirus pandemic, the pair wanted to make up for lost time. However, Angel was on a mission as she began a new project, and Dick struggled to keep up with his wife's demands. READ MORE: BBC News' Joanna Gosling speaks out after quitting ahead of merger In his workshop, Dick tried to figure out how to turn 100 kilogrammes of a barrel into a wall-mounted memento. "Angela would like me to cut the top of a barrel," the engineer chuckled. "So we've got a circle with some bits of barrel on the wall. That is a problem." Airing his concern, he continued: "And the reason that is a problem, is because every single piece of this barrel has been made to fit together and to be held together by the bands around it." Dick proceeded to draw a diagram to show what he meant, he added: "So as an entity, it is really strong. "And by cutting it off right here somewhere, is going to mean that's all gonna want to fall apart...if I could get her to believe that." The TV star then made his own barrel out of pens to point out where the problem would be. "But if I take this as my homemade barrel, it's very similar because all these elements go from top to bottom," Dick demonstrated. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Carla Connor killed by Stephen  [SPOILERS]Emmerdale's Jamie Tate 'to return' as Gabby Thomas drops clue [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise fans 'work out' Neville Parker's death [REACTION]  "You've got bits in the end, and it's held together by bands. "But I have to go and cut through... look at that. There's one of the barrels...next, cut through and just cut to the next one. "But the more I go around, the less integrity there is here. "That is the problem and that doesn't look so good." In another recent episode, Angel, Dick and their two children, Arthur and Dorothy reflected on their journey. As they gathered to watch some fireworks with their family and friends, Arthur was overcome with emotion. The youngster broke down in tears as the family marked an end of an era. Dick and Angel confirmed last year that the latest series of Escape to the Chateau would be their last. Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All 4.