Residents of North Carolina have spotted a sea snake-like creature off the eastern coast of the USA. The spotting has sparked debate over claims by some that it bears a striking resemblance to the famed Loch Ness Monster. The mysterious water creature was seen with its head out of the water on the Atlantic beach before its body surfaced and it disappeared beneath the waves. Some disbelieving onlookers have suggested it may have been the Loch Ness monster. A local shop, posting a video of the mysterious beast on social media, said it is "something you don't see everyday". They added: "Whales or the Loch Ness Monster in the port this morning? Never seen one inside the inlet like this". As the video went live, it went viral with hundreds suggesting what species the creature could be.  Some have suggested the being could have been an alligator or a small whale. However, one person said: "No way is it any of the animals mentioned. "Its motion is too graceful, it has protrusions on the head and a long feather-like flipper in the rear. I honestly don't know any sea creature that fits that description." Another said: "Definitely a Loch Ness monster. I saw two the same day I saw Bigfoot walking a black panther on a leash." The Loch Ness monster is a creature of Scottish folklore that, as in the name, is believed to live in Loch Ness. It is often described as a having one or two humps protruding from the water with a long neck. Nessie, as it is affectionately referred to, has been the subject of much attention since 1933. There have been a handful of sightings over the centuries. Alongside sitings, several expeditions have been undertaken of loch ness to try and find evidence of a creature beneath the dark waters. Furthermore, if there isn't a loch ness monster, some have tried to fathom what it could be instead. Some believe it has been a case of mistaken identity, with some mammals being mistaken for the Loch Ness monster. Others believe it is just folklore or a rare form of large animal.