A child molester caught with a massive database of 12,000 indecent images of children, including extreme pornography, has been jailed for more than six years. Dean Gordon, 41, of Rosewood Court, Leytonstone, appeared at Snaresbrook Crown Court yesterday, after previously pleading guilty to three counts of making and ten counts of taking indecent photographs of children; possession of extreme pornographic images and possession of a prohibited image of a child. Gordon also admitted sexually assaulting a young girl and six counts of voyeurism. He was sentenced to six years and eight months imprisonment.  On August 11, 2021, officers from the Online Child Sex Abuse and Exploitation Team (OCSAE), based in North East BCU, executed a search warrant at Gordon’s home address and seized multiple devices containing videos of children being covertly recorded naked.  He was arrested and officers searched his address over the course of three days with the help of a specialist search team. Numerous covert camera devices were found, including a water bottle with a hidden camera and numerous coat hooks with hidden cameras installed as well. JUST IN: Fury at NHS bosses' 'unbelievable and disrespectful' offer to nurses More than 200 exhibits were seized and officers conducted a months-long trawl of every single digital device to uncover victims and his abuse.A number of child and adult female victims, all of whom were known to Gordon, were located who had no idea they had been secretly recorded by him.In total, Gordon had 12,529 indecent images of children, including more 2,000 of the most serious Category A images. This included 436 images of the numerous child victims he covertly recorded for his own sexual gratification.Gordon befriended families with young female children, covertly recording them naked or semi-naked. DON'T MISSPlane crashes: Some of history's worst aviation disasters [REPORT]Mafia 'boss of all bosses' Matteo Messina Denaro arrested in Sicily [REVEALED]Police honour bereaved five-year-old boy with motorbike escort [PICTURED] In one case, he sexually abused a young girl whilst she lay asleep and recorded himself abusing her. He also covertly recorded multiple woman naked as well. Due to the amount of evidence, Gordon pleaded guilty at his first appearance at Thames Magistrates’ Court on August 15, 2022.Detective Constable James Cronin of the OCSAE team in North East BCU said: "This has been a complex investigation involving specialist officers undertaking countless hours of work to uncover his wrongdoing and locate and assist victims of his abuse. “The victims, especially the children, have shown incredible bravery by coming forward and sharing their story. "Anyone who believes they have been a victim of child abuse should contact police on 101 and, as this case demonstrates, we will carry out a thorough investigation and bring perpetrators to justice."