Republican’s are accused of committing “fiscal terrorism” on the US with their debt ceiling demands. Congress has until June 5 to extend the $31.4trillion dollar debt limit, which the US reached last week. Should the deadline pass without the limit being raised, America could default on its debt obligations, risking plunging the country into a recession. The stakes are high for the US economy, leading a top Democrat to say GOP demands for spending cuts in exchange for lifting the limit are “just plain crazy”. Sen. Mark Warner, D-Virginia made the remarks, adding that the Republican’s fiscal strategy is “the height of irresponsibility”. In a conference call on Thursday with reporters, he warned that should the US go into default on its debts, it would create "carnage" in the stock market. “The notion that we would put the full faith and credit of the US in jeopardy at this moment of economic uncertainty, with the rise of China and the challenge of the Russia-Ukraine war, is beyond the pale. It's just plain crazy.” Warner also argued that the same Republicans refusing to raise the debt ceiling now raised it three times during Donald Trump’s presidency. But despite the GOP pressing for some concessions from the Biden administration, there is no apparent consensus on what spending cuts they want. READ MORE: Marjorie Taylor Greene eyes up White House bid after getting McCarthy as Speaker Kevin McCarthy confirmed to Donald Trump Jr on his podcast that the House will not target Medicare or Social Security in their negotiations over the debt ceiling. That said it is not immediately apparent where the GOP want other cuts to take place, with senators and congresspeople split on whether to slash military spending or welfare in other sectors. Meanwhile, Sen. Rick Scott (R-Florida) appeared on Fox Business and rubbished claims the debt ceiling is caused by GOP demands for spending cuts. “This is complete fear mongering and I’m sick and tired of it”, he said. “We’ve got to do the right thing for the American public, I grew up poor and lived in public housing, we are creaming the poor right now with inflation. “Don’t buy a house, with a 6 percent mortgage rate. Don’t use your credit cards, with almost 20 percent interest rates on your credit card. “It’s all caused by this reckless spending, and the big Government and the Wall Street people are all in on it.” On Thursday’s Special Report on Fox News, columnist and former President George Bush’s speechwriter Marc Thiessen warned the GOP not to mess with the economy, and suggested letting the Democrat’s take the lead on a poor economy. “Most Americans think the economy is doing poorly and they blame Joe Biden, which is why it would be insane for the Republicans to pick a fight over the debt limit,” he said. “Some economists are predicting a recession later this year. Why would Republicans want to take ownership of that away from Joe Biden? “Why would they want to do anything to damage the U.S. economy when it’s weak and when the recovery is so tenuous?” He added such a move would only give Biden ammunition to say, “it’s the Republicans’ fault”.