Prince William and Princess Kate were spotted on a secret outing along with their children in the Christmas-themed park Lapland UK in Ascot. The family were seen leaving by a royal fan. They were accompanied by their nanny, Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo, Hello reported. The attraction boasts a toy factory, magical forest and shops and has been a popular place for families to attend for the last 15 years.    Princess Kate was in an all-black ensemble, with a belted coat, turtleneck jumper and matching bobble hat. Meanwhile, Prince William sported blue jeans, a padded jacket and a matching khaki flap cap. George and Charlotte were each holding a cuddly toy, while their dad was also holding another  – presumably belonging to little Louis. Kate, William and their children - Prince George, nine, Princess Charlotte, seven, and four-year-old Prince Louis, spent the holidays together with their close family. On Christmas day, the Waleses joined King Charles and Queen Consort Camilla at the royal family's traditional Christmas Day church service. They were all spotted together walking the short distance from Sandringham House to St Mary Magdalene Church. The royals were greeted outside the church by the Reverend Canon Dr Paul Rhys Williams before they climbed the steps to the church and the National Anthem was sung before the first hymn, O Come, All Ye Faithful. READ MORE: Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again  Members of the public who gathered outside the church listened to the service played over speakers. They were given service sheets so they could sing along. After the service, which lasted around 45 minutes, members of the royal family took the time to speak to some of the people who came to see them. A queue of people wanting to see the royals had begun to form the day before, on Christmas Eve. DON'T MISS: The 'most beautiful royal' - but not Meghan Markle or Kate MiddletonKing Charles's coronation backed by Brits as poll shows huge supportMeghan and Harry use Oprah comment to moan about size of royal cottage Earlier, William and Kate tweeted a picture painted by George of a reindeer, with the message "Happy Christmas!" This year's gathering at Sandringham is the first time the royal family have spent Christmas at the private royal residence in Norfolk since 2019. The late Queen had spent the festive period at Windsor Castle for two years in a row, in 2020 and 2021, due to the Covid-19 pandemic, before her death in September this year. Traditionally, royal Christmases at Sandringham feature a turkey lunch at the house before the family settle down to watch TV, which this year included King Charles's first Christmas Broadcast as monarch. 