Manchester United are prepared to offer Alejandro Garnacho a staggering eight-year contract to tie him down for the long term at Old Trafford, according to reports. However, the 18-year-old’s family aren’t keen on the idea. Erik ten Hag wants the forward to stay, having been impressed by his performances for the club so far this term. Manchester United gave Garnacho his debut at the end of last season, back when they were being managed by Ralf Rangnick. And having overcome some issues at the beginning of the campaign, the 18-year-old has since established himself as one of the best young forwards in world football. According to The Mirror, United want to tie the teenager down to a huge eight-year contract - which would be a record for the club. Garnacho’s current deal is due to expire in 2024, though the Red Devils do have the option to extend it by a further year. While United want the Argentine to stay for the best part of a decade, however, the player’s family aren’t so keen on the idea. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big They’d prefer a four-year contract instead, and whether United bow to their demands is something only time will tell. Garnacho’s impressive displays this term have also meant he and his camp what a higher wage than what United were originally willing to pay. The Red Devils have been hoping to give him a salary worth £32,000-a-week. Yet they want over £40,000 and there’s uncertainty behind the scenes over whether that would be a good decision at the current moment in time. United do think, however, that Garnacho is a generational talent who can be a vital asset for many years to come. DON’T MISS:Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see And with Marcus Rashford’s long-term future unresolved, they are ‘determined Garnacho won’t slip through the net’. Ten Hag reprimanded the United youngster earlier in the season after he missed two team meetings. But the Dutchman feels Garnacho is a talent worth nurturing and it’s claimed United are ‘edging closer’ to getting their way. Garnacho has been linked with a move to Real Madrid amid the uncertainty over his future. And Barcelona and Juventus have been linked with the forward as well. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking before United’s 1-1 draw with Crystal Palace on Wednesday, meanwhile, Ten Hag hailed Garnacho for the progress he’d made so far. "Yeah, he’s [improving] a lot," said the 52-year-old, whose side face Arsenal up next on Sunday. "He has skill and I don’t see that many players, even in the Premier League, who have that skill, like he beats players one-on-one. “But he learned in the last months how to play in the team and how to live and do the right things in the week, and how to have the right attitude on the training ground. "You can see how he is acting as a team player. But his individual skills can make the difference. “Also, for him, it’s to keep going in the process, it’s not done as there is a lot to come and a lot more room for improvement for him, but he can help contribute on the highest level. "I’m really happy. It is a bonus for us, as a club, that you bring in young players who come into the squad and even come into the team. “I think also it is a part of our project that has to contribute to our success.”