  Geordie Shore star Vicky Pattison, 35, has revealed she “spent the day crying” after suffering a setback with her fertility journey. The I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! winner is currently in the process of freezing her eggs.     However, Vicky was dismayed when a cyst was discovered on her ovary, which must be removed before her treatment can continue. The star opened up about the emotional news in a new Instagram post in view of her 5.2 million followers. She wrote: “Unfortunately yesterday didn't go as planned and I have another cyst on one of my ovaries. “As the injections I would have to administer as part of my fertility treatment are predominantly oestrogen - rather than stimulating the ovary follicles which is what we want to happen - it would end up instead predominantly feeding the cyst and treatment would be wasted. READ MORE: Sister of Beatles' legend George Harrison dies in Florida       “I'm naturally a little bit disappointed and spent most of yesterday crying and just feeling super drained. “It was as if someone had let all the air out of a balloon,” the star continued. “But I suppose that was just all the angst and nervous energy leaving my body and making me feel like a human raisin,” she added with a laughing emoji. “This is pretty common and as I am beginning to learn these journeys aren't often linear and there may be plenty more ups and downs for me as I go.    “So I need to brace myself for that and be thankful that I'm in a position to have options - which I truly am. “And I want more women to know that it isn't easy for lots of us... and you're not alone. “No matter how it may feel. I've made my peace with this today. “I'm going back to work, I'm going to focus on other things and I will try again next month,” she concluded with a heart emoji. READ MORE... A Place In The Sun presenter Jasmine Harman hit with 'sad news' [INSIGHT] Rod Stewart causes stir with appearance at Essex pub after outburst [UPDATE] Eamonn Holmes admits Charles 'doesn't trust me' over kiss with Camilla [NEWS]      Vicky is engaged to her fiance Ercan Ramadan, who had a short stint on TOWIE. The builder and the reality star met through mutual friends back in 2019, after which they started dating. Ercan got down on one knee in February last year, while the couple were enjoying a trip to Dubai. Taking to social media at the time, Vicky shared a sweet snap from the special moment, which took place in front of the Dubai skyline.      "I choose you and I'll choose you over and over without pause, without a doubt, in a heartbeat… “It'll always be you,” she added with a heart emoji. "To our forever @ercan_ram…” The pair are now planning a wedding for 2024, and Vicky appears to be over the moon.Vicky rose to fame on reality shows Geordie Shore from 2011 until 2014, Ex on the Beach in 2014 and 2015 and I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here!, which she won in 2015. In 2016, Vicky became a permanent member on the panel of the ITV daytime chat show Loose Women.  