Novak Djokovic was forced to take a speedy bathroom break at the Australian Open when he told the umpire he needed the toilet five games into his first-round match against Roberto Carballes Baena. The fourth seed was seen asking the official but sprinted off the court and past security before getting a response, as commentators suggested he left without permission. Djokovic took arguably one of the fastest toilet breaks seen in tennis, in what appeared to be a miscommunication as he asked to use the bathroom before running off court just 25 minutes into his opening match at the Australian Open. "Hello? Hello? Hello? I need to go to the toilet," the Serb told chair official Aurelie Tourte before he ran off court without waiting for an answer, likely too desperate to wait. A security guard at the entrance of Rod Laver Arena also tries to stop him from running off, but Djokovic quickly returns just seconds after the umpire calls time at the end of the changeover. Commentators on Australia's host broadcaster Nine were quick to question whether the world No 5 had defied security by running off to the toilet. "He needs to go to the toilet? After five games? Well I think he's actually pulled rank there as well. I think that official was trying to pull him back," Mark Woodforde remarked. JUST IN: Ons Jabeur makes kinky husband remark after Australian Open win  They continued to discuss the incident among themselves, appearing confused at Djokovic's decision to take a quick toilet break in the allotted changeover time. "Okay, so I think he's gone off without permission it seems," another added. "It seemed very strange he wasn't allowed to go off, it seemed. And it seems like he did pull rank, Because the linesman said 'no no, you can't go off at this stage. After the first set, yes'." DON'T MISS'Devastated' Kyrgios shares surgery plans after Aus Open withdrawalNine Aus Open stars pulled out in same round due to horrible heatMcEnroe shares Kyrgios 'issues' before star's Australian Open pullout   The umpire's walkie-talkie could then be heard on the broadcast, as Tourte was alerted by security when Djokovic left the court. But he reappeared just moments later, as she called time at the end of the changeover. Djokovic had been forced to come from 0-40 down in his previous service game before taking his quick toilet break, and was able to break Carballes Baena's serve for the first time in the match when he returned before going on to take the opening set 6-3 in 43 minutes.