A sheriff has identified the family of six who were murdered in a gang shooting. In a press conference over the shooting, Tulare County Sheriff Mike Boudreaux called the killings similar to a “cartel-style execution”. The victims, who were killed early on Monday, were identified as: 72-year-old Rosa Parraz, 52-year-old Eladio Parraz Jr., 50-year-old Jennifer Analla, 19-year-old Marcos Parraz, 16-year-old Elyssa Parraz and 10-month-old Nycholas Parraz. Sheriff Boudreaux added: “Let me make this very clear: Not all these people in this home were gang members and not all these people in this home were drug dealers.” He singled out Rosa and Elyssa as likely innocent, and Nycholas as “obviously innocent”. The Sheriff added that there is possibly a third suspect, unidentified publicly at this time as “they are watching this press conference”, but clarified officials have privately identified suspects. He also confirmed that on January 3, Tulare County Sheriff patrol officers visited the home in Goshen, California, for a “parole compliance check”. This compliance check found Eladio Parraz Jr, who was “already on felony convictions”, was in “felony possession of ammunition, felony possession of a firearm, felony possession of a short-barrelled rifle, felony possession of an assault weapon, a loaded firearm, and felony possessions of a controlled substance”. “He unfortunately was able to be bailed out four days later”, Sheriff Boudreaux said, also confirming guns, marijuana and methamphetamine were seized from the property. Sheriff Boudreaux then added: “This home was known to us, that’s how I’m able to say that this is a gang related activity. READ MORE: Six dead including baby in suspected 'gang' shooting “I’ve also been quoted as saying this was a ‘cartel-like’ execution, make no mistake I’m not saying that this is a cartel but also make clear that I am not eliminating this possibility. “These people were clearly shot in the head, and they were also shot in places that the shooter would know quick death would occur. This is also similar to high ranking gang officials in the style of executions that they commit. “So we don’t know if it is a gang-affiliated shooting, a cartel-affiliated killing, or if the two are combined, but what we can tell you is that the manner in which this occurred is definitely one of the two if not both combined.” Speaking at the press conference, Sheriff Boudreaux said: “It’s shocking for the nation. “Not only is it shocking for the small farming town for this to take place, it’s shocking to our county, it’s shocking to our state and I’ve gotta tell you I’m receiving phone calls from fellow law enforcement all across the country.” Previously, Sheriff Boudreaux told The Los Angeles Times a deputy responding to the call found the infant cradled in the arms of her 17-year-old mother in a ditch outside the home. Another victim was in the doorway, and three more were inside, including an older woman, the sheriff said. All were dead at the scene except for a man who died after being taken to a hospital. Two women survived the attack by hiding in a nearby trailer, the sheriff said. The authorities did not release the names of the surviving victims. Tulare County officials have made a number of arrests in recent years related to drug trafficking. A traffic stop in 2020 led the Tulare County Sheriff’s Office to find 50 pounds of methamphetamine inside a car. When asked at the presser about Tulare County’s gang and drug crime, Sheriff Boudreaux said: “I think we’re starting to see is that gangs have existed for many many years in California through our state correctional system, evolving into the community. “It’s all surrounding geographical ownership, as well as being able to make money, whether that’s through prostitution, whether that’s through extortion, whether that’s through drug dealing or arms dealing. “What we’ve seen is that gangs don’t typically want to be identified by law enforcement, and so they’ll live peacefully and quietly within a quiet community. “What I would also reiterate is that California has taken a very ‘soft on crime’ approach. We have to begin holding people accountable for violent crimes.”