Former Tottenham midfielder Jamie O’Hara launched a furious rant at the current Spurs squad, claiming several players are not good enough and that boss Antonio Conte will walk away from the club without a £200million transfer spend from the board in January. The north London side have failed to win a game since returning from the World Cup break, drawing at Brentford and suffering defeat at home to Aston Villa. Conte’s future at the club remains uncertain, with his contract expiring at the end of the season. And fresh demands to improve the squad has led many to believe that he will not secure the financial backing he desires and that an extension won't be signed. O’Hara slammed Japhet Tanganga, Eric Dier, Ryan Sessegnon, Matt Doherty and Emerson Royal as examples of the lack of quality in the squad in a scathing rant. “This season we have gone backwards and the players haven’t been good enough,” O’Hara told Sky Sports. “They are miles off it. They have lost a bit of belief, and Conte is stubborn with his formation and his tactics. But come on, look at the squad of players. Tanganga, Eric Dier, Sessegnon, Matt Doherty. Good players, but we want to compete, we want to kick on. “Arsenal have kicked on, look at Arsenal. We pipped them to the post last season, we got fourth spot, I thought ‘Right let’s go we can kick on now as a football club’, we have gone backwards. Poor investment, poor player signings, ain’t been good enough, manager’s not being backed, not spending enough money, board not good enough, manager losing hope, for me it’s all downhill from here. READ MORE: Man Utd owners the Glazers may make U-turn and allow bonus signing “I can’t see it changing anytime soon unless the board put their hand in their pocket and go ‘We need to spend £150-200million to get back amongst it’. No [they won’t invest], I think Conte will walk in the end, I think he will go. Why would he sign a new deal if he is not being backed? Why would he sign a new deal when he is going in saying ‘Look I need two centre-halves, Tottenham need two top-class centre-halves. I play three-at-the-back, I need top-class players around me. I need top-class wing-backs’. “He has brought in [Ivan] Perisic, he’s 33. Sessegnon is not good enough, he’s brought in Djed Spence who he doesn’t trust and didn’t really want, and he’s got Matt Doherty and Royal to choose from. Come on! I mean what chance have you got? We have had Kyle Walker playing for Tottenham, we have had top players at this football club, where is the investment?” DON'T MISS:Liverpool discover fee needed for Dortmund to sell Bellingham in JanuaryTottenham 'meddling' in Leicester transfer with bid 'to change everything'Man Utd have obvious mega deal to go after as Chelsea open the door Richarlison, Perisic, Yves Bissouma, Clement Lenglet, Fraser Forster and Spence were brought to the club in the summer, while Cristian Romero’s loan was made permanent and Destiny Udogie was signed for next season. “Where are the top players coming in?” O’Hara continued. “He is looking at it like ‘Well I am not signing a new deal, why would I sign a new deal if you are not going to back me and give me money to spend and bring in some top players, because I need that’. We are nowhere near it. He did brilliant getting Tottenham to the Champions League last season, found a way to get it over the line. “He did unbelievable to get Tottenham in the top four, Champions League football with that squad of players and then this season the club has gone backwards. Because he hasn’t been backed, and they haven’t brought in top, top players. They have brought in good players, we need top players.”