Russian mourners have vowed to "crush the enemy together" after Ukraine flattens barracks in Makiivka on New Year's Eve. Around 200 people laid roses and wreaths in Samara as an Orthodox priest recited a prayer. Samara, which is Russia's eighth-largest city, was home to some of the servicemen stationed in Makiivka. Soldiers also fired a gun salute at the commemoration and some mourners clutched onto flags for Vladimir Putin's ruling United Russia party, the Guardian has claimed. Ekaterina Kolotovkina, head of a group of army spouses, said at the ceremony: "It’s very tough, it’s scary. But we cannot be broken. Grief unites." Ms Kolotovkina also said she asked her husband, who is a general, to "avenge" the victims. JUST IN: Germany snubs Poland’s renewed demand for £1.2trillion in World War Two reparations She added: "We will crush the enemy together. We are left with no choice." Ukraine claimed 400 people died after a Himars attack flattened a Russian army barracks in the eastern region of the ex-Soviet state. Kyiv's estimates, which indicated "about 400" people died, appear to have been corroborated by some pro-Russian separatists. Kremlin-backers in the region have argued that "hundreds" had died, according to the Telegraph. READ MORE: Dramatic moment another Russian ammunition depot is blown to smithereens by Ukraine Ex-separatist commander Igor Girkin tallied the number of casualties as "in the several hundreds" in an update on his official Telegram account. Moscow claimed 63 men were killed in a strike against a "temporary facility for Russian troops". If Russia's account is to be believed, then the death toll is significantly less than the number who perished following the sinking of Moskva. However, the count is likely to be a significant underestimation. DON'T MISS: 'Guilty Putin' must face war crime trial, says lawyer [INSIGHT] Ukrainians sing national anthem as Russia launches drone attacks [REPORT]Putin nightmare as hospital treats 350 Russian soldiers  [REVEAL] Ultra-nationalist politicians in Russia labelled the attack as a "tragedy" and blamed its military for being too careless. Officials in Donetsk on Monday appeared to lament the Russian victims for giving away their location through mobile phone data. They alleged Ukraine was able to detect an unusual "activity of the mobile network and location of the subscribers".