As the number of electric cars increases on British roads, it's only natural that potential owners wish to know as much about EVs as possible. With that in mind, UK car leasing experts, Nationwide Vehicle Contracts, have looked at and answered the most frequently asked EV questions. Electric vehicles are perfectly safe to take to a car wash. Just like regular petrol or diesel vehicles, electric cars have to go through a ‘soak test’. This is where vehicles are tested and subjected to near-flood water levels to check for possible leaks, which is carried out to ensure the car is safe. Yes, all-electric cars are built to meet the same strict design and manufacturing regulations as any conventional petrol and diesel vehicles. READ MORE: Four simple money-saving tips for the new year  They go through the same rigorous process to ensure the cars are as safe as possible. Manufacturers then subject all their vehicles - including their electric offerings - to a Euro NCAP assessment and practically all-electric vehicles perform as well as similarly-sized and equipped internal combustion models. Sold structures, extensive crumple zones and multiple airbags ensure that passengers are as well protected as possible in the event of an accident. Plus, with electric vehicles having large, heavy battery packs and the need to absorb the increased energy they create in a collision, electric vehicle designers arguably have to work harder to attain outstanding crashworthiness.  DON'T MISS The biggest winter fuel-guzzling myths debunked [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of possible leaks and corrosion when choosing E10 [WARNING] Government urged to take action on UK’s worsening pothole problem [REVEAL] Yes, drivers can charge their phones inside an electric vehicle by plugging their phone into the car’s USB port. However, if motorists are concerned that it will drain electricity from the vehicle’s battery, most electric cars have an eco-mode driver setting that increases the efficiency of the electric vehicle. It does this by limiting the amount of power drivers have for electric systems mode and will limit some functions, meaning a phone might not charge as quickly. Nevertheless, drivers won’t be draining the vehicle’s battery anytime soon from charging phones. READ MORE: Electric car owners urged to 'maximise' range in winter  Nearly all electric vehicles are automatic since an electric motor doesn’t need gears. This means there’s no clutch and no way of stalling, unlike a standard manual car. Turning on the air con on full blast can reduce the range of your electric vehicle by 17 percent, meaning if drivers are planning a 100-mile trip, they could only travel 83 miles. However, most electric cars have a feature called preconditioning, which allows drivers to pre-cool the vehicle’s cabin before a long journey. This feature works best when the car is plugged in overnight, as instead of taking energy from the electric vehicle battery, it will be taken from the mains, so the battery life won’t be affected. This means, on hot summer days, drivers won’t need to have the air conditioning on full blast, which drains the energy faster.  Most electric cars operate at voltages between 12 and 48 volts which can be dangerous but is unlikely to give a fatal shock. Of course, any piece of electrical equipment is potentially hazardous, but a shock drivers are likely to get is static electricity from touching it in dry weather, the same as a regular car. As for the electrical energy stored in the battery, the high voltage cables are thickly insulated and well-protected in the event of an accident. Therefore, as long as safety regulations are adhered to, there should be no danger of an electric shock. Just like a conventional petrol or diesel car, when it comes to driving through flood water, drivers should always find an alternative route. The Environment Agency warns that just 300mm of flowing water is enough to float a vehicle. In an electric car, this means that the circuit breakers can trip if a car is submerged in water and water gets into the electrical system. As such, the car’s flow of power from the batteries to the motor is interrupted, and drivers may be left stranded. 