The Last of Us continues to air on HBO and Sky and the latest episode featured a heartbreaking death. The second episode, called Infection, saw Tess (played by Anna Torv) join Joel (Pedro Pascal) and Ellie (Bella Ramsey) as they attempted to meet the Fireflies. Actor Pedro paid tribute to one of the stars following the harrowing instalment. The group was supposed to meet the Fireflies, but they discovered they had all been killed. Tess then revealed a bite mark on her neck and she decided to stay behind in order to give Joel and Ellie time to escape. She sacrificed herself by setting the building alight as she knew she would die either way. After the episode, Pedro took to Instagram to mourn the loss of Tess. READ MORE: Tess' fate in The Last of Us TV show is very different to the game He shared a video clip with the caption: "Violins" and a broken heart emoji. Actress Bella commented on the post with a series of violin emojis. Tess star Anna does not appear to be on social media and she is yet to speak out about her co-star's tribute. In the video game, Tess sacrifices herself against a group of FEDRA soldiers. She manages to kill two of them before she is shot dead, having been bitten before. Viewers took to Twitter to share their thoughts after the tragic death scene. Chris said: "THEY MADE TESS' DEATH EVEN SADDER WHAT THE HELL HBO. Anna Torv performance was heartbreaking." [Sic] @Buggyant said: "I don’t know how I feel about Tess’s death. DON'T MISS... The Last of Us fans 'work out' source of infection outbreak Despite getting bitten Ellie hasn't been affected by the fungus Here's a look at The Last of Us star Pedro Pascal's age "I guess it’s more tragic, but going from her dying fighting (even taking down two soldiers) in the game to her just losing bodily autonomy and being kissed by an infected… idk, unnecessary icky." [Sic] @Fortheglorywlw shared the clip of Tess being 'kissed' by the infected and blowing up the building. They said: "This scene was so.. ew. I really didn't expect this, how it was possible to make the infection even more disgusting than this... I'm so sorry Tess." Maena shared an image of a shocked face, saying: "Me when I thought I knew how Tess was gonna die in the show but then they made it 10 times worse." It appears viewers were not prepared for Tess' death to be so gruesome. Actress Anna, 43, is otherwise known for her roles in The Newsreader, Mindhunter and Secret City. Her film credits include Stephanie and The Daughter, and she is working on a new project called Force of Nature.  The Last of Us airs on HBO on Sundays in the US. Viewers in the UK can watch via Sky Atlantic and NOW