Nile Gardiner has blasted Prince Harry's "hatchet job attack" on the Royal Family for backfiring "spectacularly" during an appearance on GB News. The former aide to Margaret Thatcher noted that the backlash following Spare's release could also be causing "divisions in camp Harry and Meghan". The prince has seen a dip in his popularity both in the UK and US since the book came out, as he made numerous damaging allegations about the Firm. Mr Gardiner told host Dan Wootton: "My view is that Harry's hatchet job attack on the Royal Family has been a really vicious piece of work actually. "It has spectacularly backfired fortunately upon both Harry and Meghan here. "I think the British public have turned Harry really into a pariah as a result of this very nasty book. "Also in the United States as well, the popularity of Harry and Meghan has fallen significantly and I do think that Harry and Meghan definitely underestimated the level of backlash there was going to be against Spare. "Hence the reason I think Meghan has been rather quiet." He added: "This book has been a spectacular disaster I think, in terms of their image and standing." READ MORE: Camilla’s ex-bodyguard hired as King's head driver in palace shake-up Mr Wootton then questioned if Meghan could be attempting to "distance" herself from her husband following the negative publicity. Mr Gardiner responded: "I do think we are beginning to see divisions in camp Harry and Meghan because this book has been absolutely disastrous I think for their standing and their image. "I think there will be fallout from this. DON'T MISS:King Charles is showing ‘weakness’ in response to Harry and Andrew [LATEST]Tory MP claims ‘massive arms factory’ must be built in Poland  [REPORT]Prince Harry was 'brought up better' and should remember Diana [SPOTLIGHT] "I would not be surprised if Meghan is deeply unhappy about the backlash the book has received." The Duchess of Sussex has notably kept a low profile since Spare was published, with Harry giving a number of interviews to news outlets in the UK and US. According to Hello! magazine Meghan is taking a step back to focus on the couple's children, Archie, three, and Lilibet, one.