Chilling new details have emerged on the movements of the Idaho murders suspect following the release of a police affidavit relating to the case. Police sought a white sedan which drove up and down a quiet residential street in Moscow, Idaho again and again in the early hours of the morning. The white Hyundai Elantra allegedly belonged to Bryan Kohberger - four University of Idaho students who lived on the road were found stabbed to death in their homes later that morning.  With little else to go on as a panicked community demanded answers, investigators canvassed security footage from the neighbourhood - including one recording of the car speeding away after the slayings - to get a sense of the killer’s possible movements, the affidavit said. Eventually, police were able to narrow down the white sedan to a 2015 white Hyundai Elantra registered to 28-year-old Bryan Kohberger, according to the document. He was studying his doctorate in Criminology just across the border at Washington State University in Pullman - about a 15-minute drive from where the students were slain. Further investigation matched Kohberger's DNA to the button of a knife sheath left at the crime scene, the affidavit revealed. "Tracking movements in public is an important technique when you haven’t identified any suspects," said Mary D. Fan, a criminal law professor at the University of Washington. She added: "You can see movements in public even if you don’t have probable cause to get a warrant. We live in a time of ubiquitous cameras. This is a remarkable account of what piecing together that audio-visual data can do." The car’s first pass by the home was recorded at 3.29am on November 13 -less than an hour before Kaylee Goncalves, Madison Mogen, Xana Kernodle and Ethan Chapin were stabbed to death in their rooms, Moscow Police Corporal Brett Payne wrote in the affidavit.  The vehicle drove by twice more and was recorded passing the camera a fourth time at 4.04am, Payne wrote. The White car wasn't seen again until it sped away 16 minutes later. "This is a residential neighbourhood with a very limited number of vehicles that travel in the area during the early morning hours," Payne wrote. "Upon review of the video there are only a few cars that enter and exit this area during this time frame." A forensic examiner for the FBI said the car was likely a 2011-2013 Hyundai Elantra but later added that it could be as new as a 2016 model. Surveillance footage from the Washington State University campus offered further tantalizing information: A similar vehicle headed out of town just before 3am on the day of the killings and reappeared on cameras in Pullman just before 5.30am, the affidavit said. On November 25, the Moscow Police Department asked regional law enforcement to look for a white Elantra. Three nights later, a WSU police officer ran a query for any white Elantras on campus. One came back as having a Pennsylvania license plate and being registered to Kohberger. Within half an hour, another campus officer located the vehicle parked at Kohberger’s apartment complex. It came back as having Washington state tags. Five days after the killings, Kohberger had switched the registration from Pennsylvania, his home state, to Washington, the affidavit said.  READ MORE: Harry says he was 'probably bigoted' before he met Meghan Markle An examination of Kohberger's driving licence information and photo showed police that he is 6 feet tall and 185 pounds with bushy eyebrows - a description matching an account which a surviving roommate gave to police. More research revealed that Kohberger had been pulled over by a Latah County, Idaho, sheriff’s deputy in August while driving the Elantra. He gave the deputy a cell phone number. Armed with that number, Payne obtained search warrants for the phone’s historical data. The location data showed the phone was near his home in Pullman until about 2.42am on the morning of the killings. Five minutes later, the phone started using cellular resources located southeast of the home - consistent with Kohberger traveling south, the affidavit said. There was no other location data available from the phone until 4.48am, suggesting Kohberger may have turned it off during the attack in an effort to avoid detection, the affidavit said. The data then showed Kohberger took a roundabout route through other towns to travel back to Washington. The cell phone data also included another chilling detail, the affidavit said: The phone returned to the victims’ neighbourhood hours after the attack, around 9am. But even though one of the surviving housemates had seen a strange man inside and heard crying after 4am, the killings were not reported to police until later that day, and there was no police response at the scene by nine.  DON'T MISS:Trump allies call 'b******t' as rivals blame ex-POTUS for Speaker woes [REPORT]Harry decision to 'drag' William into Nazi costume scandal 'strange' [INSIGHT]Idaho murderer headed straight 'for one of the girls on 3rd floor' [ANALYSIS] Although police knew Kohberger was a person of interest by November 29, they released a statement asking locals to look out for a white 2011-13 Elantra. It is unclear why police released the statement if they were already examining Kohberger. Police sometimes use press statements to throw off suspects to keep them from thinking they are under investigation. Kohberger apparently remained at WSU until mid-December, when he drove to his parents’ house in Pennsylvania, accompanied by his father, in the Elantra. While driving through Indiana, Kohberger was pulled over twice on the same day for tailgating. The suspect made an initial appearance in an Idaho courtroom on Thursday following his extradition from Pennsylvania, where he was arrested last week. His attorney didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment, though a public defender who represented him in Pennsylvania, Jason LaBar, has said he is eager to be exonerated and should not be tried "in the court of public opinion". Kohberger is charged with four counts of first-degree murder and felony burglary. A status hearing in the case is set for January 12. 