A childhood friend of the man suspected of murdering four University of Idaho students in their off-campus home claims he was "mean" in high school. Former pal Thomas spoke after Kohberger was arrested on Friday at his parents' house in Pennsylvania and charged with four counts of first-degree murder. Speaking to ABC 7, Thomas claimed Kohberger could be "mean" and liked to appear dominant. He said: "He would, like, grapple me and like, put me in headlocks and arm bars and stuff like that." The Washington State University PhD student is planning to waive his right to an extradition hearing later this week and voluntarily return to Idaho to face the charges. Moscow Police Chief James Fry said on Friday officials believe they have arrested the perpetrator of the gruesome murders of Kaylee Goncalves, Madison Mogen, Xana Kernodle and Ethan Chapin. JUST IN: Jeremy Renner in 'critical but stable condition' after Marvel star 'airlifted to hospital' But Kohberger's family have said in a statement they will support him and "promote his presumption of innocence" while expressing their support to the families of the victims. The statement read: "First and foremost we care deeply for the four families who have lost their precious children. "There are no words that can adequately express the sadness we feel, and we pray each day for them. We will continue to let the legal process unfold and as a family we will love and support our son and brother. "We have fully cooperated with law enforcement agencies in an attempt to seek the truth and promote his presumption of innocence rather than judge unknown facts and make erroneous assumptions." READ MORE: Up to 500 patients die every week due to delays in NHS emergency care, warns top doctor Reports from CNN sources claimed Kohberger was traced through DNA found at the scene and connected to the PhD student via minute research through a public database and genetic genealogy techniques. Former FBI agent Pete Yachmetz said: "What most likely happened is that the crime scene was a mess and there was DNA evidence left all over the place. "So what they did was retrieved all the DNA evidence they could and analyzed it.” Mr Yachmetz suggested the extensive DNA analysis contributed to the length of the investigation, which sparked the frustration of the victims' families. He added: "What I think took a long time was the massive amount of evidence they collected. You just don’t put a droplet under a microscope and then you can analyze it.” DON'T MISS Woman chased girl, 15, and stabbed her Chihuahua in horrifying attackBaggage handler killed after being sucked into airplane engineDoctor found frozen to death in pond as US storm leaves 62 dead A source close to the investigation said phone data had revealed Kohberger was often in the same location as Goncalves, Mogen, Kernodle and Chapin. They said :"So freaking scary and disturbing. I've been so invested in this case the last six weeks, and to find out how close he is to us – and that one of our friends found him and arrested him is just crazy." Kohberger's public defender Jason LaBar said he is "eager to be exonerated of these charges and looks forward to resolving these matters as promptly as possible."