Gary Lineker has expressed his surprise that the BBC decided to issue an official apology after the network's pre-match build-up to Liverpool's win over Wolves in the FA Cup was disrupted by an elaborate prank. The 62-year-old and his fellow pundits were left stunned just moments into the broadcast when awkward sexual moans began to play loudly in the studio, although they all managed to keep it together and worked through the noise as it continued to be heard in the background. The noises played intermittently right up until kick-off at Molineux and caused a stir on social media as viewers struggled to wrap their heads around what was happening, with many poking fun at Lineker and the BBC for attempting to carry on with their pre-match analysis in spite of the obvious prank that was being played. Lineker was later quizzed on the incident by Newsnight and admitted that he found it funny despite being left in a tricky position as he valiantly tried to continue with a straight face. "If you'd told me this morning I'd be on Newsnight talking about a porn scandal, I'd have been terrified," joked Lineker. "Thankfully it was just something that happened in the studio. "When it started I did recognise that sound, I think we've all been done with that when you open up a Whatsapp or something, or somebody has sent it to you as a trick on the train or when you're busy in people's company. It was quite difficult to cope with the pre-match build up and I thought maybe it had gone to one of the pundits' phones, but then I thought no, it's too loud. Then we obviously worked out it was a prank. JUST IN: Manchester United bring Jadon Sancho back to first team training "It was so loud I couldn't hear anything from Danny Murphy or Paul Ince, or even when I spoke to Alan Shearer. We had like five minutes more to go, is it going to stop? Every time we went to a VT it stopped, so then I thought it was being done by somebody watching the TV and waiting until we come on." Lineker went on to question the BBC's decision to issue a formal apology after the end of the broadcast and insisted that he did not have any hard feelings for the pranksters involved, who he gave credit to for successfully pulling off the stunt. "I have to say I think it's funny," he added. "I know the BBC brought out an apology. I know not why, they've certainly got nothing to apologise for. I doubt [people were offended]. "It was quite hard to just carry on and take it seriously when this was going on. It added to the whole game, I don't think anyone cared! We had a screamer of a goal that would have [ordinarily] been the tone for the show. "I think the only thing that the authorities would have been worried about was that it was a security issue. As pranks go, it was a good one and credit to them!" Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.