A GB news guest has come out in support of Boris Johnson, urging him to “try and return democracy” to the Tory party as he blasted Rishi Sunak and Jeremy Hunt for their vision. Conservative commentator Adam Brooks appeared on GB news last night and spoke with host Dan Wootton about how Mr Sunak and Mr Hunt have "lost their support from the people".  He told Mr Wootton: “You don’t have to like him to acknowledge, if Boris came back, that’s their only chance of competing in a general election. “They are going to get annihilated. You have got people like me who are very supportive of the Conservatives in past years. “I would never vote for Rishi Sunak and Jeremy Hunt.”   He then went on ahead to speak about Mr Hunt’s vision of taxation. Guardian reported that Jeremy Hunt is planning a “slimmed down” spring budget with no immediate tax cuts as the Conservatives press ahead with attempts to win back economic credibility after the damage inflicted by the Liz Truss administration. Mr Brooks continued: “Jeremy Hunt’s vision of taxing the population into oblivion, making mums and our grandparents working till they are 60 is not conservative vision I see. “No small business I know would vote for this Conservative Government. READ MORE: Clock ticking for Zahawi after missing PMQs as Sunak handed deadline  “They might not vote for Labour either, but they are certainly not going to vote for this Conservative Government. They are not Conservatives. “They haven’t listened to their members. Their arrogance last year has cost all this turbulence in the markets, in our political spectrum.” Mr Johnson resigned from the post of the PM in July 2022 after facing a series of scandals. He was fined for breaking lockdown rules, after attending a gathering on his birthday in June 2020. DON'T MISS:Queen Sonja of Norway set to unveil new exhibition in Oslo [REVEAL]Amazon workers to stage first-ever UK strike over low pay  [SPOTLIGHT]NASA unveils plans to test nuclear-powered rockets  [INSIGHT] Mr Brooks said: “Boris wasn’t perfect but is he was still the PM, it would have a lot smoother 2022. He is the only person that had a mandate from the people. “I don’t want to see Rishi Sunak and Jeremy Hunt leading our country either. So something got to change that.” 