Astrologers have predicted what’s in store for the Monkey this year when it comes to love, career, and other aspects of its life. They have also detailed the Monkey’s personality traits, demonstrating what people who are born during the Year of the Monkey are like. The Monkey is the ninth of 12 animals in the recurring 12-year Chinese zodiac cycle. The 12 zodiac animals are, in order: Rat, Ox, Tiger, Rabbit, Dragon, Snake, Horse, Goat, Monkey, Rooster, Dog, and Pig. A Monkey year occurs every 12 years. Recent years of the Monkey include 1956, 1968, 1980, 1992, 2004, 2016, and 2028. In China, people born in a year of the Monkey are called “Monkeys”, according to astrologers at China Highlights. Usually, if you were born in a year matching the corresponding 12-year cycle, such as 1980, you're a Monkey. The astrologers went on to share the Monkey’s personality traits, and what lies ahead for them this year. READ MORE: Charlotte's 'best type of uncle and auntie' but it's not the Sussexes People born in a year of the Monkey have “magnetic personalities and are witty and intelligent”. They are mischievous, curious, and clever. The astrologers continued: “Monkeys are masters of practical jokes, because they like playing most of the time. Although they don't have bad intentions, their pranks sometimes hurt other people's feelings. “Monkeys are fast learners and crafty opportunists. They have many interests and need partners who are capable of stimulating them. “While some like the eccentric nature of Monkeys, others don't trust their sly, restless, and inquisitive nature. “Although they are clever and creative, Monkeys can't always exhibit their talents properly. They like to accept challenges and prefer urban life to rural life.” The lucky colours Monkeys should look out for are white, blue, and gold. Meanwhile, their lucky numbers are four and nine. READ MORE: Face yoga expert's routine to reduce nasolabial fold lines takes seconds Since each sign of the zodiac has different characteristics, there are some signs they will get on with better than others. The Monkey is most compatible with the Rat, Dragon, or Dog, whereas it gets along least well with the Ox or the Tiger. Astrologers at China Highlights said: “Monkeys work very hard in their careers, and they can adapt well to different working environments.” Good career choices for Monkeys include accounting and banking, science, engineering, stock market trading, air traffic control, film directing, jewellery, and sales. Astrologers predicted what the next few months have in store for Monkeys, saying: “Monkeys, your overall horoscope for 2023 includes plenty of ups and downs. “You are forecast twists and turns in your career fortunes, mainly because of problems in interpersonal relationships. In terms of earnings, because of your unstable career fortune, your income will decrease a lot. “As long as you do your job well and show your excellent ability, you can outshine the criticism and be recognised by everyone. “In 2023, the relational fortune of you Monkeys will show an overall upward trend. Your self-confidence will increase, and your whole person will become more radiant. Monkey people who already have a partner, your relationship with your partner will heat up this year.”