The San Francisco African American Reparations Advisory Committee, which advises the city on developing a reparation plan, released the proposal for the mammoth $50bn payout in a draft report. Critics say if adopted it could bankrupt the city and say California was never deemed to be a “slave state”.  Conservative commentator Candace Owens said: “Stealing money from individuals who have never owned slaves and awarding it to individuals who have never been slaves within a state that has never had slavery is peak Leftist insanity. It is wildly discriminatory and utterly defunct of any morality.” The state of California has previously recommended that anyone directly descended from slaves should be paid $223,000 (€205,000) in compensation “for the enduring economic effects of racism and slavery”. California has around 2.6 million black residents, of whom an estimated two million would qualify, costing the state about $500billion. But under the San Francisco proposal, the state bill would top $10 trillion. The new report says the public policy was influenced by the wider American nation’s history of slavery, segregation, white supremacy and the systematic repression and exclusion of black people. The draft includes a long list of financial recommendations for Black San Francisco residents, including a one-time, lump sum payment of $5 million (£4m) to each eligible individual to “compensate the affected population for the decades of harms that they have experienced”.   It adds: “This will redress the economic and opportunity losses that Black San Franciscans have endured, collectively, as the result of both intentional decisions and unintended harms perpetuated by City policy.” To be eligible, the document said people must be aged 18, identified as Black or African American on public documents for at least 10 years and prove at least two of eight additional criteria. The plan also calls on the city to “supplement lower-income recipients’ income” to reflect the Area Median Income (AMI), of $97,000, (£78,000). It adds: "Racial disparities across all metrics have led to a significant racial wealth gap in the City of San Francisco. "By elevating income to match AMI, Black people can better afford housing and achieve a better quality of life." The committee has no authority to implement its recommendations and it will be down to the San Francisco Board of Supervisors to accept, amend or reject the full report, when it is published in June. But John Dennis, chairman of the San Francisco Republican Party, warned the proposed payments would plunge the city into a financial crisis. He added: “I think there’s a discussion of good faith to be had about reparations and this isn’t the way to do it.”  