Newcastle defender Dan Burn has been in excellent form in the Premier League this season, with his performances helping the Magpies climb to third in the table. But fans have noticed the 6ft 7in giant is missing a finger. So why does the ace only have nine digits? Burn was born in Blyth and, after being released by the Newcastle academy, he played for Blyth Spartans as a youngster before joining Darlington. When the player was just 13 years old, he was wearing a ring while climbing a fence and caught it on a spike, according to the Free Library. The incident led to Burn losing his finger. But the 30-year-old hasn’t let it affect him and signed for his boyhood club Newcastle last January after impressing on the south coast for Brighton. After putting pen to paper on a deal at Newcastle, Burn said: “I’m buzzing to be here. I never thought I’d be in this position so to be a Newcastle player and to be around St James’ Park, it’s something I’ve dreamt of since I was a kid. From sitting in the East Stand as a kid to now, it’s crazy.” Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    And boss Eddie Howe added: “I'm delighted to bring Dan back to the north east. He knows exactly what it means to represent this club and he will be a big presence for us on and off the pitch. We have been very keen to add competition defensively and Dan fits the profile we have been looking for. He is naturally left-footed, which provides further balance to our backline, and he will be a great addition to the group.” Burn made his Football League debut with Darlington in 2009. The player was then snapped up by Premier League giants Fulham in the summer of 2011, before embarking on a loan spell with Yeovil Town a year later. DON'T MISSChelsea ace Marc Cucurella causes Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink and Jamie Carragher disagreementShakhtar chief spotted yards from Todd Boehly as Chelsea and Arsenal battle intensifiesMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag casts doubt over Jadon Sancho return following Holland exile   Burn enjoyed a subsequent loan spell with Birmingham before joining Wigan when his Fulham contract expired in 2016. He signed for Brighton in 2018, before making the move to St James’ Park following his 85 appearances for the Seagulls. Burn played 16 times for Newcastle in the Premier League last season and helped the team turn their form around to avoid relegation to the Championship. This time around, the centre-back has made 18 top-flight appearances, with Newcastle looking to cement their place in next season’s Champions League after moving into the top four. 