Manchester United owners the Glazers could reportedly be set to receive an investment offer from US firm Sixth Street, who have previously been involved in refinancing projects at Barcelona and Real Madrid. It was announced back in November that the Glazer family were exploring 'strategic alternatives' at United, with an outright sale of the club among the options on the table as things stand. Ineos chief executive Jim Ratcliffe, who is widely reported to be Britain's richest man, outlined his intention to enter the bidding to buy United earlier this week but it seems as though he may be up against stiff competition from across the Atlantic over the coming weeks and months. Sixth Street have signalled that they could be ready to invest in the Red Devils, according to The Telegraph, with the group said to have requested details of the club's financial performance along with several other interested parties. However, it is claimed that Sixth Street would not be willing to undertake a full purchase of United, with their involvement in any deal likely to come in the form of a minority investment. Responding to the reported links, the company said in a statement: "As part of our sports investing franchise, Sixth Street maintains active dialogues with top organizations across multiple sports and around the world. But at this time Sixth Street is not looking to buy Manchester United and is not in any active discussions to do so." The Glazer family have already insisted that they will consider the idea of bringing in minority shareholders as well as a full sale and it remains to be seen which direction United's controversial owners will eventually go in as they look to relinquish control in the not-too-distant future. The investment provided by Sixth Street into Real Madrid and Barcelona has been crucial to their respective financial reorganisations, with both sides in a fraught legal battle with UEFA over the future of domestic club competitions in Europe. The group agreed a £360million deal with Real Madrid president Florentino Perez last year to operate businesses out of the rebuilt Bernabeu stadium, while they also financed the so-called 'levers' that Barcelona pulled over the summer to raise a total of £612m by selling future revenue streams. JUST IN: Claudio Ranieri explains reason he talks to his watch during matches Any deal to see the Glazers leave United would likely go down well with the vast majority of supporters, who have voiced their collective opposition to their American ownership on a consistent basis over the last few years. The family have struggled to win over the Red Devils faithful since their connection with the club began in 2003, with United's general decline over the last decade and a perceived lack of investment from the powers that be having contributed to a growing anti-Glazer sentiment within certain sections of their fanbase as of late. However, it seems as though a minority investment from Sixth Street may not be welcomed by many United fans if it sees the Glazers stay at the club, with an outright sale likely to be the preferred outcome for a large chunk of supporters. The Glazer family are thought to have valued the club at a world-record fee of around £8billion, though, with former Goldman Sachs chief Jim O'Neill insisting in November that investors could be discouraged from leading a full-scale takeover at this price. "[Those figures are] obviously what they’re floating, but I don’t think that’s realistic, especially as the few smart people that might be vaguely capable of putting those kinds of sums together can see the same information the Glazers can see," said O'Neill. "I think they think Chelsea was bought for too high a price and United should be a premium. Now they’re slightly strangely and slightly desperately in my view, going so public that they can capture anybody who is daft enough to pay them the money they want." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.