Brooke Vincent portrayed Sophie Webster on Coronation Street for 15 years, starring in more than 1,000 episodes of the ITV soap. The 30-year-old recently posed for photographs around the set with her two-year-old son Mexx, which has sparked a frenzy among fans.  The actress, who left the soap in 2019, donned a long grey checked coat and leather trousers for the snaps around iconic Weatherfield locations. Brooke wore hot pink trainers and a baseball cap to complete the outfit as she carried her toddler around the set. In another photograph, Brook and Mexx were walking down the cobbles towards the Bistro. The pair were also pictured at the Rovers and had a behind-the-scenes look at the costume department. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan Brooke and Mexx also watched her on-screen mother Sally Webster ( Sally Dynevor) star in scenes with Tim Metcalfe (Joe Duttine). The actress captioned the set of pictures: "The most iconic street! “Today I took Mexx back to Corrie, last time I was here I was about to give birth to him! "Three years have [passed], everything has changed, yet everything is still the same.  “I saw old friends and people I literally spent over half my life working with! "Forever a huge part of me. Until next time… We had the best time visiting.” Her Coronation Street co-stars were quick to comment on the string of sentimental pictures. Sally penned: “So good to see you Brooke! We need you back.” DON'T MISS...Sally Lindsay left Coronation Street as Shelley Unwin back in 2006 [UPDATE]Coronation Street's Hope Stape distraught after distressing death  [LATEST]Coronation Street's Hope Stape distraught after distressing death  [SPOILER] Sally-Ann Matthews, who plays Jenny Connor, added: “Alex took good pictures! Gorgeous to see you both.” Colson Smith, who stars as Craig Tinker, commented: "Come home then!" Meanwhile, Sally Carman, who plays Abi Webster, shared: "I am gutted I wasn't there today." Thousands of Brooke's fans liked the post, with many calling for her to return to the soap on a permanent basis.  Maureen penned: "Would love to see both Sophie and Rosie back on the cobbles". In recent years, Brooke said the long hours made it impossible for her to return to set without sacrificing time with Mexx and her second son Monroe. Brooke gave birth to Monroe on May 4 2021 with her footballer fiance Kean Bryan. Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays on ITV at 9pm. 