Everton are in talks over a surprise deadline-day deal for free agent Andre Ayew after receiving a brutal snub by Fenerbache striker Michy Batshuayi. The Toffees are scrambling to boost Sean Dyche's squad before the 11pm deadline and have turned to left-field attacking options to give them more flexibility. Dyche's transfer kitty was significantly boosted by Anthony Gordon's £45million move to Newcastle United last week. But Everton are yet to make a signing today and now seemingly have their sights set on budget options they can wrap up beyond the January transfer window. According to The Athletic, the Merseyside outfit explored the possibility of bringing Batshuayi back to the Premier League from Fenerbache. However, the former Chelsea frontman rejected the interest as he's content under Jorge Jesus in Turkey and would only consider leaving for a 'stable' project. And on the back of the damning snub, Everton are understood to have turned their attention toward a deal for Ayew. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE L'Equipe report Everton are in advanced negotiations to sign the 33-year-old, who has been without a club since rescinding his Al-Sadd contract. Due to his free agency, the Toffees wouldn't have to complete the signing before the transfer deadline, allowing them time to focus on any other incomings. Nottingham Forest have also been linked with the ex-Swansea City forward to reunite with Steve Cooper, his boss in south Wales. But the report solely mentions Everton as the club closing in on his signature to bolster Dyche's newly inherited ranks. Meanwhile, there is no new noise surrounding their reported attempts to sign AS Roma midfielder Nicolo Zaniolo. DON'T MISS: Hakim Ziyech waiting in hotel as 'greedy' Chelsea try to change deal  After becoming Everton's new manager, Dyche confirmed he was already in talks with Kevin Thelwell about potential signings to launch his reign. He told evertontv: "Yeah, of course [he's working on new signings]. "When I got the great news from the chairman and owner about becoming manager, I was really pleased about that obviously, but straight away working with Kevin about the lists, the players. "We've already had a look at some, and we will be meeting again about what is there, what we can affect." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here