Manchester United fans are calling on the club to sign Youri Tielemans in the wake of Christian Eriksen’s injury blow. The Denmark international looks set for a spell on the sidelines after leaving their 3-1 win over Reading on crutches. And with Erik ten Hag already without Donny van de Beek, it’ll be interesting to see if the club make a late signing this transfer window. Manchester United’s 3-1 win over Reading had many positives. Marcus Rashford continued to excel, with the England international unfortunate to have a first-half goal ruled out. Casemiro stepped up to the plate, with the Brazil international netting a brace to put Reading to the sword. And Fred impressed off the bench yet again, scoring in the 66rd minute to put his side in cruise control of the contest at Old Trafford. However, news of Eriksen picking up an injury was a rare negative - with the Denmark international facing a spell on the sidelines as a result. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big And fans on social media have now called on United to dip into the transfer market to sign Tielemans from Leicester. The Belgium international has just six months left on his contract at the King Power Stadium, meaning he’ll be available for nothing come the summer. “Eriksen’s injury doesn’t look good at all, walking out on crutches,” were the words of @Patron_MUFC. “The window is open and there’s two midfielders that come to mind straight away. Gravenberch or Tielemans.” @TenHagWay, sharing a video of Eriksen hobbling off, said: “Manchester United need Youri Tielemans now.” DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see “I’m praying that Christian Eriksen’s injury isn’t too serious,” said @UtdWesleyy. “Either way, it shows how desperate we are for quality in depth in midfield. I think we need to get on the phone to Leicester City and get Youri Tielemans before the window closes.” “If we have no money to buy Tielemans, can’t we give them a couple of players instead. He has 6 months left on his contract,” tweeted @TheUnitedWay26. “He would be a great addition to our midfield.” “Youri Tielemans is the only player i (sic) really can see us going for in this transfer window if the club decides to act on the Eriksen injury,” said @AidanEagle3. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And @Bennett10MUFC said: “Youri Tielemans would be a quality signing!” Whether United go for Tielemans remains to be seen. But the Leicester star would undoubtedly be a good signing for the club to make at this late stage. Regarding Eriksen and his injury, meanwhile, Ten Hag provided an update following the victory over Reading by saying: “It’s always difficult to say in this moment so short after the game has finished. “But it’s an ankle [injury]. We have to see what is the diagnosis, so it costs us a minimum of 24 hours before we know that and then I can say more.” And he also hailed Casemiro by saying: "We know he's a great player. In that midfield in Madrid, with [Toni] Kroos and [Luka] Modric, it was great. "We see offensively he has a part [to play]. What I like is dynamic football with variations, with many position switches. “We have to [make] the opponent think so we can take benefit of it."