Emmerdale's Gabby Thomas (played by Rosie Bentham) has been unlucky in love, especially after Jamie Tate (Lincoln Alexander) faked his own death and left her to raise their child alone. Ever since, Gabby has concentrated on being Thomas' mum and more recently, she has been hellbent on impressing Kim Tate (Claire King). In recent scenes, Gabby competed with Dawn Taylor (Olivia Bromley) over a job working directly for the Home Farm owner. Kim had initially given Dawn the job and had hired newcomer Nicky (Lewis Cope) to look after the children. Although, when Dawn saw she was missing out on the children growing up, she decided to quit, leaving Kim unimpressed. This gave Gabby the chance to show what she was made of, although, she didn't get off to the best of starts. READ MORE: Here's where the original Keeping Up Appearances cast is now The budding businesswoman was forced to make it up to Kim when she messed up The Hide brochures. However, things looked like they were on the up for Gabby following Tuesday's instalment. After a successful day pitching her ideas for a school, Gabby decided to celebrate with a bottle of fizz. The mum-of-one invited newcomer Nicky to join her, and it was clear she wasn't taking no for an answer. Although, things took an unexpected turn when Gabby went in to kiss Nicky. Much to Gabby's embarrassment, Nicky rejected her romantic advances and she was left horrified. Since the nanny arrived in the village, viewers have grown suspicious of who he really is. Many have come to the conclusion he is working with Gabby's ex, Jamie Tate. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert issues warning to guest over WWI albums [VIDEO]Ken Bruce quit Radio 2 'over fears he was too old' [INSIGHT]Vera fans distracted by Holby City star’s appearance  [REACTION] However, in a new theory, fans think they have worked out Nicky's true identity. One theorised the nanny could be hiding his sexuality, while another thinks that Nicky likes Dawn. "We bet he likes Dawn," Heidi wrote as @msmarbella agreed: "Nick is after Dawn I think." While Maggie theorised: "Gabby really he is a spy for Jamie & fancies dreary Dawn who has gone back to her dull scruffy self now she chucked a once-in-a-lifetime job. "Gabby & Dawn don't know how fortunate they are but for Kim. Or he may be a partner for Arthur." (sic) Elizabeth Scott theorised: "I think Nicky is working for Jamie Tate and Nicky is Jamie Tate's secret lover?" "Gabby he may be Gay n likely to fancy ur younger brother," Farha added. As David commented: "Nicky is working for Jamie. Jamie returns next week!" Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7am on ITV.