Alongside other constituencies, struggling families in North Yorkshire could receive over £300 in vouchers to help with food and essential items this month. The funds will be distributed through the local council via the Government’s Household Support Fund, which is a scheme that was launched in 2021 and has since been extended to March 2023 to help with essential items as costs rise. North Yorkshire County Council has recently announced it has now started the application process to claim the financial support. This forms part of the third phase of the Household Support Fund and according to the North Yorkshire County Council website, is being rolled out to more than 23,000 people to provide those eligible with a one-off payment in supermarket e-vouchers. The scheme was initially set up by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to help vulnerable households meet the costs of daily needs such as food, clothing, and utilities as the country recovered from the Covid-19 pandemic. Now in its third phase, the national criteria have been updated to help people who missed out on other means of Government support designed to help with surging living costs.  READ MORE: Writing 'clean me' on dirty cars could land you £2,500 fine  The funding is allocated to councils, which then distribute the money in a way that meets the needs of their local communities. This means Household Support Fund schemes may vary slightly in different parts of the country. North Yorkshire County Council has said two main groups will receive payments in their constituency. These first include residents who received Housing Benefits on, or between, August 26 and September 25, but who did not qualify for the second cost of living payment for people on low-income benefits or Tax Credits. They will receive a single e-voucher for £325. The second main group include residents who were getting the maximum discount to pay their council tax bill through the means-tested Council Tax Reduction Scheme, as of November 30. They will receive a single e-voucher for £85.  DON'T MISS: Scam could see you hit with 55% tax bill and 'lose all your money' [INSIGHT]PIP claimants could get cash boost on top of payments via 'premiums' [EXPLAINED]Younger millennials are savviest age group when it comes to money [ANALYSIS]    According to North Yorkshire County Council, people will have started receiving letters from January 4 until January 16, which outline how to redeem their voucher with a personalised code. It should also be noted that residents receiving just a partial reduction in their council tax will not qualify for the Household Support Fund scheme. Cllr David Chance, executive member for corporate services, said: “These are difficult times for people, so the third phase of the Household Support Fund will really make a difference to the many residents who are struggling to afford food and basic necessities.” Mr Chance continued: “We’ve been working closely with borough and district council colleagues to identify who is eligible for the Household Support Fund vouchers based on guidance from the Department for Work and Pensions, so you do not need to approach your local council, we will contact you.”  READ MORE: Mum-of-one to save £600 this month with ‘no spend January’  He noted that those who are contacted will not be asked for their bank details, and warns recipients to “be vigilant” for fraudsters claiming to be representing the council and looking to take advantage of the challenging circumstances people are facing. Mr Chance also urged anyone who is eligible and gets a letter to make sure they redeem their voucher by February 15, as this is when the scheme closes. He said: “Nobody will know when you use your voucher in the supermarket that you’ve had a Household Support Fund payment, it will look like any other voucher. “If you do not qualify for the latest round of the Household Support Fund, but are struggling to pay for food, energy, or other essentials, there is other help available. You can find details on our Household Support Fund and cost of living support pages.” According to the North Yorkshire County Council statement, the vouchers can be used at a variety of supermarkets, with some offering an online shopping option. The e-voucher can be used directly from a smartphone or printed off to use as a paper voucher. If people choose to print them out, the council asks those to look after them carefully and make sure the bar code can be read. People can find out if and what their local councils are offering through the Household Support Fund by visiting the respective local websites. Each council will have its own eligibility criteria. To name a few, councils such as Stockton-on-Tees Borough Council have said from mid-January, eligible households in their constituency will receive a voucher, exchangeable for money, to be used to help pay energy costs.  Vouchers worth £100 will be allocated to households with children and vouchers worth £55 will be allocated to households without children. People aged 18 to 25 years who have left care will receive a voucher worth £75. In Blackpool, the Household Support Fund is also being used to help hard-up households with energy costs. An award of £200 will be made by this council to qualifying households of one or two people (and includes children) and £300 to qualifying households of three or more people (also including children). If successful, awards will be paid directly to the persons’ energy provider and will appear as a credit on their bill or pre-payment electric or gas meter. Bromley Council has also said it will be using its Support Fund to help families with energy bills. The support has been made available this month (January) and residents will need to check whether they are eligible and then apply. According to its website, details of eligibility will be published alongside the application advice on January 16, 2023, when this scheme is launched. 