The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has confirmed the full list of areas and postcodes which are entitled to £25 in energy bill support. This is through the Government's Cold Weather Payment scheme which runs between November 1 and March 31 every year. However, to be eligible for this financial aid, households need to live in postcodes which experience, or are forecast to experience, sub-zero temperatures over a seven-day period. The DWP told Express.co.uk that the following areas and postcodes were confirmed to be triggered for Cold Weather Payments on January 15, 2023: The following areas and postcodes were confirmed to be triggered for Cold Weather Payments on January 16, 2023: Payments are triggered if areas experience, or are forecasted to experience, sub-zero temperatures over a period of seven-days, at which eligible households will receive at least £25 in Cold Weather Payment support. Households in the aforementioned postcodes and areas might be entitled to the £25 sum if they receive certain benefit payments from the DWP and meet further criteria. These benefits need to be means-tested which means a claimant must be on low income to receive them. Examples of the qualifying payments include: Pension Credit, Income Support, Income-based Jobseeker’s Allowance, Income-related Employment and Support Allowance, Universal Credit and Support for Mortgage Interest. Those on certain aforementioned benefits will also need to meet specific criteria to be eligible. This energy bill support may prove to be useful for low income households as energy bills have increased by 27 percent on average for homes on typical usage. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing As the scheme only runs for part of the year, Britons are encouraged to see if their local area is eligible for a £25 boost by logging onto the DWP’s Cold Weather Payment webpage and use the postcode checker. Those logging on to this service will be asked whether they reside in England, Scotland or Wales. Residents in Northern Ireland should use their devolved Government’s website to check their eligibility for Cold Weather Payments, while households in Scotland can no longer claim Cold Weather Payments, although they may be entitled to the new £50 annual Winter Heating Payment. Using the postcode checker, recipients in England and Wales will be asked to enter the first part of their postcode to determine if they can get Cold Weather Payments. Once this information is entered in, the DWP will share how many outstanding Cold Weather Payments are due to be claimed in that area. The Government department will also highlight the period at which this household would have been eligible for this energy bills support, as well as the weather station used to determine eligibility.