A police officer is facing charges after allegedly causing the deaths of two high school cheerleaders when he crashed into them during a high speed chase with another vehicle. David Cauthron, 42, was pursuing a suspect on New Year’s Eve when he collided with the girls’ oncoming car - uninvolved in the chase - head on.    Maggie Dunn, 17, and Caroline Gill, 16, were pronounced dead at the scene. They had been travelling with Maggie’s brother, Liam Dunn, 20, who is in a critical condition in hospital. Mr Cauthron, of the Addis Police Department in the US state of Louisiana, has been charged with two counts of negligent homicide and one count of negligent injury. He had been chasing 24-year-old suspect Tyquel Zander who had allegedly stolen a car after breaking into a home.     Maggie and Caroline were remembered by their cheerleading team at Brusly High School in Louisiana. “As we mourn the tragic deaths of Maggie Dunn and Caroline Gill please keep their families, friends, and the BHS community in your thoughts and prayers,” the cheerleading team said on Facebook. “Their enthusiasm and bright smiles will be missed more than can be imagined.” Principal Walt Lemoine added: “We are saddened by the loss to our school community and will make every effort to help you and your child as you need.” READ MORE: NFL star in critical condition after collapsing on field during game   Kenny Jones, a family member of Maggie and Liam, said “we are asking for your prayers.” In an emotional Facebook post, he wrote of Liam’s condition: “He will need surgeries. Has a broken femur, tabula, left wrist, fractured skull, and a few other issues. “We are asking for prayers. We don’t know why God took our daughter, but I bet she is running shop up there.” Liam is a freshman at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette. District Attorney Tony Clayton said Mr Cauthron is now on administrative leave and “has a lot of questions to answer pertaining to his speed and sheer negligence”.     “For these kids to not to have been able to start the New Year is inexcusable, but we’ll follow the facts first,” he told WBRZ. “I just can’t put my arms around why (the officer) was driving at that rate of speed in pursuit of this vehicle. “This officer is facing some serious issues.” Zanders was later arrested in the eastern side of the Mississippi. He has been charged with home invasion, theft of a vehicle, aggravated flight and two counts of manslaughter relating to the deaths of Dunn and Gill.   