NFL superstar quarterback Aaron Rodgers is reportedly dating the daughter of Milwaukee Bucks and Aston Villa owner Wed Edens, after being seen at a Bucks game with Mallory. The four-time MVP, who has won the award in back-to-back years, is believed to be seeing the 26-year-old, after recently splitting with his former girlfriend Blu Of Earth. Rodgers is having a good few weeks for the Green Bay Packers, after a slow start to the season with the team having a 3-7 record heading into the last month of the season. Rodgers' play has improven dramatically in recent weeks, with the Packers now somehow on the verge of making the playoffs after many had ruled them out just weeks ago, with the 39-year-old still able to play at an elite level. And he's clearly enjoying his life off-the-field, too, being seen out with Mallory Edens on a few occasions now, most notably at Bucks games. Rodgers himself does have a one-per cent stake in the Bucks, which he purchased in 2018, who are also co-owned by Edens' father. A year later Edens posted a picture of herself sat by Rodgers at an NBA match. And now with the two single, it is reported by Sportsgossip.com that they are now dating. Mallory's father, Wes, is worth over $4 billion, as he co-owns the Bucks after paying £463million in 2014 for the team, now worth a reported £840m. He also owns Aston Villa alongside Egyptian billionaire Nassef Sawiris. The 26-year-old daughter of Wed, Mallory, is a succesful and respected model and is signed to Elite NYC and Women Management LA. A source for the Sportsgossip.com page said: “Well it has finally happened. Mallory Edens has had her eye on Aaron Rodgers for a very long time. Mallory has always wanted to be in the public eye. It looks like she might’ve found her ticket. "Mallory was at the Packers last game, and she was supporting her new boyfriend and favourite team by wearing their gear. Nothing says I’m all in like throwing on your boyfriend’s team's gear.”   Rodgers will be hoping to make the playoffs this season, and will need to beat the Detroit Lions to book their place in the final spot, ahead of the Lions and Seattle Seahawks. Rodgers has been linked with moves away from Green Bay for years, but now seemingly feels settled in Wisconsin, with no rumours of him set to walk away from the sport anytime soon.