Chelsea are reportedly targeting Liverpool as the next subject of a transfer hijack after disrupting Arsenal's plans in January. The Blues are weighing up whether to give Liverpool the same treatment by stealing a march in the race to sign Wolves midfielder Matheus Nunes. Graham Potter wants to strengthen his midfield options this month, and Todd Boehly is ready to back him after splashing over £400million across his two transfer windows as Chelsea owner. But he has failed in pursuing two top targets in Benfica's Enzo Fernandez and Brighton and Hove Albion's Moises Caicedo. Both clubs want fees north of £100m to part ways with their prized assets before the winter deadline, prompting Chelsea to look elsewhere. And whether it's for January or the summer, the west Londoners have landed on Nunes as a potential alternative, spelling danger for Liverpool. According to the Mail, Chelsea have added Nunes to their midfield shortlist and are gearing up to battle Liverpool for his signature. Jurgen Klopp has made refreshing his midfield ranks this summer a priority, and the 24-year-old is high on his wishlist. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Liverpool are expected to lead the charge to sign Borussia Dortmund superstar Jude Bellingham. But with qualification for next season's Champions League up in the air amid a poor Premier League campaign, the Merseyside giants could be forced to accept defeat. And Nunes looks to be Klopp's preferred alternative, or even a target alongside Bellingham, considering James Milner, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Naby Keita could all leave on free transfers in July. However, Chelsea could replicate their last-gasp swoop for Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk, completing an £88m deal after he seemed certain to be Arsenal-bound. Liverpool turned down the opportunity to sign Nunes last summer before he joined Wolves in a club-record £38m transfer from Sporting CP. DON'T MISS: Chelsea told they could be making a mistake with Moises Caicedo  And that could play in his mind if Chelsea firm-up their interest in the Portugal international either this month or at the end of his first season in England. Chelsea have flaunted their financial power under Boehly's regime, and with Liverpool owners Fenway Sports Group hunting investment, they may be unwilling to match the Blues. With Jorginho expected to leave when his contract expires in July and N'Golo Kante's injury woes increasing aged 31, Potter could look for a midfielder even if he bolsters the area in January. Nunes will be on his wishlist, potentially resulting in Liverpool facing the same transfer agony as Arsenal. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here