Two emergency workers have been charged with murder after a bodycam video showed a patient being strapped face down on a stretcher before later dying in hospital. Peggy Finley, 44, and Peter Cadigan, 50, appeared in court on Thursday, as preliminary hearings began in a case that has gained widespread attention. The two paramedics from Springfield made short second appearances in Sangamon County Circuit Court before Judge Raylene Grischow. They didn't waive a preliminary hearing and the judge confirmed that the pair would attend another hearing at 9am on Friday. Both Cardigan and Finley were first in court on January 10 when they were set $1million bond. The two are accused of killing Earl Moore, Jr. 35, of Springfield on December 18 by strapping him tightly and face down on a stretcher, causing "compression and positional asphyxia", according to Dr John Scott Denton, a forensic pathologist from Bloomington.  As the two paramedics appeared in court, Moore's family announced that they were filing a wrongful death lawsuit in Sangamon County court, with civil rights attorney Ben Crump representing the estate. The two emergency workers and LifeStar Ambulance Services Inc. are all listed as defendants in the case. Crump was scheduled to appear with the family and Springfield NAACP president Teresa Haley at a press conference Thursday afternoon. Both paramedics were called in by Springfield Police Department on December 18 to attend to a man "having alcohol withdrawal". READ MORE: Police rush to Birmingham after boy stabbed outside McDonald's Footage from a police body cam shows Finley telling Earl L. Moore Jr to "get up" before he is loaded onto a stretcher in a prone position. In the video, Finley can be heard saying: "Earl, sit up...sit up. Quit acting stupid. "You're going to have to walk because we ain't carrying you because I'm seriously not in the mood for this dumb s**t. Get up or you can stay here." The video then showed the two paramedics moving Moore from outside his house to a stretcher outside. The paramedics are then seen placing the inebriated man on the stretcher, positioning him face-down before strapping him in.  As the two paramedics loaded Moore into their ambulance, one unnamed police officer can be heard saying: "He's strapped in there good, he ain't going nowhere." Finley and Cadigan were arrested on January 9 and charged with first-degree murder, court documents show. Speaking to Good Morning America, attorney Douglas Wolfberg said: "It's completely against protocol. "To literally be thrown face-down on the stretcher as this individual was and then have the straps tightened in that position for this type of condition there was absolutely no indication for that." 