Prince Harry has laid bare why he chose to tell his story now as he sits down with Tom Bradby for an in-depth interview on ITV1. The prince revealed that the "intentional spin and distortion" placed on his words by so many other people prompted him to speak up after 38 years in the public eye. When asked why now he answered: "38 years, 38 years of having my story told by so many different people, with intentional spin and distortion. "[It] felt like a good time to own my story and be able to tell it for myself. "I don't think that if I was still part of the institution that I would have been given this chance, so I'm actually really grateful that I've had the opportunity to tell my story. "It is my story to tell."   Asked by Mr Bradby how he could "justify" how much personal information he exposed in the book, the duke explained: "There's been a, I suppose lots of people know now, there's a family motto - 'never complain, never explain'. "And what people have realised now through the Netflix documentary and numerous stories coming out over the years is that was just a motto. "There was a lot of complaining and there was a lot of explaining and it continues now. READ MORE: Harry mocks Royal Family for fighting over engagements  "But for me I sit here now, speaking to you, answering the questions that you put to me and the words and the truth will come from my lips rather than using other people, especially through the tabloid media. "And we're six years into it now. "I have spent every single year out of those six doing everything I can to get through to my family privately, and the thing that is the saddest about is Tom is it never needed to be this way." DON'T MISS:Prince Harry dismisses royal mantra as he claims 'lots of complaining' [LATEST]Harry says it 'did not need to be' like this in his ITV interview [UPDATES]Prince Harry speaks out on Andrew involvement with Jeffrey Epstein [REVEAL]  Prince Harry claimed he had tried to contact his family through letters and emails and attempted to have private conversations about his situation. He claims he was repeatedly dismissed and told he was "imagining it". Harry added that things "might have turned out differently" if him, his wife Meghan Markle and their son Archie had been left alone once they left the UK "in fear for our lives". 