I’ve lost count of the number of organisations desperate to tell you how hard they are working. Sainsbury’s is the latest, because they put out an advert that hit the wrong note. There was a poster for a £24 dress which said that the frock was suitable “for walks in the parks or strolls after dark”. My only objection would be that in this weather you’d probably want to slip a coat over the top. But social media went ballistic, complaining the advert made light of the dangers women face if they go outside after dark. Oh purleeese... The mental agility of those desperate to find offence never ceases to amaze me. It isn’t the greatest ad, but if you want something that rhymes snappily with park, then dark is easier than aardvark or Bismarck. An advert writer’s life isn’t all martinis and four-hour lunches you know. It certainly isn’t at the moment because Sainsbury’s duly axed the poster and promised, “we’ll work hard with our agency partner to ensure this doesn’t happen again”. How about “For (accompanied) walks in the park and meetings with your loan shark”? That one’s on me, guys.  Other hard workers include the Royal Mail which told people to stop sending mail abroad because of some cyber issue. But it’s “working hard” to fix it you’ll be pleased to hear. The water was cut off at Yealmpton in Devon the other day. But happily, says South West Water, “our teams have worked hard”. Good to know. Heaven forbid the staff just rolled into work and said, “no water, eh?”, before scratching their heads and going for a coffee. They’re also working jolly hard at the World Economic Forum in Davos. Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president announced some baffling initiative which “will provide a structural solution to boost the resources available for upstream research, innovation and strategic industrial projects key to reaching net zero”. Don’t worry if you don’t understand any of that because Ursula added to “support this, we are currently working hard on a needs assessment”. Praise be. We’re all working hard you see. Everyone goes the extra mile, puts in 110 percent, burns the midnight oil and grasps that nettle. Which leaves one wondering why, with all this hard work, nothing seems to work very well?  Oh hello Harry. What now, pray? The Prince says he had so much dirt on his family (sorry, material) that his original draft was twice as long as the final book. But he’d held back from putting everything in because the King and Prince of Wales would never forgive him. Or it could be that Harry is gearing up for a sequel, so we’ll have a pair of Spares. A Spare and a spare Spare as it were. Boris Johnson has been commissioned to write his account of his time as PM. Lots to tell there. How much will he withhold to save other people’s blushes? Nothing I hope. Most writers have to prune their manuscripts. My esteemed Express colleague Leo McKinstry recently wrote a much-praised book on Attlee and Churchill. The first draft, like Harry’s, was twice as long as it needed to be. “I’ve got the perfect solution,” I said. “Just cut out Attlee... Or Churchill.” I think Leo may have put his head in his hands and groaned.  You always know that a TV drama is a stinker when you pay more attention to the props than the plot. The Rig on Amazon Prime is basically a 90-minute, old-school sci-fi B-movie stretched out – like tired knicker elastic – to six episodes, with awful scripts but decent actors (Martin Compston, below, Mark Addy and others). An eco-horror is unleashed from the ocean depths which afflicts a clapped-out North Sea oil rig. As a sinister fog rolls in the crew stumble around the rig with their hard hats and torches. Rather than give a damn about the unfolding eco-disaster and the fate of the shouty crew I found myself brooding on how well torches work in films and TV series but never function so efficiently in real life. If I get a torch either the battery is completely flat or the light has the wattage of a candle on a birthday cake. But in films torches pierce the darkness like full-beam headlights on a 4x4. Where do film-makers get them from? I need to know. The last time I ordered a pub lunch (fish and chips), the fish was the size of a battered aircraft carrier. A Ploughman’s involved an entire loaf of bread and a slab of cheese which would feed a family for a week. Far too much. That’s why I always find myself looking enviously at the child’s menu where portions seem about right. The Campaign for Pubs says that the cost-of-living crisis is forcing pubs to trim their menus and serve smaller portions. In recent years food portions have expanded in line with people’s waistlines. A bit of retrenchment would be no bad thing.  Whither the tempestuous Italian sexpot? The death of Gina Lollobrigida reminds me of all those beautiful screen divas of the 1950s and 1960s – Sophia Loren, Claudia Cardinale, Virna Lisi, Silvana Mangano, Monica Vitti... Their names sound as sultry and seductive as they were. Sophia and Claudia are still with us but, sadly, the others have made their way to La Passeggiata in the sky. I love Gina most in the two romantic comedies she made with Rock Hudson, especially Strange Bedfellows (1965), about a couple who can’t live with or without each other. “Gina at her wildest” promises the trailer. And there she is in a diaphanous red negligee, bosom heaving, eyes flashing, nostrils flaring as she chucks the contents of the room at Rock. They sure don’t make ’em like that any more.  After the Nepalese air crash last week there were those pictures that I hate looking at. Not the crash site with its bits of twisted metal and crowds of despairing rescuers (though they’re upsetting enough) but the selfies taken by people on board before the disaster. Smiling into their phones from their seats, blissfully ignorant that they were minutes – maybe seconds – from death. It’s a new phenomenon in the age of smartphones. And it’s heartbreaking.