Princess Diana's former therapist Julia Samuel has warned against "venting all our feelings to all people" amid the release of Prince Harry's Megxit memoir. The Duke of Sussex released his autobiography 'Spare' on January 10.  Throughout his memoir, the 38-year-old provided readers with revelation after revelation. Prince Harry even made comments about his relationship with his brother Prince William, father King Charles and step-mother Queen Consort Camilla. However, Ms Samuel has suggested recognising boundaries can help people protect themselves. Writing in the Times, she said: "Boundaries are the limits or rules we each establish to protect ourselves. JUST IN: Dan Wootton slams Prince Harry as 'Duke of Delusion' after 'blackmailing' Royal Family   "We should not be venting all our feelings to all people — promiscuous honesty, telling everyone everything, doesn’t help any of us. "Recognising that boundaries enable us to take different versions of ourselves to different environments, like work, friends and family, is important for all of our mental health. "When we indiscriminately express unfiltered feelings, we can disturb those around us, and not receive the empathic response we need. "Human beings are wired to look for danger, and emotions are contagious.    "Our threat system can be pinged by the other, putting our brain into 'code red' — fight, flight, freeze — heightening our sense of anxiety and conflict. "When we are in a heightened state our capacity to think deeply and respond sensitively goes offline. "It is an evolutionary survival mechanism and the source of most aggression." Ms Samuel maintained a close relationship with members of the Royal Family following Diana's death in 1997.  DON'T MISS: Meghan and Kate rift started when Princess got dibs on fashion [REVEALED] Prince William given extra sausage in blow to ‘spare’ Harry [REPORT] Meghan left 'upset' by Pippa Middleton's snub before wedding - claim [LATEST]   Prince William asked her to be godmother to future monarch Prince George. Speaking about her role as George's godmother, Ms Samuel told the Observer: "Well, I feel lucky I was such a good friend of Princess Diana. "And I really love my godson, George. And it's a lovely way of loving her." 