The Apprentice is back on BBC One and in order for the contestants to be in with a chance of working with Lord Alan Sugar, they need to succeed in a series of challenging tasks. Week four saw the candidates in Brighton and Hove, where they had to secure and negotiate nine items synonymous with the area. Sadly for financial controller Denisha Kaur Bharj, she failed to impress Lord Sugar’s advisers Karren Brady, Tim Campbell and Claude Littner. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press, Denisha announced she was pregnant following her exit from the series. She said: "When we were leaving the process and they were asking us how we feel I genuinely believe everything happens for a reason. "When I look back now, we are expecting our first little one." The owner of Empress of Lashes said she and her husband knew the gender, but were not revealing it yet. She admitted: "We are keeping the gender a surprise but it's so difficult, I'm not very good at lying at all. READ MORE: Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital "It's our first [baby], so we have got a lot going on. It's not been like a normal pregnancy at all. "I think when you compare it to just trying to take a step back from work or your business, it has not been like that at all. "Which I knew was going to happen but I'm glad it's kind of pushed me more really." Addressing her firing from the series, she admitted it felt "disappointing" to be out of the competition so early. She said: "I think I was definitely in the process to win it but you know, everything happens for a reason." She explained she was hoping to try and get an investment and work with Lord Sugar in the future. "I have definitely not given up, I went on the show with the aim to really win the investment so even if it's a small investment, which I know will really grow the business. "I've still got my empire to build," the mum-to-be added. As a confident businesswoman, she was not disheartened by Lord Sugar's final words. "I think I knew how much hard work I had put into the process so you can only get as far as you can. DON'T MISS... Prince Andrew is 'using 'Harry's attacks' to 'clear his name' [DISCUSSION] Inside the incredible car collection of The Apprentice's Alan Sugar [INSIGHT] The Apprentice winner speaks out on 'crippling' schedule for candidate [INTERVIEW] "It's nothing to really hold on to and it's about what you do after the show and after the process that really helps boost you in the business. "I was definitely disappointed I didn't get to showcase my skills and get further in the tasks," she said. The one thing she would have changed on reflection is putting herself forward as project manager for the task. She added: "I think when you put yourself up for team leader you are always putting yourself on the spot. "If something goes wrong you're the first person that's being brought back into the boardroom. "I'm glad I did offer to put myself up as team leader, hoping to win the task, but we all gave it the best shot we could. "[Now] I probably wouldn't have put myself up for team leader and being brought back into the boardroom. "When you have got that pressure and time against you, you are trying to create the best thing you can." Since leaving the series, which was filmed a year ago, she said she still keeps in touch with her fellow contestants. "You don't actually forget it because I think it's such a good opportunity and experience, you just remember it like it was last week. "I have kept in touch with all of them, I wasn't expecting to leave having made friends who have the same ambitions and dreams."  The Apprentice airs on BBC One on Thursdays at 9pm