Prince Harry has claimed he was attacked up by Prince William and tried to keep Meghan from finding out. The Duke of Sussex said the fight, which reportedly took place in Kensington Palace in 2019, left him with cuts on his back that were spotted by Meghan. He said the fight was down to a “buildup of frustration” on the part of Prince William. William was supposedly angered by "a lot of stories" told by people "within his office" and the tabloid press, and started "shouting" at Harry. Eventually, the Prince of Wales "snapped" and "pushed" Harry to the floor and landed on a dog bowl. Talking to CBS’ Anderson Cooper in a new interview, Prince Harry said: "I cut my back, I didn’t know about it at the time." After being asked by Anderson Cooper whether he was asked by William to not tell anybody, Harry said: "I wouldn’t have done and I didn’t until she saw on my back.  "I actually didn’t know what she was talking about. I looked in the mirror and I was like ‘Oh sh***’ because I hadn’t seen it." Talking about the reason for the fight, Harry claimed William had a "few issues" with Harry that were based on his imagination. In another recent interview with ITV’s Tom Bradby, Harry suggested William and Kate had an issue with Meghan being a successful actress.  He said: "I don’t think they were ever expecting me to get – or to become – to get into a relationship with – with someone like Meghan who had, a very successful career. There was a lot of stereotyping that was happening, that I was guilty of as well, at the beginning. According to Prince Harry, before the violence, he started defending himself and his wife. The arguing moved from one room into another until they reached the kitchen where William allegedly attacked Harry. "It wasn’t nice, it wasn’t pleasant at all," said Harry. He added that Prince William apologised after the fight.   According to Harry, this is not the only time William has been possessed by rage. Prince Harry told Mr Bradby a "red mist" would descend on William as the two argued over marrying Meghan. And his new memoir, Spare, he claimed he and his brother got into a fight in Charles’ car on the way to a salmon fishing trip. He said the two swapped punches before Charles suddenly stopped the car which was headed for River Spey. William would be separated from Harry and put into a separate car, manned by the royal security team.  Harry wrote in his memoir: "From time to time, I turned to look out of the rear window. "Behind us, I caught a glimpse of the future King of England, plotting his revenge."  