Taylor Fritz has quickly become one of tennis’ most promising young talents and will be hoping to prove himself at this year’s Australian Open when his campaign gets underway on Tuesday. The world No 9 is also one of the subjects of Netflix’s new tennis documentary series Break Point along with his girlfriend Morgan Riddle, who has grown her own community of followers in the tennis and fashion communities over the last few years. Following the documentary’s release, Riddle spoke to Express Sport to share her own experience of travelling on the tennis tour and give an insight into her life away from social media. If you watch one of Fritz’s matches, you’ve likely seen the camera pan to Riddle cheering on her boyfriend in his player box. The American No 1 enjoyed his best-ever season last year by winning Indian Wells, making his top 10 debut and making the Wimbledon quarter-final, and in Break Point he confesses that the best period of his career has coincided with their relationship, telling the cameras: “Who knows where I’d be right now if we weren’t together?” Riddle has quickly grown her own following among tennis fans too, sharing TikToks, Instagram posts and now her new YouTube vlogs documenting everything from behind the scenes at tournaments to the outfits she’s wearing to a match, earning her a reputation for trying to promote tennis online. But the Minnesota native has now admitted that she never planned to do social media as her full-time job as she spoke exclusively to Express Sport following the release of Break Point. “Promoting tennis on my social was never really actually a goal that I had in mind, it kind of just happened,” Riddle - who has 299,000 TikTok followers and 115,000 on Instagram - told Express Sport. “Being on the tour and travelling so much with Taylor it was just sharing my life, because I started doing social media full time about a year ago.” JUST IN: Boris Becker has Nick Kyrgios theory after Australian Open withdrawal   “We were going to so many matches every week and so a lot of my content just happened to be around tennis, and then I had this one really popular TikTok about the tennis tour that I honestly kind of just posted for fun but it got a lot of views and kind of branded me as this person who’s making tennis popular and I kind of just went ahead and rolled with that.” While she never planned to use her platforms to promote tennis to new audiences, Riddle says it’s something she’s happy to do as she revealed that it has always been one of Fritz’s biggest goals in the sport. She continued: “That being said, ever since Taylor and I started dating almost three years ago, he has said to me besides being one of the top players in the world, one of his goals was really to popularise tennis as a sport in the US.” And both Riddle and Fritz are hoping that Break Point can contribute to their mission, as the former media director added: “We have MLB, NFL, lots of super big popular sports, and tennis is just not up there in terms of a fan base in the US compared to those. So it’s kind of fun to help him on his mission there. We’ve really created a partnership and a team and so I’m hoping the Netflix documentary will just bring tennis to a new audience.” DON'T MISSRussian flag on show at Aus Open as Ukraine ambassador wants actionAustralian Open heat rules Djokovic and Nadal hope they won't needMcEnroe risks irking Nadal by weighing in on retirement after Zverev While the 25-year-old thought those in the tennis world would likely already know the ins-and-outs of what is being shown in Break Point, she said: “I think for someone who maybe just casually watches tennis during the Grand Slams or doesn’t know anything about it, it will be quite interesting. Just as an introduction to the sport, you know there’s so much to know about it, even the way that they explain the scoring system and the Grand Slams, I think it’s really interesting and valuable information that hopefully will bring success to the show and the sport.” In previous profiles that often crop up when her boyfriend has a successful run at a tournament, Riddle has often been described solely as an influencer, but the 25-year-old has a host of qualifications and skills under her belt from her life before meeting Fritz and starting her social media career. “I went to college in New York City, I was an English Literature major, I did like eight internships in college, just tried a bunch of stuff,” she explained. “I got my New York real estate agent licence when I was 19. I was a media director for an apparel company and then for a video game company before I started doing social media full-time. Doing social media full-tile was not intended at all, I actually it was in Melbourne last year so this exact time last year, Taylor’s first match at the Australian Open is when I posted my first get ready with me TikTok and that ended up just blowing up overnight, I think it got 1.2 million views overnight and that’s just honestly how I fell into doing social media full time, it was never my goal really to be an influencer.”  She’s now making the most of her platform and recently expanded into YouTube for the 2023 season in an effort to bring more unseen aspects of tournaments to fans. Riddle explained: “I also just started a YouTube channel where I’m posting weekly vlogs that’s just behind the scenes of life on the tennis tour so behind the scenes of matches and player dining is like and what the different cities are like and what the different fans are like. And I’m hoping that will kind of just bring people a little further into what the actual lifestyle and day-to-day is for people who are travelling full-time on the tour.”  The 25-year-old is full of appreciation for her “really fun” life on tour with Fritz, also telling Express Sport: “I’m so grateful I get to see so many different parts of the world, going to matches is super fun, experiencing the differences between fans all over the world like an arena of fans in Japan is going to be vastly different from an arena of fans in France. And just getting to see that and trying different foods from all over the world and having the opportunity to make really fun and informative and valuable content, hopefully, is super fun.”  But her top priority is to support her partner, as she adds: “And I love being there to support him, and obviously the last year has been so big for his career and just being on that upward journey and trajectory with him has been absolutely amazing.” 