The Duke of Sussex's highly-anticipated ITV interview aired at 9pm on Sunday ahead of the release of his in-depth memoir, Spare. While millions tuned in to watch the interview, the ratings were smashed by Happy Valley which aired on BBC One at the same time. Prince Harry's interview had an average of 3,686,800 viewers between 9pm and 10pm last night. Meanwhile, the latest episode of Happy Valley was watched by an average of 5,226,800 at the same time. It meant the second episode of the gritty crime drama drew in 1.7 million more viewers than Harry's interview. Harry's interview ended at 10.30pm, whereas Happy Valley was on BBC One for an hour. READ MORE: Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ Neil is working with Tommy Lee Royce Harry did not hold back while being interviewed by Tom Bradby as he took aim at his brother Prince William, sister-in-law Kate Middleton and his stepmother Queen Consort Camilla. The father-of-two also discussed his relationship with his father King Charles III. The journalist told the Prince regarding an extract from his memoir: "At one stage, Harry recounts a clear-the-air meeting involving him, William, Kate, and Meghan. "It seems to have gone so badly wrong that he describes Kate as gripping the edges of the leather chair so tightly that her fingers were white.  "Kate says she's owed an apology from Meghan who previously put a moment of Kate’s forgetfulness down to so-called baby brain. "According to Harry, Kate tells Meghan they're not close enough to talk that way and William says, ‘That’s not what's done here in Britain’." The meeting reportedly ended with an awkward hug between them. Elsewhere in the interview, Harry explained how he loved his family, including his father and brother. DON'T MISS...Camilla not 'evil stepmother' but 'I had to draw a line', says Harry [UPDATE]Prince Harry called ‘naive’ for Palace briefing claims by royal expert [LATEST]Harry claims 'sad' Queen 'knew what was going on' when he quit [INSIGHT] He said: "Forgiveness is 100 per cent a possibility because I would like to get my father back. I would like to have my brother back." Harry's second interview about his memoir will be aired on ITVX at 9pm tonight (Monday, January 9). The interview, carried out by CBS News' Anderson Cooper, was released in the US on Sunday. The American journalist asked why Harry and his wife Meghan Markle have chosen to keep their titles despite criticising the Royal Family.  Harry told him in response to the direct question: "What difference would it make?" In another part of the interview, Harry said there has been a lot of pain between him and his brother in the past six years. However, he added: "Nothing I say is intended to hurt my family but it does give a full picture of the situation as we were growing up and squashes the idea that my wife ruined this relationship between two brothers." Prince Harry: The Interview is available to watch on ITVX and Happy Valley episodes can be streamed on BBC iPlayer. 