Sheryl Lee Ralph attended this year’s Golden Globe Awards in the hopes of bagging the award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Musical-Comedy or Drama Television Series. The Abbott Elementary star ended up missing out on the gong as Ozark’s Julia Garner emerged victorious, but Sheryl has still hit headlines for a swipe aimed towards fellow A-listers, the Kardashians. Prior to the ceremony taking place, Sheryl joined a number of other big names on the red carpet to chat with fans and the press. But when one reporter for InStyle asked her what message she’d have for her 15-year-old self, Sheryl produced a response which has since gone viral online. She defiantly replied: “There’s nothing wrong with your nose. There is nothing wrong with the shade of your skin. “There is nothing wrong with the way your hair grows out of your head.” READ MORE: Yellowstone’s Wes Bentley addresses Kayce’s loyalty ties in Dutton feud Spotting the chance to take aim at the Kardashian family, Sheryl continued: “And there is certainly nothing wrong with your lips, “Because there will be some people called Kardashians and they will pay $10,000 for your lips. "Hang in there 15-year-old Sheryl Lee Ralph! You're good,” she triumphantly concluded. The likes of Kim, Kris Jenner and others from the family are yet to address Sheryl’s remarks. However, her comments have certainly divided fans online, with some questioning her take on the reality TV stars. Praising Sheryl’s rant, Twitter user @arianatoratcore replied to the clip: “Oop she CLEARED them. thats MOTHER right there.” While Christian Giovanni Paez Jr echoed the sentiment: “I mean she’s not wrong.” Elsewhere, @ROCKINGMYFAME also applauded Sheryl’s answer: “OHHH speak on it queen.” DON'T MISS:Terrifying moment Canadian News reporter has health emergency on air1923 fans vent fury as Yellowstone prequel heads on early hiatus Martin Compston 'set on fire' after refusing stunt double in The Rig But others weren’t impressed, with @beygch hitting out: “Bringing other women down to make other women more confident is NOT it.” And @clearxclouds agreed: “I don’t like the kardashians but why do you need to bring them up? “Just to boost your own ego? Literally she could’ve just said that without mentioning other people.” Elsewhere, @bardisback slammed Sheryl’s take: “Putting down the kardashian’s for what? Weirdo.” (Sic) The clip was shared by Pop Base and has gone on to be viewed over 250,000 times within hours of it being shared. Sheryl was sporting an eye-catching purple dress to the awards which saw Abbott Elementary win big despite the actor’s loss. The show won Best Television Series - Musical or Comedy while co-star Quinta Brunson bagged the award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy. And Tyler James Williams won the award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Musical-Comedy or Drama Television Series for his role in the ABC show.