Elena Rybakina’s coach Stefano Vukov came under fire from the tennis world for his antics during the Kazakh star’s devastating Australian Open final defeat. Wimbledon champion Rybakina was beaten by Aryna Sabalenka as the Belarusian star produced a brilliant comeback to triumph 4-6 6-3 6-4 in a thrilling match in Melbourne. Sabalenka, who played under a neutral flag because of her nation’s support of Russia’s invasion into Ukraine, ultimately overpowered Rybakina and was overcome with emotion as she claimed her first Grand Slam singles title. Rybakina, meanwhile, came up agonisingly short in her pursuit of a second Slam and the tennis community were quick to suggest the 23-year-old should consider changing coaches in the wake of her defeat. Vukov has come under criticism throughout the tournament for his courtside outbursts and appeared to berate the young star once again in the final. The Croatian former pro has been seen making gestures and offering choice words for Rybakina and his aggressive style has been condemned by many in the tennis community. JUST IN: Becker began strange Aus Open craze after title win by diving in river  Doubles legend Pam Shriver voiced her concerns with Vukov during the final on social media, writing: “As I watch Rybakina try to win her second major in 7 months, I hope she finds a coach who speaks and treats her with respect at ALL times and does not ever accept anything less.” And when one fan suggested that Vukov’s behaviour actually benefits Rybakina on the court by making her happy, Shriver replied: "Happy with not being treated respectfully… hmmm not a good pattern for life.” Many fans agreed with Shriver’s verdict on Twitter. “Rybakina's coach makes any match with her involved a tough watch, I'm afraid,” one claimed. “He seems way too harsh.” another added. Vukov has had a successful working relationship with Rybakina for the past four years but was scrutinised as he was filmed yelling at her during the semi-final victory over Victoria Azarenka. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic accused of playing 'mind games' with Stefanos TsitsipasNadal may have played last ever Aus Open as Spaniard backed to retireAus Open allow Z T-shirt man back for Djokovic match after questioning  And his conduct was under the spotlight once again in the final as Rybakina failed to stop the onslaught of winners from the impressive Sabalenka. But before the final, Vukov dismissed any criticism coming his way as he is solely getting his player’s attention with his outbursts. “It’s easy to just take clips and then make something controversial,” he said. “This is part of our sport, it’s normal. There’s 10,000 people out there, to get the attention of the player is definitely not easy and people don’t understand that. “I have to scream out something if she’s off track. People can interpret that how they want but at the end of the day we’re just doing our job. Coaching is now allowed and she’s using it in the best possible way.”