NHS staff at a hospital have reportedly been told to repay their Christmas bonuses after some workers were handed the money by mistake. The crushing news came on Christmas Eve, as healthcare bosses told workers that an error had led to some Milton Keynes University Hospital staff receiving an end-of-year bonus that they were not entitled to.  NHS chiefs had launched a scheme to incentivise staff to work night shifts at Milton Keynes University Hospital. Some employees were told that if they worked an extra five to 10 shifts between then and December, they would receive up to £300 in a one-off payment at the end of 2022. However, some staff who were not eligible for the bonus were incorrectly told that they were, and were given the bonus in error. Furious workers have complained to the Milton Keynes University Hospital Trust, which has since apologised for the mistake. To compound matters, the bonus was taxable, resulting in some staff who were awarded the £150 bonus only taking home £60. Yet, they have been told by the hospital trust to pay back the full £150 award while the cost-of-living crisis continues, BuckinghamshireLive understands. Joe Harrison, the CEO of Milton Keynes University Hospital NHS Trust, and Kate Jarman, director of corporate affairs, have both apologised and expressed their regret over the error. Ms Jarman said on Twitter: "We’ve made a bit of a mess of an additional shift payment that’s affected a small number of people’s pay @MKHospital - if you’re affected you’ll already know. So so sorry this has happened. We are unpicking exactly how it did but it’s really upset and angered those affected completely understandably. "Again, I am really sorry. It shouldn’t have happened. There’s a little bit more info in today’s weekly message but we are still trying to understand what happened and why. More info to come but just wanted to acknowledge it and apologise."  Professor Harrison also apologised on social media. The incident follows news that the hospital trust spent £3.7m on employing agency nurses last year. A hospital spokesperson added: “MKUH operated a scheme between July and December where staff working an additional five to 10 shifts over those months would receive either a £150 or £300 payment in their December wages. There were a number of clear conditions attached to this scheme because it was designed to encourage the uptake of hard-to-fill shifts. “A small number of staff were informed that they may have received an additional payment in error as soon as the error was identified (immediately after the December payday). We know this has been upsetting for those staff who have been told they may be affected and are very sorry this has happened. We will remain in contact with those affected and will work to minimise any financial impact.” 