Piers Morgan, 57, has formed a friendship with the Queen Consort Camilla, 75, after it was reported that he had attended a Christmas Lunch she organised last month. This has left the outspoken TalkTV host leaping to his pal's defence after Prince Harry called Camilla's relationship with the press "dangerous", with Piers hinting the Duke of Sussex has double standards, as he has been "forging relationships" with big US media stars himself. Piers took to Twitter in view of his 8.3 million followers to reply to a Metro article about Prince Harry's CBS interview. The original message reads: "Prince Harry told Anderson Cooper that Camilla's willingness to forge relationships with the press made her ‘dangerous’..." Harry also said of his stepmother, in reference to King Charles leaving his late mother, Princess Diana, for Camilla: "Camilla was the villain, she was the third person in the marriage." Piers has since leapt to his pal's defence, as he quipped: "Says the guy forging relationships with Oprah, James Corden, Netflix, Spotify, Penguin Random House, CBS, and any other media who will pay him $$$ to trash his family." READ MORE: Piers Morgan demands 'old GMB job back' after Prince Harry admission Many social media users rushed to the comments to share their views on the former Good Morning Britain host's bold statement. Robprogressive said: "Prince Harry is one of the best Entrepreneurs/marketers of our generation."  However, many other social media users took to the comments to defend Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle for their decisions in recent years. Juls_CK said: "Everything Prince Harry said about the British paparazzi, He’s talking mostly about you. "Your obsessiveness with them, especially Meghan, is super creepy. You are what everyone says you are. You should walk off this job too." Suyasharose added: "By leaving the Royal family, Harry gave up millions, castles, jewels, many other opulent resources.....much more than he gets from Netflix or any other deal.  DON'T MISS... Kirstie Allsopp says Harry and Meghan are 'in bed with the devil' [OPINION] Matt Damon admits ex Minnie Driver 'rocked his world' before breakup [INSIGHT] Jennifer Grey's image transformation 37 years on from Dirty Dancing [PICS]  NBC News obtained a Spanish copy of Harry's memoir, Spare, before its release today and in it, the Duke of Sussex claimed that he and his brother, Prince William, "begged" their father not to marry Camilla. In a new interview, Harry explained why his father’s decision to do so anyway caused him concern. Prince Harry said to 60 Minutes: "She was the villain. She was the third person in their marriage." Harry said that he and Prince William believed that if their father married Camilla, it "would cause more harm than good" and that "if he was now with his person, surely that’s enough". King Charles did not marry Camilla until 2005, nearly nine years after his divorce from Diana and eight years following her death. Prince Harry claimed that as his father's wife, Camilla's ongoing need to improve her reputation "made her dangerous". Harry claimed the Queen Consort had been using "the connections she was forging in the British press" to change public perception of her. He continued: "There was an open willingness on both sides to trade information."