Emmerdale vet Rhona Goskirk (played by Zoe Henry) is trying her best to raise her husband Marlon Dingle's (Mark Charnock) daughter April Windsor (Amelia Flanagan). However, April is easily influenced by Noami Anderson (Karene Peter) who Rhona does not see as a good role model. Naomi and Rhona are set to clash in upcoming scenes, leaving the latter having to make a decision about April's future. When Naomi arrives late for work at the Woolpack, it is clear there is still tension between her and Rhona. Later on, school bully Marshal arrives at the village cafe and gets into a row with April. She sees red and punches him in the face in a moment of rage. Things go from bad to worse when Rhona discovers April has also got a belly button piercing as well as punching Marshal. READ MORE: Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again Nicola King (Nicola Wheeler) suggests to Rhona that Naomi is to blame for April's rebellious behaviour. So Rhona decides to confront Naomi about her influence over her stepdaughter. However, their disagreement ends in a physical altercation and Rhona is left raging when Marlon fails to take her side. The following day, Rhona tries to patch things up with April by planning a surprise 1980s-themed party.  Later on, Naomi arrives at work to find Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) asking Rhona about her. Naomi is left dreading what is to come following their conversation. She ends up telling her father she has been sacked from the Woolpack as Marlon's assistant. However, April ends up telling Rhona and Marlon the belly button piercing was her own idea and had nothing to do with Naomi. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Cathy Hope lie in Bob DNA twist [LATEST]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb Miligan's true identity in Al twist [THEORY]Emmerdale fans ‘work out’ Nicky’s motives and predict Joe Tate return [SPOILER] Will the couple believe her and give Naomi a second chance at the Woolpack? Or will Rhona warn the teenager to never speak to Naomi again, and threaten consequences if she disobeys her? Could someone else be entirely to blame for April's recent behaviour? Perhaps Rhona will convince Marlon to get April moved to another school following her altercation with Marshal. 