Prince Harry has said he is "very happy" with his new life in the US - but believes his decision to move across the Atlantic "infuriates" some. The Duke, 38, said no one expected him to move to California with his wife, Meghan Markle. In a revealing ITV interview with Tom Bradby, Harry also said his exit is "embarrassing" for others. "I'm very, very happy, I'm very at peace. I'm in a better place than I've ever been. I think that probably angers some people and infuriates others. Just by the nature of me leaving - I'm sure that some people always thought that Meghan would leave, but I don't think they though that I would ever leave as well," Harry said. He added: "Just by leaving, it's embarrassing for some people." When asked if he was happy with his new life, the Duke gave a resounding "yes", citing his family's "safety" as his number one reason for leaving the UK. Harry said: "I've got two beautiful kids and an amazing wife. The happiness in my family now, I have never felt anywhere else before."   The Duke of Sussex added: "I feel safe here, my family feels safe here. I'm happy, my family's happy. It's difficult going back but I'm in such a good headspace now that whatever conversations need to happen, whatever the future holds - to the point of where can there be reconciliation? "I'm in a really good place to be able to have those conversations and not linger on it or not let it pull me back in. It's been hard, I'm not going to lie, it's been really hard at times. "I guess that there are a lot of people who refuse to accept that I could be happy out here because of what I've left behind. But the reality is I've never been happier." The interview comes ahead of Prince Harry's memoir, Spare. The Duke discussed topics including the death of his mother, Princess Diana, and claimed that members of his family worked with the press to "leak" stories against him and Meghan.  READ MORE: Harry finally admits Royals aren't racist despite Archie comments The Prince is set to appear in another interview this evening with Anderson Cooper on CBS's 60 Minutes. That interview will premier in the US at 12.30am GMT but will be carried by ITVX from tomorrow afternoon. The Prince will continue his media blitz with another appearance on Good Morning America on January 9 at 7am EST. Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10.  