Over the past few episodes fans have watched as Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) has gotten closer to his estranged son Ryan (Rhys Connah) despite Catherine Cawood’s (Sarah Lancashire) best effort to keep them apart. With the series drawing closer to an end, fans think the criminal will come to a deadly demise with someone unexpected pulling the trigger. During the most recent episode of Happy Valley, Tommy Lee’s escape from the trail continued as he went into hiding with the help of a shady friend.With his ally revealing there was a plan for him to flee to Marbella, viewers heard that there were two passports ready for his departure, one for him and one for “the boy”.Aware that Catherine wouldn’t let her grandson go willingly to Spain with him, Tommy asked if he was able to get a gun as he had unfinished business with the copper before leaving.Although his request was denied, many fans are left convinced he’ll manage to get his hands on a weapon in an attempt to murder the sergeant. READ MORE:Outlander's Steven Cree on returning without Laura Donnelly This series, Ryan and Tommy have built an unlikely relationship this series, with the help of Catherine’s sister Clare (Siobhan Finneran) and her boyfriend Neil (Con O’Neill).However, with the teen getting some home truths about his dad’s criminal past in the most recent episode, fans have a theory Tommy will die at the hands of his son.It comes after Ann Gallagher (Charlie Murphy) was brutally honest with Ryan about what his dad had done to his mother when she was still alive.In a rage, she said: “He raped her, he violated her, he traumatised her. He probably same the same degrading, humiliating things to her that he said to me. “He made her feel so wrong in herself, that ending her life became a desirable option, can you even start to imagine what that might feel like?”Although her partner tried to interject by commenting on Ryan’s young age, Ann was insistent on letting him know the real Tommy Lee.She continued: “He forced her to have sex with him when all she wanted to do was go home, he impregnated her to humiliate her, to belittle her, to degrade her, to terrify her. You weren’t wanted.”Ann told Ryan that the only reason his father is getting close to him is to hurt Catherine for his own amusement, not because he has any interest in getting to know his son. DON'T MISS... Call The Midwife fans fear Cyril Robinson’s safety following stabbing [REACTION] Dancing on Ice sparks ‘fix’ row as fans slam Michelle Heaton’s score [VIDEO] Dancing on Ice star shares message from 'fierce friend' Oti Mabuse [INSIGHT] With the series only one episode away from coming to an end, many viewers took to social media to share their thoughts on what could happen to the infamous villain.BevsieStone said: “Who thinks Ryan is going to turn his back on TLR and maybe kill him as ‘revenge is a dish best served cold’……..”DavidMackayy added: “After that, I really hope Ryan kills Tommy now, gets revenge for his mum and shows Catherine he’s changed.”MaddyUpton3 tweeted: “My theory is that Ryan will lull his dad into a false sense of security, letting him think that he actually wants to be with him. But he is secretly planning to kill him!” Allygliptin tweeted: “Ryan kills Tommy in a fit of rage after finding out what he truly did to his mum. Catherine then goes to prison as she covers for Ryan #HappyValley”Heather00576234 added: “Tommy's gonna bribe Ryan to leave with him and there'll be a standoff with Catherine and Ryan will use Tommy's gun to kill him. The end! #HappyValley”Happy Valley continues Sunday on BBC One from 9pm