The royal biographer joined Nana Akua on her GB News show to discuss Prince Harry’s upcoming tell-all interviews and his memoir. Angela Levin horrified fans of the Duke of Sussex and GB News viewers as she explained she thinks he is “very ill” and “in real, real trouble”. Angela commented: “I spent 15 months with Harry in 2017 and 18. It’s nothing like him. “It’s like he’s sort of gone into a cave and closed his eyes about behaviour. It’s very self-destructive. “I think he’s very ill. Attention needs to be given to him quite quickly. “I don’t know who he’s been or who’s been helping him, they’re obviously not doing a very good job.” READ MORE: 1923 episode 4 cast The royal biographer continued: “He’s betrayed his family, he’s betrayed his country, he’s betrayed everything, the monarchy and everything he can. “He hasn’t got any idea what perception is. He’s talking like a boy in the playground about his penis for example. “Who needs to know this? Who needs to know how he lost his virginity. These are things you don’t talk about if you’ve got any common sense.” Angela later claimed: “The Queen said herself before she died that perhaps he loves her too much,” referring to Harry’s marriage to Meghan Markle. “I think he’s in a terrible fight to manage to keep her happy and to give her what she wants, which seems to be more than the world. “I think it’s very, very difficult for him. I think he’s in real, real trouble.” Angela’s claims on GB News left viewers outraged with many slamming the channel for allowing her to allege the Duke of Sussex is “ill”. Taking to Twitter to blast the interview, Jane Doe posted: “And the vicious way you speak about him is how you treat someone who is ill? Says a lot about you.” DON'T MISS...Prince William could 'have f***ing field day' with stories about Harry [LATEST]Harry and Meghan will seek 'new dynasty' after Royal Family [UPDATE]Charles shrugs off Harry's bombshell interview at Sunday service [PICTURES] “Don’t talk rubbish. how do we know what’s went on, no one knows,” JB added. Alan Charles insisted: “Harry is a real inspiration and hero to a lot of young people in the uk. An achievement GB news will never achieve.” Richard joked: “Ah, a psychologist now as well as a royal Family gossip.” Twitter user @Readies4Rishi added: “Says "Royal Commentator" desperately seeking attention.” Clare asked: “How the heck does she know anything about Harry or even medical matters. She’s paid to gossip. Why is she ok with Andrew?” @HectortheHog tweeted: “Royal comentator AND psychologist. Impressive. Is she also perhaps a medium or professional talking head?” Debs continued: “You're both obsessed! How much money have Angela made from spewing cr*p about him? And what would you have to talk about if not him?” Nana Akua is broadcast on GB News at 4pm.