The first is accident – genuine mishap caused by no one and therefore with no one to blame. This is true bad luck, referred to by the insurance industry as an Act of God, though why the Almighty should be held to blame I do not know. The only thing is to repair the damage and carry on, or start again. The next alternative is sabotage – deliberate malfeasance by a person or persons usually known who do not want the project to succeed at any cost. A clear modern example of this is the repeated failure of successive Tory governments to free us from the law book of the EU which we were supposed to have left years ago. Our trade and industry are still nearly crippled by this millstone but reform never goes through. This is because the Remoaners still worship Brussels and all its works and would hate to see us free of subservience to it. The problem is that many are in high office in the public sector and are able to stymie all attempts to set us free. But 90 percent (my estimate) of reasons for failure and the cause of Britain’s steady degeneration comes down to one word – incompetence: sheer, blind incompetence at every level. In the private sector incompetence cannot last long. Bankruptcy and unemployment soon follow. But our public sector, riddled and dominated by bureaucrats, quangocrats and the rest, routinely fails to achieve targets, budgets, outcomes or completion. But those responsible are never sanctioned or even exposed. If the failure is too bad for the cover-up to work, the responsible useless articles are shifted to a new position, sometimes a step up and carry on until a plush retirement. Only a dynamic government could end this and demand the competence standards of commerce and industry apply to bureaucracy but, alas we do not have one. We just get words, words and more words; but dynamic action – never. There is a reason for this and you have to study the workings of the creaking machine to spot it. Basically, action would mean wide-scale dismissals (unheard-of and unacceptable) and recruitment of the proven competent from other branches and their rapid preferment. But that would offend two sacred cows. First, you can only rarely fire a bureaucrat, and secondly, it would destroy the Buggins’ Turn procedure of promotion from low to very high regardless of talent or competence. If those go, the whole ethos of the completely misnamed “public service” goes and that has too many passionate defenders in high places. The argy-bargy over whether the UK should donate the Elgin Marbles to Greece whence these fragments once came just goes on and on. The new champion for handing them back is George Osborne. Sorry, but a bit more history. Lord Elgin was our ambassador to the Ottoman Empire (Turkey) in 1801 and onwards. Turkey then occupied Greece. Lord Elgin, on a visit to Athens, found a Turkish artillery unit using the friezes on the Parthenon for target practice. Half of them were already shattered. As a classicist, he was horrified. He stepped in and with a hefty fee to the artillery commander bought the remnants and stopped the destruction. At his own cost and with Turkish help he had the marbles crated, loaded aboard his ship and brought them to England. There he sold them at half what he had paid to the British Museum. Had he not done what he did the Elgin Marbles would have been small fragments a few hours later. He emphatically did not steal them. By the by, if you cross the Channel to visit the Louvre you will find that the second most visited artefact after the Mona Lisa is the Venus de Milo, another Greek remnant in marble but with no arms. This was nakedly (sorry) taken from the island of Milo by a French warship in 1801. The Greeks do not clamour for it back. This is probably because they know the likely response would be a suggestion involving a place where the sun doesn’t shine. But then the French do not employ wallies like George Osborne, and we do. Each week one may be tempted to think the sheer insanity of “wokery” might have reached its stupid limit but then a new example is unveiled. Now the thickos who control Bristol University have gone another step. They have put up for renaming seven college buildings originally constructed on the donations of benefactor families who might, in the dim and distant past, have been associated with slavery. But let’s get the facts. The British abolished slavery in the UK in 1807 and throughout the empire in 1833, liberating a quarter of the world’s population from it. No other benefactor, back to the beginnings of time, came anywhere near that. Bristol College, which became the university, was founded years later in 1876. Immediate benefactors were, among others, the Wills family (fortune from tobacco) and the Fry family (chocolate). These two names adorn buildings on campus. Now the witless dons have issued a “consultation” to try and have reference to the Frys and the Wills obliterated. But the donors came two generations after slavery and almost certainly had nothing to do with it. If benefitting from cruel regimes is wholly unacceptable, Bristol will have to get rid of its extremely lucrative students from China (a brutal regime), its African and Mid-East students (with modern dictatorships – and that’s right now, not in the mists of history). Perhaps the ruling elite would prefer the Idi Amin Building or the Robert Mugabe Library? We must all keep up to date. It is strange how people change. I do not mean a slight variation, which is normal over the years. I mean a complete transformation. Two princes of the Royal Family have done exactly that. Forty years ago Prince Andrew returned from the Falklands War a national hero. He was young, handsome in his Navy uniform, having been a fearless helicopter pilot in the thick of the action. He disembarked at Portsmouth with a rose clenched in his grinning teeth, a pin-up bachelor for many star-struck ladies. Forty years on he is ousted and excluded, deprived of all his honours, colonelcies and patronages. And all because of his association with American pervert Jeffrey Epstein whom any adviser could have told him was a nasty piece of work and best avoided at all costs. Andrew’s nephew Prince Harry came back from Afghanistan where he had been a pilot and gunner in an Apache attack helicopter, a war hero and still single. Now he is an outcast in California, shunned by his family and former friends, publishing a wretched memoir that I and many have not the slightest intention of buying or reading. Is there a common denominator? I believe so. It is not a woman. That applies to Harry, married to Meghan, a former bit-part actress whose obedient creature he has become. But that is not Andrew. What is common to both is simply this. Both are quite spectacularly thick. Stupidity in humans is part tragic, part self-inflicted. Anyone with half a brain can still take shrewd advice and thus avoid disaster. Both these princes, with numerous privileges and good schooling, had advisors galore but still chose the road of self-destruction. That is the hallmark of the truly dim.