Express Sport readers believe Floyd Mayweather is ruining his legacy by fighting in exhibition bouts. TBE retired from professional boxing in 2017 with a perfect record of 50-0 but continues to compete in lucrative post-retirement contests across the globe against YouTubers, kickboxers and everything in between. In his next fight, Mayweather will face Geordie Shore star and Bellator veteran Aaron Chalmers on February 25 at the O2 Arena, London. Mayweather was originally expected to box Muay Thai icon Liam Harrison, but the Brit was forced to withdraw from the bout due to an ongoing knee injury. The replacement opponent has not been received well by boxing fans - much like Mayweather’s post-retirement career as a whole. According to the results of Express Sport's latest boxing poll, 65.8% of voters believe that Mayweather is destroying his legacy as one of the greatest boxers of all time by extending his fighting career deep into his forties. But Mayweather isn’t planning on stopping anytime soon and recently fired back at his critics after his latest showdown with YouTube star Deji Olatunji – a fight the American bagged a reported £24million ($30m) for. He said: “A lot of the time people say, ‘Oh, Floyd has to do exhibitions.' My philosophy is never stop getting it (money). Currency over legacy. Currency over legacy.” Mayweather famously bought himself out of his promotional contract with representatives Top Rank for £608,000 ($750k) in order to manage his own career. The move proved to be ingenious with Mayweather going from average paydays of £2.4million ($3m) to clearing 9 figures in many of his biggest outings. “I invested in myself, remember I was with a company, I don’t have to say the company’s name, but I was with this company for a very long time,” he added. “As soon as I bought myself out of my contract for $750,000, I left and in my first fight, I made crazy money when I was my own boss. In three fights, [Saul] Canelo, [Manny] Pacquiao, and [Conor] McGregor, I made £750million just in three fights. MORE BOXING NEWS... David Haye breaks silence of being in a 'throuple' relationship Smith coach praised for last-ditch intervention after Eubank Jr fight Eubank Jr tried to punch Smith after fourth-round loss confirmed “So, it’s just all about just being smart, playing chess in the real world, and surrounding yourself with great people and people that believe in you and believe in your goals. Always know that you’re not the only smart person in the room. “Surround yourself with smart, intelligent people, and always know there is no limit to how far we can go and how far we can grow.”   