Coronation Street actress Jennie McAlpine recently announced she is pregnant and will be going on maternity leave in the near future. Her update has left ITV soap fans wondering how her character Fiz Stape's exit storyline will play out. Some have predicted a huge twist for Fiz linked to her husband Tyrone Dobbs' (played by Alan Halsall) ex-girlfriend Alina Pop (Ruxandra Porojnicu).    Jennie, who is six months pregnant, is expecting her third child with her husband Chris Farr. The 38-year-old actress is set to be leaving the cobbles for maternity leave, and fans have been speculating what writers have in store for the soap stalwart. Many social media users are convinced Tyrone's ex Alina will make a return to Weatherfield which is bound to cause friction. Alina left the soap in 2021 after she discovered Tyrone had lied to her and kissed his then-ex Fiz. READ MORE: BBC backlash as viewers slam 'utterly pathetic' Prince Harry coverage  When Tyrone discovered Alina was pregnant, he rushed after her to talk things through before she departed in a taxi. Alina warned Tyrone the baby would have nothing to do with him, adding: "So get that into your thick skull and quickly." She later told Tyrone she was not actually pregnant and was leaving to head back to Romania. However, at the end of the episode, Alina cradled her stomach and refused an alcoholic beverage.   After Alina's dramatic exit, Fiz and Tyrone reunited and tied the knot over the festive period. Could Alina return to the cobbles with Tyrone's baby to throw a spanner in the works for the newlyweds? Viewers believe her return could result in Fiz leaving Weatherfield which will link to Jennie having time off for maternity leave. One Twitter user wrote: "Alina will return which gives Fiz a reason to leave Tyrone for a while."  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street viewers point out blunder with Alya Nazi scene [UPDATE]Coronation Street spoilers: Amy Barlow forced to make a difficult choi [THEORY]EastEnders must still entertain, warns Ross Kemp [INSIGHT]  @Tin_Hotha penned: "I'm hoping Fiz and Tyrone will be the new Jack and Vera. But we know they'll bring back Alina and that will be the end of it." (sic) Greg added: "Pity Tyrone didn't marry Alina. She could've been Alina Pop-Dobbs. #Corrie." Shanny shared: "Sick of waiting for Alina to turn up with Ty's baby. I've been saying it for months and it never happens. #Corrie." David said: "When's Alina coming back to ruin everything? #Corrie."  Doreen added: "Will [Fiz] have a fit when Alina rocks up with Tyrone junior? More than likely #corrie." (sic) Would Fiz be able to forgive Tyrone if Alina returned to the cobbles with his child in tow? Will Fiz decide to leave Weatherfield for good in a bid to move on from Tyrone and the drama surrounding him? Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. 