It has been claimed head judge Simon Cowell "regrets" welcoming Bruno Tonioli to the Britain's Got Talent judging panel after he reportedly breached one of the show's rules. The 67-year-old allegedly pressed the golden buzzer twice, instead of once when filming for the ITV talent show. The former Strictly judge who replaced David Walliams on the panel was only meant to press his golden buzzer for one act. The golden buzzer means the contestant will be sent straight through to the live finals. However, the blunder sent ITV bosses into a "panic" and lead Bruno to admit he'd "never seen the show before". According to reports, Simon had a discussion with production company Freemantle and agreed to stand by the buzzer and allowed the contestant through to the live finals. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss  "It was madness," an inside source began. "The buzzer worked but there was no glitter in the cannon above the stage as it had already been used up. "A producer raced over to try to tell Bruno he couldn’t do that. "Then there were discussions with the top execs and Simon, who had his head in his hands." The source added to The Sun: "Then Bruno said he’d never actually watched before! Apparently, it was because he didn’t want to be influenced by other shows’ judging styles."  Express.co.uk has approached ITV for a comment. Earlier this month, it was announced Bruno would join Alesha Dixon, Amanda Holden, and Simon on the judging panel. The move came after rumours surfaced that David Walliams was being replaced for making "vile" remarks about two BGT contestants. The comedian has since apologised for the comments he made in 2020 which resulted in him stepping down from his role on the show. DON'T MISS...Radio 2's Zoe Ball replaced by Vernon Kay after issuing urgent health  [NEWS]Eamonn Holmes shares Ruth Langsford bedroom admission [VIDEO]Vera's Brenda Blethyn speaks out on Dr Malcolm Donahue's exit  [INSIGHT] When speaking about his new job role, Bruno said: "This is the biggest show on British TV, now that I’m here. “I mean it. Oh, Simon is going to hate that I’ve said that but oh well. "I have nothing bad to say about Strictly, it changed my life." In another interview with The Sun, the former Strictly judge added: "This is completely different and it’s a completely different sort of judging. "The range of this show, you see things that you have no idea are coming. "I have been in showbiz for 50 years now and I’ve worked with everyone from Tina Turner and French and Saunders to Michael Caine, so I know when something works and I know why it works." The new series of Britain's Got Talent will see a fresh batch of acts taking to the stage in a bid to impress the judges. The contestants will battle it out as they each compete to win the £250,000 prize and the chance to perform at the Royal Variety Performance. Britain's Got Talent is expected to air on ITV later this year.