 Beijing has long claimed sovereignty over the near-entirety of the South China Sea, in defiance of international treaties to which the country is a party. Over the past decade, in a bid to shore up its territorial claims, China has poured billions into creating artificial islands on which to build military bases, turning uninhabited sandbanks into populated Chinese outposts. Express.co.uk took a look at how the map of the region has been altered over the years.   On Sunday, a statement from the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) confirmed a Chinese navy aircraft carrier group had conducted “realistic combat-oriented confrontational exercises” in the South China Sea. This comes just days after the US Navy announced the Nimitz Carrier Strike Group – able to deliver “integrated lethal and non-lethal effects from space to undersea, across every axis, and every domain” – had begun operations in the area as part of its “routine operations in the Indo-Pacific.” This latest flexing of naval military muscle from the global superpowers ratchets up the tension in the contested region even further. Enclosed by China and Taiwan to the north, the Phillippines to the east, Malaysia to the south and Vietnam to the west, the 1.4 million square mile body of water has become a flashpoint in recent years. But why is it so important?   Beijing has long-coveted the South China Sea for two key reasons: to maintain control of vital shipping lanes and to be able to exploit the region’s richness in natural resources. Host to around 30 percent of the world’s maritime traffic, the region connects East Asia with Europe, Africa, India and western Asia. The primary route for crude oil from the Persian Gulf, the Strait of Malacca to the southwest is the second-busiest shipping lane in the world after the Dover Strait. The area is crucial to Beijing’s Belt and Road Initiative – forming the maritime gateway for Chinese president Xi Jinping’s trillion-dollar global infrastructure development strategy to extend China’s economic ties. The South China Sea is also believed to hold 190 trillion cubic feet of natural gas and 11 billion barrels of oil in proved and probable reserves according to the US Energy Information Agency, although Beijing’s estimates are far higher. READ MORE: UK economy 'not prepared' for fallout if China invades Taiwan  After the defeat of Imperial Japan at the end of the Second World War, the Republic of China drew the infamous nine-dash line, taking the vast majority of the South China Sea for itself. In 2016, an international tribunal ruled the demarcation could not be used to make historic claims. The 1982 United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS) introduced the concept of Exclusive Economic Zones (EEZs) – granting countries jurisdiction over whatever living or mineral resources lay beneath the waves up to 200 nautical miles (230 miles) from their coast. However, beyond territorial waters extending 12 nautical miles from the shore, the ocean’s surface is considered international waters open to all. Despite China being one of the first signatories to the UNCLOS, its nine-dash line infringes significantly on the EEZ of the Philippines, Malaysia, Brunei and Vietnam. To bolster the legitimacy of its claims, Beijing has massively ramped up military operations in the region – not just in terms of naval patrols, but also in the creation of artificial islands on which to establish bases. DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry 'not welcome' at Los Angeles BAFTA party in new snub [REVEAL]California braces for further flooding as POTUS declares disaster [REPORT]Starmer’s ‘monumentally stupid’ NHS plans enrage medical community [LATEST]Solar panels can 'slash bills in half' and keep power on in blackout [INSIGHT]  Disputes have centred on two island chains claimed wholly or partially by a number of countries: the Paracels to the north and the Spratlys to the south. Without any indigenous population, the archipelagos include habitable islands as well as sandbanks, reefs and rocky outcrops. The Paracel Islands are surrounded by productive fishing grounds, and as such have long been claimed by Vietnam, yet China has effectively asserted control over them for almost 50 years. The latest CIA Factbook figures estimate over 1,400 Chinese military personnel are scattered across multiple garrisons. The Spratlys are home to a far larger force thanks to over a decade of Chinese land reclamation efforts that have turned a number of atolls into large man-made islands. However, for all their strategic value, the international court ruled the artificial islands China had created did not qualify for their own EEZ. US intelligence reports and recent aerial photographs confirm China has occupied 15 features in the chain, including three fully militarised bases armed with anti-ship and anti-aircraft missile systems, laser and jamming equipment and fighter jets. One of the most developed is Fiery Cross Reef, complete with an operational airfield, hangars and radar equipment. In October, Chinese state media reported there is a growing population of more than 5,000 “officers and soldiers” stationed on its occupied islands in the South China Sea.   In December, Bloomberg News quoted unnamed Western officials as saying China is currently developing at least four more unoccupied sites in the area. The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs dismissed the report as “completely untrue.” To the east also lies the Scarborough Shoal – a disputed reef China seized from the Phillippines in 2012, just 140 miles off the archipelagic country’s coast. No military base has been built there as of yet, making the rocks the subject of much speculation. China now has the second-largest military budget in the world after the US. Admiral John C Aquilino, US Indo-Pacific Commander, told AP that over the past two decades, China had embarked on the largest military buildup since the Second World War. Washington has said it does not take part in territorial disputes, yet has called Beijing’s claims in the South China Sea unlawful and now regularly dispatches warships through the region on so-called “freedom of navigation” exercises. With ever more military hardware in the region, minor incidents are increasingly common and potentially dangerous. In December, the US military shared a video of a Chinese fighter coming within ten feet of a US Air Force plane, forcing it to take evasive manoeuvres in international airspace above the South China Sea. With regards to Taiwan – the self-governing island China considers a breakaway state – the US has long maintained a policy of strategic ambiguity. However, following then-US Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi’s controversial visit last summer, US president Joe Biden called this into question by saying the US would defend Taiwan militarily if it were invaded by China. 