With more and more people interested in working remotely, some people are choosing to work from abroad but which countries will the budget stretch further? A new survey has examined the average price of a co-working hot desk, typical rental cost of a one-bedroom property in the city's centre, the average Airbnb cost per night, internet speed, food costs, transport costs and the number of co-working spaces to find the most affordable global destinations to work from. Malaysia, Vietnam and India are among the best locations to live and work as a freelancer - topping the leaderboard for having the best access to co-working spaces, a reasonable cost of living and good internet speeds. Penang in Malaysia took the top spot due to its affordability and high standard of living, offering the lowest costs for hot desking and rental prices. Closely following these destinations were Chiang Mai in Thailand and Buenos Aires in Argentina, which also offer affordable transportation, food and accommodation. A spokesperson for Craft, which commissioned the research, said: “The rise of freelancing and remote working has been a global phenomenon over the past few years." READ MORE: Lancashire town named happiest UK area - houses cost less than average  The spokesperson said that many jobs that were once traditional 9 to 5 positions are now being replaced by freelance and remote working opportunities, offering workers the freedom and choice to work where they want. They added: “With this, many individuals have been able to pursue their passion, work from different locations around the world, and take advantage of technology to collaborate with people from anywhere with internet access. “This has allowed for more freedom - meaning you can choose to work from destinations across the globe - from Ho Chi Minh to Buenos Aires. "All while exploring new cultures, delving into unfamiliar working environments, and earning an income.” DON'T MISSState pension age set to rise - how it compares across the world [INSIGHT]State pension petition for payment rise due Government response [ALERT]Do you support the state pension age rise being brought forward? POLL [UPDATE] 1. Penang, Malaysia 2. Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam  3. Bangalore, India  4. Chiang Mai, Thailand  5. Buenos Aires, Argentina    For those who are keen to stay in the UK - these are the happiest areas where you can buy a house for less than the national average. This is according to research by London estate agent Benham and Reeves, which has revealed the happiest areas may be those with below average house prices. Residents of Pendle in Lancashire are the happiest suggesting it is the UK’s best location - perhaps because houses are so affordable. Pendle in Lancashire has a happiness rating of 8.1, while the average local house price is £141,069, less than half of the national average.  Director of Benham and Reeves, Marc von Grundherr, said: “They say money can’t buy happiness and this seems to be the case when it comes to climbing the property ladder, with the nation’s more inflated areas of the market generally home to a far higher average house price. "Of course, it could well be the high cost of homeownership in these areas that has zapped the happiness from homebuyers, but the size of home and the area they can afford to live in versus where they might like to live is no doubt a contributing factor. "At the same time, many homebuyers are drawn to an area for work, particularly those living in and around major cities and so this may also have an impact if it’s where they have to be, rather than where they want to be. "So those with the greatest freedom when looking to purchase are best advised to set their sights to more affordable areas if they wish to live a happier life.” 