Netflix’s adaptation of the hit fantasy series may have had its ups and downs last year, but The Witcher saga still continued with an epic prequel series set over 1,000 years before the birth of Geralt of Rivia (played by Henry Cavill). In Blood Origin, iconic Hong Kong actress Michelle Yeoh portrays the sword-elf Scian who is on a quest to recover a powerful stolen blade. Despite her character’s serious undertaking, Michelle still managed to have some fun along the way. Showrunner Declan de Barra admitted he was rather surprised by Michelle’s sense of humour on the set of Blood Origin. In December 2022, The Witcher’s legion of fans was introduced to a brand new cast of heroes, many of whom were invented completely afresh for the new prequel. “None of them really [surprised me] really, being honest,” Declan said of the new cast. “Because I held out for casting to get the person who most sounded like the voice in my head when we were writing.” READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash “The ones that matched what was on the page. And that was a long wait - we would come across some fresh actors we hadn’t heard of before.” Although Declan and The Witcher creator Lauren Hissrich were thrilled with the new team, it was Michelle’s presence on-set which gave them the biggest shock. “But in terms of surprising, I guess Michelle Yeoh’s very surprising,” Declan told Express.co.uk and other press. “I had pictured her as very aloof. I was a huge fan, I was very nervous when she came on set. But she’s the biggest joker in the world." “She’s constantly pranking, and running up and high-kicking. She was a great surprise.” Michelle is perhaps best known for action films such as Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and Shang-Chi, and is currently an Oscar favourite for Everything Everywhere All At Once. Despite delighting the creators with her sense of humour, Michelle managed to keep a straight face when a horse caused some disruption during a vital scene. Cast members Huw Novelli and Francesca Mills revealed their co-star handled the situation like a pro when Michelle’s steed broke wind. DON'T MISS:The Blacklist star didn’t expect to survive eight seasons [INSIGHT]Ginny and Georgia showrunner 'seals' Paul and Georgia feud [TEASER]The Walking Dead’s Norman Reedus missed co-star’s funeral [INTERVIEW] “That was such a fun scene to shoot, we were up in Yorkshire filming that,” Huw recalled. “It was one of the hardest scenes to shoot just because Michelle is so graceful on the horse and looked so incredible. “But her horse had a terrible wind problem! She’d be on top of that horse looking so majestic and the horse would just be farting the whole time.” During one of Blood Origin’s tensest scenes, Scian’s new companions believe she had double-crossed them and sold them out to the emperor. Thankfully, she quickly reveals she had been bluffing, although what should have been a triumphant fight scene soon erupted into a fit of giggles. Huw continued: “When she comes up to the army and turns to face us, and we’re like, ‘Oh, she’s double-crossed us’ or whatever. “The horse let off an absolute ripper. And I’m sure some of the army’s hair moved with the wind. “But she was stone cold. She didn’t flinch, but we were all in tears.” Francesca added: “That’s why she’s a legend and a professional. We were all breaking character.” Given Blood Origin’s disappointing response from fans and critics, it’s currently unknown whether Michelle’s sword-elf Scian will be coming back for more adventures on The Continent. The Witcher: Blood Origin is available to stream on Netflix.