Chris Bonnett is the CEO of GardeningExpress.co.uk It won’t be long before your garden starts to spring back to life, with early bulbs starting to poke their heads through the soil to create a cheery display. But there are still lots you can be getting in with, especially if you’re planning some larger garden projects during 2023. Think about whether you want to create new flowerbeds or even raised beds to make planting easier and the display more of a focal point. And what about a fruit and vegetable patch? Also, consider setting up a seating or entertaining area if you don’t already have one. If these are among the projects you’re planning during 2023, January is a good time to put the groundwork in and start your preparations. READ MORE: Follow 5 key steps to protect your lawn from frost and icy temperatures Flowerbeds If you’re planning an area of beautiful blooms, now’s a great time to start thinking about how you want that to look. The best time to plant is between March and May for perennials so use the coming weeks to plan and mark out where you want the flower bed to be and start to prepare the ground. Take the time to research the planting too - what shrubs do you want to include? Is there a colour theme? Think too about your soil type and how much sun and shade there is in this part of your garden. This will determine the planting you chose. DON'T MISSWinter lawn care: The jobs to do this season [EXPERT] Plants in your garden could kill dogs or cats [WARNING] Gardening job you need to do to save your lawn from moss [GRASS] Vegetable patch It’s never too early to start on your vegetable patch. Think about getting raised beds planned and built - the soil warms faster in these and they drain better. If you’ve grown veg before, make sure you clear any leftovers from last year. Get your soil prepped, prepare seed beds and cover to warm up the soil and keep it dry. Also, think about what you plan to grow throughout the year to allow good crop rotation and prevent bugs and disease in the soil. Fruit growing If you’re planning to introduce a fruit garden this year, pre-Spring is a good time to put the planning in place. Think about what you want to grow and whether there’s enough space in your garden for it to work. If your plot is small, look at dwarf varieties. Bare-root fruit trees can be planted this month. Ideally, plant in a spot with full sun and plenty of room for the branches to grow. Make sure your soil, if it isn’t waterlogged or frozen, is well prepared before you plant - this will give your tree the best chance of success. Planning a patio Now is a good time to lay a patio so this is a job you can get on with straight away before the Spring rush starts. Before you start digging and buying paving slabs, think about the size of the patio area, how you’re going to use this feature in the garden, and the style of pavers you want. Locally sourced stone, something like York stone, is a good option. Do factor in that laying a good patio isn’t easy - this may be a job to get the professionals in on. Check over your tools Give your garden tools a check-over to make sure they’re in good condition and ready for a year out in the garden. Clean, oil and sharpen those that need some attention and make a list of those you need to buy new.