The White House Press Secretary kicked off her daily press briefing on Monday suggesting Republicans would usher in higher gas prices after Joe Biden touted falling prices only hours earlier. Karine Jean-Pierre claimed House Republicans would force American families into more struggle by voting in support of increasing the cost of gas. But Biden's Press Secretary was quickly fact-checked as conservative commentators reacted with fury at her claims. Jean-Pierre said: "As many of you are tracking this week, House Republicans will vote to raise gas prices on American families. "The contrast in priorities could not be more stark, but the president spent the last two years, as you know, doing everything he could to lower gas prices for American families. "And prices are down about $1.60 a gallon since last summer. Now, House Republicans are using their narrow majority to force the American people to pay higher gas prices, just as big oil companies are amassing record profits." Omri Ceren, an adviser to Texas Senator Ted Cruz, dismissed the comment as "Press sec mad libs." JUST IN: Suspect arrested as seven killed in California gun rampage - the second in just two days Townhall.com leading analyst Matt Vesta said: "She did not just say this… your boss has been gashing us at the pump for months." Writer Doug Powers noted: "They somehow manage to get more shameless by the day." Speaker Kevin McCarthy's deputy spokesman Chad Gilmartin pointed out gas prices have significantly increased during the Biden Administration. He also said House Republicans will push forward new legislation incentivising domestic energy production to help make the United States more self-sufficient. READ MORE: RAF Chinooks deployed on Russia's doorstep in threat against Putin Gilmartin wrote on Twitter: "Americans paid record high gas prices under Biden and Pelosi. "House Republicans' bill this week promotes more American energy production. I guess Biden would rather beg for oil overseas..." Gas prices have remained over $1 higher per gallon than when President Biden took office in 2020 for weeks now. But despite the ongoing rise in costs, the President on Monday bragged about prices falling compared to the peak they reached over the summer. DON'T MISS:Royal author blasts Harry for throwing royals 'to the lions'  [REVEAL]Dover Brexit bonanza as port receives £45m in 'levelling up' funds [INSIGHT]Charles' coronation 'will absolutely' be thrown into chaos says author [REPORT] He wrote on Twitter: "Gas prices are down around $1.60 a gallon from their peak this summer – and my Administration will keep working to lower costs for American families." But Republicans National Committee (RNC) lead researcher Tommy Pigott pointed out the inconsistency between Biden's pack on his own back to the struggle many Americans are still facing at the pumps. Pigott said: "Gas prices are up $1.03 a gallon from when Joe Biden took office. "Biden's administration continues to undermine American energy. Families have lost $2,250 paying higher energy costs since he took office."