Chelsea have reportedly accepted they will suffer a significant loss on Kai Havertz if they decide to sell him in 2023. Havertz has yet to set the Premier League alight since his September 2020 arrival and is being linked with a move away from Stamford Bridge. The 23-year-old forward has netted some crucial goals since leaving Bayer Leverkusen for England, including the winner in the Champions League final against Manchester City. But he has struggled to hit a consistent run of form under Frank Lampard, Thomas Tuchel and now Graham Potter. And Chelsea could be ready to cash in as Potter moulds the squad to his liking, with multiple attacking arrivals expected this year. However, CBS Sports report that the Blues maintain hope that Havertz can come good and hit a purple patch in the second half of the season. Potter is convinced the Germany international will thrive alongside loanee Joao Felix in his attack and therefore isn't considering offloading him yet. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE The report adds that there is little in the links between Havertz and a return to his homeland with Bayern Munich. The Bundesliga overlords are 'always exploring the market', but Chelsea understand a sale in the short-term would result in a damaging financial loss from the £71million paid for his signature. Havertz is level with Raheem Sterling as Chelsea's top goalscorer this season, but he has netted just six times in 27 appearances in all competitions. Since his Leverkusen switch, he has contributed 29 goals and 15 assists in 119 games, coming to just 0.36 goal involvements per game. DON'T MISS: Chelsea officials view one of Madueke and Mudryk as 'world-class'  Chelsea could attempt to make Felix's loan stay permanent, while Christopher Nkunku will also join this summer after triggering his RB Leipzig release clause. The Blues splashed £88m on Mykhaylo Mudryk earlier this month and also hold an interest in Everton's Anthony Gordon after a failed pursuit last summer. If Havertz's inconsistent scoring habits continue throughout the remainder of the campaign, Potter could opt to cash in on him in his first summer window at the helm. And Chelsea will be prepared to accept a loss on his services, as is the more common case in the modern day with overseas transfer fees skyrocketing. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here