Manchester United star Anthony Martial should feel ‘embarrassed’ that the Red Devils are looking for a new striker, it has been claimed. The France international has scored five goals since returning to Old Trafford following a disastrous loan spell at Sevilla. However, the Red Devils are hunting someone to challenge him for the No 9 role following the shock departure of Cristiano Ronaldo. Manchester United lost Ronaldo at the tail end of last year, with the 37-year-old seeing his contract terminated after his bombshell interview with Piers Morgan. And that means Martial is now the only established No 9 in the Red Devils’ squad at a time where they’re eyeing a push for the Premier League title. The France international has done well enough so far this term, netting five goals across all competitions - with only Marcus Rashford managing more. Yet former West Ham striker Frank McAvennie thinks Martial ‘should be embarrassed’ that United are looking for somebody in his position at the current moment in time. “You have got to put in the effort and commitment in every week, you cannot do it just when you decide,” he told Football Insider. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “He has been there long enough now, he should be well established. “The manager should not even be looking for forwards. I would be embarrassed if I was him. “Martial should be making the manager’s decision that he does not need to go and get a top striker but he has not done it. “You have got to think the manager does not need to go and buy anyone. “It is a cruel game but Martial needs to think that he can prevent the manager from signing someone else.“ DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see It’s certainly a big season for Martial, who had previously been expected to leave United back in the summer. He was good under Louis van Gaal but, under Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, often blew hot and cold at the tip of the club’s attack. United did allow Martial to leave on loan last term, with the France international spending time with Sevilla in La Liga. Yet injuries often prevented him from kicking on and he was sent back to his parent club having failed to live up to expectations. On Tuesday night, Martial sustained a blow to the face as United beat Bournemouth 3-0 at Old Trafford. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But Ten Hag, speaking following the fixture, eased concerns by saying: "Yes, I think so [that he is fine and not injured]. “You have seen he got a knock, but he continues the game and then he came off." United were too strong for the Cherries, with goals from Casemiro, Luke Shaw and Rashford giving them all three points on home soil. But Ten Hag wasn’t completely impressed with his side, accusing them of losing focus as the match went on. “I’m happy with the result. Today it was not our best game. We have to be honest, we didn't play that smart as a team,” he said. “We made great goals, but at times we were quite lucky, and some great saves from David [de Gea]. We could have been smarter as a team. "There were big spaces at 2-0 up, sometimes we have to keep the ball and recognise when to go for goal. That is the next step. “It is always good to win 3-0. It was a great performance for the crowd, with scoring opportunities for both goals. To win 3-0 is always good. "We have to go from game-to-game. The next game is a cup one, but we want to win every game. That has to be the approach. We don't want to look any further, focus on that, it will be a tough game. We need every energy in the preparation and when we kick off on Friday night." “We could have conceded too but great saves from David de Gea, I am not happy with that. It is something we have to avoid."