Liverpool forward Mohamed Salah reportedly met with Qatar Sports Investments (QSI) chief Nasser Al-Khelaifi in London recently, sparking fresh rumours about the Reds preparing to welcome Middle-Eastern investment. However, it is claimed that their get-together was driven by a separate motive. QSI are supposedly looking to branch out and expand their sporting porfolio in the wake of the Qatar World Cup - the first to be held in the Middle East. Their alleged expansion plan comes in the nick of time with both Manchester United and Liverpool poised to undergo significant boardroom changes. It emerged late last year that FSG were looking to sell the Reds, more than a decade after they acquired the club in 2010. Various options are being explored and it is not yet clear whether the shift in attitude will result in a full sale or the introduction of a new shareholder. According to CBS Sports, Liverpool superstar Salah and QSI chairman Al-Khelaifi did recently meet in London, but immediate takeover theories are dashed by claims that the pair are simply friends. JUST IN: Piers Morgan demands lengthy ban for Tottenham star Richarlison after 'assault' The report adds that progress is slow regarding FSG's sale process and Liverpool supporters will likely have to wait another month before anything concrete emerges. Al-Khelaifi also serves as chief of beIN Media Group, Paris Saint-Germain and the Qatar Tennis Federation. The Guardian claim that he has held talks with Tottenham since the turn of the year over the possibility of acquiring a minority stake in the north London outfit. Spurs chairman Daniel Levy was allegedly present for the sit-down in London, although the club have denied that it was anything to do with the club changing hands.  Under UEFA rules, owners are not allowed to own two teams taking part in the same competition for integrity reasons. As QSI own PSG and a hold a significant stake in Braga, they would therefore be limited to a minority shareholding in Liverpool if talks with Qatari backers do emerge in the coming weeks. With the sale process ongoing, FSG maintain that they are 100 per cent committed to the Reds and manager Jurgen Klopp was handed £37million to sign Cody Gakpo early in the January transfer window. The German has made it clear that he wants more arrivals before deadline day but admits that he may not get it due to ownership uncertainty.  "If the solutions for that would be out there, available and doable and stuff like this, of course we would bring in players to help," he told reporters. "But we have an existing squad as well - we are underperforming, definitely, I know that - I cannot sit here all of the time and blame everybody else. "We have limited options, but we have players with a contract here and they are just unavailable. If they were all in [and fit] then it would be a different situation. Will we have to strengthen? Yes. Is this the right moment for it? I can't see it because of the situation we are in."