Wout Weghorst is ready to force his January move to Manchester United by making a sensational offer to current loan club, Besiktas. Weghorst reportedly could leave the Turkish giants as early as today if he and Erik ten Hag get their way. United have identified the Netherlands striker as their first-choice option for a short-term striker in the January transfer window. Ten Hag wants a quick solution to bolster his attacking ranks after Cristiano Ronaldo's exit in November. But the Red Devils' interest has proven problematic, with Weghorst currently on loan at Besiktas from Burnley. The 30-year-old is set to take his own measures to ensure his dream switch to Old Trafford doesn't fall through. According to Turkish journalist Gokhan Dinc, if Besiktas don't let Weghorst leave in the coming days, he is prepared to pay the compensation fee out of his own pocket. He adds that the Super Lig outfit are expected to announce his departure on Tuesday, though it's unconfirmed whether he has paid his way out or an agreement has been reached with Burnley and United. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Express Sport understands Besiktas had named two conditions to terminate Weghorst's loan so he could complete a move to United this month. The first was the compensation fee that they want to cancel his contract early, with Besiktas sporting director Ceyhun Kazani locked in talks with the player's agent, Simon Cziommer. They also wanted to wait until they secured a replacement before allowing him to leave to prevent falling short in striker options. Other Turkish reports claim Besiktas are awaiting Vincent Aboubakar's Al-Nasser exit so they can snap him up as Weghorst's successor. DON'T MISS: Man Utd, Liverpool respond to Brighton transfer as Spurs 'accelerate' Ten Hag will be optimistic about securing his man before the winter deadline, with United still competing on all fronts in his maiden season at the helm. The Red Devils have grown increasingly favoured to finish in the top four after an impressive run of Premier League results. They also have a Europa League knockout play-off clash with Barcelona to look forward to, on top of a potential two-legged Carabao Cup semi-final and the FA Cup fourth round. Weghorst will offer something different to Anthony Martial and is likely keen to prove his doubters wrong after a difficult England introduction at Burnley last term. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here