Meena Jutla (played by Paige Sandhu) was finally exposed last year after she ended up murdering several residents. Emmerdale has seen a number of deaths since, including villain Al Chapman (Michael Wildman), who was shot by youngster Kyle Winchester (Huey Quinn). Up until now, the truth had been kept a secret, and Kyle's dad, Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) had taken the fall for the crime. Although, the guilt had got too much for Kyle, and he finally handed himself in to the police. It is unclear whether Cain will be set free or what will happen to the youngster, but according to his step mum, Kyle could end up killing again. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press, Natalie J Robb, who plays Moira Barton discussed the upcoming storyline. The actress who plays Kyle's mum, Natalie Ann Jamieson, also shared her thoughts on what might happen next. READ MORE: Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again When asked whether Al's murder could trigger a serial killer storyline for Kyle, Natalie began: "I hope not." The Amy Wyatt star chipped in: "This is stressful enough, but you never know, do you?" Natalie continued: "I don't know, it could be an avenue that the writers or producers might want to go down. "That's not for us to say but it could be a possibility." Natalie also discussed whether her character, Moira would kill again to protect Kyle. Five years ago, Moira ended up murdering an unstable Emma Barton (Gillian Kearney) by pushing her off a bridge. When grilled on whether Amy or Moira would "kill for Kyle", Natalie replied: "Well, I have already killed." "Well, I mean that was a long time ago. DON'T MISS...Escape to the Chateau DIY mansion is being sold [INSIGHT]Dave Myers speaks out on Hairy Bikers return as he shares update [VIDEO]Richard Madeley shares health update on 'superbug' [NEWS] "It was five years ago because Bobby, who plays Isaac is five, so that happened then. "But the reason I pushed her off that viaduct was that she slated every one of my children one after the other." "And at the end, I was still holding my womb together," the soap star joked. The Moira Barton star insisted the farmer would do anything "when it comes to her kids" but after she killed Emma, her character "felt a lot of guilt". Discussing whether Moira and Amy have Kyle's best interests in mind, she said: "They have tried to do what they can to keep the secret at the same time. "They worry about him with the counselling as it's easy to tell the truth, which he does anyway. "It's really terrifying for them because they stand to lose their son. The stakes are so high [for them and Kyle]. "We don't even know if the lawyers are going to get involved with it or what's going to happen with Cain." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.