Manchester United and Tottenham might need to look elsewhere in the January transfer window after reported target Martin Terrier was withdrawn on a stretcher on Monday night. Terrier appeared to suffer a horrific knee twist during Rennes’ Ligue 1 clash with Nice. The 25-year-old forward has been linked with a £34million Premier League switch after scoring 12 goals already this season. He also struck 21 times last season, attracting interest from United and Spurs, in addition to top-flight rivals Newcastle prior to their acquisition of Alexander Isak. Terrier had opened the scoring for Rennes in the game, with former Chelsea and Everton midfielder Ross Barkley bagging for Nice. But he suffered a potentially serious injury and was carried off after 35 minutes, with Rennes going on to score an 89th minute winner. Manager Bruno Genesio said afterwards: “For the moment, his knee has swelled well but we don't have a diagnosis. It's too early to have a reliable one. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo unveiling live stream, UK start time, all details “We didn't talk too much about that at the break, but all the players went to see Martin in the physio’s room to comfort him. A twisted knee that swells up is never a very good sign, but for the moment I can't tell you more.” United and Spurs might therefore look elsewhere in their search for a new forward. A versatile attacker, Terrier can play on the left wing and as a striker, making him an attractive proposition to interested clubs. Both Premier League teams are scouring the market for strikers in the January transfer window. The Red Devils want to replace Cristiano Ronaldo with a new centre-forward, although boss Erik ten Hag has insisted it must be the right kind of player to fit his system. "I think we have a good team when all the players are available, but with many games coming up, I think there is a need [for a new striker],” the Dutchman said after his side beat Wolves last week. “But you need one who can have an impact, otherwise you are just burning money and you don't strengthen the squad. It doesn't help you." DON'T MISS...Phil Jones and three other Man Utd stars put up for sale by Ten HagMan Utd 'plotting £194m double swoop' after Fernandez disappointmentWest Ham star Declan Rice has transfer preference with Chelsea keen Meanwhile, Spurs want to free the scoring burden from star striker Harry Kane. The England international is the club’s top scorer in all competitions with 14 goals, with midfielder Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg next on the list with a meagre five strikes. Antonio Conte said after Spurs’ 2-0 defeat by Aston Villa on Sunday that he would prefer to sign a creative player. “We have different characteristics. We don't have many players who are really good to beat the man. We don't have many creative players in our team. For sure today was really difficult to find space in the first half,” the Italian told journalists. “I want to be honest, I want to be very clear. I have said this to the club, I have said my opinions. The fans deserve the best. Maybe to stay in 5th is the best. Maybe 6th, 7th, 5th or 4th is the best.”