Sarah Ferguson has expressed grief over the death of Lisa Marie Presley, saying that she was deeply saddened" over the passing of her "sissy". The Duchess of York, and former wife of Prince Andrew, wrote on Twitter: "I say hello to you everyday and I love you my sissy and I will continue to say hello to you everyday." The 63-year-old continued: "You were my sissy, an amazing mother to Ben, Riley, Harper and Finley and a superbly loving daughter to Priscilla. "You have been my devoted friend for many years and I am here for your family to support and love them." She added: "I am deeply saddened my sissy, you are in my heart." The pair became friends in 2009 after meeting in the US and Lisa Marie attended Duchess' 50th birthday party in London the same year. READ MORE: Royal fans spot inconsistency in Spare over Meghan Markle's first date outfit Following the death of her ex-husband, Michael Jackson, in 2009, Lisa Marie stayed at Fergie's Marbella villa to grieve privately. In July 2020, Lisa Marie lost her 27-year-old son, Ben, to a self-inflicted gunshot wound. At the time of Ben's passing, Fergie took to Instagram to share her grief. Fergie wrote: "You stayed with me in my darkest moment and I am here in yours... love you my sister Lisa Marie... wherever, whenever I am with you, in all steadfastness." Earlier this week, just two days before she was hospitalised, Lisa Marie was pictured at the Golden Globe Awards in America. READ MORE: William urged to explain Harry's 'extraordinary allegation' about sabotage against Meghan At the awards, Austin Butler, who portrayed her father in Baz Luhrmann's Elvis, won the Best Actor award. In his acceptance speech, Austin thanked Lisa Marie and Priscilla, who was there alongside her daughter, for opening their "hearts" and "memories" and said "I love you forever". Sources told TMZ yesterday, that the 54-year-old had been found unresponsive in her bedroom by her housekeeper, with her ex-husband Danny Keough, who she was living with, performing CPR until paramedics arrived at her home. DON'T MISS After they failed to resuscitate her, she was then rushed to a local hospital, and waspronounced dead a few hours later. Following her death, Lisa Marie's mother announced the news in a statement. The statement read: "It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us. "She was the most passionate strong and loving woman I have ever known. We ask for privacy as we try to deal with this profound loss".