Rafael Nadal's team may have hinted at his imminent retirement following the Spaniard's painful exit from the Australian Open. The No 1 seed survived a scare in the opening round of the major against Jack Draper as the Brit himself suffered from fitness issues.  Far from the perfect start to the defence of his title, Nadal was still able to get the job done and progress to the second round. But Nadal's own fitness problems came back to haunt him at the Rod Laver Arena on Wednesday. Soon after his match against MacKenzie McDonald began, Nadal looked in serious pain after he pulled up on the side of the court. Nadal appeared to be clutching at his troublesome hip, with his coaching staff looking glum along with his wife in tears in the stands. He continued to battle through the pain, but it was clear that Nadal was not playing to his full abilities. To McDonald's credit, he didn't let the issues on the other side of the net affect him on getting the job done.  And the American wrapped things up in straight sets to knock out the defending champion. But it was what happened as Nadal made his way off the court in Rod Laver Arena that caught the attention of many. The 36-year-old walked into the middle of the court and was given a standing ovation by the packed crowd inside Rod Laver Arena. And those inside his box also stayed until the very end to join in the rapturous applause for the tennis icon. He looked as though he needed to compose himself at one stage as he limped back down the tunnel. It was suggested after the match by both Tim Henman and Laura Robson on Eurosport that Nadal's team don't usually clap him off the court in a potential hint at his retirement. Speaking just last week, Nadal appeared to shut down any chances of him retiring in the near future after Alexander Zverev tipped him to quit the sport this year. “I have a very good relationship with Zverev, but not enough to confess something like that to him,” he said. “The reality is that I'm here to play tennis, try to have a great 2023, fight for everything that I have struggled throughout my career and I don't think about my retirement.” 