Idaho murder investigators found a reddish-brown stained pillowcase, strands of what looked like hair and a single glove when they inspected Bryan Kohberger's home, the search warrant showed. Kohberger was living on Washington State University's campus in Pullman, less than 10 miles from the home where Kaylee Goncalves, Madison Mogen, Xana Kernodle and Ethan Chapin were murdered on November 13. The search warrant for the 28-year-old PhD Student's home and campus office was unsealed by a Washington state judge on Tuesday.  Police also took Kohberger's computer tower in their search for evidence connecting the murder suspect to the four University of Idaho students. The criminology graduate has been remanded in custody with no bond as he faces four counts of first-degree murder and burglary in connection with the killings of Goncalves, Mogen, Kernodle and Chapin. The investigators reportedly did not find anything noteworthy in Kohberger's office at WSU, where he was a teaching assistant and graduate student studying criminology. JUST IN: Actor Julian Sands missing in 'extremely dangerous' stormy weather in California mountains A nitrite-type black glove, cuttings from a pillow with a reddish-brown stain, and a stained mattress cover were removed from his apartment during a search on December 30, according the unsealed warrant. Kohberger was arrested on the same day. The suspect was taken into custody as part of a joint operation by the FBI and local police while he was visiting his family in Pennsylvania. Kohberger was extradited to Idaho on January 5, when documents filed in the murder case showed police found the sheath of a large knife near one of the victims. The knife itself, however, was nowhere to be found. According to the search warrant, the investigators did not seize any weapon fitting the description during their visit to Kohberger's home. READ MORE: Woman narrowly escapes ‘kidnapping’ through shop window in terrifying footage Police did collect several strands of “possible hair”, including one identified as a “possible animal hair strand”. They also took some store receipts, a tag from a company that makes overalls and other work apparel, and two store receipts. The dust bin from a vacuum cleaner, a computer tower and a “Fire TV” stick were collected as well. Moscow Police Sgt. Dustin Baker said investigators were seeking several kinds of potential evidence, including images of the stabbing victims or their home, data that might indicate an interest in planning murders or violence, and anything with DNA and dark clothing and knives. Kohberger will appear again in front of a judge for his preliminary hearing on June 26, with his legal team expected to hire its "own experts" to review all evidence collected so far. He has maintained he is "eager to be exonerated" from all charges. DON'T MISS:Missing fisherman's final words before tuna fish drags him off boat [REPORT]'Enraged' woman allegedly stabs boyfriend after he urinates asleep [INSIGHT]Idaho murder suspect's body language showed 'fixation seen in killers' [ANALYSIS] Former CIA agent Tracy Walder said: "What you're going to see is them hiring their own experts, their own witnesses to come in to evaluate the evidence, reevaluate the crime scene, try to do everything they can to poke holes in that probable cause affidavit. "At the same time, you're going to have the prosecution who is also – remember, in that probable cause they don't have to put everything, they just have to put enough information to get an arrest warrant for him – going to be compiling all of the evidence that they have they didn't include in that probable cause affidavit." Goncalves, Mogen, Kernodle and Chapin were found on the morning of November 13 by the women's surviving roommates. The coroner's report found the students were stabbed multiple times and were likely asleep when the attack happened.