Sarah Lancashire, 58, has been gracing our TV screens for years after appearing in Coronation Street, Where the Heart Is and Happy Valley. The mum-of-three signed a two-year golden handcuffs contract with the ITV network which made her the UK's highest-paid TV actress. Her acting credits have seen her earn a number of awards and nominations over a career spanning 35 years, including two British Academy Television Award wins. Sarah was born in Oldham, Lancashire and has three older brothers - an elder, a younger and a twin. Her father was a TV scriptwriter for Coronation Street and her mother was his personal assistant. Sarah is married to Peter Salmon, a British TV producer and executive. He was the Director of BBC Studios. Recently, Sarah has made a return as Sergeant Catherine Cawood in the third and final series of Sally Wainwright’s Bafta award-winning crime drama, Happy Valley. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ household item to clean your entire bathroom with Sarah plays the stern yet likeable Sergeant Cawood who is known for her good humour, resilience and bravery as she serves the West Yorkshire community of Calder Valley. The town is known as “Happy Valley” due to the high incidence of drug-related problems. Away from the screen, Sarah reportedly lives in a £3million, five-bedroom house in Twickenham, southwest London, according to MailOnline. Locals have claimed they have spotted her on occasion in her nearby Tesco. DON'T MISS‘Necessary’ steps to avoid brush marks when painting kitchen cabinets [INSIGHT]Free method to ‘instantly’ kill unsightly driveway and patio weeds [UPDATE]Household staple to kill moss on paving with ‘no scrubbing’ [ANALYSIS] Twickenham is one of London’s most desirable locations based just under 10 miles from Charing Cross. The area is known for being the home of the Rugby Football Union, with hundreds of thousands of spectators visiting Twickenham Stadium each year. The riverside area is also known for its beautiful 18th-century buildings. Twickenham also has three period mansions including York House, Marble Hill and Strawberry Hill House. READ MORE: Peter Jones’ quiet life with wife Tara in picturesque UK county The area is leafy with pretty terraced houses, impressive semi-detached properties and good schools. Unsurprisingly, homes in the area don’t come cheap with properties in Twickenham having an overall average of £749,992 over the last year, according to Rightmove. The majority of sales in Twickenham during the last year were terraced properties, selling for an average price of £812,835. Flats sold for an average of £491,086, with semi-detached properties fetching £868,300. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Overall, sold prices in Twickenham over the last year were similar to the previous year and six percent up on the 2020 peak of £709,828. Back in 2017, the four-bedroom home owned by Sarah Lancashire’s character Catherine Cawood in Happy Valley hit the market at £250,000. The Edwardian terraced property Ivy Villas was located on Hanging Royd Lane in Hebden Bridge, West Yorkshire.