Arsenal are set to have new conversations with Shakhtar Donetsk today in an attempt to finalise the structure of a deal for Mykhaylo Mudryk, according to reports. The winger is said to be 'insisting' on a quick resolution as his club teases supporters on social media. Arsenal are set to agree a fee for Mudryk of between £75million and £80m, including add-ons. He would become the club's most-expensive player, surpassing the £72m they paid for Nicolas Pepe in 2019. Mudryk's future has been the saga of the window so far and the Gunners were hopeful of striking a deal before now in order to have him available for some crucial upcoming games. Mikel Arteta's side play north London rivals Tottenham on Sunday. His potential debut could now be against Manchester United the following weekend if he signs by midday next Friday. But both Arsenal and Mudryk are keen on completing a deal well before then. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano says fresh talks are to be held today (Saturday) over how the Premier League leaders will pay the add-ons. Both Arsenal and Mudryk are wanting it to be finalised as quickly as possible. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Romano tweeted: "New direct contacts will take place in the next hours for Mudryk deal. Arsenal will discuss with Shakhtar about add-ons structure after £62m (€70m) bid plus £22.1m (€25m) #AFC. "Arsenal want to get it done as soon as possible, player insisting too - personal terms already agreed." Elsewhere on Twitter, Shakhtar are seemingly teasing supporters over Mudryk's future. On their English account @FCShakhtar_eng, they tweeted on Saturday morning that they had some news to share. The tweet read: "We prepared some news for you today," followed by the eyes emoji. Arsenal fans were swiftly in the replies demanding the sale of Mudryk and hoping the news was regarding the transfer. Shakhtar didn't stop there and the next tweet showed an egg timer emoji followed by: "Seems like it's time to reveal the first piece...". Arsenal fans were again getting excited in response. DON'T MISSMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in privateTottenham boss Conte tipped to resign if they lose Arsenal clashArsenal sent Mudryk warning after making breakthrough in transfer talks  But it seems the announcement was nothing to do with Mudryk after all. The account instead revealed Shakhtar's friendly schedule across the next few weeks. They only began pre-season on Tuesday and will play six friendlies between January 20 and February 8. Some Arsenal fans took the apparent joke well, whereas others were complaining about waiting just to discover the announcement was regarding the friendlies. There was still more to come. The next tweet read: "There is more interesting stuff coming up. We are ready to share another piece of news as soon as our page reaches 51 thousand subscribers." It then became more focused on Mudryk, with the next tweet simply: "Mudryk?" with a thinking face emoji. But Shakhtar again disappointed the waiting Arsenal fans by following that up with an image of Mudryk collecting his award for being named Shakhtar's player of the year for 2022, which was originally announced in December.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here