Karine Jean-Pierre sparked a furious reaction from the conservative side of Twitter after she hit out at Ron DeSantis during a White House press briefing. Jean-Pierre accused the Republican governor of playing politics with his management of illegal immigrants arriving in Florida. But DeSantis's spokesman Bryan Griffin slammed Joe Biden's Press Secretary as he led efforts to rebuke her accusations on Twitter, warning that "talk is cheap" in the face of growing pressure on the White House to curb the immigration influx. Governor DeSantis last week deployed the National Guard to tackle an "alarming influx of migrants" arriving in the Florida Keys, his office said. At Wednesday's daily press briefing, Ms Jean-Pierre said: "We are talking about people who are coming from countries, who are dealing with political strife. "They’re trying to find asylum — and he’s treating them like pawns. He’s actually creating a problem." She reiterated her accusations on Friday, replying to reports that she was "happy to repeat what I said." JUST IN: Ana Walshe’s husband showed 'a lot of red flags’ as missing woman called police for help Jean-Pierre added: "Governor DeSantis has made a mockery of the system and he has consistently and constantly – as many of you have reported – has done political stunts. "He has not helped to address the issue but has instead decided to put the lives of migrants who are coming here for a better life at risk. And that is what we’ve seen from this governor." But Griffin immediately shut down her criticism, hitting back at her comments on Twitter: "Yes, @PressSec, you said this two days ago. Talk is cheap." He then quoted DeSantis: "What [Florida] is doing is working. And so, I would just tell the White House, not only has the Coast Guard asked us to help, but we have no choice but to help because of your neglect and incompetence." READ MORE: Iran executes British man with dual nationality over claims he was a spy for MI6 Other conservative figures joined in the criticism as the White House continues to face pressure to deliver on improved immigration legislation. Conservative broadcaster Ford O'Connell said: "Coming to US for “a better life” is not a valid asylum claim, so 90 percent + are violating the law & Biden is doing nothing to stop it." Political commentator Dave Rubin said: "Florida is free and flourishing which by definition is making a mockery of these people…" Radio host Dana Loesch added: "Remind me again who Democrats used to remove illegal entrants from Martha's Vineyard?" Governor DeSantis was accused of pulling a stunt to undermine the Biden Administration after flying illegal immigrants arriving in Florida to Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts in September. DON'T MISS:At least seven dead in tornado emergency [REPORT]Idaho murder suspect asked neighbour about crime [ANALYISIS]Horror as child, 11, dies from ‘fentanyl intoxication’ following fight [INSIGHT] Local government in Massachusetts was later found to have employed 125 National Guard members to move immigrants from the island to local shelters. DeSantis claimed the move was an attempt to expose "liberal hypocrisy" after claiming over 70 flights of immigrants had arrived in Florida through 2021. He also dismissed claims he had misled the people who were moved to Massachusetts as he insisted they were informed of the move. DeSantis said: "They all signed consent forms to go and then the vendor that is doing this for Florida provided them with a packet that had a map of Martha's Vineyard, it has the number for different services that are on Martha's Vineyard." Bexar County Sheriff Javier Salazar launched an investigation into the transportation process as he alleged some of the migrants had been moved first to Florida and then to Massachusetts from a centre in San Antonio, Texas. Salazar later signed certifications identifying those who were moved as victims of a crime, opening up the door for the immigrants to qualify for a U visa – a specific visa for crime victims willing to help law enforcement during investigations.