Tottenham star Richarlison has accused Arsenal goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale of trying to be ‘cute’ following their heated altercation after the north London derby. The pair were separated by stewards after the full-time whistle sounded following the Gunners’ 2-0 win. Arsenal extended their lead at the top of the table on Sunday night with their victory thanks to an own goal from Hugo Lloris and Martin Odegaard. Mikel Arteta’s side are now eight points clear at the top, with Manchester City struggling for form of late and losing to Manchester United on Saturday. But despite the important three points and bragging rights being gained over their rivals, there was a sour taste left in the mouth of some players following post-match clashes. Richarlison and Ramsdale quarrelled after the match, with the latter also being kicked by a Spurs fan as he collected his belongings from beside the goal. Speaking to ESPN Brasil about the confrontation with Ramsdale, Richarlison explained: “What I really didn’t like was their goalkeeper going to celebrate in front of our fans. It’s kind of disrespectful to our fans, he has their fans, he has to go celebrate with their fans, not be cute with our fans.” Both players have a reputation for aggravating opposition supporters, with some neutrals highlighting that it is ironic for Richarlison to be so enraged by antics that he is adored for. Ramsdale also broke his silence on the incident after the match, admitting that he was involved in some ‘sporting to and fro’ with Tottenham fans but highlighted that the Spurs fan who attacked him took it too far. He said: “The Spurs fans were giving me some stick in the second half and I gave them some back. To the few I did do it to it was probably well-greeted sportsmanship like but then a fan jumped over and gave me a little punch in the back. “That's what happened and it is a shame because it's just a game of football at the end of the day. Both sets of players tried to bring me away, thankfully nothing happened too drastic. It is a sour taste but I am sure we will enjoy it when we go back to the dressing room." Tottenham have revealed that they will be working with Met Police and Arsenal to take action against their own supporter and hand him an immediate ban from the stadium at the very minimum.