Teachers in England and Wales are set to strike in a dispute over pay, the National Education Union (NEU) has announced. Some 90 percent of teacher members of the NEU in England voted in favour of industrial action on a 53 percent turnout. Meanwhile, 92 percent of NEU teacher members in Wales backed strikes with a turnout of 58 percent. The union has declared seven days of walkouts in February and March, but it has said any individual school will only be affected by four of the days. The first day of strikes will be on February 1 and more than 23,000 schools in England and Wales are expected to be hit. The NEU, the largest education union in the UK, balloted about 300,000 teachers and support staff members in England and Wales. Support staff in schools in Wales are also set to go on strike, but the ballot of support staff in England did not achieve the 50 percent turnout required by law for action.  The Department for Education (DfE) has offered a 5 percent pay rise but the NEU is demanding an inflation-busting hike. Mary Bousted and Kevin Courtney, joint NEU general secretaries, said: "We have continually raised our concerns with successive education secretaries about teacher and support staff pay, and its funding in schools and colleges, but instead of seeking to resolve the issue they have sat on their hands. "It is disappointing that the Government prefers to talk about yet more draconian anti-strike legislation, rather than work with us to address the causes of strike action." School leaders in Wales are also set to take industrial action over pay, but heads in England will not stage strikes after the National Association of Head Teachers (NAHT) ballot turnout failed to meet the legal threshold. It comes after a ballot of members of the NASUWT teachers' union last week did not reach the 50 percent turnout needed. Education Secretary Gillian Keegan said the planned walkouts were "deeply disappointing".  Ms Keegan said: “While I welcome the outcome from the NAHT not to strike, it is deeply disappointing for children and parents that NEU teacher members have voted in favour of walking out. “Talks with union leaders are ongoing and any strike action from one union will have a damaging impact on pupils’ education and wellbeing, particularly following the disruption experienced over the past two years. "We have already met the unions’ request for an additional £2 billion in school funding, which will take real terms spending on schools to its highest level in history." Dame Rachel de Souza, the Children's Commissioner for England, added: “I am disappointed by today’s ballot results and the implications this will have on children’s education. “I know the decision to strike will not have been taken lightly for any teacher, and the vote has been far from unanimous - but it comes in the wake of huge disruption from the pandemic and will add to the challenges already faced by so many pupils who are catching up on lost learning." Ahead of the strike ballot results on Monday, Downing Street urged teachers not to strike and inflict "substantial damage" to children's education. The Prime Minister's official spokesman said: "We would continue to call on teachers not to strike given we know what substantial damage was caused to children's education during the pandemic and it's certainly not something we want to see repeated. "We would hope they would continue to discuss with us their concerns rather than withdraw education from children." Last week, schools across Scotland were shut as members of the Educational Institute of Scotland (EIS), NASUWT, Scottish Secondary Teachers' Association (SSTA) and AHDS took strike action. Schoolchildren in Scotland will miss more lessons this week as members of the EIS are beginning 16 days of rolling strike action on Monday. 