Alec Baldwin has been formally charged with involuntary manslaughter following the 2021 Rust movie shooting which resulted in the death of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins. Both Baldwin and the film's armorer, Hannah Gutierrez-Reed, face two charges stemming from the incident on the film's set in Santa Fe, New Mexico. The charges were formally filed on Tuesday by the Santa Fe District Attorney's Office. In a statement, district attorney Mary Carmack-Altwies said: "Today we have taken another important step in securing justice for Halyna Hutchins. "In New Mexico, no-one is above the law and justice will be served." READ MORE: Louise Harrison dead: Sister of Beatles legend George dies at 91 after 'hospice care' Under New Mexico law, both charges are a fourth-degree felony and are punishable by up to 18 months in jail and a £5,000 (£4,000) fine. They will be tried by a jury, according to prosecutors and reported by BBC. Negligent use of a deadly weapon charges were also filed against Rust's assistant director David Halls, who has pleaded no contest and has entered into a plea agreement that is pending approval. Both Baldwin and Gutierrez-Reed will now be issued a summons with the charging information and will be required to make a first appearance at court shortly after - though this can be done virtually. The next step after first appearance will be a preliminary hearing, where the District Attorney and the special prosecutor will present their case to the judge, who will rule whether there is probable cause to move forward with a trial.The state has requested that the first appearance be made within 30 days, and that the preliminary hearing take place within 60 days - though exact dates have yet to be set. It comes after it was reported that Alec Baldwin will resume filming Rust later this month despite the charges. Melina Spadone, attorney for Rust Movie Productions, LLC, told Fox News Digital that the film is "on track to be completed with Mr Baldwin in the lead role and Joel Souza as director". The movie will now include "on-set safety supervisors and union crew members, and will bar any use of working weapons or any ammunition", Spadone said.