Jorginho’s time with Chelsea is nearly up with the midfielder poised to join Arsenal on transfer deadline day. It is a move that has come out of the blue, with the Gunners turning to the Italy international after accepting defeat in their pursuit of Moises Caicedo. Some aren’t happy with the deal, however. Arsenal had hoped to sign Caicedo this month, with the Brighton star open to leaving the Amex for the Emirates Stadium. But, now, Jorginho is set to join instead. Arsenal are prepared to pay £12million to land the Italy international as they look to boost their chances of Premier League title glory. The 31-year-old, who has won the Champions League, Europa League, UEFA Super Cup and Club World Cup during his time at Stamford Bridge, will be penning an 18-month contract. Not everybody is happy, however. Many feel Chelsea are selling Arsenal another dud, having previously done the same with Petr Cech, David Luiz and Willian. Yet Express Sport takes you through four reasons why Jorginho can be an astute signing for Mikel Arteta’s side. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Arsenal were willing to pay roughly £70m for Caicedo. But Jorginho is far more cost-effective at £12m instead, with Chelsea happy to let the veteran go six months ahead of schedule. This deal means Arsenal can save their cash for the summer. By that time, they may be Premier League champions for the first time since 2004. The Gunners want Declan Rice and he won’t come cheap, with West Ham likely to demand a fee in the region of £80m to let him go. Signing Jorginho means Arsenal should have more funds for the summer, something that bodes well. Experience can’t be played down as Arsenal go in search of the trophy they want above all other. Title races are never won or lost on a single afternoon (barring the last day of the season). Instead, they span weeks and months. Arsenal need experienced heads to help their cause. Their young current crop does have some leaders but, in Jorginho, they’re bringing in another. This is a player who has gone all the way in the Champions League, the hardest tournament there is to win. And they’re also signing a player who dazzled at the Euros last summer when Italy triumphed at Wembley. Caicedo is a great player but, with all due respect to Brighton, joining Arsenal would have been a substantial step up. Good players like Morgan Schneiderlin and Scott Parker have previously found it difficult adjusting to life at the highest level. But Jorginho should have no such issues. He’s often faced scrutiny during his time at Chelsea, ever since his arrival back in the summer transfer window of 2018 from Serie A giants Napoli. Yet Jorginho is far more proven at the highest level than Caicedo and, therefore, should have no problems adjusting to life in his new surroundings. That Arteta himself has approved Arsenal’s pursuit of Jorginho bodes well. After all, who are fans to question the Spaniard when he’s working miracles at present? Arteta has improved practically every signing he’s made at Arsenal, particularly over the last couple of years. And Jorginho may be able to rediscover the magic he’s able to produce for Italy once he rocks up in north London. Fans will need to back the former Napoli star, who plays at his best when he’s brimming with confidence - just like any other footballer.