Waterloo Road reached its conclusion when the show got cancelled eight years ago. So when the news came out the BBC school drama would be returning for more, fans couldn't have been more thrilled. Here's everything there is to know about the cast of Waterloo Road episode two. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Waterloo Road. Kim Campbell has been Waterloo Road's headteacher for two years now but the job doesn't get any easier. In this episode, she will open up to student Shola Aku (Chiamaka Ulebor) about her personal life in order to teach her a lesson. Actress Angela Griffin starred in the original drama as a teacher before moving up the ranks. She also played hairdresser Fiona in Coronation Street, Anna in Netflix's White Lines and Cutting It as Darcy Henshall. READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash After the devastating news about Chlo Charles' (Katie Griffiths) death, Janeece is on hand to give her support to her friend Donte Charles (Adam Thomas). She returns to the area to check up on him and the beloved school she used to attend. Actress Chelsee Healey now stars in Channel 4 soap Hollyoaks as Goldie McQueen. Healey also took part in ninth series of Strictly Come Dancing and was declared the season's runner-up. Nicky Walters works at the school's canteen and kicks up a stink in Waterloo Road episode two. Headteacher Kim says the staff are in need of new school uniforms but Nicky is objecting to pay for another so soon after having to purchase the last one. Actress Kym Marsh rose to fame as part of the pop band Hear'Say which featured on Popstars in 2001. Since then, she has starred in Coronation Street as Michelle Connor and took part in Strictly Come Dancing last year. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry’s pal says he had to ‘take the hit’ over Charles' mistake [ROYAL]Waterloo Road star 'intrigued' by new scripts after audience concerns [CAST]Waterloo Road's Chlo star addresses 'sad' exit after brief return [EXIT] Donte was left heartbroken in the premiere episode as his childhood sweetheart and wife Chlo Charles (Katie Griffiths) was killed off. So how will the former Waterloo Road student cope with being a widower of two children? Actor Adam Thomas famously portrayed Donte in the early days of the school drama and went on to play Adam Barton in ITV's Emmerdale. He also came third place in I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! in 2016. Talking about Chlo's death on Lorraine, Thomas said: "It started off so well didn't it, then obviously the shock at the end when unfortunately, Chlo gets... "I dunno how much I can give away. Is it out there now? It's not my fault guys, stop blaming me!" Other cast members include: Amy Spratt - Katherine Pearce Shola Aku - Chiamaka Ulebor Valerie Chambers - Shauna Shim Coral Walker - Rachel Leskovac Waterloo Road continues on Tuesday, January 10, at 8pm on BBC One.