America's Got Talent All Stars finalist Avery Dixon claims that the NBC series saved his life as he deals with an ongoing battle with depression. Saxophonist Dixon has exclusively admitted on camera that appearing on the prime-time series provided the springboard to improve his mental well-being. Top saxophonist Dixon admits that he still questions his ability and endures doubts about his talent. But his experiences of battling mental health issues have allowed him to help fans deal with similar dark mind-related issues. Dixon, 22, was ready to walk away from his music dreams entirely before being tricked by his mum into auditioning for season 17. Speaking exclusively, Dixon admitted he'd given up on any dream of a music career in 2021 before his AGT audition. "The darkness of walking away is a painful thing to even reflect on because you hear people's feedback on how your music changed their life,” he began. READ MORE: Simon Cowell's AGT act Mike E Winfield wants ‘audiences to be wild' "To think I was so selfish to almost walk away from something I was meant to do. “It just brings me back to being so grateful to one of the greatest shows on the planet for bringing me back to something I always loved. "This is the thing that saved me,” he candidly admitted. Dixon admits that he battles his own challenges and demons still, despite his success. He continued: "Often times when you are on such a large platform you question do you belong here. Do you measure up to the calibre of people you are around? Often times I question myself, even at the top of my game. “It shows no matter how good things look there is always a struggle. It may not be today, but lows come when you least expect. "I am glad that I am able to reach back to my community and fan base and get that affirmation. "I am in a place where I am able to openly discuss mental health and bring awareness to depression and suicide and all that. "And through this, I was able to help someone else. Being able to connect to the people that you help. "It is always an eye-opening experience. It always shows that you are never too big to reach down and mentor someone back because your message might be the one thing that saves their lives. Kind of like AGT saved mine. “To be able to push someone and tell them the day will not be always like this and the sunlight is coming over the horizon. A lot of times my fans are not in the best situations. I am able to support them not just as Avery the AGT star, but as Avery your friend. I like to say you are not just a fan - you are a friend. I care." DON'T MISS:Netflix’s real Squid Game series horror as players ‘stretchered off’ [LATEST]Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston in tears as he recalls tough death scene [WATCH]My 600lb Life's Erica Wall looks unrecognisable in swimsuit snap [PICTURES] Dixon, from Atlanta, Georgia, was born prematurely weighing only 1lb 8oz, which led to various medical complications including a condition that affects his vocal cords. Bullied by his peers for sounding different, Avery found solace in the saxophone. He felt so depressed during his audition process initially that he didn't acknowledge he was even in the auditorium in front of the judges. "At the time when I was auditioning for AGT, I was in such a dark place. I wanted to quit music and my mum and brother had to trick me into even walking on that stage," he said. "I was in such a desolate place that by the time the light came on it still didn't hit me that I was on the show. It was a surreal moment. Music can help places that are bruised and broken. "The message that you are never alone is a powerful one,” he concluded. Dixon was sent through to the final by SuperFans which shocked some TV viewers but means he will now fight for the honour of All Star next month. His All Stars' performance of Pharrell Williams's Happy won a standing ovation and huge acclaim from the judges. "This is AGT: All-Stars. You, young man, are an All-Star," Howie Mandel said. "You really are; you stepped it up. You went from an amazing piece of talent to an amazing show. A whole show." Heidi Klum added: "I mean, you can see that I love you. I can't stay in my seat." Simon Cowell acknowledged that Dixon is one of the show's greatest Acts. "I believe when you're great, competition like this brings out the best in people," he said. "And this was you at your very, very best. There's no question or doubt." AGT: All-Stars airs on Mondays at 8/7c on NBC and the next day on Peacock.