Conor McGregor could be set to compete against long-time rival Tony Ferguson in an upcoming season of The Ultimate Fighter. McGregor announced earlier this week that he has been offered to return as a coach for the popular reality television series and Ferguson claims he has as well. Ferguson says that the UFC is trying to book a series with him and Khabib Nurmagomedov but failing that will be given the option of a fighter of his choosing. If the Russian legend chooses not to join his arch-enemy on the show then El Cucuy wants McGregor instead. “I’ve Been Asked To Coach On TUF Against Ol’e Fathead,” Ferguson tweeted referencing Nurmagomedov. “Or Anyone Of My Choosing If That Cake-Eatin’ Sum’Bish’ Wouldn’t Show *mack* What A Vagina Always Ready Anytime Anywhere,.. I Choose You McKnacker See Ewe Soon- Thee Champ -CSO-“ McGregor teased a return to the show while reminiscing about his time as a coach on the 22nd season back in 2015 with Urijah Faber. “This photo was just before the show tho. It was right before I won my first world title beating Urijah team-mate Chad Mendes around. I then went on to coach the famous fight show straight after the fight. “With a big black eye and a gash, my tricolour, and my new and first ever ufc gold belt, I waltzed into the notorious fight gym in Las Vegas. The slickest suits and shouts the show had ever seen before. On top of the silverware. And I coached my team to victory. Crazy. Some journey. “I have just been offered to coach this role again. I like it. It is full immersion which is needed. I see fighters lining up. I know what’s ahead, I been ready mother*****. #StayReady.” McGregor and Ferguson are yet to fight each other in their respective careers despite being at the top of the 155lb division together during their primes. Both men have traded multiple verbal jabs over the years and aren’t the biggest fans of each other. The pair were involved in a particularly ugly exchange last year over social media which got personal very quickly. Ferguson accused McGregor of taking steroids while the Irishman mocked the 38-year-old’s recent mental breakdown, in which he trashed his own house, before being arrested. McGregor then went on to threaten to ‘end Ferguson’s life’ in the cage. “Me and you are fighting one day mate and I gonna end your life in there full of it,” he tweeted. “Sauce. Money. Power. I already won all the belts and the money in this game I just wanna kill one of yous rats in there now it’s the only thing left for me to do. And Watch me do it. Only on PPV.”