Apparently the fashion for trainers and WFH due to covid means that we have all become complete slobs. What a shame: casual is as casual does and if we look, think and act like a loser, then that’s what we will be. And it will impact on our work, too. Admittedly, compared to the great tragedies happening in the world today, this is a pretty minor one, but still... Shiny shoes have always represented a great deal more than just well presented footwear: that’s why the army required its soldiers to polish their boots until they could see their own reflections. It was a way of showing discipline. Sitting on the train and looking at the shoes before the rest of the person is a sure-fire way of assessing someone’s character: beaten up and holey might mean they can’t afford a replacement, but filthy and battered means you can be pretty sure you’re not looking at a successful businessman. Shiny new trainers, with flashy sidebars, on the other hand, mean that this is someone you should avoid like the plague. You can always judge a lady by her shoes: that’s what I was brought up to believe. And scruffy shoes (and the rest of it) do seem to denote that as a society we just don’t care any more. Declining standards have been going on for decades: ripped jeans are commonplace, no one wears hats any more, very cheap clothing means one wear and then they’re tossed away (and all those campaigners wittering on about historic slavery might want to think about just who makes those clothes and under what conditions – now that would be something worth making a fuss about). We have become a nation of louts. Well, some of us have, anyway. Here’s another New Year’s resolution: every day I will seek to dress better than the previous one. I will not become part of a nation of slobs. Benedict Cumberbatch is the latest to be hit by demands for recompense over connections with the slave trade. His forebears owned a plantation on Barbados which used slaves and now the totally faultless Cumberbatch descendants have been threatened with legal action to force them to make reparations. Mind you, Benedict has no one but himself to blame: you don’t get much more woke than him. Remember him ranting at the audience about the plight of refugees when he appeared in Hamlet in 2015? He is one of the many who created the ludicrous climate we have now where we are all expected to atone for the actions of many hundreds of years ago and if the biter has been bit, tough luck. Meanwhile, I am reading the truly superb A Bend In The River by VS Naipaul, which is set in what was then Zaire shortly after independence. It makes the point that slavery was still common then (black on black). In Niger, slavery was not abolished until 2003, something our woke warriors keep forgetting to mention. Funny that. Prior to the death of Pope Benedict XVI, there were another couple of notable passings, illustrating the fate of some well-known people to shuffle off this mortal coil at the same moment that someone far more famous has done exactly the same. They thus lose the front page coverage they might otherwise have got. And so the great fashion designer Dame Vivienne Westwood found herself overshadowed last week by the even greater Pele. She’s in good company: step forward Mother Teresa and Princess Diana, Farah Fawcett Major and Michael Jackson and even Groucho Marx and Elvis. Never mind, some of us will think of Vivienne with great affection. Remember when she graphically made the point that she had worn no scanties when she went to meet the Queen? Frankly, once seen never forgotten... One of the latest gripes to emerge from Harry’s whingefest from Montecito is a complaint that he was always treated as a “second fiddle” to his brother William. Yup: that’s how a hereditary monarchy works. Shame he didn’t have a word with his Aunt Anne, who not only had to play second fiddle to her elder brother, but to her two younger ones, as well. But far from writing a book complaining about it all, she has lived an exemplary life of service, as Harry once seemed set to do, with his Invictus Games and Sentebale charity. As it is, Harry is destined to go down in history as a poor man’s Duke of Windsor. What an absolute waste. The obnoxious Andrew Tate posted a video jeering at Greta Thunberg: he is now under arrest in Romania, with some people believing that the pizza boxes he had delivered during the filming gave his location away. Elsewhere Marlene Headley changed her name to Ngozi Fulani and took to wearing African dress; she then expressed outrage when someone thought she might conceivably have had something to do with Africa. Her charity, Sistah Space, is now under investigation by the authorities. No doubt the two are unrelated. But the law of unintended consequences can be strange, can it not? Truly we are living in a golden age of television, with streaming services coming up with better and better shows every week. My standout bingefest from last year was the second series of The White Lotus. If you missed it give it a go but, as my colleague Judy Finnegan pointed out, it’s not an intergenerational watch as you will die of embarrassment watching the sex scenes with either children or parents. One of the characters is seen slamming shut his computer when his wife catches him looking at something racy: you will do the same. You have been warned!