Goran Ivanisevic has claimed that Grigor Dimitrov played the “wrong way” against Novak Djokovic in their Australian Open third-round tie as he revealed that the Serb feared their match the most amid his hamstring injury struggles. Djokovic was able to win a record 10th Aussie Open crown on Sunday and return to No 1 in the world as a result, but his coach admitted that he could have crashed out in week one if the Bulgarian used the right tactics. Djokovic made history once again as he became the first player to win 10 titles in Melbourne, also allowing him to tie Rafael Nadal’s record of 22 overall Grand Slams. But the 35-year-old’s title hopes had been in doubt early in the tournament as he was left battling with a hamstring injury that saw him require multiple medical timeouts as he resorted to using “pills and hot cream” to manage the issue, which improved in week two. And his coach has now revealed that he was “most afraid” of the 35-year-old crashing out in the third round when he faced 27th seed Dimitrov, who hadn’t dropped a set going into their match. But his fears were put to rest as Djokovic was able to save two set points in the opener and come through 7-6(7) 6-3 6-4, with Ivanisevic later claiming that the former world No 3 could have beaten him if he didn’t play the “wrong way”. “In the first two rounds, the opponents were easier, so we figured it was going to be okay,” he said of Djokovic playing through his hamstring injury. “But Dimitrov just played in the wrong way, his coach and himself didn’t have the proper plan, the right tactics." JUST IN: Raducanu adds new tournament to schedule as Brit plots injury comeback   The 2001 Wimbledon champion claimed that his charge had been unable to move during the match but got lucky when Dimitrov failed to push him around the court, adding that Djokovic had been fine for the rest of the tournament. “Novak couldn’t move and Grigor played maybe two or three drop shots, I would’ve played 300,” he admitted. “But he is our Balkan brother, so he helped. Dimitrov is a tricky opponent even if you’re ready - he slices a lot, everything happens fast with him. That was the match I was most afraid. Afterwards, Novak’s game was astonishing, everything went smoothly.” Djokovic tweaked his hamstring during the semi-final of the Adelaide International the week before the Australian Open started and the injury “worsened” according to Ivanisevic, prompting him to fly in renowned sports doctor Marijana Kovacevic, who previously worked with the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo following his injury at the 2016 European Championships. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic and Rafa Nadal 'going nowhere' as Serb threatens rivalsMurray pulls out of tournament amid post-Aus Open schedule shake-upNick Kyrgios addresses 'bad boy' reputation following injury surgery And Ivanisevic admitted that her involvement had made all the difference after Djokovic’s team made the expensive decision to fly her in and help. “You know when a President visits a foreign country and they give him a list of 37,000 things to do, meetings etc. Novak had 37,000 therapies and treatments,” the former world No 2 explained. “All of those emotions came to the surface after he won. I mean, the guy spent more time in his car than in his previous 16 Australian Open tournaments combined. Incredible medical team, incredible. Also, Dr Marijana came, what we did to get her the visa and the flights, I can’t even describe. If I wasn’t present to witness all of this first hand and somebody was telling me about it, I’d most probably be like: ‘Yeah, right, tell it to someone else’. That is why this is extra special, his biggest victory so far.” 