Arsenal transfer target Moises Caicedo has taken to social media in an attempt to force a "record" move to the Emirates this month. The Brighton midfielder has been linked with a move to the Gunners, as Mikel Arteta's side have had a bid rejected by the Seagulls and Roberto De Zerbi's side have been adamant that they do not wish to sell their star man in January. Caicedo has had an impressive season at Brighton and attracted interest from the likes of Arsenal, Chelsea and Liverpool while two of those clubs have tabled bids for the Ecuadorian this month. Brighton have been firm in their response and rejected offers from Arsenal and Chelsea, forcing Caicedo to take to Instagram with a public plea to let him leave the club this month. "I am grateful to Mr. Bloom and Brighton for giving me the chance to come to the Premier League and I feel I have always done my best for them," Caicedo wrote. "I always play football with a smile and with heart. I am the youngest of 10 siblings from a poor upbringing in Santa Domingo in Ecuador. My dream always to be the most decorated player in the history of Ecuador. "I am proud to be able to bring in a record transfer fee for Brighton which would allow them to reinvest it and help the club continue to be successful. The fans have taken me into their hearts and they will always be in my heart so I hope they can understand why I want to take up this magnificent opportunity.” Chelsea were thought to be frontrunners after testing the waters with a £55million bid earlier this month, which was swiftly rejected by Brighton. In recent days Arsenal have stepped up their interest in the 21-year-old and tabled a £60m offer, which was also turned down by Brighton. Brighton's stance throughout the window has remained the same, they do not want to sell Caicedo mid-way through the season and are in a stronger financial position having let Leandro Trossard move to the Gunners for an initial £20m. DON'T MISSTransfer news LIVE: Arsenal £60m Caicedo bid, Chelsea deals die, Gordon swapCaicedo 'responds to Arsenal bid' with private Brighton messageArsenal chief Edu has 'considerable funds to spend' with next signing decided  Arsenal are set to return with another bid for the box-to-box midfielder and it remains to be seen whether Brighton can be pursuaded to come down from their reported asking price of £100million due to the player's public plea to leave the club. Brighton boss De Zerbi explained that he recently spoke to Caicedo regarding a potential January transfer. “He is a good guy,” De Zerbi explained. “He is focused only on Brighton. I hope he can stay with us until the end of the season because, in my opinion, it is the best solution for him and for us. I spoke with him on Wednesday and I told him my opinion. “It is always difficult to change [clubs] inside the season. You can find some problems. For our way, it is important for him to say another four months with us. He is relaxed. I spoke with him like a father, not like a coach.” 