The Prince of Wales stepped out alone to pay a visit to Aik Saath, a charity originally set up to fight gang violence in Slough and west London. During the engagement, the heir to the throne confessed his love for steaks - before conceding his sauces need more work. This special visit was meant to take place on September 13 last year, but was cancelled in the wake of the death of Queen Elizabeth II. The original engagement would have seen Prince William being accompanied by his wife Kate. Together, the couple would have met organisers of the association, launched in the mid-1990s, as well as local youth volunteers. Kate and William were also scheduled to take part in a cooking lesson, offered as part of the charity's Global Grub programme. While Kate was absent today, Prince William appeared in high spirits as he headed to the community centre located at 29 Church Street in Slough which is this year celebrating its 25th year. Royal fans took to Twitter to express their happiness at the "surprise" engagement. One, called Liana (@WalesRoyals), simply tweeted: "Amazing surprise!" Another, called Sarah Delore (@sarah_delore), wrote: "What a lovely surprise engagement by Prince William." READ MORE: Wootton slams Harry as 'Duke of Delusion' after 'blackmailing' Firm Meeting people at Aik Saath, William learned how the organisation was set up following gang disputes between local Hindu, Muslim, and Sikh communities but has since evolved into a hub providing support to all young people, regardless of their faith or background. Prince William's long-standing work on mental health fits in perfectly with the work carried out by the organisation, whose name means "Together as One" in Hindi, Punjabi, and Urdu. Among other programmes, Aik Saath teaches children how to resolve conflict and contribute to a mentally healthy society. The organisation also runs workshops for students at every education level, from primary school to university. During the rescheduled visit, William learned more about the Global Grub programme, which was born after the NHS Innovation Fund awarded the organisation a £5,000 grant. These funds helped Aik Saath to convert a local shipping centre space into a kitchen, where young people are taught during the summer holidays how to prepare homecooked meals from around the world.  As he visited the kitchen, the heir to the throne put on an apron and joined a group of young carers being taught about food nutrition and cooking skills by chef and teacher Kevin Muhammad. The prince told the chef: "I do a mean steak. My sauces come out quite dry or lumpy - I've got to work on those." The royal helped the young carers prepare teriyaki chicken and poured a bowl of pre-cooked noodles into the wok of simmering poultry. William's trip to Slough comes exactly one week following the publication of Prince Harry's tell-all memoir Spare. It also comes one day after the office of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex issued a blistering response to Jeremy Clarkson, who said to have sent the pair a private apology in late December following his controversial - and now deleted - column for The Sun in which he had written to hate Meghan "on a cellular level". Prior to the Sussexes' statement, the TV host took to his Instagram account to say: "One of the strange things I've noticed in recent times is that whenever an MP or a well-known person is asked to apologise for something, no matter how heartfelt or profound that apology may be, it's never enough for the people who called for it in the first place." He continued: "So I'm going to try and buck the trend this morning with an apology for the things I said in a Sun column recently about Meghan Markle. I really am sorry. All the way from the balls of my feet to the follicles on my head. This is me putting my hands up. Its a mea culpa with bells on. "Usually, I read what I've written to someone else before filing, but I was home alone on that fateful day, and in a hurry. So when I'd finished, I just pressed Send. And then, when the column appeared the next day, the landmine exploded." A spokesman for Harry and Meghan said: "On December 25 2022, Mr Clarkson wrote solely to Prince Harry, the Duke of Sussex. The contents of his correspondence were marked private and confidential. "While a new public apology has been issued today by Mr Clarkson, what remains to be addressed is his long-standing pattern of writing articles that spread hate rhetoric, dangerous conspiracy theories and misogyny. "Unless each of his other pieces were also written 'in a hurry', as he states, it is clear that this is not an isolated incident shared in haste, but rather a series of articles shared in hate."