Ripping out your kitchen and replacing it with a brand-new one isn't an option for everyone, especially at times when money is tight. However, the director of interior design for Lick paint, Tash Bradley, explained how she managed to make her own kitchen look "brand new" for less than £50. Lick are known for their durable designer paint in a range of pigment-rich shades, with a can of paint costing just £42. And it was one tin of this paint which allowed Tash to breathe new life into her kitchen. "We have a place that we have just decorated this weekend," she told Express.co.uk. "The kitchen was disgusting but I wasn't going to get a new kitchen." Tash continued: "Honestly, I thought a new kitchen can cost £10,000 and I don't have £10,000, so I said we're just going to spend two days [painting it]." She chose a bright colour to add some "fun" to the room and got to work painting the existing cabinets. "You only need one tin of paint," she explained. "I've never done a kitchen project where you need more than one tin and I'm like the difference it makes is unreal." READ MORE: Interior designer says common home layout is 'officially' out Tash explained that you first need to remove the handles from the cupboard and drawers, before getting to work on prepping the surface. Regardless of the DIY upcycling task you are taking on, preparing the surface before applying paint is crucial, according to the expert. She explained: "It is totally down to the prep. So, let's say you are upcycling a chest of drawers, just make sure you sand it down. You prep it properly and you won't need a primer. "When you sand it, you create a surface which is almost like Velcro to the paint, and it just makes sure that the paint like totally sticks to it." Both Lick's matte and eggshell paint range can be applied to wood without the need for varnish. DON'T MISSInterior designer on 'overwhelming' paint to avoid [COMMENT]Mould will ‘vanish’ from bathroom sealant and grout with 95p spray [INSIGHT]Banish toilet limescale ‘effectively’ without harsh chemicals [EXPLAINER[ "We literally just took all of the handles and drawers off [our kitchen cabinets] and changed it to a really fun colour," Tash explained. "We sanded it back and it literally feels like a brand new kitchen." As well as a fresh coat of paint, switching out the old handles from drawers or cupboards for new ones can add a pop of personality. It's also an opportunity to experiment with colour for those who might be used to a more neutral palette. "I always think upcycling something is a really lovely place to go a bit bolder," she explained. "You've gone a bit neutral on your walls, having a chest of drawers and then like a bright green within like brass handles is really cool. " Along with creating something unique in your home, it's also beneficial to the planet. "I'm so here for it because it's sustainable," explained Tash. "And giving something a second life is just so the way that we should go." For 2023, Tash and the Lick team have created a palette of deep, earthy tones to complement the colours of nature. “I’ve brought in colours which have a more energising tone to them,” explained Tash. In Lick’s 2023 colour palette, the colour green is used to “reconnect us to the natural world and symbolise life and re-growth”. As such, the brand has selected an earthy shade named Green 05 Rome House. The palette also features deep shades of teal and earthy orange. The palette is also complemented by four grounding neutrals: White 06, Taupe 03 Soho Roc House, Beige 02 Soho Farmhouse and Pink 13 Nashville House. “These are a beige taupe, a lovely chalky, white with a pink undertone," explained the interior expert. "All of those colours are totally timeless and instantly play as the perfect backdrop to anyone's home."