A mum has slammed her son's "tiny" school meals that "wouldn't fill a five-year-old". Leanne Pengelly says every day her 10-year-old son comes home from school hungry.     The 43-year-old managed to snap a picture of the free school meals provided at Millbrook Primary School in Newport, Wales, when she picked up her son early one day and collected his lunch at the same time. The tiny lunch contained cabbage, potatoes, and carrots with some gravy. Leanne, who raised concerns with the school's teachers, says that the meal would "barely fill a five-year-old". She said: "My son wasn’t well so I went to pick him up from school and they gave him his lunch to eat and I was shocked at how little there was. "He has always said the meals are small, and he's starving when he gets in from school. "I brought it up with Millbrook a few years back, but nothing got done and I had never seen the size of them. "My son gets free school meals, but it costs me extra money to go out and buy stuff for packed lunches because he's so hungry. "After picking him up from school I had to make him more food because he was still so hungry, so I can't imagine how he must feel every day at school. "He is a 10-year-old boy and they wouldn’t fill a five-year-old up."   Ms Pengelly said she had since voiced her concerns to staff at the school - with one teacher suggesting she would raise the issue with Newport City Council. Children at the school are currently being taught at the former Brynglas Adult Training Centre two miles away from the original site, there is no confirmation on when they can return. A spokesperson for Millbrook Primary School and Newport City Council said: "All school meals supplied by Newport City Council’s contracted catering company have to meet Welsh Government’s quality standards. "They are nutritious, freshly cooked and affordable. "We are sorry this parent felt this meal, which included a pudding, was insufficient but we would urge her to raise her concerns directly with the school. "The school sent the meal home with the child, who was unwell, as a gesture of goodwill. "It is not something they are legally required to do."