NCIS LA fans have grown to love Agent Roundtree (played by Caleb Castille) since he debuted on the CBS series back in season 11. Now a full-fledged member of the OSP alongside the likes of Kensi Blye (Daniela Ruah) and Sam Hanna (LL Cool J), fans have gotten more of an insight into the young agent’s life in recent seasons. This included the introduction of his sister Jordyn (Ava McCoy) back in season 13 and luckily for fans, it looks like the siblings will be spending more time together on-screen soon. Jordyn’s introduction to NCIS LA was as part of a rather harrowing ordeal for her and her older brother. The two were racially profiled by police officers while driving along, resulting in Roundtree being pepper sprayed and a furious Kilbride (Gerald McRaney) vowing to have justice bought to the offending officers. The episode was widely praised for bringing the real-life issue to screens in such a way and McCoy’s portrayal of Jordyn was a major factor in that. Jordyn hasn’t been seen since the episode but thanks to a behind-the-scenes clip shared by Castille, she’ll return soon alongside another familiar face. READ MORE: NCIS LA sparks fan frenzy after key character returns Taking to Instagram on Thursday, January 12, Castille and Fatima star Medalion Rahimi took time out of filming for a few social media updates. In the first clip, Castille asked an excited Rahimi if it was “Friday” as she screamed with glee on the back of a cart, although he was keen to point out: “No, it’s not. Almost, almost.” He followed this up with a selfie alongside Rahimi before sharing a clip of himself, Rahimi, McCoy and guest star Ashlei Sharpe Chestnut preparing for a scene. Castille’s co-stars struck a pose and engaged in conversation while the crew of the CBS drama prepared around them to film the scene. Therefore, fans know that not only will Jordyn be back, but Sharpe Chestnut’s FBI Special Agent Summer Morehurst will also reappear. Sharpe Chestnut appeared earlier on in season 14 when she made her debut in the episode titled Let It Burn. McCoy’s stint on NCIS LA remains arguably her biggest role to date having previously appeared in fellow CBS series God Friended Me before. The Summer Morehust star, on the other hand, has a number of high-profile TV gigs under her belt already. DON'T MISS:NCIS’ Michael Weatherly sparks frenzy with Ziva and Tony updateNCIS LA’s Daniela Ruah opens up on ‘nightmare’ NCISverse challengeNCIS season 20: Palmer and Knight romance in jeopardy after crossover Back in 2019, Sharpe Chestnut enjoyed a guest appearance in Fox’s Prodigal Son opposite The Walking Dead’s Tom Payne. She also enjoyed a recurring stint in Showtime’s Homeland as Simon Bah from 2016 to 2017. Elsewhere, her CV also boasts roles in The Good Fight, Cruel Summer and Timberwood. And she’ll star in the upcoming third season of Amazon Prime’s Star Trek: Picard. In the meantime, Castille stopped short of revealing exactly when his co-stars would be back on-screen. But NCIS LA fans do have a new episode to look forward to this Sunday titled Best Seller. The synopsis for the instalment reads: “When Sam's friend Tom Olsen finds himself being hunted down by enemies from his past, the NCIS team must find out who is after him.” NCIS LA season 14 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.