A body believed to be a missing dad-of-four has been found by police. Harjinder "Harry" Takhar disappeared on Sunday, October 2, sparking police appeals and a social media campaign to find him.   Officers say a body found in an isolated woodland near Bridgnorth Road in Telford, Shropshire, is thought to be the 58-year-old. His death is not being treated as suspicious, and Harry's family has been informed, reports Birmingham Live. A spokesperson for West Mercia Police said: "A body found in Bridgnorth Road in Telford earlier this week is believed to be missing man Harjinder 'Harry' Takhar. "The discovery was made in an isolated woodland area off Bridgnorth Road in Telford shortly before midday on Monday. "While formal identification hasn’t taken place yet, officers believe it to be Harry and his family has been informed. "Harry, 58, from Telford, has been missing since the morning of Sunday, October 2."  Before Harry disappeared, he was last seen running towards a wooded area in Telford after suffering a panic attack. Searches were carried out in "very challenging terrain, such as water pools, disused canals, thick undergrowth, underground cave network and underground storm drain network" said police. West Mercia Police made numerous appeals to find him and a social media campaign using the hashtag #HelpHarryHome was also launched. Harry also used to live in Smethwick and Bearwood and many members of the public joined in the campaign to help find him. Detective Inspector Jo Whitehead, who led the enquiries into Harry’s disappearance, said: "This is a sad outcome to what has been a challenging and emotional search, but I’m pleased that Harry’s family now have some closure. "I’d like to thank the public for their incredible response to our appeals to locate Harry and all the information that they provided to us during our enquiries. "Harry’s family have asked me to express their sincere thanks for the support they have received from the community since Harry’s disappearance, and have asked that their privacy is respected at this distressing time." 