A dad-of-two who grew cannabis at his former home blew his chance of avoiding prison by not doing court-ordered unpaid work. Adam Weaver was convicted of producing the class B drug and abstracting electricity in February 2020 and handed a suspended sentence order.    He has violated the order twice since then by either missing probation service appointments or not doing his unpaid job. On one of the occasions, he did not turn up as he had consumed too much alcohol the night before, reports Derbyshire Live. Activating part of the order and jailing Weaver for eight months, Recorder Richard McConaghy said: "I have no doubt that, when you were sentenced at this court, you were warned about the consequences of not complying with the order that was put in place. "Suspended sentences are a chance that's given for rehabilitation and the chance to prove you can comply - it is not optional to comply."    In February last year, Weaver, of Yarncliffe Close, Chesterfield, was handed 12 months in prison, suspended for 18 months, with 200 hours of unpaid work and a 30-day rehabilitation activity requirement. But probation officer Paige Jones this week told the court how, on a number of occasions, the defendant simply did not turn up to do his unpaid work. She said: "On November 12, he failed to comply with an appointment and was issued with a final warning. "He said he had not come as he'd drank excess alcohol the night before and that's why he did not turn up." Weaver, who has children aged 10 and 12, pleaded guilty to breaching his suspended sentence order. His hearing last February was told how his address was searched by police on April 6, 2018, with officers finding a "rather sophisticated cannabis grow" and that the "electricity had been bypassed". The defendant admitted that the grow was "his own creation to make some kind of money, but nothing more than that". The 21 plants found had an estimated street value of £3,700. Prosecutor Thomas Welshman told the court that the cost of bypassing the electricity supply was estimated at £2,500. However, Almas Ben-Aribia, defending, said payment of that amount had already been made to the supplier with Weaver obtaining the money from his former father-in-law. The defence barrister added that her client, who had a number of previous convictions though none for drugs offences, had not been in trouble with the police for ten years prior to the cannabis grow being discovered. She added that the offending occurred during the breakdown of his marriage to the children's mother, and that Weaver also turned to alcohol. Ms Ben-Aribia said: "Alcohol is a problem for him but one that is manageable and one for which there seems to be a clear plan in place and one that has resulted in a voluntary referral for assistance with managing his alcohol."