Manchester United captain Harry Maguire has been warned that his days at Old Trafford could be set to end due to one of his team-mates in Luke Shaw. The England centre-back has struggled for regular playing time this season and has been linked with a move away, after falling down the pecking order under boss Erik ten Hag. Maguire began the season as first choice, but Lisandro Martinez has taken his spot as left centre-back alongside Raphael Varane. The Argentine defender returned late from the World Cup after lifting the trophy with his country, as Maguire may have thought that he had a chance of taking his spot back if he performed well in Martinez’s absence. However, Shaw was preferred at centre-back instead of Maguire and Tyrell Malacia came into the team at left-back instead. Shaw excelled alongside Varane, especially as he kept Erling Haaland at bay in the 2-1 win over Manchester City, and former Tottenham goalkeeper Paul Robinson has warned Maguire that Shaw’s positive spell at centre-back should signal the end of his United career. “Shaw has been incredible,” Robinson told Football Insider. “He has been given an opportunity at centre-half recently and he has taken it with both hands. I never thought of him being a centre-half but now you watch him there, he has all of the credentials. He deserves all of his plaudits. “You wonder where it leaves Maguire though. Shaw and Martinez are ahead of him in the pecking order now. Maguire was great at the World Cup. But, he has come back and is not playing. I question where his future lies. He has a left-back playing ahead of him. I think his time at Man United is up.” Maguire has been linked with the likes of Leicester, Newcastle and West Ham but the skipper is set to stay at Old Trafford this month according to reports, and fight for his place. Maguire has spoken out and explained his disappointment that he has not retained his spot as a starter under Ten Hag. DON'T MISS...Man Utd can replicate Van Persie move as Ten Hag priority out of reachChelsea boss Potter explains Mudryk debut plan before Liverpool clashTottenham eye Trossard rebound as Paratici 'sets up Zaniolo meeting' “I think subs throughout our season have been really important, they’ve scored some crucial goals, players have come on and had a big impact in the game. So we know it’s a squad game,” Maguire told United Daily. “Obviously everyone wants to start and everyone’s disappointed when they don’t start the games, but that’s the way it should be because we’re all footballers, we’re all competitive, we want to play football. But we’ve also got to be ready when we’re called upon. “I think our fixture list from now until the end of the season is relentless, not much break, not much rest in between games. So I’m sure fresh legs will be used. And I think if you’re going to be a successful squad, it’s so important to have competition for places in each position, and I think we’ve got that in this team now.”