Manchester United star Alejandro Garnacho ‘didn’t sulk’ following criticism by Erik ten Hag earlier in the season, according to reports. The Argentine had to be patient following the appointment of the 52-year-old, initially struggling for game time. However, he’s now very much a key player at Old Trafford - and hopes are high he can get even better in the future. Ten Hag has stamped his authority on United ever since taking the job back in the summer, having beaten Mauricio Pochettino to the post. And the Red Devils are now a completely different side to the one that toiled under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last season. One player who has emerged as key over the course of the campaign is Garnacho. However, at first, he had to be patient. It’s an open secret that he initially struggled to win Ten Hag round, with the forward missing two team meetings much to the ire of his manager. According to the Daily Mail he was also told to ‘pull his socks up’ after arriving at training looking ‘dishevelled’, something that didn’t go unnoticed. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big But Garnacho, to his credit, ‘didn’t sulk’ and instead responded by knuckling down behind the scenes. He has since gone on to become a vital player for United, impressing out wide regardless of the team-mates around him. The report also details other aspects of life at Carrington that Ten Hag has changed as he looks to bring the glory days back to Old Trafford. He introduced a strict dress code back in the summer, insisting United squad members must never wear sliders - only trainers. Under Ten Hag’s watch, players seldom stay at the Lowry Hotel before matches as well. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see They usually did under Jose Mourinho, who lived there during his period in charge, with the Red Devils once turning up late to a home game against Juventus. Yet Ten Hag is trusting of his players and allows them to arrive at matches four hours before kick off, just like himself. The Dutchman ordered United to upgrade certain aspects of life at Carrington, with the grass cut to the exact length he wishes. There was also a £200,000 upgrade carried out on the complex, including tiered seating and a TV that cost a massive £100,000. And there’s no denying United are better on his watch these days, with Manchester City in the derby up next. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ahead of that showdown, Pep Guardiola has said he’s considering some ‘ridiculous’ ideas as he looks to guide his side to victory. But Ten Hag has shrugged off his counterpart’s comments by saying: “I don’t care about that, about what he's thinking. “But he did it more often and we're prepared for that, if he does different things. We have our principles, our rules for football.” And he added: “What does it mean to be brave? Always it's a way of playing, in possession, giving each other options, taking the right decisions, going forward when it’s possible, defending and being on the front foot, being aggressive. “That's what it means to be brave. As a team, act with togetherness, to have the same ideas in every situation. That means bravery. “Top football is about results, but you want to do it in a certain way. Be proactive, adventurous and also entertain.” When quizzed on whether United are ready to challenge City, he continued: “We'll see tomorrow. “Of course, if you want to win trophies, you have to compete with the best and City are the best, so we look forward to challenging them.”