New data from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) suggests that 1.4 million households should prepare for their rates to go up. This is primarily due to the fact that this amount of people will have to renew their fixed rate mortgages in 2023. Interest rates have risen dramatically in the past couple of months and subsequent rate hikes look likely to continue for the foreseeable future. Experts are sounding the alarm that some families may see their mortgage payments increase by as much as £3,000 a year. With inflation continuing to hurt the UK economy, the Bank of England has made a series of interventions by hiking the base rate. The base rate is now at 3.5 percent, and while the rises may have been a boon for savers, it has been detrimental to those with mortgages that are due to be reviewed. In its assessment of the UK housing market, the Bank of England has determined that the majority of mortgages are at a fixed rate. READ MORE: Pension triple lock ‘needs reform’ for ‘means-tested’ payments According to the ONS, around 353,000 fixed rate mortgages for homes will have to be renewed in the first quarter of this year. Furthermore, 371,000 fixed rate mortgages will be coming to an end by the second quarter of 2023. In its analysis of mortgages, Hargreaves Lansdown found that people who decide to remortgage this year will see their payments go up by £250 on average. As a result, this means that homes with a fixed rate mortgage will be £3,000 more expensive over the space of 12 months. Karen Noye, a mortgage expert at Quilter, outlined the dire financial pressure facing 1.4 million households up and down the UK. She explained: “Those with a fixed rate mortgage coming to an end this year will likely have been shielded from the rise in interest rates so far as they had locked in at a time when interest rates were below two percent. “However, this now means they could be facing a significant increase in their monthly payments when they come to renew, and this could rapidly become unaffordable for many people – particularly if they still have a high loan to value. “And this is all in addition to eye-watering heating bills and food costs soaring, which will serve to make this winter in particular and the rest of this year difficult for millions." READ MORE: Waspi women wait for compensation verdict as 'cruel' rumours fly Households thinking about remortgaging to save money are looking at alternatives, such as tracker rate mortgages, to do so. However, Ms Noye notes that this is not a guarantee that payments will come down and, in fact, families could end up paying more if interest rates continue to soar at the rate they are going at. The mortgage expert added: “Given the high interest rates – many of which still sit around six percent - those looking to refix may well be more tempted to opt for a tracker mortgage rather than fix at the current levels, particularly after Rishi Sunak announced inflation is likely to half this year, which could mean that the Bank of England will not need to continue hiking interest rates. “Lenders are already tweaking their offerings to reflect this. For example, just last week Halifax relaunched a handful of tracker products aimed at first-time buyers and those looking to remortgage. “While borrowers may feel a tracker rate is the better option, it is important that they are aware that tracker rates will likely be impacted by any further Bank of England rate rises and could therefore surpass the fixed rates currently on offer.” While inflation is slowing down in the UK, experts believe further interest rate rises by the Bank of England are likely due to the current economic climate. The next announcement by the Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) regarding the base rate will take place on February 2, 2023.