The British socialite, who was sentenced to 20 years in prison for sex trafficking young girls for billionaire paedophile Jeffrey Epstein last year, reportedly holds two classes a week for dozens of prisoners. On the agenda at the Federal Correctional Institution in Tallahassee are lessons on how to have good manners, how to talk eloquently, how to dress to impress and how to bag a job, an insider claims.  A flyer has been pinned up inside the prison promoting the course. It says: "Taught by Mrs Maxwell, this course teaches the three principles of etiquette – focusing on respect, consideration and honesty." Maxwell's classes have proven so popular, according to The Mirror, that she is hosting the course in both English and Spanish, with the help of a Colombian inmate who is acting as a translator for the jail's Hispanic population. A source also told the Daily Mail: "It's less about balancing books on heads and being ladylike, and more about having confidence in yourself – how to behave and talk in a professional manner, the secrets of success in the corporate world, that sort of thing. "Miss Maxwell's message is, so what if you're a woman and a convicted felon, you're not a second-class citizen. She's an unlikely role model but she's very passionate about this."  The course, which ran last year, proved so popular that prison authorities have commissioned another round of classes, according to the insider. It’s previously been reported by The Week that Maxwell is already able to take part in yoga classes and try her hand at baking at the low-security prison. Sources told The Mirror that Maxwell also worked in the prison's law library and enjoys going for a run outdoors almost every day. Last year the 61-year-old was pictured jogging along her prison's track, dressed in a standard-issue grey T-shirt, matching sweat shorts and trainers.  Despite her age, the convicted offender is known among inmates to be a fitness fanatic, sometimes beating other, much younger women in a race. "Ghislaine is incredibly fit," said a prison source. "She runs almost every day, and when not jogging on the track, she will walk with one of her friends. "For her age, she is incredibly active and does a 40 minutes session completing lap after lap without stopping before she needs to be back inside.  "She is happy to be allowed out in the open once again, where she has at least some semblance of freedom. "When not working in the law library, she stays outside in the sun for hours. She is very, very sociable." Maxwell, a former friend of Prince Andrew, was sentenced to 20 years in prison last year for trafficking underage girls. She was convicted of five charges in December 2021 for recruiting victims with Epstein, her boyfriend, between 1994 and 2004 following a month-long trial. 