The National Living Wage is expected to rise this year following an announcement made by Jeremy Hunt during his Autumn Statement last year. This level pay is the minimum wage businesses have to pay their workers if they are £23 or over. However, those in receipt of this amount may be able to receive a sizable pension benefit as a result of this rise. Under the Government’s current plans, the National Living Wage shall be increased from £9.50 to £10.40 an hour in April. It is believed by the experts around 2.5 million workers will be affected, and represent a pay rise of nearly 10 percent. Those who are younger than 23 could be paid the National Minimum Wage instead, which is slightly less than the National Living Wage. This particular payment for young people aged between 21 and 23 can get a minimum of £9.18 an hour. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come Anyone working a job between the ages of 18 and 20 could get a minimum wage of £6.83 an hour. With this increase to the National Living Wage, workers may be entitled to a “hidden pension benefit” which will eventually boost their retirement. Kate Smith, head of pensions at Aegon, broke down what the pending hikes to the payment rate of the minimum wage for employees mean. She explained: “The National Living Wage will increase from £9.50 to £10.42 an hour in April. “While not keeping up with current inflation rates, this is higher than current average earnings growth in the UK labour market. “Not only will this provide a boost for lower earners struggling to meet the demands of the rising cost of living, but what people might not realise is the hidden pension benefit under auto-enrolment.” The finance expert discussed how much extra people will accumulate into their pension pot which will be useful for when they are older. Ms Smith added: “The rise in minimum wage will mean an additional £134 going into pensions over the course of the year. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing  “Currently, eligible employees working full-time on the National Living Wage will have a total pension contribution of £884, which will increase to £1,018. “While this may not seem a lot, with compound investment growth over many years even a small increase will prove very beneficial to future retirement savings, especially for those early in their careers. “In a workplace pension scheme, employees also benefit from ‘free’ money from their employer which is added to their pension pot.” Earlier today, the Low Pay Commission published a report into the status of, and forecasts for, the National Living Wage. The report recommended that the minimum wage for over 23s will be increased again in 2024 to £11.08 an hour. This would represent a rate hike of 6.3 percent which would be needed in 2024 to achieve this target and the report believes would be appropriate in light of the existing economic conditions. Even with this wage rise, Real Household Disposable Income per person is to drop to more than seven percent over next two years, according to the latest OBR report. This would be the biggest fall on record and would incomes fall to 2013 levels, prior to the introduction of the National Living Wage.