Nigel Farage invited Narinda Kaur onto Tuesday's instalment of his GB News programme to discuss Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's relationship with the Royal Family. The pair had conflicting views about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, with Nigel claiming only disgraced royal Prince Andrew is less popular than the pair. The row came ahead of Prince Harry's explosive ITV interview about his family which airs in full on Sunday. Nigel claimed Prince Harry and Meghan were doing televised interviews "for the money" during his tense exchange with Narinda. Narinda replied: "Well there is nothing wrong with that, the media makes money from Harry and Meghan, why shouldn't they? "They have bills to pay and they are not sponging from the taxpayer." However, the debate escalated as Nigel hit out at Harry for "sl*****g his own family off" during his upcoming ITV interview with Tom Bradby and CBS interview for 60 Minutes. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford shares Eamonn Holmes bedroom confession Nigel claimed: "The betrayal is that Harry walked away. He was born into a life of privilege, but a life of duty as well, and he walked away from it." Harry and his wife stepped down from their roles as senior members of the Royal Family in 2020 and now reside in America with their two young children Archie and Lilibet. Nigel added: "I think they had an absolute fairytale wedding and the country took to them." The former politician added: "They chose to go to the other side of the world."  Narinda continued to defend Harry and Meghan before Nigel started questioning their popularity with the British public. He exclaimed: "Harry and Meghan's popularity, in the country, has gone from stratospherically high to having only Prince Andrew below them. "There are reasons for that, but their popularity is very low." Narinda clapped back by telling Nigel they would "stay relevant" even if they were stripped of their royal titles. DON'T MISS...Charles may take 'firm action' against Harry if he crosses 'red line' [LATEST]Harry's memoir already in No2 Amazon best seller spot [UPDATE]Harry and Meghan's rows against Firm 'weakened' by 'lack of evidence' [ROYALS] She added: "You will not get bored of them and I think they are great for this country." She claimed the Sussexes walked away from the Royal Family as "they were not being protected". "Silence is not golden," she added. "The monarchy needs to speak out against racism and they didn't." However, Nigel claimed the British monarchy has done "more for black and Asian people in the past 75 years than any other group of people in history".  They continued to clash over the subject, but Nigel thanked Narinda for voicing her opinions to keep the debate "balanced". The fiery exchange comes days before Prince Harry's memoir Spare gets released to the world. Publisher Penguin Random House has promised "raw, unflinching honesty" from the Prince within the tell-all book. Farage At Large airs Monday to Thursday at 7pm on GB News. 