Berkshire-born entrepreneur Peter Jones is the only original member of BBC's Dragon's Den after the show first aired 17 years ago. While best known for his appearances on the programme, the business magnate has his hands in many industries, from property and mobile phones to leisure. According to the Sunday Times Rich List in 2021, Peter Jones and his family had a net worth of £1.157bn, making it to entry 150 on the list. Through his savvy business sense and ambitious nature, Peter is now worth an estimated $400 million (around £332.6million), according to Celebrity Net Worth. Born in Langley and growing up in Maidenhead, the businessman now resides in Buckinghamshire with his wife Tara Capp. However, they have kept details about the property largely private. One photo the Dragons' Den judge shared on Instagram to mark his birthday showed off what appears to be his conservatory. It has white walls, lots of windows and a wooden dining table where Peter's sushi dinner was displayed. Located on the M1, Buckinghamshire is around a 45 minute to one hour-drive to main parts of London. The county is a peaceful, friendly area offering an array of beautiful towns and picturesque landscapes. READ MORE: Danny Dyer’s quiet life with wife Joanne in cosy rural Essex village A ceremonial county bordering Greater London, Buckinghamshire offers a quaint, countryside alternative to the bustling streets of the capital, whilst still remaining closely connected to the city through a range of superb transport links. House prices in Buckinghamshire mostly sit above the UK’s average property price. Halifax’s latest UK House Price Index revealed that the average UK house price is £285,579, however, in Buckinghamshire it is £512,690, According to Rightmove. They noted that the majority of sales in Buckinghamshire during the last year were detached properties, selling for an average price of £868,468. Semi-detached properties sold for an average of £440,065, with terraced properties fetching £366,126. Overall, sold prices in Buckinghamshire over the last year were eight percent up on the previous year and 14 percent up on the 2020 peak of £448,288. DON'T MISS‘Worst’ tip to water orchids as roots ‘take a hit’ - how to avoid [EXPERT]‘Two key’ tips to save on heating - makes the ‘biggest difference’ [TIPS]‘Excellent natural cleaner’ that removes yellow stains from pillows [COMMENTS] Reports have shown areas such as Beaconsfield to be the priciest in the county, (Rightmove showing prices to be over £1.3million) whilst areas such as Milton Keynes are reported to be the least expensive (Rightmove shows average prices to be around £350,780). From modern-styled homes to 17th-century cottages, Buckinghamshire offers many different housing styles throughout the area, reflecting on the history. Towns such as Old Amersham are highly sought-after areas, known for their stunning period housing, giving the town a charming and traditional design. However, Buckinghamshire also offers more modern-styled towns, including the executive homes and flats of the fast-growing business town of Milton Keynes. READ MORE: Noddy Holder’s quiet life with wife Suzan in idyllic Cheshire village When it comes to living quality, Buckinghamshire certainly offers the best of both worlds, surrounded by beautiful, natural scenery as well as superb transport links. Many of the stations running in the county connect Buckinghamshire residents to the capital, including Aylesbury, Amersham, Beaconsfield, Wendover and Milton Keynes. Travel times into London can range from little under half an hour to 55 minutes, depending on the location. Milton Keynes runs a service with Virgin Trains, connecting Buckinghamshire’s residents not only to London Euston but to further areas of the country including the West Midlands, the North West, North Wales and the Scottish Central Belt. Buckinghamshire offers a host of different qualities for residents and visitors to enjoy, with stunning green spaces, a rich history and strong social communities. One of the main attractions for Buckinghamshire is the National Trust-owned sites and parks, perfect for days out with friends and family. Stowe Gardens, for example, is a stunning landscape garden designed by Capability Brown, and is actually one of the largest landscape gardens in the country. Other fantastic outdoor spaces to enjoy throughout Buckinghamshire include The Rye, where visitors can walk around, play football, enjoy the waterfall and even go fishing - and Wendover Woods, where they have Go Ape outdoor adventures as well as a few nature trails. The landscapes of Buckinghamshire have also inspired many residents, including the renowned British novelist Roald Dahl, who lived in the county whilst writing such classics as the BFG and Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. To commemorate the writer’s time in Buckinghamshire, Great Missenden town holds a Roald Dahl Museum, perfect for a family day out, with interactive galleries enjoyable for both kids and adults. The county is filled with traditional country pubs (The Hand and Flowers holding two Michelin Stars) as well as performance venues. The Aylesbury Waterside Theatre in particular hosts a number of plays, comedian performances, and music events.