Netflix’s hit dating series Too Hot To Handle wrapped up its fourth season with Jawahir Khalifa and Nick Kici finishing in first place. Ahead of the finale, star Nigel Jones confessed to not understanding the show’s format after Lana revealed they weren’t on Wild Love.  Too Hot To Handle season four saw 10 contestants arrive at the Caribbean villa under the guise they were on a new dating show, Wild Love. As the show was hosted by Mario Lopez, the stars were fully convinced as they cranked up the heat and got to know each other. The horny singletons believed they would get their adrenaline pumping around the potential matches. This was seen when the group were forced to wear jumpsuits with skydiving gear and transported to an unknown location. READ MORE: Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz  This was when Mario made an appearance and announced he invited an “expert” who arrived in a black car. Lo and behold, Too Hot To Handle’s virtual assistant Lana made an entrance and much to the cast’s dismay, they realised which dating show they were really on. Those who had previously watched the show knew it meant they had to stay abstinent for the remainder of their stay at the villa. However, Nigel Jones admitted he was confused by the reveal and didn’t understand what was happening.     Speaking to Express.co.uk: “For me honestly, I wasn’t familiar with the show so when Lana came out, beforehand they said there was another celebrity appearing. “I was like, ‘Okay, where's the celebrity? What is this cone?’ I was very confused.” The 29-year-old described his experience as a “total 360". As the singletons watched Lana in shock, she revealed they had to stay celibate for a chance to take home a $200,000 cash prize. DON'T MISS...Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [UPDATE]Netflix’s Perfect Match uproar as reality stars return amid axings [INSIGHT]Too Hot To Handle star Kayla Richart on creating ‘fun’ havoc [INSIGHT]    This was also the case for those who had formed a genuine and emotional connection. Therefore during their stay at the villa, they were no longer allowed kiss and there would be no heavy petting, no self-gratification and no sex permitted. For each rule break, the group would be fined a major deduction from the $200,000 (£163,548) prize. Despite the money on the line, temptation did strike on multiple occasions which meant a huge sum of money was forfeited.  Jawahir and Seb Melrose were the first to break the rules as their steamy kiss cost the group $3,000. Nigel and Kayla Richart followed suit with another costly smooch, however, things didn’t last long for the couple after Nigel was caught flirting with Dominique Defoe. As a result, Kayla moved on with Seb and the couple formed a genuine connection which lasted the remainder of the show.  Too Hot To Handle seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix.