Excitement has been building for the release of Daisy Jones and the Six as it is based on a best-selling novel by Taylor Jenkins Reid. In 2019, Reese Witherspoon selected the story for her book club which led to the actress buying the rights for her production company, Hello Sunshine, which was responsible for Big Little Lies and Little Fires Everywhere. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about Daisy Jones and the Six. Daisy Jones and The Six is going to premiere on Friday, March 3, on Amazon Prime Video. Once the musical series premieres, a new episode is going to come out every Friday. With the show made up of 10 episodes in total, it is believed the finale is going to come out on Friday, May 5. As Daisy Jones and The Six has already been listed as a limited series, a second season isn't expected in the future. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes brands Andrew’s silence over Eugenie baby news 'cruel' Portraying the titular character of Daisy Jones in the drama is actress Riley Keough. She is recognised as the daughter of Lisa Marie Presley, who died of cardiac arrest earlier this month, age 54. Keough is joined by Peaky Blinders actor Sam Claflin who plays charismatic lead singer Billy Dunne. Model, singer and actress Suki Waterhouse is the keyboard player Karen Sirko and Pose's Sebastian Chacon is drummer Warren Rhodes. The list of familiar faces doesn't stop with the band though as Black Panther star Nabiyah Be is behind Daisy's best friend who finds herself at the forefront of the underground disco scene. This Is A Film About My Mother star Will Harrison is behind Billy's younger brother Graham and Poldark actor Josh Whitehouse is The Six's bassist Eddie Roundtree. Some of the other cast members include Camila Morrone, Jacqueline Obradors and Tom Wright. So there will be plenty of stars to catch subscribers' attention throughout the show. DON'T MISS...Whoopi Goldberg forces The View to go off air after row [EXPLAINER]Elvis Presley’s granddaughter dazzles in Daisy Jones & The Six trailer [CAST]Hunters won't be returning for season 3 on Amazon Prime Video [UPDATE] Yes, a highly anticipated trailer for Daisy Jones and the Six came out today, Wednesday, January 25. The teaser starts with old clips from the band's tours around the world with crowds cheering "Daisy". On the screen, it reads: "Their music made them famous, their breakup made them legends." Looking as if she's speaking to the camera, Daisy says: "Look, I know I said that I would tell you everything but how much of everything do you really want to know?" The synopsis for the drama reads: "In 1977, Daisy Jones & The Six were on top of the world. "Fronted by two charismatic lead singers – Daisy Jones (Riley Keough) and Billy Dunne (Sam Claflin) – the band had risen from obscurity to fame. "And then, after a sold-out show at Chicago's Soldier Field, they called it quits. "Now, decades later, the band members finally agree to reveal the truth. This is the story of how an iconic band imploded at the height of its powers." Daisy and the Six will premiere on Friday, March 3, on Amazon Prime Video.