Avocados are versatile, nutrient-rich fruits which can be used at breakfast, lunch or dinner time. Unfortunately, though, once they become ripe, avocados can quickly turn brown. Holistic nutritionist Kayla Chandler says this is one of the downsides of the front, especially given their price. This is why she has shared some of her favourite avocado storage hacks which she claims "might just change your life". /latest/food-storage-hacks Kayla shares food and health-focused videos on her YouTube channel with an audience of 219K subscribers. "I am sharing avocado hacks so you never have to waste an avocado again," she said. "Avocados are a superfood. They are full of healthy fats and lots of nutrition and personally I eat them almost every single day," she continued. "There are so many things you can do with avocados. But let's be real, they're not the cheapest and the minute that they ripen you have to eat them right away because the next day they are pretty much done for. "Over the years I have learned some little tips and hacks to make my avocados last a lot longer." READ MORE: Stop eating sausage rolls to avoid January blues According to Kayla, one of her favourite hacks makes use of lemons. She explained: "The citric acid in fresh lemon juice helps to slow down the oxidation process." The acidity of the citric acid found in lemon juice helps to decrease the pH of avocados and lower the enzymatic activity which keeps the green fruit from turning brown. "It's super simple," the nutritionist explained. "All you have to do is squirt a little bit or brush a little bit of lemon juice onto the avocado half, put it in a glass container, into the refrigerator and you're good to go." Keeping the avocado in an airtight container will also help to slow down the oxidisation process by limiting the fruit's exposure to fresh air. Kayla added: "Another little tip that you can use lemon juice for is if you are going to be preparing smoothies or juices a day or two in advance add fresh lemon juice because it will help to preserve the nutrients." DON'T MISSTom Kerridge shares 'traditional' British recipes [EXPLAINER]Avocado storage tip to keep fruit fresh 'up to 5 days' [COMMENT]Leftover chicken pie is an 'awesome and easy mid-week meal' [RECIPE] Similarly, if you are making an avocado-based dip such as guacamole, a squeeze of lemon juice may help it last an extra day in the fridge. If you don't happen to have any lemons laying around, Kayla explained that a red onion can also be used to help keep your ripe fruit fresh. She explained: "This tip is great if you only plan on using half of the avocado. "What you want to do is take the half that still has the seed in it, put it in a glass container with some chopped purple onion. The purple onion contains sulphuric acid which helps to slow down the oxidisation or the browning process of the avocado. "And, in fact, this works so well that it can preserve your avocado for up to five days in the refrigerator." In the video, she showed how to chop red onion up into tiny pieces and then layer them in the bottom of a glass container. Next, she added the avocado half to the container, making sure it was resting on top of the slices. Then, she sealed the lid to ensure the container is airtight. Onions contain sulphur compounds which, much like lemon juice, help to slow down the oxidisation process which causes browning. Kayla's avocado storage hack video has been "liked" by viewers over 1,000 times, which commenters describing the tips as "awesome".