In the fashionable narrative of woe, poverty is deepening relentlessly, insecurity worsening and the cost of living soaring. The growth in the use of foodbanks is held to be a graphic indicator of this crisis, just as the strikes across the public sector are portrayed by broadcasters as a desperate cry by struggling workers. But beyond all this bleakness, there is another Britain which is beginning to be lit up by shafts of optimism. In this alternative, much brighter setting, the soundtrack is more likely to be the noise of ringing tills than the drumbeat of misery. This is a country eager to embrace dynamism and success, not wallow in despair and paralysis. The negativity has tended to obscure the more upbeat reality of our economy in recent months. But at the end of last week came a piece of good news too important to ignore. For most of last year, economists predicted Britain would slide into recession towards the end of 2022. Indeed the Bank of England has frequently talked as if such an outcome is inevitable, with the Governor Andrew Bailey warning as recently as November that we were about to plunge into the longest downturn on record. Yet this eventuality has conspicuously failed to materialize. Figures just released by the Office of National Statistics reveal that, contrary to most forecasts, our economy actually grew by 0.1 percent in November, helped by strong consumer spending. This welcome development is backed up by a host of other positive factors which make a mockery of the portrayal of Britain as a nation in unstoppable decline. It now looks like inflation, while still too high, may already have peaked and could fall to below five percent by the end of the year. The Prime Minister was derided only a fortnight ago when he promised to halve the inflation rate in 2023. but this could be one political pledge triumphantly fulfilled, not least because energy prices are tumbling now that alternative sources to Russian gas have been secured, while problems with other supply lines in global trade have been resolved. As inflation drops, there will be much less pressure on the Bank of England to raise interest rates. That in turn should stabilize the housing market, one of the engines of the British economy, after the current brief downward correction in prices. The institutionalised focus on dismal economic news has given a distorted picture of Britain. Politics have played their part in this unbalanced approach, since left-leaning media outlets have an ideological interest in talking up Tory failure and exaggerating the negative impact of Brexit. The same is true of progressive campaign groups and militant trade unions, all of them constantly bleating about “underfunding by the Tories” even though state expenditure and taxation are at record levels. Meanwhile the BBC, as a creaking public sector bureaucracy, has an instinctive empathy with other parts of the state machine, which is partly why it gives such extensive coverage to the aggrieved public workforce. From watching the BBC, you would never think that 83 percent of jobholders work in the private sector. But it is precisely this sector that is pulling Britain to prosperity once again with its high productivity, its spirit of enterprise, and its embrace of change. Far from sliding towards contraction, so much of our commerce is roaring towards expansion. As the FTSE 100 Index came near to a record high last week, supermarket chains and other retailers reported a bumper Christmas in sales, a sign that consumer confidence is much less fragile than the pessimists claim.  The new car market recorded its fifth month of growth in December, with an 18.3 percent increase in registrations to 128,500. Similarly, travel companies have seen a surge in bookings for this summer. In another sign of creative vigour, the number of independent bookshops rose in 2022 to a 10-year high. All this activity has taken place against a backdrop of almost full employment and a record level of savings, much of it built up during the pandemic. The security created by a robust labour market and substantial cash reserves adds to the economy’s resilience. We must not allow the doom-mongers to undermine these strengths.