Manchester United hero Brian McClair looks completely unrecognisable from the player who helped the Red Devils win the first Premier League title in 1992-93. Fans have been shocked by McClair’s appearance in a snap taken to commemorate the famous United team 30 years on. It was the first time United had won the top-flight of English football since 1967. The players set the ball rolling for a remarkable period of dominance under Sir Alex Ferguson. United had just been pipped to the old First Division title by rivals Leeds the previous year. But the inaugural Premier League season was to be the year they would end their lengthy league title drought. In a picture shared by Red Devils icon Lee Sharpe, supporters have been surprised by how some of the stars look three decades later. Former striker-turned-midfielder McClair looks almost unrecognisable. JUST IN: Man Utd have made excellent U-turn on ‘Ronaldo rule’ at Old Trafford Sat in the front row sporting flowing grey hair and a straggly beard, the 59-year-old poses alongside some of his former team-mates. He is sat next to former striker Mark Hughes with the Premier League trophy perched in front. Sharpe tweeted the photo on Saturday alongside the caption: “Today’s reunion, celebrating 30 years since we won the first Premier League. Not that I feel old!” The Twitter account for McClair’s podcast, Life With Brian, replied: “You still look young enough for Choccy to be your dad!” McClair, nicknamed Choccy by team-mates during his playing career, hit headlines several weeks ago when he was pictured in a pub with a fan. Fellow supporters could not believe his new looks. DON'T MISS...Man Utd fans demand Tielemans signing after Eriksen injury blowGarnacho is Man Utd's fearless shining light as prior incidents showMan Utd transfer news LIVE - Kane price laid out, Caicedo trump card The former Scotland international most often sported a short brown haircut during his time at Old Trafford. Until recently, while greying, his hair had remained the same length, and he was mostly seen without facial hair. McClair enjoyed a glittering 11-year career with United, winning four league titles. He had started his spell as a striker, joining from Celtic after beginning his career with Scottish rivals Motherwell. But Ferguson moved McClair to a central midfield role to accommodate the arrival of Eric Cantona from Leeds in November 1992. It was from midfield that the star helped United to their first top-flight scalp in 26 years. McClair scored 127 goals in 471 appearances for United, eventually leaving for former club Motherwell in 1998. He went on to become academy director of the Premier League giants in 2006, overseeing the development of some of United’s best young players. However, he left that position in 2015.