Misfits Boxing launched last year and looks set to stay after signing a five-year deal with global broadcaster DAZN. The boxing promotion offers fighters from different disciplines and stars from the entertainment world a chance to fight in pay-per-view shows. The company was founded by brothers Kalle and Nisse Sauerland of Wasserman Boxing alongside YouTube star KSI and his manager Mams Taylor. While being chief executive of the company, KSI was also the main event at the first Misfits Boxing event in August last year when he made his professional debut beating both Swarmz and Luis Alcaraz in the same night. DAZN broadcasted the first MF & DAZN: X Series event which was followed by two further fight nights in October and November. KSI will be back in the ring on Saturday at their fourth show when he faces American YouTuber FaZe Temperrr, who was a late replacement after MMA fighter Dillon Danis pulled out of his maiden boxing fight. Temperrr was originally scheduled to face a 'mystery opponent' before Danis withdrew last week opening the door for his follow American to have a main event chance. KSI's manager Taylor said that Danis backed out of the contest because 'he's under-prepared, he doesn't have a coach, and he might be struggling with weight'. READ MORE: KSI vs Dillon Danis OFF as MMA star pulls out of fight with YouTuber for three reasons   Another big fight night is also on the cards as KSI's is negotiating a 10-round fight with rival and fellow social media star Jake Paul. The three Misfits Boxing shows so far have been such a success with streaming platform DAZN that the broadcaster has agreed a five-year broadcasting deal. KSI, whose real name is Olajide Olatunji, says that the long-term agreement with DAZN shows that Misfits Boxing is "here to stay". He added: “This is a massive agreement between everyone involved with Misfits Boxing. DON'T MISS: Oleksandr Usyk starts mind games with Tyson Fury as eyebrow-raising picture emergesAnthony Joshua may have hoodwinked everyone with Malik Scott 'optimistic' fight gets doneJake Paul picks Tommy Fury replacement opponent before MMA debut  "And I personally couldn't be more excited for what this means for everyone moving forwards. It just shows everyone is here to establish a long-serving crossover boxing promotion that aims to provide ultimate entertainment and somewhere the fans and fighters can call home. "There's no better way to celebrate this deal than with me fighting on January 14 and setting up a huge 2023. Misfits Boxing has arrived and is here to stay." The YouTuber announced the broadcast deal in a tweet and added: "It’s always been about the long term goal and I’m so glad it’s finally coming into fruition. This is the start of many great things for @MisfitsBoxing" 