Meghan Markle could leverage the "war" she is waging, alongside Prince Harry, against the Royal Family as a means to gain the Democrats' sympathy and prepare her run for a spot in the US party, a royal expert claimed. The California-based couple has taken several swipes at the Firm since they left the Royal Family with multi-million projects, accusing them of planting stories against Meghan to divert attention from their own scandals. Richard Fitzwilliams suggested Meghan could use Harry's imminent book and its damaging allegations to upstage royals and make a name for herself among Democratic circles. Asked whether the Sussexes could bring down the Royal Family, Mr Fitzwilliams said: "Absolutely not. But their feeling - and I would suggest that they are the ones who feel entitled - is that the Royal Family has to be accountable for its errors in the way it handled its relationship with them when they were senior working royals. "They therefore must in a sense apologise. "It had me wondering quite frankly - we don't know where they're going in future years - but this could be used as some sort of springboard for Meghan in a possible run for the Democratic party politician, or they could be celebrity philanthropists."  "This unquestionably shows that they're at war with the monarchy," Mr Fitzwilliams told GB News. Meghan's actions in recent months have fuelled reports that she could throw her hat in the ring and launch her bid to become a member of the Democratic Party. In the run-up to the heated US mid-term elections last November, she posted a photo of herself wearing an "I voted" sticker, while sharing a checklist to help her fellow citizens exercise their democratic right. The Duchess was then accused of "playing a slightly dangerous game" by campaigning against voter suppression - an electoral strategy that Republicans have sought to put in place. Daily Express' Royal Correspondent Richard Palmer told the Royal Round-Up: "There was huge consternation at Buckingham Palace because although Meghan has never said which way to vote, she was taking part in a campaign to get people to register to vote and against voter suppression. "And rightly or wrongly, that was seen as essentially being a Democrat-leaning campaign." READ MORE: Prince Andrew's 'grateful' as Harry's taking the 'heat off him' Right before Christmas, Meghan and Harry organised gifts for more than 30 reunified refugee families in a bid to "raise awareness" of the plight of separated families at the US-Mexico border under Donald Trump's controversial immigration policy. Democratic President Joe Biden has been trying to lift Title 42 - a pandemic-era restriction that blocked migrants from seeking asylum in the US and forced asylum seekers to wait at the border. President Biden repeatedly faced opposition from Republican-leaning judges from the Supreme Court who refused to lift the immigration rule. In May 2022, Joe Biden's sister, Valerie Biden Owens, extended an invitation to Meghan to join the Democratic Party, saying she would be "welcome to come in". When asked if she thought the Duchess would make a good potential candidate for President one day, Ms Owens told Good Morning Britain: "Yes, perhaps. Of course, she will." DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan dubbed ‘the ginger and the whinger’ by TV pundit [REPORT] Harry showed signs of 'sad resignation' in US interview [REPORT] Royal Family rallies behind Kate on her birthday after Harry's swipe [REPORT] The Duchess came first in a list of potential runners with 27 percent from the 525 Democrats, according to an exclusive poll for Express.co.uk by the Washington-based Democracy Institute in November. She defeated Democratic heavyweights like Vice President Kamala Harris who came second with 25 percent and Hillary Clinton - who lost to Donald Trump in 2016 - and left-wing Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez who were in joint third with 20 percent. According to the 'To Di For' podcast host Kinsey Schofield, Meghan "absolutely has political aspirations". Ms Schofield continued: "She’s being mentored by several women high up in the Democratic Party. She’s close to Hillary Clinton, Kamala Harris, Stacey Abrams – to name a few. "Ultimately I do think that she wants to be involved in politics." READ NEXT:Prince Harry breaks silence on Susan Hussey after Palace racism rowDan Wooton defends press after Prince Harry's ITV interviewHarry thanks Jeremy Clarkson for ‘proving our point’Harry hits back at Tom Bradby in tense exchangePrince Harry says people are 'infuriated' he is 'at peace'