If you use Sky, Virgin or Freeview to get your fix of nightly entertainment then there's good news as a new channel is launching today on all of these popular platforms. The update comes courtesy of GREAT! with the firm switching on a refreshed service called GREAT! romance. As the name suggests, this boost will bring plenty of love to the TV in your living room with the channel featuring endless romantic movies and binge-worthy shows. Highlights include “Sister, Sister”, All Yours, Cass and Love at First Glance starring Adrian Grenier and Amy Smart. The best is, it's totally free to watch and doesn't require a subscription fee to tune in. Anyone who fancies watching GREAT! Romance will find it on Freeview channel 52, Freesat channel 303, Sky channel 319 and Virgin channel 424. This service now replaces GREAT! movies Christmas which stopped broadcasting festive flicks on January 4. It now joins eight other channels that recently launched on Freeview with some going live this week including That’s 60s (Ch 75), That’s 70s (Ch 76), That’s 90s (Ch 80), That’s 60s MCR (Ch 87) and TV Warehouse+1 (Ch 91). These services join Revelation TV (Ch 281), God TV (Ch 282) and 3ABN (Ch 283) which launched last month.  News of this content boost comes after Freeview recently announced it added a whopping 20,000 extras hours of shows and boxsets to its Play platform last year. This online service, which launched in 2015, allows users to catch up on shows and movies whenever they like via on demand. “From 40,0000 hours of content in April 2022 to 60,000 hours today, Freeview Play’s offering just keeps getting stronger and stronger," said Owen Jenkinson, Marketing Director at Freeview Play. "With more live channels, brand-new on-demand player PBS America, and the launch of ITVX, it’s been a great year for Freeview Play and we are so happy to be able to offer viewers so much fantastic content, completely free of charge". Along with Freeview offering a big boost, Sky is also fighting back by offering its lowest-ever price on its new Stream box. This palm-sized gadget arrives in the post and simply connects to your broadband to beam premium TV to the big screen. That simple set-up means there's no annoying installation or the need for a dish to be drilled to the walls. Along with offering terrestrial and full Sky channels, there's also easy access to apps such as Disney+, Apple TV+, Prime Video and Netflix. Right now you can grab this device for just £24 per month which even includes Netflix. Those wanting more to watch can add Sky Cinema and pay £34 per month or get Sky Sports for £44 per month. Full details about these deals can be found here.