Cristiano Ronaldo's hopes of making his debut for new club Al-Nassr have been pushed back after the Saudi Arabian outfit's match against Al Ta'ee was called off. The Portuguese superstar was in line to make his first appearance after sealing his lucrative move to the Arabian Gulf last week, but he will be forced to wait after the game was postponed just hours before kick-off. Heavy rainfall in the Saudi capital of Riyadh, where Al-Nassr are based, caused electrical problems at the club's Victory Arena stadium and the game was later postponed. According to Mail Online, hundreds of staff - including security, chefs and stadium staff - were kept outside of the venue with the gates locked. Officials said that the stadium was empty with the game due to kick off in two hours, but there was confusion as to whether the game would go ahead before Al-Nassr released a statement via social media. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo makes heartwarming gesture during Al Nassr unveiling "Due to heavy rain and weather conditions impacting the stadium’s electricity, we have been officially informed that tonight’s match against Al Ta'i is postponed for 24 hours," the club tweeted via their English language account. "We apologise for any inconvenience caused to fans and wish everyone safe travels." Ronaldo will not have to wait long for his debut as the game has scheduled to take place on Friday, only 24 hours after it was originally due to take place. The former Real Madrid star was presented in front of thousands of fans at the club's stadium and paraded in front of the global media as the new unofficial ambassador for Saudi Arabian football. DON'T MISSRonaldo unveiled by Al Nassr and declared as 'the greatest'Ronaldo axes long-term agent Jorge Mendes with new man hiredRonaldo was left disappointed by Madrid call that never came The former Manchester United star has signed a two-year deal worth an eye-watering £170million-a-year, making him the highest-paid footballer in history, as Saudi chiefs hope the Portuguese star's global appeal will put their club on the map. However, his entrance into Saudi football could be delayed even further after it emerged Ronaldo could be banned from making his debut with the club due to a suspension hanging over from his at Old Trafford. Ronaldo was hit with a £50,000 fine and a two-game suspension by the FA last year after slapping the phone from the hand of a 14-year-old boy during United's match against Everton. And it is understood that the ban would have remained in place despite his exit from the Premier League after tearing up his contract in November. Al-Nassr executives were hoping that Ronaldo's international clearance certificate may help them to circumnavigate his ban - which is being backed by FIFA - but they could face a fine if head coach Rudi Garcia names him in the squad. And it remains to be seen whether Ronaldo will be in the squad on Friday as Al-Nassr prepare for the match. In his press conference, Ronaldo vowed to break records in Asia after topping golascoring charts in Europe. “I can say now I had many opportunities in Europe, many clubs in Brazil, Australia, USA, even in Portugal many tried to sign me," he told reporters. “But I gave my word to this club not only to develop the club, but the country. I know what I want, but I also know what I don’t want. I'm a unique player, I beat all the records there [Europe], so I want to beat a few here.