On Tuesday morning, Good Morning Britain hosts Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley welcomed Prince Harry’s former flame onto the show. Although ITV viewers slammed the interview with many accusing the programme of scraping the barrel. With Harry’s anticipated memoir Spare hitting the shelves this week, a past love of the Prince appeared as a guest on Good Morning Britain to speak about her encounters with him Catherine Ommanney, who is best known for starring in the reality tv show Real Housewives of D.C, had a string of dates with the 38-year-old back in 2006. At the time, The Duke of Sussex was in his early 20s while Catherine was 13 years his senior. Although many people watching the interview were left unimpressed with his past flame as viewers quickly took to Twitter to slam the interview. READ MORE:GB News sparks uproar as Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'ill' Rimmer_mark said: “@GMB so you get an old flame of Harry’s on who he was seeing for a few weeks, and are pushing the narrative he never talked to her about his dead mother, his dad and new mother-in-law?? The lad was in his early 20s and was looking for a bit of fun at the time. Dreadful interview” Hugorelly commented: “Talk about scraping the barrel. Today GMB dug up an 'old flame' Harry dated over 15 years ago! How low can they go..?” Demelo64 slammed: “This has to be the most pathetic interview on ⁦@GMB⁩ to date.” Vetwah added: “Scraping the barrel now having an old flame on from 2006 talking about Harry. This isn't newsworthy. Bring us interesting stories. Preferably something, not Prince Harry related.”  Unicornthejayne said: “With this interview, GMB reached a new low I didn't think was possible.” With Twitter user 47simonuk adding: “3 weeks in 2006? That’s fine as she clearly knows so much (not). Who is GMB dragging in next??.” During the interview, Catherine spoke to the two Good Morning Britain hosts about how they first met. Revealing that they met at a restaurant dinner party, they bonded over their mutual friends in Australia and had good humour with one another.  DON'T MISS... Naga Munchetty details most ‘uncomfortable’ part of BBC Breakfast [INSIGHT] Prince Harry called ‘naive’ for Palace briefing claims by royal expert [ROYAL] Prince Harry had 'glimmers of old self' in interview says royal expert [VIDEO] Curious to find out more, Susanna asked: “Do you think he needed someone to sort of ground him? Someone who wasn’t carried away with his fame?” Catherine replied: “Well I listened to him a lot, so maybe the others (his young friends) didn’t? But I did listen to him a lot and I think that’s what he needed.” The ITV host questioned whether or not she believes The Duke has now found that in his wife Meghan Markle. Although she stated she wouldn’t slander his wife, she told Susanna she’s not sure what he’s found in Meghan.  She added: “I’m really sad for him and sad for the whole Royal Family because I don’t think he’s going to recover from this very quickly.” Harry’s biography was released on Tuesday morning with the Prince doing a series of interviews prior to unpicking certain sections from the book. In an interview with ITV’s Tom Bradby, the 38-year-old candidly opened up on his fractured relationship with his father and brother, how he coped with the death of his mother and shared his thoughts on the British Press and their relationship with the royals. Good Morning Britain continues weekdays on ITV from 6am 