The murderer, Lawangeen Abdulrahimzai, a 21-year-old asylum seeker from Afghanistan, now faces life in prison. Some, seeking to downplay Abdulrahimzai's status, might cruelly put the murder down to misadventure. That would be false.  Before arriving in the UK this arrogant criminal had built up a litany of crimes. In Serbia, he shot two people dead with an assault rifle over a trafficking row, and in Italy he was convicted of drug dealing. When he arrived in the UK in 2019 he pretended to be 14 when he was 18. Before his arrest, police had no idea of his previous convictions or violent predilections. The primary duty of the state is to keep its citizens safe. By not checking his record, the UK failed to do this. There should be no excuses for this crime, or for allowing Abdulrahimzai into the UK. While he will now be jailed at the UK's considerable expense, the case should prompt an overhaul of the asylum system, so that no more criminals of his ilk can gain access to our shores. Mr Roberts' grieving family deserve no less.  Sooner or later the issues facing Nadhim Zahawi had to be investigated. The embattled Tory party chairman, under pressure for settling a multimillion-pound tax bill that was previously unpaid, is now to be investigated by Sir Laurie Magnus, Rishi Sunak's new ethics adviser. This is an important move, mostly because when he took office, Mr Sunak said he would lead with "integrity" and "accountability". Although Mr Sunak was not leader at the time of the allegations and thought Mr Zahawi had a clean sheet, this inquiry is vital to restore confidence. The PM was right to say that "clearly in this case there are questions that need answering".The perils of not facing down such a matter are huge.The public, in a bitter cost-of-living crisis, are in no mood for stories of finagling at high level. Mr Sunak: get the truth out in the open for the good of the country.  Led Zeppelin guitarist Jimmy Page, 79, is a high-net-worth individual with rarefied tastes. So fellow diners were left dazed and confused when he walked into the Square Deal café near Twyford, Berkshire. The veteran rocker plumped for a classic fry-up at £7.50 consisting of sausages, eggs, bacon and fried bread with tomato and coffee. That's a whole lotta breakfast. 