Some of the questionable energy-saving tips you've run across may have had some validity a long time ago, but with the technological advancements of past years, a lot of the information circulating out there just isn’t accurate anymore. It’s time to retire those tired old suggestions for reducing energy costs and instead adopt some practical, real-life measures that genuinely work. To help, Jonathan Rolande, from House Buy Fast, has shared eight “myths” he’s most “concerned” about, and the ones he warns homeowners to be wary of introducing. He said: “At the moment it can be tempting to follow every single piece of advice out there in relation to energy and money saving. But, like anything, not all advice is good advice and I’ve become concerned in recent weeks about certain measures which are being promoted. “Obvious steps like taking shorter showers, wearing an extra layer of clothing and turning down the heating a degree will save you money. But there are other measures being suggested which aren’t right for many householders.” Here are the energy saving myths to avoid that can "cost you a fortune in the long run". 1. Keeping all windows closed is best While closing windows may stop a short term draughts, in the long term, it can cause condensation which is “expensive” to fix, warned the property pro. He stressed the importance of allowing a bit of ventilation as much as possible. Jonathan explained: “Having the heating on all day can make the inside of a home feel stuffy and can actually affect your health, leaving skin and sinuses uncomfortable and dry. It can even result in headaches and nosebleeds. READ MORE: I used baking soda to remove a yellow stain from a white top - photos “Many people resist opening a window for fear of losing heat from the house. Keeping them shut at all times reduces ventilation which can cause damp, mould and rot.” Instead he advised opening a window for five to 10 minutes a few times a day during the colder months, especially when cooking or after a shower and if you have them, keep trickle vents open. The expert dubbed this as a “myth” which has sprung from the misconception that radiators emit most of their heat through radiation – the theory is that dark colours radiate heat more efficiently. However, Jonathan noted that this is not true as he explained that as radiators work mostly through convection (the transferral of warm energy to cooler places), “the idea that painting them black would increase their output is nonsense”. DON'T MISSFebruary gardening jobs that ‘must’ be completed - what to prune [INSIGHT]3p ‘miracle’ item to ‘dissolve’ tea cup stains without using bleach [TIPS]Keep squirrels out of your garden using ‘effective’ 70p kitchen item [COMMENT] 3. It is always cheaper to run most appliances at night rather than during the day The property pro argued that while it is cheaper to run his appliances at night, this is not true for all households. He explained: “While some households in the UK are on tariffs that vary depending on the time of day, the majority of customers pay the same rate at all times of day and night. “However, if you know you are already on an Economy tariff, or are considering switching to one, then running appliances during off-peak periods will be cheaper.” 4. Packing your loft up with junk will insulate your home Boxes, packing cases and unused furniture in lofts are “not helping to insulate your home”, argued Jonathan. Plus, if households are squashing insulation down, they're probably doing the opposite as standard loft insulation works best if it is able to trap lots of air. READ MORE: ‘Worst culprit’ for heat loss in your home - use ‘effective solution’ The expert advised: "If you want to store things in the loft, set aside an area next to the hatch, add insulation only to the level of the joists (or raise flooring to boost depth) and then put insulated loft board across the joists to place your items on. The rest of your loft should be insulated to a depth of 270mm (10.5 inches).” 5. Avoid using the dishwasher Dishwashers often get a bad reputation for being lumped in with “energy-sucking appliances” such as tumble dryers. the expert said: “Whilst tumble dryers remain a serious energy offender (drying your clothes on a rack in front of a radiator instead could save you up to £130 per year), dishwashers are not as bad for the environment.” Actually in some cases, when used properly, they can “use less energy than hand-washing dishes”, says Jonathan. He added: “Make sure your dishwasher is always fully-loaded and stacked properly, so that every dish and pan surface is accessible to the water jets, but be careful not to overload it. If you have a cheaper night tariff, set it to come on then. 6. Double glazing is the best way to save money The expert said that this is a “classic myth” as people often think that windows are a major problem because they can be draughty and cold draughts are very noticeable. While “it’s true” that double glazing is much better at keeping heat in than single glazing, out of the heat lost from homes, the expert said: “You actually lose about 35 percent through the walls, about 25 percent through the roof, and only about 10percent through the windows. We’re not saying that double glazing is a waste of money, but it’s often better to make sure you've insulated the loft and walls first.” 7. Log burners will help me save money Promoted by many as a long-term way to cut energy costs, in reality they create “huge amounts of dust and particulate pollution”, warned the expert. It is not just the need for annual safety checks that will be expensive, right now wood is “increasingly expensive”, noted Jonathan. He added: “They also only heat one room and provide just moderate secondary heat to nearby areas. Remember too you need a Carbon Monoxide (CO) detector if using it. Log burners are also an increased fire risk and can rarely be used in rentals without permission.” 8. Blocking air bricks will keep out draughts and save me money on heating Jonathan urged that they are there for a reason (ventilation in the cavity and sub-floor) and should “never be blocked”. He said: “If you are advised to do so, ignore.”