The sweet deer character performed Tale as Old as Time from the Disney musical Beauty and the Beast, when they last appeared on The Masked Singer. Fans took to social media to claim they have worked out who Fawn is solely by the clues she had given on the show and many believe she is Heidi Range from the Sugababes.  In her first appearance, Fawn teased: “Like a fawn, I admit that when I was young I was a bit awkward.”  They added: “Call me a boffin, but maths was a passion... that my brain later helped me to win later in life.  “Now I’m grown up, I’m not awkward at all.”  Taking to Reddit, user antipinballmachines theorised: “Fawn… is Heidi Range. READ MORE:  BBC host issues apology to Naga Munchetty over awkward joke "I was almost convinced it was Faye Tozer, but since Claire is obviously Knitting, there's no way they'd have two people from the same group on at once. So now I'm pushing towards Heidi. It definitely sounds like her. Also referencing sugar (as in Sugababes) and saying she's not the baby when she's the oldest Sugababe out of all six members past and present?" (sic) Fans flocked to comment on the poster's theory with some agreeing Fawn is actually the Hole in the Head hitmaker. They also thought that Knitting was another member of the hit pop group Steps.  They replied: “I actually think Knitting might be Faye, and Fawn is Heidi, at the moment.” The revelation comes as Fawn has continued to drop hints she is the blonde Sugababe. She first got tongues wagging with the first set of clues which fans thought referenced the name of the group. However, some viewers have gone on to theorise that Fawn is none other than reality star and Loose Women panelist Stacey Solomon. DON'T MISS Love Island's Maya Jama split from Ben Simmons after 'difficult time'ITV confirm Love Island spin-off for 'middle aged' hopefuls GMB backlash as viewers slam Love Island coverage Viewers are convinced Stacey dropped a huge clue when Fawn referenced living in a cottage. Eagle-eyed viewers noticed Fawn said: “I live in a cottage and not in a palace, I’ve visited Wonderland and my name is not Alice.” Fans are convinced it referred to her Pickle Cottage home, the Essex Mansion where she lives with husband Joe Swash and their children. So far, guesses about Fawn’s identity included Spice Girl Mel C, All Saints singer Natalie Appleton, and former Eastenders actress Samantha Womack. The celebrity panel is made up of presenters Jonathan Ross, Davina McCall, Singer Rita Ora, and comedian Mo Gilligan. So far they have unmasked Ghost as Chris Kamara, Piece of Cake as legendary Scottish singer Lulu, and Cat and Mouse as Martin and Shirley Kemp. Fawn will be doing all they can to remain in the competition this weekend or risk having their identity revealed. The Masked Singer continues Saturday at 7 pm on ITV.