Cristiano Ronaldo's first match in Saudi Arabia didn't get off to the ideal start as long-term rival Lionel Messi scored inside three minutes. Paris Saint-Germain travelled to the Middle East to face Riyadh XI on Thursday in an exhibition match featuring two of the greatest footballers in history. Ronaldo has been unable to make his debut for new club Al-Nassr as yet, following a two-match ban he received while still with Manchester United. Huge crowds still flocked to see him in action for a Saudi All-Star XI on Thursday, however, with Messi's PSG the opposition. A number of Ronaldo's team-mates from Al-Nassr were joined by the hottest talent from Al-Hilal, with the Portuguese confirmed as captain against his Argentine rival. It was Messi who landed the first blow as Neymar found him with a deft ball over the top, before the reigning World Cup winner finished neatly under the goalkeeper. Ronaldo was all smiles before kick-off as he briefly caught up with former Real Madrid team-mate and current PSG star Sergio Ramos, but the smile was promptly wiped off his face at the sight of seeing Messi on the scoresheet as he trudged back to the halfway line while rallying those around him. JUST IN: Man Utd dealt major Arsenal blow in last-gasp Crystal Palace draw In what turned out to be a tumultuous first half, Ronaldo would eventually strike back to mark his arrival in Saudi football. The former Man Utd man took a heavy fall after colliding with goalkeeper Keylor Navas but netted from the resulting penalty, hitting his trademark celebration. Within the final 10 minutes of the first period, PSG's Juan Bernat was shown a straight red card for a last-man tackle and Marquinhos restored the visitors' lead. Ronaldo would soon be on hand to equalise again, however, gobbling up his own rebound to lash home after a header cannoned off the post. DON'T MISS...Arsenal alerted to 'next Gilberto Silva' as Arteta seeks out revengeMan Utd player ratings - Wan-Bissaka stands out despite Palace drawJohn Yems told Muslim players 'your people blow up stuff with vests'  Ronaldo has a point to prove at Al-Nassr after many believed Messi to have closed the GOAT debate following his World Cup triumph with Argentina in Qatar. The duo have long been considered two of the greatest footballers of all time but Messi could pull three clear in terms of Ballon d'Ors if he clinches another title this year. A fiery interview with Piers Morgan saw Ronaldo's Man Utd contract terminated on the eve of the World Cup and he claimed to have received offers from a number of leagues including Australia, the USA and Portugal. Instead, he signed a reported £173million-per-year deal with Al-Nassr that makes him the highest-paid player in history.  "I feel so proud to make this big decision in my life," Ronaldo explained earlier this month. "In Europe, my work is done. I won everything and now this is a new challenge. I'm grateful Al-Nassr have given me this opportunity, not only for the football but for the young generation and the female generation. "For me, this is a challenge but I feel very happy and very proud. I had many opportunities in Europe, in Brazil, in Australia, in the US and even in Portugal many clubs tried to sign me, but I gave my word to this club. This is a good chance to grow many important points here with my knowledge and my experience."