The programme "Secrets of the Royal Palaces" is airing tonight at 7:30pm, which is focusing on the Palaces of Westminster, a place where Queen Elizabeth would go for the State Opening of Parliament, a position now held by King Charles. What are the Palaces like inside? The description for the programme states as follows: "Behind-the-scenes tales from the Palaces of Westminster, with the State Opening of Parliament the event where royalty and democracy come together. "The Prince's Chamber was specially built for Queen Elizabeth II to rest before entering the Lords and taking her seat on the palace's royal throne, while a secret tunnel hidden behind the ancient walls is explored. "Other stories featured include a hologram portrait of Elizabeth II and how Charles II dabbled in cannibalism." The current Palace of Westminster was designed by the architect Sir Charles Barry. READ MORE: Fergie weight loss: How Duchess of York 'lost close to 50 pounds'   The early history of the Palace of Westminster from the 11th century to the fire of 1834. King Charles III attended the Palace of Westminster on December 14, 2022, for a visit of thanksgiving and remembrance in honour of his late mother, Queen Elizabeth II. The King unveiled a gift from parliamentarians to the late Queen, which marked the occasion of her Platinum Jubilee, a pair of unique bronze sculptures featuring the heraldic beasts of the United Kingdom.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle is not 'deliberately copying' Princess Diana - claim The King also unveiled a plaque on the floor of Westminster Hall, which marked the site of the Lying-in-State of the late Queen. The installation of the plaque continues a royal tradition that stretches back to King Edward VII in 1910, with this unveiling the first time that a reigning monarch has unveiled the tribute. During the visit, the King met with the Speakers of both Houses, as well as the Prime Minister and Leader of the Opposition. The King also spoke to Parliamentary staff who had helped to deliver the historic Lying-in-State ceremony, where over 200,000 members of the public paid their respects to the late Queen earlier this year.   Big Ben is located just beside the Palace. The name Big Ben is often used to describe the tower, the clock and the bell but the name was first given to the Great Bell which was first struck on September 7, 1859. In addition, Westminster Hall is the oldest building on the Parliamentary estate. It has played a central role in 900 years of British history, with the major institutions of the British state having grown up directly around it. Also, St Stephen's Chapel is the forgotten heart of the Palace of Westminster. For seven centuries St Stephen's was at the centre of the political and religious life of the nation, and its influence is still detected today.  The programme "Secrets of the Royal Palaces" will air on Channel 5 tonight at 7:30pm. 