As a rich and famous rock star, Elvis Presley could do exactly what he wanted, no matter how strange some of his habits became, including those around his food. The King was famous for his peanut butter and banana sandwiches, but his tastes all stemmed from his mother Gladys’ Southern home cooking. Express.co.uk previously took part in a virtual tour of Graceland, where archivist Angie Marchese shared the star’s favourite foods. The Elvis expert spoke from Graceland's kitchen, which was the heart of the house and where there was always food on the counter to snack on, from fried okra to M&Ms. Angie said: “Elvis grew up on good ol’ Southern food. He loved meatloaf, mashed potato, fried chicken…mac & cheese. Anything that he grew up on was some of his favourites.” According to The King’s cousin Danny Smith on his Memphis Mafia Kid YouTube channel, the star would order “gobs and gobs” of burgers with Krystal being one of his favourites. The fast-food chain was founded in 1932 and has locations to this day in the Southeastern United States. The restaurant is well known for its square hamburgers called sliders with steamed-in onions. However, there was one type of food that The King couldn't stand and had banned from Graceland, where he lived with his extended family. Angie revealed: “Anything but fish. He didn’t like the smell of fish being cooked in the house. There was never any fish in the house.” She also said how Elvis’ ex-wife Priscilla Presley shared that The King enjoyed meatloaf and mashed potatoes so much that he ate it every day for dinner for six months. The Graceland archivist said: “He definitely was a creature of habit, so if it was made in the South…he liked it.” The King really would obsessively eat one kind of food over and over until he became bored of it. READ MORE: Elvis Presley kept donkeys in Graceland's swimming pool Elvis’ favourite snack was, of course, the famous peanut butter and banana sandwich with bacon. He once showed a Graceland maid how to cook it in bacon grease, just how he liked it. The King also loved to munch on bacon and mustard sandwiches, fried peanut butter, hamburger steak and crowder peas. As for his favourite dessert, Angie revealed it to be Mom’s Chocolate Cake.