Tom Hanks currently promoting his new movie, A Man Called Otto, which has just hit cinemas - but he took a break from talking about that to look back on a film he fondly remembered. Hanks has been a prolific actor in Hollywood for decades, so it makes sense that some of his pictures would get lost in the mix. As a result, he wanted to emphasise one of his 2002 movies: Road to Perdition. Hanks spoke about his career on the ReelBlend Podcast, saying: "For one reason or another, no one references Road to Perdition. And that was an incredibly important movie for me to go through." The film follows Hanks, a mob boss enforcer during The Great Depression, setting out on a journey of revenge alongside his son. Hanks said: "It's all about logic for me, and the logic of [my character] Michael Sullivan, I think, is impeccable. The logic of everything he does and how he says it and how he experiences things and sees them for the first time, that's high country as far as I'm concerned." The film was relatively successful, financially, making $183 million on an $80 budget. It also earned an Oscar for Best Cinematography, as well as five other Academy Awards nominations. Despite this, Hanks was adamant that the film was better than it has recognition for. Hanks said: "It doesn't matter if it's been viewed upon as being a quote-on-quote 'success,' it's in the zeitgeist and that's the only thing that matters." The Toy Story star noted he "watches classic movies a lot" and added that he hopes Road to Perdition will be included in the list of his greatest films in retrospectives of his career. "If somebody else chooses the movies, it would just be the hits, you know?" he said. "The ones that play every Christmas. There's a number of things that I would say that I got to go back to, and delve deep in the realm of what I thought was presence and authenticity that was very, very particular to those specific characters in those specific movies." With that, he followed up by pleading with his fans to watch his little-known revenge movie set in the 1930s. DON'T MISS...Tom Hanks still haunted by the film that left him 'beaten to a pulp' [INFO]Elvis star Tom Hanks and wife 'broken' after Lisa Marie Presley dies [INSIGHT]Prince Harry mocks royal tradition in skit with Tom Hanks  [NEWS] Hanks said: "I would say Road to Perdition would be one of those where I would just have to say: 'Please look at the quiet here.'" He also joked about his look in the movie, saying: "You have me - 'Don Moustache' with a hat on - in it." The 66-year-old also pointed out the film includes some major stars. He continued: "You also have two guys who turned out to be two of the biggest motion picture presences in the history of the industry with Jude Law and [Daniel] Craig. And [my character] killed both of [their characters]!" Craig, who is best known for playing James Bond, breaks from his mould in Road to Perdition. Instead of the suave spy, he plays an almost cowardly villain. Meanwhile, Jude Law takes on the role of a nefarious evildoer. Hanks also recently spoke out about the hardships he endured during the filming He recalled: "It was 33 years ago, and yet I still have tactile memories of how hard that shot was to get." The actor said he was "beaten to a pulp" during the movie's filming, as well, because of the large dog he worked with. SOURCE