Prince Harry has given a blunt response having been asked if he can ever see himself returning to the Royal Family. The Duke of Sussex has spoken to both CBS and ITV ahead of the publication of his new book called 'Spare' on January 10, and has taken the opportunity to shed further light on his feud with the Royal Family. During his chat with CBS's Anderson Cooper, Harry was asked: "Can you see a day when you would return as a full-time member of the Royal Family?" Harry appeared to close the door on any last hope of a royal comeback, replying: "No." In the trailer for Harry's 60 Minutes interview with CBS, he repeats claims that the Royal Family failed to protect him and Meghan when it came to dealing with the media, saying "there becomes a point where silence is betrayal". Mr Cooper asks Harry: "One of the criticisms that you have received is that OK fine, you want to move to California and you want to step back from the institutional role, why be so public? You say you tried to do this privately?" Harry then says: "And every single time I've tried to do it privately, there has been briefings and leakings and planting of stories against me and my wife. "You know the family motto is never complain, never explain but it's just a motto and it doesn't really hold." Mr Cooper then asks: "So there is a lot of complaining and explaining?" Harry responds: "Endless - through leaks. They will feed a conversation to the correspondent and that correspondent will literally be spoonfed and they'll write the story and at the bottom of it, they will say they reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment. READ MORE: POLL – Is it time for Royal Family to speak out on Prince Harry? "But the whole story is Buckingham Palace commenting. So when we are being told for the last six years, we can't put a statement out to protect you, but you do it for other members of the family, there becomes a point where silence is betrayal." Meanwhile, in the interview with ITV's Tom Bradby, Harry speaks about his deteriorating relationship with his brother Prince William and father King Charles. He said: "I would like to get my father back, I would like to have my brother back." While Harry wants to make up with his brother and father, one royal source believes the new book could only widen the divide between the Sussexes and the royals. DON'T MISSRoyal expert picks huge hole in Prince Harry's leak claims [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'bitterly jealous' of William and Kate - commentator [ANALYSIS]Unseen picture of Lilibet's cute first birthday cake shared by baker [INSIGHT] A source told the Sunday Times last month that Harry is "tough" on William and also critical of the Princess of Wales, Kate. They add that the royal brothers won't be able to "reconcile" once the royals have read the contents of 'Spare'. The source said: "Generally, I think the book [will be] worse for them than the royal family is expecting. Everything is laid bare. Charles comes out of it better than I had expected, but it’s tough on William, in particular, and even Kate gets a bit of a broadside. "There are these minute details and a description of the fight between the brothers. I personally can’t see how Harry and William will be able to reconcile after this."