Ukraine's army is on the brink of a major military breakthrough that could lead to the collapse of the entire Russian front in Luhansk region. Luhansk makes up one part of the highly prized Donbas - the other being Donetsk region. The Donbas was one of four territories that Russia formally and illegally annexed back in September. But although the Russian army secured control over the entire of Luhansk last summer, they have been unable to drive the Ukrainians out of Donetsk. The past few weeks have seen intense fighting for Soledar in Donetsk region, as Putin's army continues its fierce assault on the eastern front. The Kremlin hopes that the capture of Soledar will allow its forces to encircle Ukrainian units in Bakhmut and deliver a devastating defeat on Kyiv. The situation remains fluid in Soledar with Ukrainian forces continuing to offer pockets of resistance, according to reports. Despite Russia's Ministry of Defence claiming victory in Soledar on Friday, a new video believed to have been shot today shows a Ukrainian flag still flying in the western part of the city. While Putin's army has focused its attentions on Soledar and Bakhmut, Ukraine's generals have been targeting the city of Kreminna in Luhansk region and could be about to deliver a crushing blow to Putin's hopes of controlling the Donbas. If the Kremlin loses control of Kreminna, then the Ukrainian army will be able to open a direct road to Luhansk city and the entire Russian front in the region could collapse. Moreover, a Russian defeat in Kreminna would allow Kyiv's forces to outflank and encircle Putin's troops trying to take Soledar and Bakhmut - in effect delivering a double whammy to the Kremlin. Oleg Zhdanov, a Ukrainian military expert, told the website obozrevatel.com that Ukraine's army was having success in storming Kreminna.He said: "We are storming Kreminna, and we are making progress. "The loss of Kreminna is a chance of collapsing the entire [Russian]front of Luhansk Oblast. It is an opportunity for our troops to encircle the grouping near Soledar. READ MORE: Russia launches new horror missile barrage at Ukraine "We can go eastward from Kreminna to Starobelsk. This is a direct road to Luhansk." He added: "Most likely, if we liberate Kreminna, we will head for Severodonetsk and Lysychansk. "Then the Bakhmut direction is also in the semicircle. If we retake Kreminna and advance further on Severodonetsk, there is a threat of encirclement of Russian troops. By the way, the Russian occupation troops have thrown into combat the best they have today - airborne units - in Kremenna area. "They are trying to use the counter-fighting tactics there. So we attack and they attack." Ukraine's advance on Kreminna was confirmed by Serhiy Haidai, Head of the Luhansk Regional Military Administration. DON'T MISS Ukraine wipes out entire Russian military unit in Soledar [NEWS]Putin facing mutiny as Ukraine details reason behind military changes [REVEAL]Gas pipeline explodes near Russian border as villagers flee [SPOTLIGHT] He wrote on his Telegram channel: "The Russians are trying to counterattack in Kreminna direction but have no success. "The Armed Forces of Ukraine are moving forward." He continued: "Stelmakhivka, Makiivka, and Chervonopopivka settlements are under enemy fire. "It is from these directions that Russian troops are trying to counterattack the Armed Forces of Ukraine, but our defence forces repel all offensives and attacks."