A 21-year-old serving member of the British Army has been charged with a terror offence and will appear in court later today, the Metropolitan Police said. Daniel Abed Khalife, of Beaconside, Stafford, was charged on Friday over incidents that took place in August 2021 and January of this year. He is accused of attempting to "elicit information of a kind likely to be useful to a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism" at Beaconside in August. Khalife has also been charged with placing an article "with the intention of inducing in another a belief that the said article was likely to explode or ignite and thereby cause personal injury or damage to property", on or before January 2. The serving British Army officer remains in police custody and is due to appear at Westminster Magistrates’ Court later today. The Metropolitan Police said: "A 21-year-old man has been charged following an investigation by the Met's Counter Terrorism Command. "Daniel Abed Khalife (27.09.2001), of Beaconside, Stafford, and a serving member of the British Army, was charged today, 27 January, with the following offences.  "On 02.08.2021 at Beaconside, Stafford, Staffordshire, elicited or attempted to elicit information of a kind likely to be useful to a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism, contrary to section 58A of the Terrorism Act 2000. "On or before 02.01.2023 at Beaconside, Stafford, Staffordshire, placed an article with the intention of inducing in another a belief that the said article was likely to explode or ignite and thereby cause personal injury or damage to property, contrary to section 51 of the Criminal Law Act 1977. "Khalif remains in police custody and is due to appear at Westminster Magistrates’ Court on 28 January."  We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express 