This is denied by the Ukrainian authorities, who insist fighting is still ongoing. It’s difficult to get any reliable independent corroboration of either. However, if the Russians have indeed captured this now destroyed town of 10,000 or so souls, it has been at great cost to them in men and materiel – as it no doubt has been to the Ukrainian defenders too. And the attackers are already arguing amongst themselves as to who should get the glory, the mainstream Russian military or the infamous Wagner Group of mercenaries. It hardly matters who gets the credit. Russia has badly needed a victory to crow about for many months, following the series of reverses it has suffered since the summer around Kyiv, Kharkiv, the Donbas, and Kherson. Putin will be delighted to have something to smile about at last. But what has actually been achieved here? Soledar has no great strategic significance in itself, not in military terms anyway. It does have some desirable economic assets in its salt and gypsum mines and the Russians will be quick to take advantage of control over them, but that’s about it. So why expend so much blood and treasure over a smallish settlement? The answer lies, it appears, in that the Russians regard its capture as one of the keys to the capture of Bakhmut, over which the battle has raged for some months now. This city, some seven times larger than Soledar, does have strategic significance as it is a centre of communications and a key prize for anyone wanting to control this part of the Donbas. Soledar, only some eight kilometres to the north-east of Bakhmut, offers an avenue of approach in attempts to take or encircle the much bigger town. However, it’s not quite so clear cut as some have presented it. There are strong suggestions that Ukraine might be content to let its enemy grind away at capturing these two urban locations; it has to some extent fixed Russian forces that might otherwise be employed elsewhere, and the fierce fighting has caused their enemy heavy losses. Holding the Russians’ attention by defending here resolutely – and also at considerable cost it must be said – might be allowing Ukraine to husband its reserves for something much more spectacular in due course. As I have said before, both sides must be weary of war and in need of rest and recuperation. Many men (and women) and much materiel has been expended for little gain, and ammunition stocks are low. Time is required to get ready to go again. Ukraine needs its soldiers to be trained to use the western weapons systems that are being sent from NATO allies, and Russia needs to mobilise and train more men and replace equipment lost. Both sides are stymied by the fact that neither has been able to gain air superiority, an almost essential prerequisite for a return to the sort of manoeuvre based warfare that we saw so successfully executed by Ukraine in their earlier campaign to relieve pressure on Kharkiv. At best air parity is what pertains at present, with neither side able to control the skies. This state of affairs leaves the movement of large armoured formations necessary for a decisive breakthrough most vulnerable. My view remains that we might not see anything really significant until the Spring, when the ground firms up after the winter rains and mud. I still think that, on balance, the Ukrainians are likely to be in a position to strike first, and that their direction will be south towards Crimea. This can only be achieved, though, if western support continues, and ideally if Germany relaxes its hold over Leopard 2 tanks and allows the export of the 300 or so that Zelensky pleads for at every occasion. The Russians have a say in all of this too, of course, and it may be that they’ll manage to get their act together sprint out of the traps first. Whoever takes the lead, it is likely that the ferocity of the Spring offensives might well relegate the current battles for Soldar and Bakhmut to the status of relative sideshows. For the meantime, any talk of the tide turning in Russia’s favour after the presumed capture of Soledar is premature. Time will tell.