Cristiano Ronaldo is starting his Saudi Arabia stint in style by booking his family into the lavish Kingdom Tower, one of the country's tallest, most eye-catching buildings. The former Manchester United striker could reportedly rack up a bill worth £250,000 by the time he moves his family into a permanent home in the Middle East. Ronaldo has signed a two-and-a-half-year contract with Al-Nassr after walking away from European football when United terminated his stay in November. The Portuguese icon's financial package is thought to eclipse £400m, and he hasn't shied out on his initial accommodation. The Mail report Ronaldo is staying at the 99-story Kingdom Tower, offering the best views of Riyadh. He is living in the 'Kingdom suite' with partner Georgina Rodriguez and their five children, which the hotel has described: "Entertain guests with unparalleled views of Riyadh. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE "Our newest two-storey suite spans the 48th and 50th floors of the hotel, with a soaring living room, a private office, a dining room and a media room." The hotel's stunning interior is fit for a five-time Ballon d'Or winner earning £172million per year. Ronaldo's suite and the 'Royal Suite' - smaller but still larger than most UK apartments at 2,595ft - aren't listed on the Kingdom Tower's website and have to be booked privately. But the inferior - yet still deluxe - 'Presidential Suite' can offer somewhat of a pointer to how much he's splashing out during his stay, costing guests £3,300 per night. The Kingdom Tower has instructed staff to refrain from asking Ronaldo for selfies while he is living at the impressive property. But he is said to have warmly accepted requests from other guests and staff while entering or leaving. The 37-year-old striker can dine on five-star meals from China, India, Japan and the Middle East, 'with the freshest ingredients to order'. It's claimed that chefs are providing Ronaldo and his family exclusive in-room service due to his A-list status, offering a range of dishes, including lamb, chicken, sea bass and beef cutlets. DON'T MISS: Man Utd introduce 'Ronaldo rule' which could lead to Rashford quitting He has also been offered an exclusive evening meal on the hotel's Sky Bridge, one of Riyadh's most popular tourist destinations that would be entirely taped off for him and his partner. Georgina, who boasts 44 million Instagram followers, is reportedly enjoying her stay just as much, with luxury shops like Louis Vuitton, among others, on her doorstep. But Ronaldo won't be treating it like a holiday and will be focused on maintaining his condition, despite entering his twilight years. There are tennis courts, a spa, massage treatments, a sauna and a steam room on the property. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here