 Kylie Jenner, 25, became a mum-of-two in February last year but has only just revealed her son’s name on Instagram, which some found quite offensive. The very next day Kylie shocked followers by wearing a “faux art creation” featuring a hyper-realistic lion’s head while attending the Schiaparelli show during Paris Fashion Week 2023.   On Saturday, the socialite took to Instagram with some adorable mum-and-son snaps, finally sharing her baby boy’s name with her 379 million followers in the run-up to his first birthday. She simply wrote in the caption: “AIRE” with a heart emoji. While many celebrated the revelation, some of her Arabic-speaking followers quickly picked up on a potential issue as the name translates to an NSFW body part. One follower shared: “Umm should someone tell Kylie Jenner she renamed her son Aire which is a common Arabic expression for ‘my penis’ or nah? READ MORE: Rita Ora exposes lacy bra and thong while modelling dramatic eyebrows in risqué photoshoot  “Anyway, I doubt many people have noticed. After all, Arabic is only spoken by around 415 million people.” Almost instantly, Kylie’s baby name became the laughing stock of the comments section. However, many still supported and celebrated the makeup mogul’s name choice, pointing out the “adorable” correlation between the siblings. Kylie and rapper Travis Scott now have two children thematically named Stormi, four, and Aire.     The businesswoman was candid about the difficulties naming their son, especially as she went into labour before they had decided on one. Last September, she addressed the upcoming name change for her youngest child on The Late Late Show with James Corden. Kylie explained she “thought (the name) was going to come to us when we saw him”. Unfortunately, that was not the case and the new parents were given just 24 hours to fill out the birth certificate.  She explained that not meeting the deadline would have dire consequences for her son: “They just register him without a name and he doesn’t get a social security number.” Khloe Kardashian recommended the name Wolf on a whim, and Kylie decided she liked the initials that would give her son, as Wolf Webster. So she wrote it on the birth certificate, but almost instantly, regret set in: “Right after I signed the birth certificate, I was like, ‘What did I just do?’.” The socialite seemingly hasn’t taken notice of the online discourse concerning her son’s new name.  Instead, Kylie made digital waves once again on Sunday when she appeared at the Schiaparelli show during Paris Fashion Week. Kylie donned a ruffled skin tight, sleeveless black dress, most of which was covered by a faux lion head. The hyperrealistic head sprouted out of the left side of her body, spanning from her hip to her shoulder. In the caption, Kylie dubbed the outfit: “Beauty and the Beast.” Some followers didn’t take too kindly to the faux animal head, with one saying: “This is highly inappropriate, prop or not this should never have been designed.” Another declared: “That’s absolutely tasteless.” while a third claimed: “It’s practically glamourising animal cruelty.”