Max Verstappen has told Red Bull to ban Daniel Ricciardo from the simulator to allow him more time to practice. The double world champion admitted he doesn’t want a “test driver” working in the sim as he wants to do the laps himself. He claimed the laps were “worth doing” as everyone has a different style which could lead to different results. The Dutchman also revealed he liked being at the factory as he gets bored at home. He told Speed Week: “Sometimes the days in the sim are long but I am convinced that this kind of work is worth doing. As far as I’m concerned, I don’t want there to be a test driver working in the simulator like other teams do. “I want to work on it myself because everyone has their own driving style. It helps me keep my concentration. After all, there’s not much to do at home other than train on the simulator. Plus it’s something I enjoy.” READ MORE: Red Bull chief Helmut Marko responds to Max Verstappen outburst Away from the track, Verstappen is a big fan of racing games and even competes in online championships with his squad, Team Redline. He featured in the Virtual Le Mans 24 Hours event but had a meltdown after being disconnected while leading. Meanwhile, Ricciardo was signed as Red Bull’s third driver for 2023 after being axed from McLaren. The Australian’s role is set to involve promotional work as well as simulator testing. The role allows him time to recuperate away from the circuit as he eyes a race return for 2024. The eight-times F1 race winner told The Beyond the Grid Podcast that he was excited to get back to the factory to see how he compared to Verstappen and Perez. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen issued challenge by colleague ahead of new F1 season [INSIGHT]Perez's dad fires warning to Verstappen as tension to reach new level [ANALYSIS]Imola forced to pay fine as Verstappen filming brings noise complaints [COMMENT] He even stressed beating Verstappen’s times could act as a confidence booster if he “gels” with the Red Bull package straight away. He explained: “Going back to Red Bull, I think there is, of course, an element of me which is curious in terms of just jumping on the sim and seeing how I do, even just for myself. “[It is] a car that, of course, it’s changed in the last four years, but a car that obviously I knew well [and] had a lot of success with. I’ll be able to get an idea. I think I’ll know. Obviously, if I’m there on lap times on the sim, I think that would give me the confidence that then I could obviously replicate it on track. “But if I’m half a second off on the sim, then maybe I’ve got old!”