However, Sam Heughan hasn’t always found bringing Jamie Fraser to life the easiest during his tenure on Outlander. In fact, the Scottish BAFTA award winner admitted he once struggled to slip back into the character when called upon to do so. Despite starring in every episode of Outlander throughout its six seasons so far, and with the seventh in the pipeline, donning Jamie’s persona at whim doesn’t always come easy. Speaking on the Happy, Sad, Confused podcast back in March 2022 prior to season six’s release, Heughan was asked what the “hardest part” of “turning Jamie on and off” was as an actor. And the actor candidly recalled a time when failing to slip into Jamie’s shoes proved rather tricky. “How do you turn Jamie on?” Heughan quipped. “I think Diana [Gabaldon, creator] has written about that.” READ MORE: Outlander stars ‘cheated’ to film iconic Claire and Jamie scene Leaving the jokes aside, Heughan continued: “Do you know, we were actually doing the audiobook for Clanlands with Graham McTavish, “And I believe I’d written some lines of Jamie Fraser and I had to do the voice while recording the audiobook. “And I couldn’t do the voice,” Heughan admitted. “I was like, ‘What is Jamie’s voice?’ “But it’s strange because as soon as you arrive on set you do fall back into it, you do.” Explaining how the pre-production process helps him snap back into character, Heughan went on: “There’s always a period where we have a read-through and costume fittings. “I mean we do fittings a long time in advance so you’re already planning the story of the costumes and where we’re going. “We just had ours for the new season [season six] just now so we’re already looking ahead and you’re thinking where does the story take you? “So by the time you get on set there’s been a lot of preparation and that helps,” he added. DON'T MISS:Outlander's Young Ian star broke down in tears over Jamie Fraser sceneOutlander's Caitriona Balfe recalls filming mishap during shootoutOutlander's Sam Heughan admits 'worst thing' about season 7 filming Luckily, Heughan appears to have had no such problem for season seven which is set to air on Starz and Lionsgate+ in the summer. But this year has thrown up challenges of its own thanks to the plummeting temperatures in which he, Caitriona Balfe and the rest of the cast have had to film in. “The worst thing (about season seven) is probably night shoots in Scotland during the winter,” he told El Pais. He continued during the interview earlier this month: “Some of our crew and cast are shooting right now, (doing) night shifts in Scotland. “And it’s very cold. It’s -12 degrees,” the Jamie Fraser star shared. Season seven promises to be one of Jamie and Claire’s (played by Balfe) toughest yet following the events of the sixth season’s finale. But will Jamie be able to clear Claire’s name of murder and save her from a public execution or could time be up on their turbulent love story? Outlander season 7 premieres on Starz in the USA and Lionsgate+ in the UK in the summer of 2023.