Robert Jenrick has backed stripping serial rapist David Carrick of his police pension from the Met Police. The Home Office minister said it is one of the "most egregious cases" of police misconduct in history, branding Carrick a "disgusting individual" who should "not benefit" from his years in the force. He later went further to say he and Home Secretary Suella Braverman "do not expect David Carrick to receive his pension". It comes after London Mayor Saqid Khan vowed to seek the forfeiture of the state-funded pension, reported to be £22,000 a year. Mr Jenrick told Sky News: "The forfeiture of the pension is a matter for the Mayor of London but we support his efforts to remove that pension, if indeed that is what he chooses to do." He later said there are "strong arguments" for making the move.  A spokesman for the Mayor of London said: "The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime (Mopac) will pursue pension forfeiture in this case as it is clear that Pc Carrick committed offences in connection with his service as a member of a police force." Home Office guidance states pension forfeiture can only be applied for when an officer has a conviction "committed in connection with their service as a member of a police force" and the offence has been certified by the Home Secretary as "liable to lead to a serious loss of confidence in the public service" or "gravely injurious to the interests of the state". Carrick, who served with the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command, was dismissed by the force after pleading guilty to 49 offences, including 24 counts of rape against 12 women between 2003 and 2020. Following his admission the force apologised to his victims, saying they should have spotted his behaviour.   Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley said the force was now investigating more than 1,000 sexual and domestic abuse claims, involving 800 officers, as a result of the case. Sir Mark Rowley told the BBC in an interview: "We have failed. And I'm sorry. He should not have been a police officer." He admitted that the force has "let women and girls down" and said it would lead to "some women across London questioning whether they can trust the Met". "We haven't applied the same sense of ruthlessness to guarding our own integrity that we routinely apply to confronting criminals," he added.  