The 54-year-old suffered from a cardiac arrest at her home in Calabasas, California, on Thursday morning. She was taken to hospital after paramedics were called shortly before 10.40am (6.40pm GMT). Craig Little, a spokesperson for the county’s fire department, confirmed LA County paramedics were sent to the Calabasas home at 10.37am (6.37pm GMT) following a report of a woman in full cardiac arrest. The spokesperson added that paramedics arrived about six minutes later. According to Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department, paramedics performed CPR and determined the patient had "signs of life". She was immediately rushed to a hospital in nearby West Hills.  Her mother, Priscilla Presley, issued a statement confirming her death and has asked people to “keep her and our family in your prayers”. In her statement, Priscilla, 77, said: "It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us. "She was the most passionate, strong and loving woman I have ever known." The announcement came just hours after Priscilla took to Instagram to confirm her daughter had been rushed to hospital. READ MORE: Man, 22, charged with murder of 26-year-old Elle Edwards  In her previous update, she said: "My beloved daughter Lisa Marie was rushed to the hospital. She is now receiving the best care. "Please keep her and our family in your prayers. We feel the prayers from around the world, and ask for privacy during this time." The singer’s family, including her mother and daughter Riley Keough, were photographed outside the hospital in Los Angeles before her death was announced. Lisa Marie’s death came just two days after her appearance at the 2023 Golden Globes in Beverly Hills. DON'T MISS:Pence 'not ready' to go toe-to-toe with Trump in Republican primary (REVEAL)Russian general forced to back Wagner Group over ‘internal power play' (INSIGHT)Meet General Gerasimov, Putin's new top commander in Ukraine (REVEAL) Austin Butler, who played her father in the biopic ‘Elvis’, won best actor in a drama film at the award ceremony which saw the pair celebrate together. She praised Butler on his performance and depiction of her father, saying it left her “mind-blown” and that it took days for her “to process as it was so spot on and authentic”. Speaking to PEOPLE, she said: “It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us. “She was the most passionate strong and loving woman I have ever known. We ask for privacy as we try to deal with this profound loss. “Thank you for the love and prayers. At this time there will be no further comment.” Lisa Marie was also at her father's Graceland Mansion in Memphis, Tennessee, last weekend to mark the anniversary of his birth on January 8, 1935. 