A Louisiana bar has had its alcohol license suspended after an intoxicated 19-year-old girl was raped and fatally struck by a car after leaving the premises. Three men and a teenager have been arrested in connection with the rape of LSU student Madison Brooks, who later died from her injuries after being hit by a car on January 15. Brooks had been drinking from 10pm at Reggie's bar in the Tigerland district of Baton Rouge, which has become a wildly popular bar scene for LSU students. Casen Carver, 18, who has been arrested and charged as an accomplice to third-degree rape, allegedly said he and the three other males went to Reggie’s Bar that night, the arrest warrant states. READ MORE: Yakima shooting suspect barricaded in Washington home surrounded by SWAT team He said Brooks left the bar with them and was “very unstable on her feet, was not able to keep her balance, and was unable to speak clearly without slurring her words”, according to the arrest document. After getting into the car with the four males, she was allegedly raped before being fatally struck by a car after she was left to fend for herself. Following the investigation into what happened that night, state regulators have suspended the Tigerland bar's liquor license. On Tuesday the Louisiana Office of Alcohol and Tobacco Control issued an emergency suspension of Reggie's alcohol license, effective immediately. DON'T MISSBiden and Pals laugh at press attempts to question POTUS [REPORT]Mike Tyson accused of alleged rape in the 90s [LATEST]US to send Abrams tanks to Ukraine [REPORT] The bureau will hold a hearing next month to decide what penalties if any, should be imposed based on the evidence presented. It released a statement saying it was immediately pulling the bar's liquor license, citing the gravity of the situation and the "potential threat to public safety". "The Louisiana ATC is working with Baton Rouge ABC and local law enforcement to investigate and share evidence regarding recent incidents at this establishment. Due to the seriousness of the 4. allegations and the potential threat to public safety, an emergency suspension will be issued today. This action immediately suspends the service or sale of alcoholic beverages at this location. An emergency hearing will be held next month to determine what penalties (if any) should be imposed following a presentation of the evidence." Just minutes after the announcement, Reggie's issued the following response. READ MORE: Half Moon Bay shooter a 'disgruntled worker' as police say workplace violence involved “The owner of Reggie’s has fully cooperated with the East Baton Rouge Sheriff’s Office, Louisiana State Police and the East Baton Rouge ABC office since their first requests for assistance in their ongoing investigations and will continue to do so.” This is not the first time the bar has taken heat over its alcohol licensing. In 2017 the Baton Rouge Police Department, along with other agencies, arrested more than three dozen people during an undercover operation at Reggie's Bar. During three weeks of surveillance, Juvenile Underage Drinking Enforcement (JUDE) officers noticed an increase in the number of individuals under 18-years-old in the parking lot on Monday nights. Authorities then arrested 37 people, many of them for underage drinking, as a result of the operation. The infamous bar had its alcohol license suspended for 45 days as a result of the sting operation. Express.co.uk has reached out to Reggie's bar for comment. Two individuals, a 17-year-old, who cannot be named for legal reasons, and Kaivon Washington, 18, have been arrested and charged with third-degree rape. In addition, Casen Carver, 18, and Everett Lee, 28, were arrested and charged as accomplices to third-degree rape. They were believed to be present but did not take part in the alleged crime. A third-degree rape charge generally involves a victim who is “incapable of resisting or of understanding the nature of the act by reason of a stupuor or abnormal condition of mind produced by an intoxicating agent or any cause and the offender knew or should have known of the victim’s incapacity,” according to Louisiana law. Express.co.uk. has reached out to the East Baton Rouge Sheriff's office for further comment.