Manchester United new boy Wout Weghorst will wear the No 27 shirt at Old Trafford, according to leaked images online. The Netherlands international has joined the club on loan until the end of the campaign. He’s set to challenge Anthony Martial for a starting berth, with Erik ten Hag convinced his compatriot can be a huge hit. Manchester United recently confirmed the arrival of Weghorst, with the Burnley flop set for a shot at Premier League redemption. And a photo uploaded by @robert_claus shows the Netherlands international will be sporting the No 27 jersey. The snap appears to be from Weghorst’s official unveiling, with the club usually filming videos with their new signings. Weghorst will be following in the footsteps of Alex Telles, who last wore the jersey, with the Brazil international currently on loan at Sevilla. Before that it was donned by cult hero Marouane Fellaini, who produced some memorable moments under Jose Mourinho and Louis van Gaal prior to being sold by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in January 2019. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Federico Macheda previously wore the jersey, with the former United star taking it in 2009 having previously worn the No 41. And Mikael Silvestre, Terry Cooke and Gary Neville are all previous occupants as well. United have made Weghorst their second signing of the January transfer window, having landed Jack Butland earlier in the month. The Red Devils knew they needed a new goalkeeper to provide competition for David de Gea in the wake of Martin Dubravka’s return to Newcastle. And Butland has been brought in on loan from Crystal Palace, though the 29-year-old is currently behind both De Gea and Tom Heaton in Ten Hag’s pecking order. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Speaking after his move to United was confirmed, Weghorst vowed to give his all for the club. "I feel privileged to be joining Manchester United,” said the striker, who had bagged eight goals for Besiktas during the first half of the campaign. “I’ve played against the club in the past and it’s a fantastic feeling to now have the chance to pull on the famous red shirt. “I’ve seen United’s progress under Erik ten Hag this season and can’t wait to start playing my part in pushing the team towards its aims. "Whatever happens in the next few months, I can promise to give everything to the club for as long as I am here. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "I thank everyone who has played a part in getting me to this stage. “And now I am looking forward to meeting my new team-mates and getting involved straight away." United chief John Murtough then added: “Wout has a consistent goalscoring record across several European leagues, and his attributes will add a further dimension to our squad for the remainder of the season. "We were also attracted by his strong personality and dedicated approach to football, which fits perfectly with the spirit that Erik is building within our squad. “He has shown a huge desire to join Manchester United and be part of what we’re striving to achieve this season." In an interview with Via Play, Ten Hag opened up on why he’s brought Weghorst to the club. “I think Wout has surprised at every club where he has been, except at Burnley, but that was only a very short period,” he said. “I have been following him for a long time, all through his career. I have known him since he was 16-years-old and everywhere he has been he has surprised. “Yes, of course he is a player I have been scouting. “He has shown at all his club that he could add something or strengthen something. He has an incredible mentality. Even defensively he can add value to a team.”