Throngs of tourists looked on aghast. How did one of the greatest living art photographers, famed for her gritty scenes of American underground subcultures, her work found in the permanent collections of major museums worldwide, end up sprawled lifeless on the V&A’s cold white tiled floor three years ago?  Her “death” was only a performance and, like her art, was designed to shock – but it wrought radical change. It was part of a protest “die-in” where Goldin led dozens of demonstrators in lying down like the victims of fatal drug overdoses in leading art museums across the globe. In reality, Goldin had nearly died in 2016 from her addiction to OxyContin, the painkiller that launched a global opioid crisis. Her narrow escape ignited her campaign to remove from the world’s premier museum and gallery walls the name of the Sackler family. They became billionaires by callously marketing the lethally addictive drug as safe and not habit-forming, then used huge financial bequests from their profits to burnish their name and reputation with galleries and museums worldwide. Against all odds, Goldin triumphed. In October the V&A agreed to remove the Sackler name from its walls. Her campaign had already forced the Tate, National Gallery, British Museum and London’s Serpentine Gallery to strip the Sackler name from their marble and granite edifices. “I was so happy about that,” she said of the V&A’s decision, “because it looked like they were never going to do the right thing.” Her remarkable journey from artist to addict to near-death to activist is told in an acclaimed new documentary, All The Beauty And The Bloodshed, an Oscar front-runner which opens in the UK this week.   Though America is at the centre of the opioid crisis, the film will resonate in Britain, where opioids pose a mounting health risk, comprising half of all UK drug overdose deaths. Goldin has staged die-ins across the globe, including the Louvre in Paris and New York’s Metropolitan Art Museum and Guggenheim, her supporters chanting: “Sacklers lie, thousands die!” On occasions she has been arrested and led away in handcuffs. “My anger at the Sackler family is personal,” she admits in the movie. “I hate these people. But it’s not about my own addiction. When you think of the profit off other people’s pain, you can only be furious about it.” Goldin, aged 69, is still very much alive – but she almost died six years ago when she became hooked on OxyContin, manufactured by the Sackler family’s company, Purdue Pharma. After 500,000 opioid deaths in America alone, Purdue finally agreed to a £5billion settlement for hooking millions of unsuspecting victims, then declared bankruptcy. But for Nan Goldin the company’s financial disgrace was not enough. The Sackler family, renowned for their philanthropy to the arts, whitewashed their reputation and continued to enjoy the prestige of having their name displayed in leading museums and galleries worldwide. Goldin wanted the Sackler name erased from sight – taking her stand at the risk of being ostracised by the art establishment, which relies on billionaire philanthropists for its survival.   “All the museums, institutions, need to stop taking money from these corrupt, evil b******s,” says Goldin, her alabaster skin pale beneath a mess of corkscrew red curls, a cigarette often smouldering between her fingers. “The goal is to get their names off the walls.” The documentary follows Goldin’s turbulent life in parallel with her campaign to eradicate the Sacklers from the art world. Born in Washington, DC, to troubled parents who put her in an orphanage after her elder sister Barbara’s suicide, Goldin began photographing America’s demi-monde at 16. Her gritty images of her LGBTQ friends, Aids victims, and those living on society’s fringes captivated the art world in the 1970s and ’80s. Goldin had beaten a heroin addiction in the early 1980s but began taking OxyContin in 2014 after undergoing surgery on an injured wrist. “I had heard it was a really evil drug, butI didn’t think it would do me,” she says. “I thought I had a lot of control.” She was wrong. “Though I took it as directed, I got addicted overnight.” Beginning with three pills daily, within days Goldin was up to 18, and craving more. She began crushing and inhaling the pills for a faster high, admitting: “My life revolved entirely around getting and using Oxy, counting and recounting; crushing and snorting was my full-time job.” Unable to obtain enough OxyContin to satisfy her addiction, a desperate Goldin turned to snorting heroin, only to discover it contained fentanyl, 50 times more potent.  She overdosed and nearly died. “I narrowly escaped,” she says, fortunate to have woken when thousands of others had not. “I just went out. I’m so lucky that I came back by myself.” Quitting OxyContin, she suffered terrible withdrawal symptoms. “It’s like the darkest you can go,” she recalls. “It’s the darkness of the soul. It’s unbearable.” After treatment, Goldin penned a passionate cri de coeur in prestigious magazine Artforum, calling the art world to action. “I learned that the Sackler family, whose name I knew from museums and galleries, were responsible for the epidemic,” she wrote. “This family formulated, marketed, and distributed OxyContin. I decided to make the private public by calling them to task.” She launched the action group PAIN – Prescription Addiction Intervention Now – and began protesting at the world’s leading art galleries that carried the Sackler name. She staged die-ins, showering museums with leaflets denouncing the Sacklers, littering galleries with empty, doctored OxyContin pill bottles and blood-soaked dollar bills. The art world reluctantly began to take notice. When London’s National Portrait Gallery was poised to accept a £1million donation from the Sacklers in 2019, Goldin threatened to cancel her planned retrospective exhibition there. The gallery rejected the Sacklers’ gift, becoming the first of many globally refusing to take their tainted cash.   But Goldin would accept nothing less than the family’s complete eradication from the art world it had bought entry into. “It took a long time,” says the film’s director Laura Poitras, who won an Oscar for her 2014 documentary Citizenfour about America’s National Security Agency whistle-blower Edward Snowden. “But then it happened. It’s a hopeful story in that sense – the direct action that a small group of people meeting in someone’s living room can take against a billionaire family.” New York’s Met Museum removed the Sackler name from seven of its galleries. “We did it,” says Goldin. “It’s hard to believe.” Facing almost 3,000 lawsuits, Purdue Pharma declared bankruptcy in 2019. But in the preceding decade the Sacklers had syphoned off almost £8billion in profits from the company. To settle all lawsuits, the family agreed to pay £5billion in exchange for civil immunity from prosecution for themselves, their heirs and private trusts. As a survivor of OxyContin’s tragic epidemic, Goldin was among those permitted to address the Sacklers during their US bankruptcy hearing, branding the settlement “insulting to all of us who have been damaged by them”. She continued: “One family is largely responsible for the onset of this crisis that has led to the deaths of half a million Americans, and caused irreparable damage for generations to come.” Goldin and PAIN continue to fight for overdose prevention centres and opioid harm reduction, and today she admits her activism has changed her. “I feel more present in the world,” she says. “It’s still a scary place, but it doesn’t scare me as much any more.” 