The Ultra Low Emission Zone will expand once again on August 29, 2023, to include all 32 boroughs and the City of London. From today, January 30, Londoners receiving certain low-income or disability benefits can apply to the Mayor of London's £110million scrappage scheme. Eligible applicants could receive a payment to scrap their vehicle, or choose a lower payment plus one or two TfL Annual Bus and Tram passes worth more than the payment alone. London-based sole traders, micro-businesses (10 or fewer employees) and registered charities will also be able to apply to scrap or retrofit a van or minibus. There will also be ULEZ support offers for successful scrappage scheme applicants. This is in addition to offers for all Londoners to take advantage of, whether eligible for a scrappage payment or not. READ MORE: UK to become 'world leader' for decarbonising highways Petrol vehicles registered after 2006 and diesel vans registered since 2016 will evade the charge, under which drivers must pay £12.50 a day to enter the zone. It is expected that thousands of drivers will now be forced to pay the charge to drive in the capital and the surrounding areas, much to the anger of many politicians. Eligible applicants can get up to £2,000 for scrapping a car or up to £1,000 for scrapping a motorcycle. For wheelchair accessible vehicles that don't meet the ULEZ emissions standards, there is a grant of £5,000 to scrap, or retrofit to ULEZ standards. DON'T MISSThe most reliable cars on the market - BMW, Tesla, Toyota and more [FULL LIST]Electric car drivers demand more home charging options [INSIGHT]Drivers could save 67 percent when buying a used electric car [SHOCKING] Mobility credit options will also be available which include a lower payment plus one or two adult-rate Annual Bus and Tram Passes. The car and motorcycle scrappage scheme is open to applicants living in London and receiving one or more of a list of benefits. This includes Universal Credit, Carer’s Allowance, Jobseeker's Allowance, Personal Independence Payment and a number of others. When scrapping a van, drivers will receive a £5,000 grant, or a £7,000 grant when scraping a minibus. READ MORE: Inside the incredible car collection of The Apprentice's Alan Sugar Retrofitting certain vans and minibuses will make people eligible for a £5,000 grant. If someone is looking to scrap and replace a van or minibus with a fully electric vehicle, they will receive £7,500 or £9,500 respectively. The application process will be online, and you will need to upload evidence to prove your identity and eligibility. To apply, the vehicle must also have valid road tax, MOT and insurance and have been registered to an eligible registered keeper for more than 12 months prior to January 30, 2023, when the scheme launches. People wanting to apply to the scheme will also need to upload the vehicle's V5C log book. If a person or their organisation has received a grant payment under previous TfL car and motorcycle or van and minibus scrappage schemes, they can't apply to the equivalent scheme again. Their eligibility may also be affected if they have received other public grants in recent years. To help disabled Londoners and community transport providers prepare for the expansion, the existing ULEZ grace periods (temporary exemptions) have been extended, and new grace periods will be introduced on January 30, 2023. The £10 annual fee to register a vehicle for Auto Pay will be removed today (January 30). Auto Pay lets drivers who register their vehicles avoid the risk of forgetting to pay the daily ULEZ charge and incurring a penalty charge. The value of ULEZ and Congestion Charge penalty charges incurred will increase from £160 to £180 (reduced by 50 percent if paid within 14 days).