King Charles and Prince Harry do not appear to be on speaking terms as the Duke of Sussex said he hasn't "spoken for quite a while" with his father. Harry opened up on the current relationship with his elder brother Prince William and father Charles while speaking with US journalist Anderson Cooper. Appearing on CBS's 60 Minutes, the Duke said he "currently" does not speak nor text with William. He continued: "But I look forward to us being able to find peace. I want..." Prompted by Mr Cooper to speak further about the gap between the once close siblings, Harry said it has been "a while" since he communicated with William. Similarly, asked about whether he speaks to his father the King, Harry added: "We haven't spoken for quite a while. Um, no, not recently." Later in his sit-down interview, Prince Harry said he "really look[s] forward to having that family element back". He continued: "I look forward to having a relationship with my brother. "I look forward to having a relationship with my father and other members of my family." The Duke candidly said he "can't see" happening his and Meghan Markle's return to the Firm as full-time working members. Nevertheless, he added, he still regards as possible reconciliation with the royals. READ MORE: Prince Harry slammed as 'paranoid' and 'unhinged' He said: "The ball is very much in their court, but, you know, Meghan and I have continued to say that we will openly apologize for anything that we did wrong, but every time we ask that question, no one's telling us the specifics or anything. "There needs to be a constructive conversation, one that can happen in private that doesn't get leaked." Elsewhere in this interview, Harry also said his stepmother Queen Camilla was "dangerous" for the Firm "because of the need for her to rehabilitate her image", which pushed her to forge a relationship with the British press. This interview was transmitted just hours after the release of another sit-down, this time with ITV's broadcaster Tom Bradby. These interviews are part of the promotional campaign ahead of the release of the royal's memoir titled Spare. The book will be available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10, but a number of astonishing claims and revelations have already found their way to the public after some Spanish copies were mistakenly sold five days prior to its official release. Among the more shocking claims reportedly made by the Duke in the pages of his memoir was the report of a physical attack he said to have suffered by the hand of William. The book also touches upon Harry's decision to wear a Nazi uniform in 2005 for a fancy dress party, with the royal claiming he had been encouraged by the now Prince and Princess of Wales to wear the shameful costume. The memoir also recalls the Duke's service in Afghanistan, where Harry claimed to have killed 25 people as a helicopter pilot. Neither Kensington Palace nor Buckingham Palace have yet commented on the claims included in the upcoming memoir.