Manchester United are set to confirm Marcel Sabitzer as their third and final signing of the January transfer window. Erik ten Hag will bolster his midfield in the 11th hour after an unexpectedly hectic day of enquiries across Europe, where at least eight other options were snubbed. Sabitzer will join United on a straight loan until the end of the season, joining Jack Butland and Wout Weghorst on temporary deals at Old Trafford. Ten Hag was left scrambling for a new midfielder on deadline day after learning that Christian Eriksen's ankle injury would rule him out until late April at the earliest. And Sabitzer was by no means the only player in the area that United looked at recruiting before 11pm. According to reports, United asked about Ryan Gravenberch when enquiring about Sabitzer, but to no avail. The Independent also claimed that Ten Hag considered moves for Isco and Youri Tielemans after the former's Union Berlin switch collapsed. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE The Mail report United approached Eintracht Frankfurt about the possibility of signing Daichi Kamada, whose contract expires in July. And Foot Mercato claim the Red Devils were also sniffing around Lyon for Houssem Aouar before opting to sign Sabitzer. Sky Sports reignited links with Atletico Madrid midfielder Saul Niguez, but United turned down the opportunity to loan him after his dismal spell at Chelsea last season. Atletico also offered United Yannick Carrasco, but Ten Hag 'wasn't keen' on the Belgium international. Sofyan Amrabat's name has also cropped up, with reports linking the Old Trafford giants with a potential hijack of Barcelona's interest in one of the stars of the 2022 World Cup. DON'T MISS: Man Utd can take note after Asensio 'referred offer to Real Madrid'  Scott McTominay is also currently out of contention through injury, while Donny van de Beek will miss the rest of the campaign. Eriksen's blow left Ten Hag with just two fit central midfielders - Casemiro and Fred - leaving Sabitzer's arrival a matter of urgency. The Dutchman has got his man, though, and will hope to introduce him to his plans quickly in the coming weeks, with fixtures coming thick and fast. He could make his debut this weekend when Crystal Palace visit Old Trafford in the Premier League. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here