The 40-year-old has spoken this week about how her recent break up, from husband Alex Goward, has motivated her to make small changes to her daily routine. She said she regularly attends the gym, especially since she has one in her home, which she has recently been renovating. Speaking to her fans on social media, Laura revealed she has been going to the gym, taking flying lessons, and renovating her new house since her split. Laura and Alex ended their relationship a year ago, and A Place in The Sun presenter shared this week how her life is now. Her biggest update was her new house, which she has been renovating. She said: "I put a little gym in for myself and have a fitness regime with my friend, who is living with me at the moment, and we work out. I think having a workout partner keeps you motivated. "I don't think it's good to get hung up on weight. It's just how I feel, and to feel healthy is more important to me than what the scales say," she told the Daily Star. Laura has been sharing photos of herself in her gym on Instagram in recent weeks, looking as trim as ever. In one image, the TV personality is wearing boxing gloves. The accompanying caption read: "How has the new year started for you? I've always loved exercising and if you followed me in lockdown you will know I had a lot of fun with my morning workouts. "I have missed working out so it feels good to be getting back into a regular fitness routine." Underneath another photo, where she is pictured on a treadmill, Laura wrote: "So happy to be able to start getting back into fitness at home!"  Laura added that she has been learning to fly, which enables her to be more independent. She said: "I'm learning to fly so I can fly myself to my own travel destinations. I've done 16-and-a-half hours so far, so I've still got away to go, but I'm enjoying it and I'd like to get my licence this year - fingers crossed. "I love travel, people, property and the brand. I’d very much like to carry on doing it, and it makes me happy." Laura has spoken about her diet and exercise regime in the past too, having lost a huge five stone at one point thanks to healthier eating and doing more fitness training. READ MORE: Camilla has taken years off with food that makes you 'look younger' She explained: "I cut out a lot of sugar and carbs and since then I’ve tried to stick to a low sugar diet. "It’s so hard trying to balance it all as a working mum and I find if I book regular classes or gym sessions in, I find I stick to it just as I would a work appointment.” "If you don’t have access to a gym you can find some great workout ideas online. A thirty minute workout at home when the children are in bed is something I might do if I haven’t managed to work out during the day." "I use a FitBit… I always love to monitor my heart rate and sleep patterns," Laura told YourHealthyLiving.co.uk. In recent years, Laura has posted photos of herself working out in the gym with kettlebells. Using kettlebells is an excellent way to strengthen glutes and legs, as well as ramping up the heart rate. She has also shared Cardio Blast Workout on Instagram. The presenter squatted and performed lunges in the exhausting-looking workout. Laura and her ex-husband Alex have two children, Rocco, nine, and Tahlia, seven. The former couple have reportedly remained on good terms. The A Place in the Sun presenter lives in the southern English countryside, in a property she has owned since January 2022.