Chelsea owner Todd Boehly has already thrown his financial backing behind Graham Potter in the January transfer window, with Joao Felix becoming the club's latest addition on Wednesday after signing on loan from Atletico Madrid until the end of the season. The Blues had previously moved to snap up Benoit Badiashile, Andrey Santos and David Datro Fofana but could still be inclined to return to the market, with several high-profile names having been linked with the west Londoners over the last few weeks.Express Sport takes a look at five other players who could be targeted by Chelsea if Boehly decides to splash even more cash between now and the end of the January window... Chelsea are widely reported to have entered the frame to land Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk, who is also said to be a priority target for Arsenal. The 21-year-old has emerged as one of the most exciting young players outside of Europe's top five leagues over the last few months and it seems to be a matter of time before he joins another club, although any deal will certainly not come cheap.Shakhtar are said to be holding out for a fee in the region of around £80million in exchange for Mudryk and it remains to be seen whether Chelsea would be willing to spend that much after splashing in excess of £300m on new players since the end of last season. Mudryk is also thought to prefer the idea of a move to Arsenal, which suggests that Chelsea could be up against it in the battle to secure his signature. JUST IN: Man Utd 'add new player to Ten Hag January shortlist' as Chelsea join Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo is reportedly being tracked by several Premier League clubs, with Chelsea among those keeping a close eye on his development at the Amex Stadium. Caicedo has excelled for the Seagulls over the course of this season and could soon be in line for an expensive move away if Chelsea opt to pursue his arrival before the January window slams shut.He is another target who would likely cost an arm and a leg, though, with Brighton CEO Paul Barber recently joking that a £42m bid would only be enough to buy the 21-year-old's shoelaces. However, Caicedo would certainly be a shrewd acquisition for Chelsea and Boehly may decide that he is worth the hassle of paying over the odds for between now and the end of this month. Marcus Thuram could also emerge as a priority target for Chelsea if they are keen to make further improvements at the top of the pitch over the next few weeks. It was reported earlier this month that preliminary discussions were being held between the Blues and Borussia Monchengladbach, although Sport1 have since claimed that Thuram would prefer to stay in Germany for the foreseeable future.Barcelona and Inter Milan have also been credited with an interest in signing Thuram, who made five appearances for France at last year's World Cup and has already scored ten goals at club level since the beginning of the current campaign. However, there is a possibility that Chelsea may decide to forgo a move for the 25-year-old now that Felix has moved to Stamford Bridge to provide some much-needed firepower in attack. Follow our new Express Sport page on Instagram here. Chelsea may be inclined to explore the idea of bringing Alexis Mac Allister to west London after his impressive performances in midfield that helped Argentina to win their first World Cup since 1986 last month. The 24-year-old was one of his side's better players in the final against France and has since been linked with a number of expensive moves away upon returning to his club duties in England.Brighton are unlikely to consider selling Mac Allister unless Chelsea can make it worth their while, though, with the player still tied down until the summer of 2025 as things stand. He is also thought to be in no rush to leave the Seagulls and is still enjoying his time at the club, which suggests that both he and Caicedo will likely be staying at Brighton until at least the end of the season. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Youssoufa Moukoko is widely considered as one of Germany's finest emerging talents and has been linked with no shortage of potential admirers over the last few months. Chelsea are believed to be among those with an eye on his contract situation at Borussia Dortmund, with his current deal set to expire at the end of the season as things stand.Newcastle have reportedly jumped the queue for Moukoko in recent days, though, with the Magpies said to be actively exploring the possibility of bringing him to St James' Park over the coming weeks. It would therefore be crucial for Chelsea to act quickly in order to stand any chance of signing Moukoko this month, although there is every chance that he will end up committing his future to Dortmund by way of a new long-term contract before the window closes. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.