Conor McGregor showed off his impressive bulky figure as the Irish star nears a return to the UFC. The 34-year-old has not fought in any capacity since losing his second successive bout to former interim lightweight champion - and great rival - Dustin Poirier. McGregor shockingly broke his tibia in the first round of his trilogy bout with Poirier back in July 2021, with the injury requiring surgery. Poirier - who McGregor beat back in 2014 - defeated the Irishman twice in 2021, with the injury stoppage following a TKO in January 2021. McGregor has been on the road to recovery for some time and is believed to be eyeing a return later this year. He has been sharing photos and videos of his progress with his fans on social media to grant them an insight into his regime. He has been bulking up and showed off his remarkable body transformation at Crumlin Boxing Club, where he worked out this week. McGregor shared a clip of him in the ring practicing his hand skills, which he captioned: “Martial art at the school of excellence.” READ MORE: McGregor makes chilling vow to UFC rivals ahead of return to Octagon After clearance from physicians, the kicks are back and the latest footage shows McGregor’s unique movement within the cage - an element to his game which has seen off so many of his opponents over the years. McGregor undoubtedly wants to get back into the octagon and return to his best form once more. Given the protocols around drug testing in the sport, McGregor will have to wait at least six months to fight again. The nature of his injury meant that the medication led to Notorious leaving the testing pool, so unless he gets an exemption, six months of clear tests will be required. Fans have even expressed concern that McGregor may jump up to the welterweight division permanently rather than try to reclaim the UFC belt at either lightweight or featherweight. UFC contender Michael Chandler wants to be the man to face McGregor on his comeback bout and has even declared his intention to move up to 170lbs to secure the clash. DON'T MISSJake Paul signs MMA deal and calls out Nate Diaz after Dana White shotOnlyFans star booted out of gym after wives of MMA fighters complainedKSI vs Danis OFF as MMA star pulls out of fight for three reasons McGregor’s last win came at that weight against Donald Cerrone in January 2020. The Irishman is so keen to fight Chandler he even accepted the bout on social media when called out by the American, insisting it will happen before he retires. However, McGregor could also make a return to the boxing ring rather than octagon when he reaches full strength. He will have no shortage of offers, with KSI and Jake Paul both calling the Irish star out in recent times.