Emmerdale newcomer Chloe Harris (played by Jessie Elland) has been keeping the identity of her baby's father a secret since she and Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb) had a fling last year. Chloe has promised Mack that she won't tell anyone, especially after she has grown close to Mack's love Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins). However, the pair could soon be finally exposed by an unlikely resident in upcoming scenes. In official spoilers released by ITV, Mack is desperate to get rid of Chloe and concentrate on his relationship with Charity. In a bid to get her to leave the village, Mackenzie reveals to Chloe that he’s paid the deposit on a flat. Feeling pushed out, Chloe is upset and angry, and things are made worse when Mack later insists that Chloe moves out the next day. READ MORE: Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry Although little do they know, a curious Sarah Sugden (Katie Hill) witnesses the whole tense exchange. The next day, Chloe’s caught off guard when Sarah asks Chloe if Mack is the father of her unborn child. Chloe tries to brush the accusations off and ends up manipulating Sarah into backing down, claiming she'd never do anything to hurt her friend's family and Sarah is left feeling guilty. Meanwhile, Chloe urges Mackenzie to stop spiralling because the way he’s acting is getting people suspicious including Sarah. Chloe reassures Mackenzie that she threw her off the scent, but, did Sarah buy it? If Sarah continues to keep digging, she is bound to find out about the whole sordid affair. The stars who play Mackenzie and Chloe recently opened up in an interview about their upcoming storyline, and whether Sarah does expose them. When asked about whether Chloe is worried about Sarah exposing the fling, the actress who plays Chloe replied: "Yes. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry's interview ratings smashed by Happy Valley  [INSIGHT]Emilia Fox addresses Silent Witness coming to an end  [NEWS]Loose Women row erupts as Kaye rages Harry 'should walk away' [VIDEO] "I think especially for Chloe because they are so close and she feels awful for having to keep it a secret when it's kind of necessary for her survival. "I think Chloe is able to deal with it quite well, I think she's quite confident in her ability to you know, manipulate or conceal the truth. "So, I think she's more confident about it." "I think in some ways, Mackenzie has a little bit more to lose than Chloe does," Lawrence explained exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press. "That might be a factor in why he reacts the way he does. "Because he's at a point now where he's engaged and he's wanting to plan a wedding." "He's got a lot of things happening," the Mackenzie Boyd star went on to add. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.