Chelsea’s move for Mykhaylo Mudryk does not have the backing of all supporters with some arguing that Todd Boehly should have other priorities. The Ukrainian winger is set to make the move to Stamford Bridge after the Blues hijacked Arsenal’s interest in the player however the club are reasonably well stocked in his position with some fans arguing central midfield, right-back and striker are more pressing issues. Mudryk is set to be announced as a Chelsea player in the coming days after the club agreed an £88million deal with Shakhtar Donetsk. It had appeared that the player was destined for a move to Arsenal instead however the Gunners’ proposal stalled on the final details allowing the Blues to sweep in and take him from under Mikel Arteta’s nose. While many fans are excited by the signing, especially given the reaction from supporters of their London rivals, not all are in agreement. Some believe that the squad has other issues to sort out first, namely in central midfield, right-back and upfront, taking to Twitter to voice their opinions. @siphillipssport wrote: “No matter how anyone tries to spin it, spending €100m (instalments or not) on a winger who is desperate to join another club when we have other pressing areas to sign in (CM, RB, ST), is clueless and absurd.” Before @prodyut28 added: “I will never understand this deal if it happens.” Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE @mard_mavla was left baffled despite the obvious ability of the winger, stating: “Why in the hell are we buying Mudryk? Talented player no doubt but do we need him now or in summer?” While @RiesJMcQuillan_ directed his fury at Boehly writing: “This is the definition of throwing money at a problem. No apparent plan, no organization, just an American owner trying to sign all the players everybody else is trying to sign.” It should be said that Chelsea have looked to strengthen in central midfield and right-back over the course of the transfer window. The club were close to a deal for Enzo Fernandez before talks fell through over how the deal would be structured while Moises Caicedo has also been linked with a move. DON'T MISSManchester United boss Ten Hag may have pulled off transfer masterstrokeChelsea could axe 10 players in squad firesale as Boehly backs PotterMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in private There have been efforts to add a right-back with Celtic star and Croatia international Josip Juranovic and Inter Milan's Denzel Dumfries tipped to make moves to Stamford Bridge while there has also been additions up front with the arrival of David Datro Fofana. The transfer window is still only halfway through and it would be no surprise if Chelsea dove back into the market to make big signs with latest reports claiming Mudryk will be followed through the door at Stamford Bridge by 'at least two more' players.