The Madame Blanc Mysteries is on Channel 5 and Robert Coste is seen living with his difficult son and loyal housekeeper. As he prepares to move to Paris after selling his home, he is shot at his kitchen table. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the guests joining the cast. Cooper is played by Avant Strangel, an actor, musician, writer and competitive fencer. He is known for his roles in Make it Soul, Missions and the period drama La Garconne. The star used to work in IT but grew frustrated with the job and went into acting. Starting off with voiceovers, he eventually worked his way up to TV and film. He has worked all over the world, including France, Italy, Japan and the UK. READ MORE: Madame Blanc star left with 'lump in throat' over Christmas special Flora is the glamorous neighbour of Robert Coste and she is played by Harriet Thorpe. The 65-year-old actress is known for her sitcom roles in The Brittas Empire and Absolutely Fabulous. The stage star has also appeared in West End productions of Cabaret, Wicked and Mamma Mia! She married Howard Baker in 1989 and they have two children. READ MORE: Richard Hammond’s daughter in brutal swipe after job loss Lela is played by Frida Cauchi, an actress who has starred in series all over the world. Her credits include Carmen, Coming Soon and Genius, to name a few. In her early career, she played Sajida in The Devil's Double and Mother Mary in Risen. DON'T MISS... ITV viewers 'switch off' minutes into John Bishop's show [DISCUSSION] James Martin in tears after 'TV dad’ gives emotional health update [INSIGHT] Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [DISCUSSION] Eric appears to be Robert's son and he is played by Nicolas Van Beveren. Nicolas is a French actor and film director and the 40-year-old is known for starring in Virtual Revolution. His career began in 2007 when he was called up to audition for a series for a French TV channel. He went on to star in Bob Ghetto, On Her Neck and The Colour of the Trap. His director credits include Two Lines, Forbidden and Je suis toujours belle. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert ‘at a loss’ over value of ballerinas Robert is found dead clutching a mystery key which holds many secrets. He is played by Nick von Schlippe, a Russian and English-speaking actor, director and writer. The star, who is based in London, is known for his roles in The Ball of Light and 6 Underground. Since 2020 he has been creating weekly comedy videos, some of which have won prizes at festivals.  The Madame Blanc Mysteries airs on Channel 5 on Thursdays at 9pm.