Fans were left heartbroken after Starz confirmed season eight would conclude the hit romance series, Outlander. With season seven yet to premiere, many questioned how the explanation of Jamie Fraser’s (played by Sam Heughan) ghost and the forget-me-not flowers would be addressed. Viewers will recall the bizarre season one moment Frank Randall (Tobias Menzies) was convinced he saw a mysterious figure watching his wife Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe). As one of the biggest mysteries of the show, the author of the original books Diana Gabaldon confirmed it was indeed the ghost of Claire’s future husband, Jamie. However, the couple was in 1945, while Jamie was a highlander in 1743. Claire and Jamie met incidentally when she accidentally time-travelled and fell in love with the Scotsman. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan As fans have long questioned how Jamie found himself in the future and come up with theories, many were concerned the final season may not address his ghost. Following the announcement of the show ending with season eight, Redditor u/alittlepunchy took to the fan page with worry. They wrote: “I guess we won’t get the full circle on screen explaining Jamie’s ghost, the forget me nots at the grave, etc.” U/thepacksvrvives responded: “I think we still can, probably just a show version of it. Unless DG hurries up…” Author Diana confirmed she was writing the 10th book in the hit novel series, which is expected to unveil the truth about Jamie’s ghost. Back in May, she provided insight into the untitled novel and told fans: “I've barely begun Book 10; it'll be awhile." Taking to Reddit, u/OutlanderMom added: “She [Diana] guarded the secret of Jamie’s ghost for more than 30 years. She’s not going to ruin book ten by letting them film the ending. “She told Sam, though, maybe thinking the series would last through all the books.” DON'T MISS...James Bulger’s mum ’in touching distance of getting justice’ [INSIGHT] Outlander: Jamie star Sam Heughan on ‘awkward’ sex scenes [INSIGHT]Outlander star pays tribute to Sam Heughan and Caitriona Balfe [INSIGHT] Another fan u/storybookheidi suggested: “I feel like the reveal won't be as interesting as anyone has guessed after all this time.” While u/liyufx argued: “I highly doubt that they would invent a show-version explanation without DG’s blessing. “DG is very unlikely to allow her version to come out publicly before book 10 is out.” Although season eight will be the end of Claire and Jamie’s love story, fans will see more from the Outlander universe as the series confirmed the release of a prequel. The spin-off, Blood of My Blood will tell the story of Jamie’s parents Ellen and Brian Fraser. Although they didn’t appear in the original series, Jamie often spoke fondly about his mother to Colum (Gary Lewis) and Dougal Mackenzie (Graham McTavish), who were Ellen’s brothers. While a release date for the prequel and season eight has yet to be confirmed, fans can find relief in the fate that season seven will premiere in the summer.  Outlander seasons 1-6 are available on Starz in the US and on LIONSGATE+ in the UK. 