Meghan Crumpler welcomed viewers into her weight loss journey after appearing on TLC’s newest reality series, 1000-lb Best Friends. Ahead of the season two premiere, Meghan revealed the heartbreaking reason for her weight loss.  Before appearing on 1000-lb Best Friends when it first debuted in February, Meghan had gained prominence on the Discovery plus show, Too Large. There she was able to lose enough weight to qualify for bariatric surgery, however, during the premiere of the TLC show, Meghan explained she wasn’t where she wanted to be. As a result, she returned to screens alongside her best friend, Vanessa Cross, who also wanted to shed the pounds. The series followed the friends as they supported each other throughout their weight loss struggles. READ MORE: Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again   With season two premiering on Wednesday, Meghan opened up about her motivation behind her dramatic weight loss journey. As well as mounting health issues, she shared her dying father’s words gave her the push she needed. Meghan revealed her father had watched other weight loss shows while in hospice and believed she could achieve the same success. The 44-year-old said: “This was a do-or-die moment for me, I was tired of sitting on the sidelines. I was alive but not living. “I had to do something I’d contemplated for years. And doing it this way, hopefully, I can help others who relate to me.” Speaking on weight loss surgery, she added: “If you don’t do the work, it won’t work, it’s just a tool. “It’s not a get-out-of-jail free card by any means. This is a life-long commitment and there will be setbacks,” Meghan added to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. Following her surgery, Meghan has transformed and looks almost recognisable after her dramatic weight loss. DON'T MISS...Escape to the Chateau DIY mansion is being sold [INSIGHT]James Jordan sparks uproar as he defends Ola weight loss comments [INSIGHT]Ola Jordan slips back into Strictly catsuit amid 3.5 stone weight loss [INSIGHT]  Before going under the knife in 2020 she weighed almost 500lbs and has since lost more than 100lbs. Despite her success, keeping the weight proved to be an uphill battle after a follow-up appointment with Dr Charles Proctor Jr showed she had put on weight. Meghan said that she weighed 301lbs at her last appointment, only to find out she had gone up to 329.8lbs. However, she was motivated and after an encouraging conversation with Vanessa, Meghan’s hard work paid off.    During episode seven, Meghan had another weigh-in and learned she had lost weight and now weighed 303lbs. However, despite her win, the season two teaser revealed she was experiencing another setback. Through tears, Meghan admitted to the doctor: “I want to be less, but I’m struggling.” But as Dr Charles Proctor Jr advised her to take the “aftercare programme,” Meghan stated: “This is exactly why I didn’t want to come.”  1000-lb Best Friends season 2 premieres on Wednesday, January 4 on TLC in the US. A UK release date has yet to be announced.