Popular supermarket Marks and Spencer has announced it will be opening 20 new stores and has revealed a list of sites. There will be eight full-line stores and 12 new food halls. The new full-line stores will stock both food and clothing for M&S shoppers. Five new M&S sites will be located in shopping centres, including the Birmingham Bullring, Trafford Centre in Manchester, Leeds White Rose, Liverpool ONE and Lakeside Thurrock. These will be converted from old Debenhams sites, which have now been closed across the UK. READ MORE: Makeup expert shares how to recreate Kate's 'radiant' look Purley Way (expected summer 2023) Leeds White Rose (expected summer 2023) Liverpool (expected summer 2023) Birmingham Bullring (autumn 2023) Lakeside Thurrock (winter 2023) Trafford Centre (winter 2023) Stockport (expected summer 2023) Barnsley (expected autumn 2023) Largs (expected winter 2023) The 20 new store openings come as part of a restructuring of M&S. A whopping £480million will be invested into new stores across the UK. However, the opening of some new stores will also bring about the closure of others. The luxury supermarket wants to shift its focus to food only outlets, so will be reducing the number of full-line stores. READ MORE: Charles in for 'difficult' 2023 as Camilla's life 'transforms' - claim Last year M&S revealed that over the coming five years it would be reducing its number of full-line stores from 67 to 180. However, the supermarket chain will open a further 104 Simply Food shops. This takes the total number of food-only sites from 316 to 420 across the UK. The huge restructuring aims to save £309million in rent costs. Stuart Machin, chief executive of M&S spoke about the store shakeup and future of M&S. He said: "Stores are a core part of M&S’s omni-channel future and serve as a competitive advantage for how customers want to shop today. "Our store rotation programme is about making sure we have the right stores, in the right space and we're aiming to rotate from the 247 stores we have today to 180 higher quality, higher productivity full line stores that sell our full Clothing, Home and Food offer whilst also opening over 100 bigger, better food sites." Express.co.uk has reached out to M&S regarding the new store openings.