Manchester United turned down a return for Memphis Depay after the forward made it clear he wanted a long contract to return to Old Trafford, according to reports. The Netherlands international had been linked with a return to his former side amid the uncertainty over his Barcelona future. However, he’s now poised to join Atletico Madrid instead. Manchester United thought they’d struck gold when they signed Depay from PSV Eindhoven back in the summer transfer window of 2015. Liverpool and Paris Saint-Germain had been eyeing the forward but, with Louis van Gaal in charge, the Red Devils won the race instead. Depay would go on to underwhelm at United, however, with the attacker struggling for 18 months before being sold to Lyon by Jose Mourinho. The 28-year-old has rebuilt his career since departing Old Trafford, though, and was being strongly linked with a move back to his old side earlier in the month as a result. Yet The Athletic say that while United considered Depay, his demand of a long-term contract made a deal unfeasible. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big It appears the fallen giants weren’t willing to cave to Depay due to the fact they’re working on a limited budget at the current moment in time. United have since switched their focus to Wout Weghorst, who made his debut for the club in their 1-1 draw with Crystal Palace on Wednesday night. And Depay looks set to become the latest player to leave Barcelona for Atletico Madrid, with Diego Simeone hunting a replacement for Joao Felix. The Netherlands international has reportedly agreed on a move to Barcelona’s fierce rivals. Several stars have moved between the two teams in recent years, despite their rivalry over in La Liga. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Arda Turan quit Atletico for Barcelona in 2015 yet would struggle for game time before returning to Turkey after a five-year stint. Antoine Griezmann left Atletico for Barcelona in 2019 and, last summer, returned to Simeone’s side on loan having struggled at the Nou Camp. And Luis Suarez joined Atletico in 2020 after being ruthlessly cut loose by Barca, who had deemed him surplus to requirements. Regarding Depay and United, meanwhile, he hit out at the Red Devils in 2021 and accused Van Gaal of failing to give him enough of a chance to prove his worth. "I’ve thought a lot about why it went wrong,” said the forward. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “The first season I had to adapt and it didn't go well compared to my time at PSV. "I lost a bit of confidence and I lost the confidence of Van Gaal and his staff. "It was hard for me. The following season I felt like I had more experience, but they changed the coach. "Jose Mourinho came and I fought to get into the team but I think the idea of giving me a chance was never in his head. He never gave me an opportunity. Never. "I went to his office but it changed nothing. It was a very difficult period, I felt that I was training well and the players themselves did not understand it. "Pogba and Zlatan told me: 'Why don't you ever play?' For me that was the confirmation that I had no chance. And I realised that I didn't want to be in a big club without playing.” Atletico will be hoping Depay can propel them up the La Liga table, having endured a frustrating season so far. The 2021 champions sit fourth in the table, behind Barcelona, Real Madrid and Real Sociedad in the standings.