Kamala Harris has come under fire over her handling of the border crisis. The National Border Patrol Council, which represents approximately 18,000 patrol agents and support personnel, has slammed the Vice President's record, claiming illegal immigration into the US has worsened on her watch. "If you were given a job two years ago with the explicit goal of reducing illegal immigration, and then you sit around and do nothing while illegal immigration explodes to levels never seen before, you should be fired and replaced. Period," the union tweeted, including a picture of the Vice President. VP Harris was put in charge of tackling the border crisis by President Joe Biden shortly after the administration assumed office in 2021. Since then, the number of illegal border crossings across the US-Mexico has rocketed to unprecedented levels. There were more than 2.38 million stops during the year up to September 30, the first time the number topped two million. The Border Patrol union has been unsparing in its criticism of the Biden administration. READ MORE: Trump lawyer accuses Biden's legal team of engaging in 'clean-up job' over classified docs On Tuesday, the group tweeted a photo of the Democratic president with the caption: "The problem with our border, captured in one photo." This is not the first time Harris has come under harsh criticism for her record on reducing illegal immigration. Several busloads of migrants were dropped off in front of Harris’ residence in Washington DC on Christmas Eve. An initial two busloads were taken to local shelters, according to an administration official at the time. DON'T MISSIdaho victim linked to victim on social media [LATEST]Polar bear mauls woman to death [REPORT]Briana Walshe charged with murder of missing wife [LATEST] More buses arrived outside the Vice President’s residence later Saturday evening. White House spokesman Abdullah Hasan called the bus drop-offs a “cruel, dangerous, and shameful stunt”. “As we have repeatedly said, we are willing to work with anyone – Republican or Democrat alike – on real solutions, like the comprehensive immigration reform and border security measures President Biden sent to Congress on his first day in office, but these political games accomplish nothing and only put lives in danger,” Hasan said in a statement at the time. As the border crisis has deepened, governors have sent busloads of migrants to cities, such as New York, to send a clear message. READ MORE: Republicans brace for standoff against Biden as US warned of 'irreparable harm' to economy Criticism over the Democrats handling of the border crisis comes at a particularly bad time for Biden. The President is facing mounting pressure over his possession of three batches of classified documents found in his former office and home. It's also reported that some of the documents were labelled as top secret, the highest level of classification. The White House brushed aside criticism on Tuesday of its fragmented disclosures about the discovery of classified documents and official records, saying it may withhold information to protect the Justice Department’s investigation. Ian Sams, a spokesperson for the White House counsel’s office, told reporters information would be released as deemed “appropriate”. Responding to criticism of the piecemeal disclosures, Sams said the White House was trying to be mindful of the “risk” in sharing information “that’s not complete.” “We’re endeavoring to be as transparent and informative to you all in the media, to the public as we can consistent with respecting the integrity of an ongoing Justice Department investigation,” he said. The discovery of the documents in Biden’s possession complicates a federal probe into former President Donald Trump, who the Justice Department says took hundreds of records with him upon leaving the White House in early 2021. While the two cases are different — Biden for example, willingly turned over the documents once found — it still has become a political headache for Biden that could ultimately cost him his presidency. Express.co.uk has reached out to the White House press office for comment.