Williams have signed key Mercedes engineer James Vowles as team principal just weeks ahead of the new season. Vowles was the strategy mastermind at the Silver Arrows, playing an instrumental role in the German marque’s success.  It could prove to be a massive blow to Lewis Hamilton and George Russell’s hopes of chasing down Max Verstappen next season. Vowles said: “I cannot wait to start with Williams Racing. It's an honour to join a team with such an incredibly rich heritage. The team is an icon of our sport, one I greatly respect, and I am very much looking forward to the challenge. Williams Racing have placed their faith and trust in me, and I will do the same in return. The team has tremendous potential, and our journey together starts in a matter of weeks.” Vowles also enjoyed a spell of success at Brawn GP, helping the team secure the Drivers' and Constructors’ Championship in 2009. The 43-year-old had a special message for his Mercedes colleagues and team boss Toto Wolff on his departure. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton's 2023 title bid given boost as Mercedes make admission He added: “Mercedes have been hugely supportive on my journey, and we part on excellent terms after over 20 years of working in Brackley. I am grateful for everything Toto [Wolff] and the team have provided, and it has been such a special experience to journey together through failure and success.” Wolff returned the compliments, praising Vowles' talent and wishing him success at his new role. However, the Austrian did admit the team would be “sad” to see him leave the squad. He explained: ”Having worked with him since I first joined the team in 2013, I know how diligent, capable and talented he is and have taken great satisfaction from watching James develop and grow over the past decade. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton backed for embarrassment in battle against Russell [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton complaints forced Mercedes to make factory changes [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton warned Max Verstappen is now a different beast [COMMENT] “While we are naturally sad to be saying goodbye, we wish him every success and are delighted that he will take this next step in his career with Williams, a strong technical partner of ours and one that has a place close to my own heart.” The move comes after Williams parted ways with Jost Capito at the end of last season after two years with the iconic British squad. The team will be among the first to lift the cover off their new 2023 cart with a launch date penciled in for February 6. 