Following his 1991 Australian Open victory six-time Grand Slam champion Boris Becker started a strange craze that involved him diving in the murky Yarra River. Becker is one of the sport’s most iconic faces, having enjoyed plenty of success on the tennis court. Two of his six Grand Slam titles came down under, with his first Australian Open victory coming over Ivan Lendl 32 years ago. After his victory the German star's choice of post-victory celebration was a strange one to say the least. As a result Becker opted to jump in the Yarra River, a body of water that runs through the city of Melbourne. And the dive has since become iconic with the tournament, with a whole host of Australian Open winners jumping on the trend following their own victories. READ MORE: Australian Open champion Aryna Sabalenka tears up while praising 'craziest team on tour' The year after Becker’s triumph, the 1992 champion Jim Courier followed suit by celebrating his victory by also jumping into a murky-looking river, before doing it for a second time when defending his Grand Slam title down under one year later. One of the more recent stars to take the dive was three-time Grand Slam champion Angelique Kerber. Kerber became Australian Open champion in 2016 after defeating tennis legend Serena Williams in a 6-4, 3-6, 6-4 victory. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic makes Aus Open request to father after controversyAus Open allow Z T-shirt man back for Djokovic match after questioningNovak Djokovic accused of playing 'mind games' with Stefanos Tsitsipas She then channelled her inner Becker as she jumped into the Melbourne river in celebration. Becker himself is back working on the opening Grand Slam of the year, just a month after being released from prison. The German was sentenced to two-and-a-half-years behind bars last April after hiding £2.5m worth of assets and loans to avoid paying his debts. Becker was released early in December and was deported from the United Kingdom, returning back to his native Germany.