An unearthed clip trending on social media shows a young King Charles discussing the importance of a choosing a new wife carefully. The clip from 1969, when Charles was a 20-year-old Prince, emerged on TikTok after his son, Prince Harry, described a temptation for royal man to choose women who fit a "mould".  During the interview with BBC Wales, which took place days before he was crowned the Prince of Wales, the young royal spoke about how difficult it was to choose a woman to marry in his position. He told the reporter: "When you marry in my position you’re going to marry somebody who perhaps one day is going to become queen. And you’ve got to choose somebody very carefully." Charles' further explained he would like to marry somebody who was British. He explained an advantage of choosing a princess to marry from a different country “is that they do know what happens” with succession as a member of royalty. The heir went on to emphasise how selective he has to be when picking his wife, who “could fulfil [a] particular role” as Queen. He added: "Because people like you, perhaps, would expect quite a lot from somebody like that and it has got to be somebody pretty special." The King's comments have been unearthed one month after Prince Harry said members of the Royal Family may be tempted to marry someone who fits in with the establishment as opposed to someone based on love. READ MORE: Queen Camilla 'looking absolutely to die for' in pink today  "The difference between making decisions with your head, or your heart. And my mum [Diana] made most of her decisions, if not all of them, from her heart. And I am my mother’s son," he added. King Charles famously married Diana had an affair with Camilla, the now Queen Consort, during their 15-year marriage. Charles began his relationship with Diana, Princess of Wales in 1980 and the pair married one year later, in July 1981.  Following Charles' comments about choosing a wife, the TikTok video cuts to a clip of the infamous BBC Panorama Princess Diana interview, in which she said her marriage to Charles was "a bit crowded" since there were "three people" in it, referring to Camilla. The video has gained over 900,000 views and 1000 comments, with many of them praising the late princess.  