Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta is keen on bringing Barcelona defender Eric Garcia to the Emirates Stadium before the January transfer window slams shut, according to reports. The Gunners are thought to be active in the market on a number of fronts, with negotiations over a money-spinning move for top target Mykhaylo Mudryk still ongoing after weeks of tense discussions at club level with Shakhtar Donetsk. Arsenal are now believed to be getting closer to finally agreeing a transfer fee for Mudryk, who is desperate to join the north Londoners before the end of this month and has already settled on personal terms with his prospective new employers. It seems as though Arteta is also looking to improve his defensive ranks with the addition of Garcia, a player he knows well from their time together at Manchester City, in order to ramp up his preparations for the Premier League run-in.The Arsenal boss is willing to negotiate with Barcelona with the aim of bringing Garcia back to the Premier League over the coming weeks, according to Sport. It is claimed that Arsenal would be prepared to explore a range of different options in order to land the 22-year-old, either on a permanent basis or on loan until the end of the season.Garcia has tumbled down the pecking order at Barcelona over the last few months, with Xavi having preferred the likes of Jules Kounde, Ronaldo Araujo and Andreas Christensen to the Spaniard in recent outings. He has been left as an unused substitute in Barcelona's last four La Liga matches and is said to find himself in a 'difficult situation' at the Nou Camp as a result of his lack of regular action. JUST IN: Chelsea shirt numbers Joao Felix could wear as deal edges closer Xavi is reportedly determined to keep his current squad until the end of the season, though, which could spell trouble for Arsenal's hopes of bringing the former City defender back to England in the near future. It is said that a lucrative offer could be enough to tempt Barcelona into selling up, although it remains to be seen how much Arsenal will be prepared to pay for the defender if they decide to firm up their interest in his services over the coming days.Arteta, meanwhile, has already insisted that Arsenal will not be afraid to submit offers for the right players before the January window closes in order to give themselves the best possible chance of maintaining their surprise Premier League title charge until the end of the season. "We are going to be active and active means we are looking to strengthen the team," Arteta told reporters last month. "This squad still doesn’t have the luxury of not maximising every single window. We have to do that because it’s really important, but then we have to get the right profile."It has to be the right player to take us to the next level. We will be in the market always active and we will assess the biggest opportunities that we have. You know there are a lot of teams with new coaches and new owners that are going to probably get again this window into a position that is never seen or experienced before, but we know that and we have to be active on it." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.