The money is being paid to all households with a domestic energy supply, in six monthly instalments from October 2022 to March 2023. The first two instalments, for October and November, were for £66, with the amount increasing to £67 from December to March. Many people should receive the funds automatically as a deduction from their bill, such as those who pay by direct debit. However, those on traditional prepayment meters are getting vouchers each month instead, but many of these have not been redeemed. Mr Lewis said on his BBC podcast: “If you are on a traditional prepayment meter, you should be getting £66 or £67 vouchers each month, which is that £400 payment divided by six. “The vouchers are only valid for three months, which means the October vouchers, when it started, are soon going to become invalid. You need to use them to top up your prepayment meters as soon as possible.” READ MORE: Santander, NatWest and HSBC among banks closing 193 branches this year - are you affected? He also called on those who may know someone on a prepayment meter to give them a prompt to make sure they collect the discount. The financial journalist said: “Please get that message across, if you know anybody on a traditional prepayment meter, especially elderly or vulnerable people, and you have the relationship that would enable you to ask them, have you used your voucher? “Just give them a little nudge, if they don’t use it soon, they’re going to lose £66 or £67. Many on traditional prepayment meters are some of the poorest and most vulnerable in society. There are huge swathes of them who haven’t used their vouchers.” Britons who do not have a direct relationship with an energy supplier, such as those who live in a care home or a park home, will need to apply for the £400 discount.  Mr Lewis had a call-in on the podcast, from a woman who lives in a park home in Cumbria. She wanted to know if she would have to apply online, particularly as she has elderly neighbours who would struggle to do this. The financial journalist said in response: “Applications will open in January, so they should open this month. I have no date in January when applications will open. “At that point, there will be a website where you can apply for the £400. It will be on gov.uk, I’m sure, although I haven’t heard that yet. “If you do not have access to the web, there will be a helpline that people will be able to call. When I have the information of the exact application process and that helpline, we will of course do it here on the programme.” READ MORE: Couple slash energy bills by £400 with simple heating change People in Northern Ireland are due a one-off £600 payment to help towards energy costs, with payments due to start this month. Those who pay by direct debit should get the money paid automatically into their bank account, while those on prepayment meters or who pay by credit on receipt of bill will get a £600 voucher. The vouchers are set to arrive through people’s letterboxes from January 16, with delivery expected to take four weeks. Some 500,000 households will receive a voucher, which has to be redeemed at a Post Office branch. Mark Gibson, external affairs manager with Post Office NI, encouraged people to redeem the vouchers as soon as they receive them. He said: "People will start receiving letters from their energy supplier and along with that letter will be a voucher, and in that letter will detail how they go about redeeming that voucher, and it can only be redeemed at a Post Office. "Those on direct debit will receive their cash directly into a bank account. They will not receive a letter." Mr Gibson told BBC's Good Morning Ulster there would be a "phased approach" to delivering the vouchers to households "so that we can manage the cash flow".