A climber who died in an avalanche on Ben Nevis in Scotland last week has been named locally as a sixth form teacher from Bristol. Mark Bessell was pronounced dead at the scene after he and a fellow climber plunged nearly 2,000 feet down the north face of Britain's highest mountain.  Mr Bessell was an experienced outdoor pursuits expert, reports Bristol Live, and worked at Ashton Park School as a teacher, leading trips as the school's outdoor educational and external visits co-ordinator. In a message breaking the news to parents, Ashton Park's headteacher Richard Uffendell paid tribute to Mr Bessell, hailing him as a "huge part of Ashton Park". He wrote: "I am sorry I could not ring you individually but I wanted all of you to find out with time to process the situation," Mr Uffendell said. "It is with the deepest regret that I inform you that Mark Bessell has passed away following a tragic accident on Friday 30th December. "Mark was climbing on Ben Nevis and was caught in an avalanche. Mark suffered a significant fall and despite the efforts of mountain rescue has sadly passed away. "Mark was a huge part of Ashton Park and he will be hugely missed, but never forgotten. Our deepest sympathies go to the family and especially Charlie, during this very difficult and upsetting time. We are in contact with Charlie and are following her wishes and respecting her privacy. "We are offering support to all students and staff, including the use of external agencies at this difficult time. Mr Bessell also led a number of outdoor educational trips and visits. When we have further information on the next steps with this, we will be in further contact with you. I appreciate your patience and understanding. "When the time is appropriate, we will work with Mr Bessell’s family on how we will remember the huge positive impact he had on the lives of all at Ashton Park School and Sixth Form, and all of South Bristol. I understand you may find this deeply distressing. I am truly sorry to share this news with you. My sympathies to you," he added.   The 49-year-old was an experienced climber and mountaineer and was in a party of four on Number Two Gully near the top of Ben Nevis when it's thought he and another man, aged 42, inadvertently triggered an avalanche just after 3pm on Friday, December 30. Donald Paterson, the leader of the Lochaber Mountain Rescue Team told the Daily Record: "It appears they were near the top and their weight made a cornice [an overhanging ledge of snow] give way and that triggered the avalanche. The wind conditions meant that the helicopter couldn't get in so the teams found the pair on top of the snow and stretchered them off the mountain. "They must have fallen 600 metres (1968ft) and the chap who survived was very lucky. Though badly injured, he dodged a bullet while his friend didn't. Sadly, so often, that is the luck of the draw. We wish to extend our condolences to the deceased's family and friends at this difficult time," he added. A Police Scotland spokesperson said: "Around 3.25pm on Friday, December 30, 2022, we received a report of two people falling in an avalanche at Ben Nevis. The Lochaber Mountain Rescue Team were dispatched and a 49-year-old man was pronounced dead at the scene. A 42-year-old man was taken to Belford Hospital with non-life threatening injuries." Mr Bessell was a popular and well-known figure at Ashton Park, particularly in the sixth form. In March 2022, he and head of sixth form Rowena Hector led a trip for 20 students to Iceland, where the students climbed volcanoes and glaciers.  After that trip, he spoke of the value of such trips for young people, particularly after the restrictions of the Covid pandemic. "The past few years have been very hard on teenagers that are growing up through this pandemic and to be able to get them out into the wider world and experience new places and cultures has been invaluable to their life experiences so far," he said.