Call the Midwife returns to BBC One and Trixie Franklin (played by Helen George) and Matthew Aylward (Olly Rix) attempt to make his father welcome. However, as the father and son share conflicting views about the state of the area, tensions rise. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the actor's life and career away from the series. Olly studied English Literature at Trinity College Oxford, before becoming involved in the university's dramatic society. After he graduated, he was awarded a scholarship to train at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. Two years later, upon graduating, he met Gregory Doran, the Artistic Director of the Royal Shakespeare Company. He was offered the title role in Shakespeare's seemingly lost play called Cardenio. READ MORE: Call the Midwife’s Shelagh Turner star on return of fan favourites During his time at the RSC, he worked regularly with British playwright Antony Neilson. His other theatre credits include The City Madam, I Am A Camera and Narrative. The star's TV career began in 2010 with the short film The Duel at Blood Creek. He quickly went on to land roles in some popular series including Death Comes to Pemberley, Midsomer Murders and The Musketeers. As his career became more established, he featured in Of Kings and Prophets, Our Girl and Agatha Raisin. More recently he may be recognised for his role as Edward Stafford in The Spanish Princess. He joined the cast of Call the Midwife as Matthew Aylward in season 10, when Matthew and his wife Fiona (Jo Herbert) were expecting their first child. Trixie saw the pair through the birth, but Fiona sadly died afterward, leaving Matthew a widower. DON'T MISS... Call the Midwife fans 'in tears' after Reggie diagnosis [DISCUSSION] Helen George details 'utterly terrifying' role away from BBC series [INSIGHT] Call the Midwife viewers in tears over domestic abuse storyline [DISCUSSION] Olly is in a long-term relationship with his girlfriend Natasha Mae Fagri, a hair and makeup artist. He does not post regularly on Instagram, but his last photo of himself with Natasha was in June 2021. The pair were sat in Kensington enjoying a cup of coffee, with Olly smiling at the camera. Natasha wore a more serious expression, with Olly saying: "She don't look so impressed. I was having a great time." The star tends to keep his personal life out of the spotlight, with viewers questioning whether he was married. In December 2022 he shared a wedding photo featuring himself and a friend in suits as they emerged from a venue. One fan commented: "You're so cryptic", as he did not address whose wedding they were celebrating. His Call the Midwife character Matthew is expected to marry Trixie in an upcoming episode as the pair are making preparations for the big day.  Call the Midwife airs on Sundays on BBC One at 8pm.