Knowing how to wash white clothes presents certain challenges. That gets even trickier to clean when you add stain causers. While many opt to use bleach to remove clothing stains and help whiten whites, it can actually damage clothes and even the washing machine. After running out of the last of my laundry detergent and having a stained white top in need of washing, there was no better time to test out this baking soda hack. There are a couple of other names for bicarbonate of soda including baking soda and sodium bicarbonate, but please note that baking powder is not the same thing. Yes, baking powder does contain baking soda/bicarbonate of soda, but it almost always contains cream of tartar and sometimes cornstarch. If you want to use this natural method for neutralising odours or cleaning, then stick with pure bicarbonate of soda. After hearing that baking soda works on a multitude of stains, from simple sick spots to the most stubborn of stains like sweat, blood and wine, I wanted to test it out on a white t-shirt that had orange juice spilt down it. To begin removing the stain, it is advised to use baking soda as a pre-treatment first, so that’s what I did. READ MORE: I removed stubborn stains from my hob using £1 spray without scrubbing There are two ways to remove stains with baking soda via pre-treating. You can either sprinkle baking soda directly onto it or create a paste by mixing it with a two to one ratio of baking soda and water. I opted for the latter. I added two quarter cups of baking soda and one quarter cup of water to a small plastic pot. I then used an old toothbrush to combine the two ingredients to form the paste. I used Dri-Pak Bicarbonate of Soda which retails for £1 at Home Bargains, but can also be purchased from Ocado and Robert Dyas for £2.50. It’s worth noting that any baking soda can be used for this cleaning method. Supermarkets such as Tesco and Asda sell baking soda for only 65p. DON'T MISSMould will ‘vanish’ from bathroom sealant and grout with 95p spray [TIPS]‘Easy’ DIY steps to fix a 'cold-bottom' radiator ‘yourself’ [EXPERT]‘Very effective' 70p kitchen item to ‘kill’ houseplant white mould [COMMENT] After the paste was made, I applied it to the t-shirt making sure to cover the whole stain in order to give this hack the best chance of working. I used the bottom of the measuring cup to spread out the baking soda paste. It was a helpful tool as it allowed me to spot if there were any areas of the stain I had yet to cover. Once I was satisfied that the stain was completely covered, I then left the treatment to sit for around four hours. When the time was up I added half a cup of baking soda to the washing machine drum with the t-shirt. I put the washing machine on a “whites” setting. If your washing machine doesn’t have this option a 40 to 60 degree setting is fine. READ MORE: Use ‘special formula’ that ‘kills 99.9% of bacteria’ at 20C After just over two hours the washing machine cycle was up. On first inspection of the top I noticed that the yellow stain was no longer there. The last step was just to leave it to dry on my airer. The top looked like new when it came out of the machine, not only did the baking soda remove the stain but the top no longer looked as dull as before. I will definitely be using this method again if I have any more stained clothes, or just ones that are in need of brightening. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Sarah Dempsey, cleaning expert at myjobquote.co.uk, noted that baking soda and water “work great together” as a stain remover. She instructed that households form a paste out of baking soda and water in order to “lift the stain out of the fabric” before adding the clothing item to the washing machine. For those trying to remove an oily stain, she instructed: “Sprinkle some baking soda directly onto the affected area and leave this to sit overnight. Then, place the item in the washing machine on a normal washing cycle.” The cleaning pro also noted that baking soda can be used as a bleach alternative to create “super bright whites”. She explained: “When you add baking soda to the washing machine, it works to make whites much brighter and also helps to brighten coloured items. “Baking soda is a great alternative for people who don’t want to use bleach. Baking soda gives whites a boost and doesn’t leave a nasty scent like bleach does.” She also added that baking soda can also be added in every wash just to achieve “extra clean clothes”. Sarah said: “If you want extra clean clothes when washing, add half a cup of baking soda to a load of laundry. This will create a cleaning boost, helping you to achieve extra clean clothes. “Avoid putting the baking soda in the detergent tray. Instead, sprinkle it directly into the drum before the wash. Add the detergent and fabric softeners that you would usually use and then put the wash on as normal. Your clothes will come out extra clean.”