Following his character’s devastating end in The Walking Dead, Michael Cudlitz will be back on screens for the return of The CW’s superhero drama Superman and Lois. He will star in the iconic show as Lex Luthor, who will have a taste for revenge.  After season two ended with a major Arrowverse bombshell, viewers were thrilled to learn Superman and Lois’ third season would premiere in March. Despite the excitement, questions were raised after Jon Cryer confirmed he would not be reprising his role as Lex Luthor, which he originally played in Supergirl. As Superman and Lois takes place outside Arrowverse, bosses were thrilled to announce Michael Cudlitz would portray the iconic supervillain. The actor took to Twitter to confirm the news, which was first reported by Entertainment Weekly. READ MORE: Tony Blackburn hits back at BBC complaints 'Switch it off'    After sharing the article, Michael wrote on Instagram: “Holy C**p !!! ……. Cannot wait to join this amazing cast.” Thankfully for fans, bosses provided major insight into Lex Luthor’s storyline, with a character description. It read: “Lex Luthor is known to the world as the visionary billionaire behind LexCorp, but secretly, the criminal underworld knows who Lex truly is: a brutal psychopath who terrorizes anyone he crosses paths with. “When Lex debuts this season, it's been years since he dropped out of the public eye and he's re-emerging hellbent on correcting a personal injustice by enacting revenge on the two people he feels have wronged him — Superman (played by Tyler Hoechlin) and Lois Lane (Elizabeth Tulloch).”    Although it hasn’t been reported how many episodes Michael will appear in, fans can expect nail-biting scenes as Lex Luthor remains Superman’s greatest enemy. Superman could find himself blindsided by Lex Luthor’s arrival following his huge blowout defeat of Ally Allston (Rya Kihlstedt), which exposed her as a Parasite. As Clark, he and Lois were last seen living the simple life, while working at the Smallville Gazette. However, fans will see their work and life balance put to the test in the upcoming season. DON'T MISS...NCIS Hawaii actor Noah Mills is the tallest cast member [INSIGHT]The Walking Dead gets exciting update for Rick Grimes sequel [UPDATE]The Walking Dead’s Norman Reedus missed co-star’s funeral [INSIGHT]    Though Superman and Lois were in bliss, season three will see the happiness be put to the test when an undercover assignment reveals a deadly foe. Lex Luthor’s arrival could change their lives forever but with the villain’s thirst for revenge, the superhero may go to new heights to protect his loved ones. Season three saw Jordan Kent (Alex Garfin) and Jonathan Kent (Michael Bishop) pulled in different directions as they looked for a deeper meaning in their complicated lives. While Jordan learnt the true meaning of superhero identity, Jonathan looked for his purpose outside of the football field.     The jam-packed finale left multiple storylines open for nearly every major character, which sets the stage for a thrilling third season. Fans will recall the game-changing moment Clark decided to tell Lana Lang (Emmanuelle Chriqui) his secret. Although her reaction hasn’t been revealed, the discovery could have major repercussions.  Superman and Lois season 3 premieres on The CW in the US on Tuesday, March 14. A UK release date has yet to be announced. The Walking Dead seasons 1-11 are available to stream on AMC in the US and on Disney+ in the UK.  