With energy bills on the rise and the cost of living crisis affecting families, turning the heating on isn’t an option for many this winter. Living in low temperatures puts a strain on the body, as well as posing potential issues such as damp and mould growing inside the home. David Miloshev, Certified Electrician from Fantastic Services, said: “There are a surprising amount of clever little tricks you can use to keep yourself warmer and your bills lower. I’ve gathered some of the best ones for you to bear in mind.” This included making use of blinds and curtains which many people have already on their windows. It doesn’t use any electricity and may make a huge difference to the heat inside the home. The expert said: “Keep your blinds and curtains open during the hours of the day when the sun is shining towards your windows and close them when it starts to set.“ By letting the rays of sunshine into your home, you are taking advantage of the free solar heat. “Closing the curtains and blinds afterwards helps create a good insulating layer and lets you keep that free warmth you’ve gathered throughout the day.” READ MORE: ‘Effortless’ method to remove yellow pillow stains without bleach If looking to invest in a pair of new curtains, make sure you purchase thick ones because they will stop the heat from escaping, especially if you have draughty windows. According to Safe Style Windows, around 18 percent of the total heat within a house is lost through the windows and so making sure to try and reduce this will make a huge difference. B&Q also recommended keeping the curtains closed. They explained: “Remember, the heavier the curtain, the better its insulating effect. In general, lined curtains offer greater insulation than non-lined.” Households could also manage heat loss by layering curtains over blinds or shutters so if you have this combination, make sure they are both closed during the day. DON'T MISS:David Domoney shares ‘hardest working’ air-purifying houseplant [COMMENT]Method to load your dishwasher properly - avoid common ‘mistakes’ [INSIGHT]Crops to sow and plant in January - ‘beautiful blooms’ by spring [EXPERT] Hillarys experts added: “On days when it’s freezing cold or really hot, keep them closed for maximum impact. If you’ve a radiator fitted under a window, we recommend combining your curtains with a blind. “Open the curtains while the blind is closed to keep draughts at bay without blocking the heat from your radiator.” While keeping curtains closed will help to keep the heat in and the cold out, it is also important to try and heat the home if possible. Andy Kerr, Founder at BOXT, said: “The ideal room temperature during winter is between 18C and 20C. During the winter months, it can be tempting to crank up the thermostat. READ MORE: I cleaned my bathroom grout without bleach - results Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “But experimenting with different temperatures can both reduce energy bills and potentially lead to a better night’s sleep. “Instead of setting one temperature across the whole day, try switching between daytime and nighttime temperatures, as this may make you more comfortable at home and also reduces energy usage. Smart thermostats make this especially easy to program.” Andy also highlighted that “it is a myth” that leaving your heating switched on all the time will help you save money on energy bills. The boiler expert said this isn’t the case because boilers will be continually using energy. The expert added: “Instead, it is much more energy-efficient and cheaper to set your boiler so it only fires up when you require warm water or heating, and only set your thermostat to the temperature you want your home to be." Homeowners should make sure they are keeping their homes ventilated too, which could mean cracking a window open slightly to allow some air flow. The boiler expert added: “If the heating is turned up really high and then turned off suddenly, moist air is more likely to build up. As dramatic temperature changes can make condensation worse, try adjusting the temperatures of your heating gradually - a couple of degrees every half an hour. “Energy bills are always one of a homeowners biggest outgoings during the winter months, and whilst the above advice can contribute to higher energy usage, causing damage to your home with damp will cost you a lot more in the long run.”