Britons are braced for another bout of “bitterly cold” weather with two snow events on the horizon over the coming weeks, forecast maps and meteorologists predict. The snow will arrive after a bone-chilling deep freeze grips Britain, with the Met Office warning that freezing fog will enshroud at least five regions on Sunday morning. New maps published by weather forecast model data viewer WXCharts show a “transient Atlantic event” will bring snow to parts of the UK at the end of January and the start of February in a sign “winter is far from over”, a leading meteorologist has said. Commenting on the latest weather maps senior meteorological consultant at British Weather Services Jim Dale told Express.co.uk: “This is a transient Atlantic event if it comes off like indicated. “Which means snow in and then likely out again. Winter is far from over. We are only just past the halfway mark so frosts and some further snow events are inevitable. “Exactly where, when and how deep and long-lasting these events are remains to be seen. But February is more likely for any major events rather than the rest of this month.” Weather modelling from WXCharts for Monday, January 30 shows parts of the North East of England and parts of eastern Scotland could face a flurry of snow with up to eight centimetres (three inches) in the Scottish Highlands and between one centimetre (0.3 of an inch) and six centimetres (2.3 inches) in north eastern England. Temperature modelling for Tuesday, January 31 shows the mercury could plunge to an icy -7C (19.4F) in central Scotland whereas the rest of the UK ranges from a milder 9C (48.2F) in the South West of England and -1C (30.2F) in the North East. READ MORE: Met Office puts five UK regions on alert for travel chaos in hours Weather map data for Sunday, February 5 shows northern England and Scotland could face a blanket of snow, with up to 33 centimetres (13 inches) in the Scottish Highlands and between four centimetres (1.5 inches) and eight centimetres (three inches) across northern England. Temperature data for the same period forecasts that the entire nation will be plunged into a sub-zero freeze, with the mercury struggling to break into positive figures overnight and dropping to as low as -4C (24.8F) in northern Scotland. It comes as the Met Office has issued fresh weather warnings across five UK regions for freezing fog on Saturday evening and Sunday morning. The alerts, which impact London and the South East of England, the West Midlands, the East Midlands, Yorkshire & Humber and the East of England, advise that “freezing fog will lead to difficult driving conditions and could cause travel delays in some areas on Saturday night and Sunday morning”. The Met Office warns Britons to expect “probable slower journey times by car, with delays to bus and train services possible”. It adds that “untreated surfaces may become slippery, leading to an increased chance of accidents or injuries” and “there is a chance of delays or cancellations to flights”. Commenting on the latest weather forecast Met Office meteorologist Jonathan Vautrey said: “A bit of a mixed picture for us. Some of us have some sunny spells but there is also a fair amount of freezing fog around. “Where we see those cold temperatures by day we're going to see cold temperatures by night as well where we hold on to those clearer skies. Across England, the frost will redevelop as well as some freezing fog patches perhaps more likely now from Cambridgeshire down towards Surrey.” DON'T MISSHealth alert issued as Britain braces for the big freeze to -3C [WARNING]Cold weather could cause harmful blood clots - how to protect yourself [TIPS]Father's fury as school confiscates son's winter coat in uniform row [INSIGHT] Expanding on the outlook for the rest of the weekend, he added: “Further towards the south and east turning bitterly cold once again, perhaps as low as minus six or seven degrees in some rural spots so a pretty cold start.” Looking ahead into next week Mr Vautrey predicted there would be a “reduced risk of frost” but some “greyer skies eventually across different areas of England perhaps allowing for some brighter spells in the north west”. He added: “In terms of that milder air it's going to take a little while before it eventually seeps its way south so we'll be looking more towards Wednesday before we see those temperatures potentially rising in some areas of south east England.”