Manchester United are pulling out all the stops to ensure they get the signing of Bayern Munich midfielder Marcel Sabitzer over the line before the January transfer deadline. The window shuts for British clubs at 11pm this evening, leaving United with limited time to beat Chelsea to his signature. News of the severity of Christian Eriksen's injury sustained during Saturday's 3-1 FA Cup win against Reading has forced the Red Devils into action on deadline day. Early indications suggest Eriksen could miss around three months of action after a wild challenge by former Liverpool striker Andy Carroll, with late April or early May pencilled in as a potential return date. United weren't expecting to be busy at the end of the winter window after recruiting Jack Butland and Wout Weghorst on loan deals. But reports emerging this afternoon claim the Old Trafford giants are in talks with Bayern Munich over the loan signing of Sabitzer. And United insider Jonathan Shrager has confirmed the speculation, stating the club are pushing to bring in the 28-year-old in the coming hours. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE He went one further, revealing Ten Hag has been in contact with Sabitzer, who is elsewhere said to be excited about the prospect of regular minutes in the Premier League. The transfer window in Germany closes at 5pm, but as it's an outgoing deal, Bayern will be able to sanction his exit before the British deadline. Julian Nagelsmann is seemingly willing to offload Sabitzer after handing him just seven Bundesliga starts this season, preferring Joshua Kimmich and Leon Goretzka in midfield. United also inquired about Ryan Gravenberch, who has joined Sabitzer as a bit-part player in his first season in Bavaria, but Bayern wanted to keep him at the club. DON'T MISS: Arsenal warned about Jorginho transfer mistake amid Chelsea deal  In his latest press conference this morning, Ten Hag refused to rule out the possibility of a new face arriving before the deadline. He told reporters: "You never know. So, at this moment, we are short [for time] before [the window closes]. "It's not what we are aiming for, but it can be some things come along. We have to consider that, but I'm not really proactive on the last day of the window. "We have our squad. We need our squad to fulfil our ambitions." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here