UPDATE: the next batch of PS Plus Extra and Premium games have been revealed by Sony. Over on PlayStation Plus Extra, Back 4 Blood will be joined Dragon Ball Fighterz, Devil May Cry 5, Life is Strange Before the Storm, the original Life is Strange, Sayonara Wild Hearts, Jett: The Far Shore, Just Cause 4 and Reloaded, Omno and Erica. Premium subscribers will be able to play classics like Syphon Filter 3, Star Wars Demolition and Hot Shots Golf 2. ORIGINAL: The next batch of PlayStation Plus Premium and Extra games are about to be revealed by Sony. The new PS Plus releases will be unveiled by Sony at 4.30pm GMT on January 11. The games will be available to download and stream later this month. Fans can expect a dozen or so games to join the line-up, alongside one or two retro games as part of the Premium tier. Express Online will update this article once the full line-up of games is announced. If you don't already subscribe to PS Plus, or are looking to upgrade your membership from Essential to Extra and/or Premium, then now is the perfect time to sign up. As part of Sony's New Year sale for 2023, PlayStation users can grab a PS Plus subscription for a reduced price. "Join now and save up to 40%" Sony explains. "Subscribe to PlayStation Plus Premium or Extra on a 12 or three month plan, and save a huge 40% on access to hundreds of great games from the Game Catalogue." Three months of PS Plus Premium is currently available for £27.99, while a 12 month membership costs £65.99. Three months of PS Plus Extra, on the other hand, is available for £19.99, compared to 12 months for £49.99. If you already subscribe to the basic PlayStation Plus Essential tier, Sony is offering discounts to upgrade depending on the length of your current deal. It's worth pointing out that the offer comes to an end on January 13, so you don't have long to take advantage. PS Plus Extra gives subscribers access to a host of PS4 and PS5 games, including Returnal, Demon's Souls, LittleBigPlanet 3, Death Stranding and Marvel's Spider-Man. Even more benefits are available on PS Plus Premium, most notably the Classics Catalogue, which features old-school PSOne and PS3 titles. The Classics Catalogue contains titles like Resident Evil Director's Cut, Ridge Racer 2, Tekken 2, and Ape Escape.