Hundreds of thousands of households might have been plunged into darkness if National Grid had not snapped up extra power through an eleventh-hour request for help. Extra power was delivered via ocean floor cables to the Continent. Exports to France were reduced after “emergency assistance” was made while imports from the Netherlands were increased following subsequent requests, analysts interpreting National Grid data said. A fault on the National Grid network in southern England was to blame for a power scare, which passed without incident after emergency requests were met. It comes as more than 400,000 customers switched off their electricity completely as part of an energy saving scheme. Tom Edwards, of energy consultancy Cornwall Insight, said: “This is one of the actions that takes place after all other options have been exhausted.” If the crisis was unable to be solved using subsea power links, “localised blackouts” could have thrown hundreds of thousands of homes into chaos. National Grid sought emergency assistance for 500 megawatts of power, equal to about 1 percent of national demand, on Wednesday. Britain had inadequate domestic power generation to meet demand but a circuit fault on the electricity transmission network prevented power being carried from where it was being generated by plants in the north, to where it was needed by consumers in the south. The panic comes after a winter during which questions have been raised over the UK’s ability to service demand as it seeks to achieve net zero. National Grid used its emergency “demand flexibility service” to pay households to use less electricity over the tea-time peak on Monday and Tuesday, and ordered backup coal plants to be warmed ready for potential use on both days. The scheme sees households paid to not use things like ovens, dishwashers and tumble driers between certain hours. It is the first line of defence in the event peak evening demand exceeds supply over winter. The ongoing war in Ukraine is one part of a perfect storm that threatens to plunge Britain into darkness. Low temperatures and outages on France’s nuclear power fleet have piled further pressure on power supplies. France has been facing months of problems with its nuclear plants, which generate around three-quarters of the country’s electricity. More than half of the reactors run by state energy firm EDF have closed due to maintenance problems and technical issues. It has added to a heightening energy emergency across Europe. Power supply and demand have to be constantly balanced to avoid triggering blackouts. Last year, the Daily Express revealed how millions of pounds was being paid out to switch off clean energy sources as, despite generating significant amounts of clean power, Britain’s network has historically struggled to cope with the transfer and storage from wind and other renewables. Analysis revealed the cost of replacing lost energy with other sources was £124million across 31 days last March. The wasted power could have kept the lights on in a city the size of Nottingham for a year. Andy Willis, the founder of Kona Energy, said: “The West has been beholden to despots like Vladimir Putin for decades because of our inability to heat our own homes and keep the lights on without outside assistance. Clearly, that has to change. Boosting our energy security is now an urgent national priority, and doing that in a clean and cost-effective manner is the big policy question which will dominate politics for years to come.” National Grid, the company responsible for the transmission and distribution of electricity and gas, says it delivers power to homes across the UK reliably and efficiently while working towards a clean decarbonised energy future. Its revenue was £14.7billion in 2021. But the network is unable to cope with additional energy being generated and payouts are made to compensate companies producing green power, and further payments are sanctioned to replace it from other sources. Meanwhile, money-saving guru Martin Lewis urged cash-strapped families to avoid using cash-guzzling appliances between 4-7pm when energy usage peaks, placing strain on the system. The National Grid warned the three-hour window is when a blackout is most likely to happen, especially on a “really, really cold day”. Mr Lewis - known as the Money Saving Expert - said where possible families should avoid turning on their washing or drying machines during this time. He added: “Let’s all try not to put stuff we don’t need to put on between 4pm and 7pm. If we can avoid using lots of energy [between those hours] and it makes no difference to our lives, then we should all be somewhat conscious of that, whether or not it’s cheaper, because it will collectively help us all.”