For weeks there have been rumours circulating on social media websites about Britney Spears' alleged “disappearance” and now the star has been spotted by the public. It’s reported that the pop singer and her beau arrived at Joey for dinner in the Woodland Hills area, along with their bodyguard. The Crossroads actress was allegedly shaken when restaurant patrons whipped out their cell phones and began snapping unwarranted photos and videos of her. Footage obtained by TMZ shows Britney trying to cover her face with a menu in a bid to stop people taken photos of her. Eyewitnesses claim the Grammy winner became increasingly upset and began “yelling” and speaking in gibberish, which prompted her spouse to storm out. The former Disney star reportedly left the venue a few moments later with her bodyguard, who returned to pay the bill. READ MORE: Britney Spears blasts claims she was at party with Paris Hilton The star has spoken openly about her diagnosis of Bipolar Disorder, a mental health condition that involves significantly high and low moods. It is described by the NHS as being “Highs are periods of mania or hypomania, while lows are periods of depression. The changes in mood may also become mixed, so you might feel elated and depressed at the same time.” Britney also claimed that during her 13-year conservatorship in which her father, Jamie Spears, had control over much of her personal and professional life. This included her being “forced” to take medication “against her will”. It comes as her fans became increasingly concerned for her welfare when they began to notice inconsistencies in her Instagram. Some believed she may have disappeared or been in danger. The claims began when Britney kept posting old content or random images. The rumours grew more intense when the 41-year-old shared that she would be visiting New York City, but there were no paparazzi photos of her trip to the Big Apple. However, according to TMZ, Britney lied about her NYC trip for her privacy’s sake. DONT MISS:Escape to the Chateau's Angel Strawbridge admits issues at home (PHOTOS)Jeremy Clarkson blasts council for 'banning' book sales on his farm (NEWS)Lisa Marie Presley 'rushed to hospital' after suffering cardiac arrest (LATEST) An insider reported that she and Sam actually took a vacation in Mexico. They also allege that some recent videos of Britney in the shower posted to her Instagram were taken in Mexico and were not, in fact, old content. Although the captions of her recent posts reference Mexico, there are no identifying features from the country in the photos or videos. Britney recently opened up about her experiences during her conservatorship in a video that was posted on her fan forum exhale.breatheheavy.com. “I am here honestly just to open up to others and try to shed light on whether anyone has ever been through difficulties,” Britney shared. “Honestly, I haven't shared this openly either because I've always been afraid of judgment. "Definitely the embarrassment of the whole period and scepticism and cynical people.”