Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp is running out of ways to try and reinvigorate his underachieving squad after their goalless draw with Chelsea left them firmly in mid-table and a long way off the top four. The situation has reached the point that the German is reportedly considering selling Mohamed Salah just months after he penned a new long-term contract. The 30-year-old signed a new deal that runs until 2025 to end specualtion over his future, but the Egpytian star has struggled to meet the lofty standards set by himself at Anfield with seven league goals in 19 Premier League appearances this season. Italian outlet Calciomercato have claimed that Klopp is not fully convinced by Salah’s performances this season and the club would consider the possibility of selling the three-time Premier League Golden Boot winner for no less than £70million. Paris Saint-Germain were keen on Salah before he was handed a fresh deal and could return for the Reds winger. Express Sport looks at five possible replacements if Klopp decides to sell Salah as part of his squad makeover. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has four problems to fix after Brentford If Salah were to leave Anfield before next season, the report claims Klopp would be keen on launching a bid for Juventus’ Federico Chiesa. The 25-year-old has only made one start in Serie A this season owing to injuries and, while he would be considered a key player in Turin, Juventus' financial crisis could force the Serie A club to sell. Juve have quoted a fee in the region of £53m to allow the forward to leave which would surely be within Liverpool's summer budget after recent results from the Deloitte Money League showed the club have the third-highest turnover in the world. But Salah may need to be offloaded first due to his eye-watering weekly wage. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Liverpool fans may be aching for Kylian Mbappe to join the club with his PSG future far from certain, but a less expensive and perhaps more attainable target would be Lille striker David. He was on the same transfer shortlist as Diogo Jota before the Reds captured the Portuguese winger. The 23-year-old has consistently delivered a respectable goal return since joining the Ligue 1 outfit in 2020, with 12 goals in 19 outings this season. He managed 15 for the entirety of last season and 13 before that, proving his worth as a goalscorer. David would command a lower fee than the likes of Chiesa and could be available for around £35m, a healthy profit on what Lille paid Gent three years ago. And the lure of playing in a higher standard league could appeal to the highly-rated forward if Liverpool come calling. The Georgian playmaker has taken to life in Italy like a duck to water after sealing a £10m move from Dinamo Batumi last summer, contributing 14 goals and assists in his 17 appearances for Napoli. Kvaratshkelia has been dubbed 'Kvaradona' for his technical ability that is similar to the legendary Diego Maradona. Like Salah, he is blessed with a wand of a left foot, although he prefers to play from the left rather than right, which could force Klopp to use Luis Diaz or Jota there. It would prove to be an expensive acquisition as the Partenopei have warned off potential suitors with a £100m price tag. Still, given the 22-year-old's performances to date, it might be worth paying such a fee to secure one of the next big talents in European football and secure a morale-boosting marquee signing. Arsenal and Newcastle have made enquiries about the French winger only to be knocked back by Bayer Leverkusen, who are desperate to cling onto the winger. And it would mark a real coup for Liverpool if they could secure his signature. Diaby, 23, was recognised as one of the top attackers in the Bundesliga with 13 goals and 12 assists last season, and the Frenchman already has six goals to his name this term. Leverkusen are underachieving domestically, however, and currently find themselves in 11th place. If they fail to finish in the European qualification places, it would surely force the club to consider offers - with Diaby likely to be first to head for the exit. Since joining Monaco, the Switzerland international has gone up another level after a mixed spell with Borussia Monchengladbach and impressed at the World Cup. At only 25, his best years may be ahead of him and he could relish a move to the Premier League after missing out when he left FC Basel. Embolo is a versatile player who can play anywhere across the frontline, as well as in behind the striker. While he may not be as quick as Salah, the Swiss forward does not lack pace or confidence to take on his man. Klopp likes his front players to be fluid and able to switch positions, as shown with Jota and Sadio Mane. And Embolo, rated at around £35m by Monaco after scoring 10 goals in Ligue 1 this season, would be a shrewd addition if Salah were to leave.