Some Manchester United fans on social media have been calling on the club to re-sign Paul Pogba after Juventus were hit by scandal on Friday. The Serie A giants have been docked 15 points for alleged financial irregularities and false accounting, meaning they’ll now be 11th in the league table. Pogba is yet to make a single competitive appearance for the Old Lady since returning back in the summer. Manchester United signed Pogba in the summer transfer window of 2016 convinced he could be a key player for years to come. However, despite winning the Europa League and EFL Cup during his first year back, the France international never lived up to expectations. Pogba often blew hot and cold in the club’s red and white colours and, in the summer, was allowed to move back to Juventus on a free transfer. The Old Lady have now been docked 15 points and the World Cup winner is yet to make a single competitive appearance since his return. And some United fans on Twitter have been calling for the club to bring Pogba back. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “Bring Pogba back to Manchester United in the summer and get Vlahovic whilst we’re at it,” said @UtdEllis. “Pogba is a red at heart. I'd bring him back for a 3rd run not gonna lie to ya... he's an elite footballer. Bring our boy home,” said @Hxnz99. “Please bring Pogba back. He deserves better,” stated. @emsarfo21_. “WE CAN BRING POGBA BACKKKKK,” were the words of an excited @utdcyncical. And @utdHarryy said: “Bring Pogba back @ManUtd. A midfield with Pogba and Casemiro in is one of the best in the world.” DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Not everybody was convinced, however. @Doublejayz72 said: “I’d rather swim through shark infested water dressed like a tuna than have Paul Pogba back at Man United.” “I don't believe my eyes, people saying to bring Pogba back to utd. Why are these people still supporting our team,” said @stephgodfrey88. “Seeing a lot of ‘wish Pogba was still at United, imagine what he’d do with Casemiro/Ten Hag’,” said @TalkOTheDevils. “Well he wouldn’t have kicked a ball, just like he hasn’t done for Juventus.” And @Bennymufc said: “I’d rather have Bebe back then ever seen Paul Pogba in a United shirt again.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here As things stand, there’s nothing to suggest United would bring Pogba back for a third stint. The Red Devils know they need to plan for the future, rather than looking back to the past. And he didn’t endear himself when he left the club, insisting they made a mistake by not offering him a new contract. Speaking during an Amazon Prime documentary called ‘The Pogmentary‘, Pogba said: “My thought process is to show Manchester (United) that they made a mistake in waiting to give me a contract. “And to show other clubs that Manchester had made a mistake in not offering me a contract.” And he also said: “How can you tell a player you absolutely want him and offer him nothing? Never seen that.” Former United star Jesse Lingard, meanwhile, thinks the Red Devils were to blame for Pogba’s failure to produce. “There is no control, no structure or balance. People do what they like. It is like a free-for-all,” he said. “Like what happened with Paul, he’s one of the best midfielders in the world, I have known him since he was 16. “It did not happen at United, so something is wrong.”