Several postcodes in south east London have been flooded after a burst pipe left nearly 1,000 homes without water. Thames Water said as a result of this, 900 homes throughout he Greenwich and Lewisham borough have also been left with no water or are experiencing extremely low pressure in their taps. The chaos was triggered after a large pipe burst on Eltham Road earlier today. Emergency services rushed to Lee Green in south east London at 4.38am.  The incident has affected homes across seven different postcodes - SE3, SE7, SE9, SE10, SE12, SE13 and SE15. Thames Water said this morning the flow from the damaged section of Eltham Road had been cut off as they worked on the problem. People were also advised to avoid the heavily flooded areas. Around 70 firefighters took to boats to evacuate impacted residents, with six homes flooded by 20cm of water. Schools and shops have been forced to close, with the heavy flooding also triggering severe traffic disruption. Several people affected by the heavy flooding have taken to Twitter, appealing for updates about when their water supply will return to normal. One person tweeted: "We’re without any water now and problematic with very young children." A Lee Road resident wrote: "Surrounding roads closed by police/fire services but no sign of Thames water to provide water bottles or update us on how long supply will be off. @thameswater please update us ASAP." READ MORE: British pensioner, 70, shot dead on scooter in Thailand  A Thames Water spokesperson said: "We’re sorry to customers who experienced low pressure or no water this morning, following a large burst pipe on the A20 Eltham Road, in SE12. "Most supplies have returned to the area and some customers may experience low pressure while this continues to get back to normal. "We’ll now start work to repair the pipe and reopen the road. We also have loss adjustors on site to speak to customers affected by flooding during the burst. "We apologise to drivers affected by the closure of the A20 and for the disruption this has caused." DON'T MISSTen Covid Kraken symptoms to watch out for [ADVICE]Homeowner threatens court action over neighbour's 'dangerous' boundary [REPORT]Thousands to receive over £300 to help with living costs in January [LATEST] The London Fire Brigade said in a statement: "Ten fire engines and around 70 firefighters dealt with flooding on Meadowcourt Road in Blackheath and the Eltham Road area. "Crews diverted flood water and assisted residents to safety after a water main ruptured, flooding an area of around 600m x 200m to a depth of around 50cm. "Six properties were flooded and the fire station was also affected by flood water. There were no reports of any injuries. "There are significant road closures still in place and buses are being diverted. People are advised to avoid the area. "The Brigade was called at 04:38 and the incident was over for firefighters by 10:06. Fire crews from Lewisham, Eltham, East Greenwich and surrounding fire stations attended the scene." Lewisham Council wrote on Twitter this morning: "There is a burst water main in the Lee Green area which has caused flooding and severe traffic disruption. "Pls avoid this area if possible - we will update when we have further information. "No water / low pressure reported in the following postcodes: SE3, SE9, SE12 & SE15." We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express 