The fourth instalment of Happy Valley series three saw Richard Cawood (played by Derek Riddell) head to Leeds for Tommy Lee Royce’s (James Norton) court appearance. While there he saw grandson Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah) and the pair were stunned as the criminal leapt out of the box in court and escaped. Richard was furious with Ryan for attending the court hearing alone but even more annoyed when he saw the man responsible for the death of his daughter Becky was now free. BBC viewers now think Richard will be the one to get revenge and kill Tommy in the final episodes. Catherine (Sarah Lancashire) was left to take care of Ryan when he was a baby after her daughter took her own life. Richard couldn’t deal with what had happened and spiralled out of control, moving on with another woman. Their son Daniel (Karl Davies) also shunned Ryan for many years and, while Catherine’s sister Clare (Siobhan Finneran) helped raise Ryan, she was recovering from a heroin addiction. This meant Catherine was left to deal with the death of Becky and Ryan’s future alone. READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row BBC viewers know how hard she has worked to protect Ryan and keep him away from Tommy, who she hates more than anything. However, in series three, she has been betrayed by Clare and her partner Neil Ackroyd (Con O’Neill) who have facilitated Ryan’s visits to Tommy in prison. With Tommy worming his way back into their lives and now proving to be a threat to the Cawood family now he’s free, Catherine is terrified everything she has done for Ryan will be undone. For weeks, fans have been certain Tommy is determined to kill Catherine and the pair will be involved in a final showdown. However, a new theory has emerged with one fan certain Richard will step up to kill Tommy and rid him from Catherine’s life forever as a way of an apology for leaving her after Becky’s death. Reddit user Illustrious-Arm4655 theorised: “Knesiviches will put a hit on Richard for investigating them will get Tommy to do it. “Richard gets revenge for his daughter and Catherine covers it up. “Ryan spirals due to father figure/previous relationship with his gran.” (sic) DON'T MISS...Happy Valley spoiler clip teases Ryan Cawood kidnap plot [WATCH]Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ reason Poppy's always in a coat [THEORY]Happy Valley star teases 'more to come' and final season 'felt right' [EXCLUSIVE] Mercia2022 agreed: “Yes I think it’s possible he could get killed as he is investigating them! “I also think they may be heading towards something happening to Clare and Catherine being distraught as she will die before they have chance to reconcile!! Soooo many possible outcomes I hate the week wait!!!” La_vida_Luca had a similar theory, posting: “I can’t rule out Catherine dying (as much as I’d love to). My current thinking is that Richard will die: he and Catherine have finally reconciled and he is now in the thick of the plot because he is investigating the Knezevics. “This will potentially tip Ryan against TLR and (perhaps coupled with Ryan learning about exactly what happened to his mum) Ryan will turn against TLR, either killing him (probably not) or turning him in and TLR being willing to kill Ryan (but failing) when his own survival is in the line. “That finally emphatically shows Ryan TLR’s true colours. Catherine and TLR will surely have some kind of standoff and she will be in serious danger but, I think/hope, will survive and probably kill TLR. “She may be booted from the police or in some way punished, but it will be worth it. The above gives you a bittersweet ending, with Richard dead and Catherine suffering at least in some professional way, but Ryan being saved.” Fans have just over a week before they can watch the final ever episode. Happy Valley continues Sunday on BBC One at 9pm.