With so many taxi apps available for people to access from their phones it's never been easier to book a private lift to a destination without needing to rely on a bus or a train. But for many people, especially women, getting into a car with a stranger in control of where you go and which route you take can be unsettling. As a result, you will often see regular Uber passengers sharing their safety tips online. Now, one woman named Brennalina, has taken to her TikTok account (@brennalina) to share a hack she uses every time she gets into an Uber an which one viewer dubbed "terrifying and clever at the same time". She said: "Ever since a girl on TikTok said she leaves hair and fingerprints in all her Ubers, I leave hair and fingerprints in all my Ubers." In the clip, the woman, from the US, drops a strand of her hair onto the floor while she sits in the back of a car, before she presses her fingers against the window, with the idea being that, if anything were to happen to her while she was travelling by herself, her DNA would be in the car. She captioned the video: "Ladies, am I right? #lovebeingawoman" Many social media users praised the TikToker, Mirror reports.  One person wrote: "Sad but genius." Another said: "Terrifying and clever at the same time." Others were also quick to share their own safety tips, with many stating that you should always open the door again after you get into the car to make sure that the driver hasn't put the child lock on to prevent you from leaving. Someone said: "Get in, open the door again always. Act like it didn't close right. Make sure there's no child lock on!" Another TikToker noted: "I always pretend I'm on the phone with someone as I enter. I'll usually be like 'okay I'm getting in the Uber, I'll send you my location. Love you, bye'."  One woman advised passenmgers to "just take pictures inside the car to prove you were in there and send it to the cloud or text it to yourself. Then even if they delete it from your phone, they can’t get rid of the picture. Even better if they see you doing it." A mum posted: "My daughter takes a photo of the driver before she gets in and sends it home." An Uber spokesman said: "With more than five million people using the Uber app across the UK, there is nothing more important than the safety of riders and drivers. Before they can register to use the Uber app, all drivers in the UK must be licensed for private-hire, which includes an enhanced DBS background check. "Over the last four years we have launched a range of new safety features, including an emergency assistance button, a 24/7 support phone centre and the ability to share your live journey with loved ones."