Some of Russia's wealthiest and most influential businessmen have gone missing and later been found dead over the past year. They share the mystery that comes with each passing: many have accidentally fallen to their deaths down flights of stairs; others drowned after voicing fears someone was following them; some have reported feeling ill, shortly after falling and fatally hitting their head. The phenomenon is being described by some as Sudden Russian Death Syndrome, a play on Sudden Arrhythmic Death Syndrome (SADS), a proxy cause of death that is attributed to those who die from unidentifiable complications. There are now whispers that there is more to these deaths. But why? And who are the men who keep turning to find death waiting for them? Here, Express.co.uk collects a full list of the names and what we know. On January 30, 2022, Leonid Shulman was found dead in the bathroom of a house in Leningrad, aged 60. His death is largely unexplained, but a suicide note was found next to his body. He was the Director of Transport for Gazprom. The 61-year-old CEO of the Far East and Arctic Development Corporation, a ministry within the Russian government, reportedly suffered a stroke in Moscow on February 8, 2022. Deputy General Director of the Unified Settlement Center of Gazprom, Russia's majority-state-owned gas company, was found dead on February 25, 2022, aged 61. Like Shulman, who was also top brass at Gazprom, and was found with a suicide note next to his body in a garage in St Petersburg. Ukrainian-born businessman Mikhail Watford was 66 when he was found inside the garage of his home in Surrey, England, on February 28, 2022. UK authorities have so far said they have not found evidence of any crime committed. The 43-year-old CEO and owner of MedStorm, a medical company, was found dead alongside his wife and two sons in an apartment in Nizhny, Russia, on March 23, 2022. The former Vice President of Gazprombank was 51 when he was found dead along with his wife and 13-year-old daughter. The three had passed in an apartment in Moscow on April 18, 2022. Former Deputy Chairman of Novatek, 55-year-old Sergey Protosenya was hanged from a handrail in a garden in Lloret de Mar, Spain. His wife and daughter were also found dead in their beds with blunt axe and stab wounds. General Director of the Estosadok Krasnaya Polyana — a ski resort owned by Gazprom — is said to have fallen off a cliff while hiking to Achipse Fortress in Russia. The accident occurred on May 1, 2022. The 31-year-old board member of Lukoil, a multinational energy corporation, reportedly died from a "drug induced heart attack" during a shamanic ritual carried out in the basement of a Jamaican shaman in Moscow on May 8, 2022. Critics have alleged Subbotin was killed with toad poison. CEO of Astra Shipping, a subcontractor of Gazprom, died on July 4, 2022. He was found with gunshot wounds to his head at a swimming pool in Leningrad, Russia, on July 4, 2022. A pistol was also found next to his body. JUST IN: Grieving dad makes plea to pool owners after son, 3, drowned The 52-year-old Latvian-born American investor was an outspoken critic of Vladimir Putin. He reportedly died in a fall from his apartment on August 14, 2022, in Washington DC. Russian oligarch and Chairman of Lukoil Ravil Maganov is said to have been hospitalised for heart problems and depression, shortly after falling out of a window. The event occurred on September 1, 2022. The 39-year-old would have worked closely with Igor Nosov who suffered a stroke earlier on in the year. Igor Nosov was Director of Aviation of the Russian Far East and Arctic Development Corporation, and drowned on a beach in Beregovoi. He is believed to have fallen off his boat on September 20, 2022, his body washing up two days later. Editor-in-chief of Komsomolskaya Pravda newspaper reportedly suffered a stroke and suffocated on his way to lunch on September 14, 2022, in Roshchino.  DON'T MISSPutin puts terrifying warship armed with hypersonic missiles on duty [REPORT] Kremlin’s lack of equipment blamed for struggles in Bakhmut [INSIGHT] China threatens retaliation over 'unacceptable' travel restrictions [ANALYSIS] The former Head of the Moscow Aviation Institute fell down a flight of stairs inside the institute's building on September 21, 2022 and died. He was 72 years old. Director of Digital Logistics, a Russian Railways subsidiary, Pavel Pchelnikov allegedly shot himself on the balcony of his apartment in Moscow on September 28, 2022. The 29-year-old Russian cryptocurrency Entrepreneur and MakerDAO Co-founder drowned in Puerto Rico just hours after he tweeted that he was scared the CIA or Mossad, the national intelligence agency of Israel, was planning to kill him. The co-founder of Libertex, a cryptocurrency and foreign exchange market, died in a helicopter crash over the French Rivieria on November 29, 2022. The 41-year-old Creative Director of Agima, an IT company, fell to his death from a balcony while police officers are said to have been searching his apartment in Nizhny Novgorod, Russia, on December 7, 2022. The 50-year-old co-founder of Don-Stroy, a construction company fell over a railing and hit his head, later during in a hospital emergency room in Antibes on the French Riviera, December 9, 2022. A Russian business associate, he died of heart problems despite never having suffered from such troubles, on December 22, 2022, in the Hotel Sai International, Odisha, India. The 66-year-old Director General of the Admiralty Shipyards died suddenly aged 66 a day after he attended the flat-out ceremony of a new Lada class of submarine. No explanation has been given for his cause of death on December 24, 2022, in St Petersburg. The deputy member of the Legislative Assembly of Vladimir Oblast and sausage tycoon was travelling with Vladimir Bidenov in India. He fell out of a window from the same hotel Bidenov had died in two days earlier. Military liaison to Uralvagonzavod and retired General of the Army of the Russian Ground Forces died suddenly on Christmas Day in Burdenko hospital. The last high-profile Russian to die in 2022, the engineer who was the general director of Khrunichev State Research and Production Space Center passed on December 28, 2022. His cause and location of death have not yet been released.