Gary Goldsmith, the younger sibling of the Princess of Wales' mother Carole Middleton, said reading Princess Charlotte included in Prince Harry's book made him "see red". In his memoir, the Duke of Sussex provided his version of what happened behind closed doors between Kate and his then-fiancée Meghan in the run-up to the Sussexes' nuptials. In order to do so, Harry shared a few private messages between the Princess and the Duchess focused on issues concerning the dress Princess Charlotte was meant to wear as a flower girl at the wedding on May 19 2018. One of Kate's texts included in the book mentioned the girl, aged three at the time, had "cried when she tried [the gown] on at home", as it was too baggy and long for her. Mr Goldsmith wrote in the Daily Mail: "This made me see red. How dare Harry share such a confidence involving a young child?" Kate's uncle went on to criticise the Duke's "temerity" to talk about leaving the Firm and the UK to protect his wife and son's privacy while he "violated his niece's confidentiality". Defending Kate, Mr Goldsmith added he doesn't believe the version of the events presented by Harry, saying his niece would "never have caused a fuss" over a dress. READ MORE ABOUT THE BRIDESMAID DRESS ROW Nevertheless, he added he does believe Kate would offer flowers to Meghan "to appease her" following the incident. He wrote: "Harry alleges Meghan was on the floor ‘sobbing’ when he arrived home and that Kate brought round a bouquet the next day as a peace offering. "Such a classy gesture of conciliation would be typical of my niece. I’m quite prepared to believe she would have taken flowers to Meghan because she is kind and empathetic and would have wanted to appease her." In his article, Mr Goldsmith also branded Spare as a "petulant, self-serving memoir" likely to do more harm than good to his relationship with the rest of the Firm. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's 'bridge burning' not over as more drama likely He wrote: "He’s utterly deluded if he seriously believes it will bring him a step nearer to reconciliation — which he claims to want — with the Royal Family. All it will do is make the gaping chasm between them unbridgeable." As noted by Kate's uncle, Harry spoke of the row in his book to set the record straight after multiple versions of the story have been circulating for years. In late 2018, it was first claimed Meghan had made Kate - who in May 2018 had just given birth to Prince Louis - cry over an argument concerning the bridesmaids' dresses. During her interview with Oprah Winfrey in early 2021, Meghan claimed the "reverse had actually happened" but Kensington Palace had not issued a statement to correct the story and defend her. Speaking about the issue in his book, Harry suggested Kate was, four days prior to the Sussexes' nuptials, initially unwilling to meet the Duke and Duchess' tailor to fix the problems concerning the girl's dress as she believed all the bridesmaids' gowns needed to be remade and had even consulted her "own wedding designer" who had agreed with her. Meghan, who was particularly stressed at the time not just due to the upcoming wedding but also because of the chaos concerning her father's attendance and health, was found "on the floor, sobbing" by Harry after her text exchange with the Princess of Wales. Harry was "horrified" by the sight, but specified he didn't see the issue as "a catastrophe" but, rather, a temporary upset fuelled by the stress his bride-to-be was experiencing. The Duke added: "It was intolerable but temporary. Kate hadn’t meant any harm, I told her." Speaking about the row between the two royal spouses, Harry also claimed Kate had "problems with the way Meg was planning her wedding. Something about a party for the page boys? It went back and forth."