Last Christmas, the nation sat down to watch King Charles deliver his first festive speech as the new reigning monarch on the BBC. However, with the ongoing feud with his son Prince Harry, it’s believed their fractured relationship played a role in why it wasn’t produced by ITV. With broadcasters being on a rolling rota, it was ITV’s turn to oversee the production of the royal Christmas speech at the end of 2022. Although viewers noticed the channel wasn’t given the job and it was produced by the BBC instead. According to royal expert Rafe Heydel-Mankoo, the decision for it not to be aired on ITV could be linked to the rift between Charles and Prince Harry ahead of his upcoming interview. Speaking on GB News, the expert questioned if the King was already aware of his son’s approaching sit-down chat with Tom Bradby and opted not to have the broadcaster handle his first Christmas delivery. READ MORE:Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again “No explanation was given as to why ITV lost the commission to produce the king's Christmas speech. Could it be because of this interview? We can only speculate.”  He commented: “The Prince and Princess of Wales recently visited Wales, shining a light on practical examples of this community spirit.” The new monarch also touched on his late mother Queen Elizabeth II and thanked the public for their love and sympathy following her death. On Monday, ITV released a snippet of Harry: The Interview on their official Twitter, giving viewers a glimpse at what they can expect from the 90-minute exclusive chat. Harry will be speaking to Tom about his fractured relationship with his father and brother and the struggles of trying to reconcile with his family. It’s also believed fans will get to hear never-before-heard details concerning the death of his late mother, Princess Diana. With a glum expression on his face, the 38-year-old can be heard saying: “It never needed to be this way.” DON'T MISS... Silent Witness viewers distracted by Jack Hodgson's new appearance [REACTION] Coronation Street’s Daisy Midgeley to 'cheat' on fiance Daniel [SOAP] Silent Witness newcomer Velvy ‘nursing neck injury’ on first day [INSIGHT] In the trailer, Prince Harry admitted he wanted a family, not an institution as he claimed he is being kept as a villain alongside his wife Meghan Markle. He also confessed they have shown no willingness to reconcile with him before saying he’d like to have his family and brother back. The interview is set to air just two days before his bombshell memoir is released on January 10. Although, the announcement of the upcoming chat hasn’t gone down well with many as some are calling the Prince out over his actions. Watched over two million times, the trailer has received a wave of backlash with the majority of fans demanding The Duke of Sussex stop exploiting his family. Speaking about the upcoming interview, Ian Rumsey, ITN Productions Managing Director and Executive Producer, said: "Harry's version of events contains many elements we've never heard before, as viewers will see. “It is a raw and intimate perspective on his relationships with the people closest to him and the moments that have shaped him." Harry: The Interview is on ITV1 and ITVX at 9pm on January 8