The Regular Saver is a fixed rate 12 month account which now offers savers five percent interest. The bank decided to hike the interest rate on this account on December 1, 2022, for both existing and new accounts opened. It means if a person opened the account, for instance, on November 1, they would receive the old one percent rate from November 1 to November 30. However, from December 1 onwards, until the end of the 12 month period, the five percent rate will apply. HSBC describes the account as “a great way to get into the savings habit” as it prompts Britons to save every single month. For this reason, those looking to kickstart their finances in 2023 might consider it to be a sensible option. READ MORE: Premium Bonds winner in 'disbelief' after £1million prize win Individuals will be able to save between £25 and £250 per month by standing order with this account - over a 12 month period, this is a maximum of £3,000. Those who haven’t saved up to the £250 maximum in any given month will be able to carry over “any unused subscription to the following months”. If a person were to deposit £25 each month, with interest, their final balance would be £308.13. Similarly, if £250 were deposited each month, the final balance would be £3,081.25 - these figures assume no withdrawals are made. DON'T MISS‘Impact of inflation’ can’t be ignored by state pensioners [INSIGHT]State pension age may rise ‘earlier than planned’ [UPDATE]10 key dates to look out for in 2023 for your money [LATEST] However, Regular Saver members can benefit from a fixed interest rate, as once they open this account they will be able to secure the rate for the whole 12 month term. To open this account, individuals must be aged 18 or over. They must also have one of the following HSBC current accounts: HSBC Premier, HSBC Advance, Bank Account, Bank Account Pay Monthly, HSBC Student Bank Account or Graduate Bank Account. The current account must be maintained for the 12 month duration of the regular saver. READ MORE: Money-saving challenge that promises almost £7,000 in one year A Regular Saver can be held in sole or joint names, and can be opened in different ways. Sole name accounts can be opened via online banking or branch, while joint name accounts can be opened via phone banking or in branch. However, only one Regular Saver per customer is permitted. Once opened, people can manage their account via online banking, through the HSBC banking app, via telephone banking or in branch. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Savers should be aware there is somewhat of a lack of flexibility with this account, as partial withdrawals cannot be made. Individuals could close their account before the end of the term, but they will only receive interest up to the date of closure - and at the bank’s Flexible Saver rate. At the end of the 12 month period, savers can expect their balance to be transferred into a flexible saver.