F1 will trial a new qualifying format for 2023 in the first change since the disastrous 2016 update. The new rule will see teams forced to run on certain tyre compounds during each segment of qualifying at two events next season. It means competitors will be forced to use the hard tyre in Q1, medium tyre in Q2 and soft tyre in Q3. The system moves away from the current rule where drivers can make the decision themselves over which compound to use. The update is a bid to improve F1’s sustainability with the number of tyre compounds reduced from 13 to 11 per driver at the select races. Lawmakers believe drivers will use a wide variety of tyres, including the hard which is rarely used due to its low performance. An FIA statement read: “This will be done to evaluate the impact of the reduction in tyre allocation on track-running, with the overall intention to move to more sustainable use of tyres in the future." Pirelli boss Mario Isola also backs the new plan, suggesting teams would “save a lot of tyres” under the proposals. READ MORE: F1 embroiled in another FIA row as Ben Sulayem puts foot down He explained: "We got the proposal for next year. It is my favourite scenario. We are talking about durability. Currently with the current regulations, you have to be careful with the Soft tyre for qualifying and you can't use it for the race. “If you allocate two sets of Hards for Q1, two sets of Mediums for Q2 and two sets of Softs for Q3, you still have six sets for the race. That's perfect. We save a lot of tyres with that, without disrupting the F1 show." The new regulations will be the first real change to the three-part qualifying arrangement since the FIA last tampered with it back in 2016. The governing body introduced an elimination system for the season-opening Australian Grand Prix which knocked out a driver every 90 seconds. However, the new scheme proved to be confusing with drivers eliminated from the session while they were still on their fastest lap. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton begged to risk ban and break FIA rule by prisoner [INSIGHT]FIA boss issues Lewis Hamilton threat after controversial rule change [COMMENT]Pierre Gasly and Martin Brundle set to agree on major F1 rules change [ANALYSIS] To counter the issue in Q3, teams went out for their flying runs at the start of the session before heading back to the pits with half the session remaining. It meant fans in the grandstands were left staring at an empty track instead of enjoying the dramatic final moments that spectators were used to. Hilariously, the TV graphics showed drivers still being knocked out of the session every 90 seconds when most had already taken off their helmets. Commentating on Sky Sports F1, Martin Brundle slammed the elimination idea and suggested bosses should not have tampered with qualifying at all. He said: “So you know, if you asked me to name 10 things that I’d like to change in Formula One, qualifying wouldn’t have made it into the top 10."  Brundle added: “We’ve had to wait haven’t we, wait for not enough action. Got to change. Don’t like it. Not acceptable.” Bernie Ecclestone also blasted it as "pretty crap” with Mercedes boss Toto Wolff branding it “rubbish”. Lewis Hamilton revealed drivers had warned it was “not the right way” while Sebastian Vettel wasn’t surprised it was not exciting. The FIA continued with the concept at the next race in Bahrain but then reverted to the original timed session from round three in China.