Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is blocking transfer deadline day loan moves for Harry Maguire, Facundo Pellistri and Anthony Elanga, according to reports. The latter two are set to be left particularly disappointed to miss out on the opportunity to earn game time away from Old Trafford. United will not sign any new players before Tuesday’s 11pm deadline. That is partly the reason why Ten Hag is reluctant to allow the trio to depart. Maguire has fallen behind Raphael Varane and Lisandro Martinez in the pecking order for the centre-back position. He has been linked with a departure during January, with Aston Villa and Newcastle both reportedly enquiring about his availability. Pellistri and Elanga have been more certain of their desire to seek regular minutes elsewhere. But Ten Hag is reticent about sending the pair away and United do not expect them to depart on Tuesday. JUST IN: Man Utd’s unreal XI if Raphinha and Tielemans seal deadline day moves That is according to the Daily Mail, who report that Championship and La Liga interest in Pellistri and surprising Barcelona enquiries about Elanga will not materialise in loan switches. Both players will stay at Old Trafford and might be disappointed given that they are unlikely to feature regularly for the Red Devils. Meanwhile, the MEN claim that club captain Maguire will stay for the rest of the season. Had the 29-year-old departed, Ten Hag would be left with just three recognised centre-backs and the Dutchman therefore needs the former Leicester star to remain. Wingers Pellistri and Elanga will provide competition for the attacking places, giving Ten Hag some much needed strength in depth. But the former has featured for just 113 minutes this season and is yet to make his Premier League debut. Pellistri was handed his long-awaited bow in the EFL Cup win over Charlton earlier in January. He has since featured against Forest and in the FA Cup win against Reading at the weekend. DON'T MISS...Man Utd ‘could swoop for Raphinha' as deadline day details emergeMan Utd settle on Hannibal Mejbri decision as clock ticks downMan Utd 'ones to watch on Tielemans transfer' as late drama awaits Watford and Valencia were understood to be interested in taking the 21-year-old on loan, while Pellistri was open to departing in a temporary move. But United have rejected any bids that have come their way. Elanga was loosely linked with Barcelona on deadline day morning but is also set to stay at Old Trafford. The Sweden forward has made 13 Premier League appearances this season, starting in five top-flight games. Ten Hag appeared to suggest that the club would not sanction any more arrivals over the final days of the window after he watched his side beat Reading 3-1 on Saturday. The loan capture of Wout Weghorst from Burnley is likely to be United’s only senior signing of the window.