Thanks to high levels of Government debt, rampant inflation and an ongoing cost of living crisis, Mr Sunak is likely to be looking for ways for the Government to boost its coffers. Victor Trokoudes, CEO and founder at Plum, said: “The Chancellor will be looking hard for places where the fiscal belt can be tightened to ensure the deficit does not get worse during his tenure in Number 11. “Pensions reforms could be key to this, currently getting around 10.4 percent of total public spending according to the OBR.” Pensions have long been touted as low-hanging fruit for the Government to recoup cash. They have most recently been affected by the decision to freeze the Lifetime Allowance, a limit on how much a person can save into their pension while still benefiting from tax relief, until 2028. READ MORE: The UK town with the biggest increase in wages in 2022   However, while there may be changes, Mr Trokoudes suggested it is unlikely there will be “major movement” when it comes to pensions this year. He continued: “While measures such as equalising tax relief to a single rate, or even reducing allowances further, may have been discussed, these kinds of measures will have an immediate effect on those who are already retired or due to retire soon, an important group of voters to the Conservative party. “The Government should also be wary of any policies that act as a further disincentive to younger people saving into their pension. “Financial instability is impacting the potential for personal or occupational pensions. DON'T MISSBritons could save ‘over £95’ per year with simple appliance tip [INSIGHT]Woman ‘cried’ as she lost father’s £7,000 inheritance [VIDEO]Pensioners eligible for up to £600 boost - but only until this week [LATEST] “The Chancellor must make sure this group’s future is protected too." The expert, however, suggested state pensioners will not have to worry going forward. The triple lock mechanism is set to return in April 2023, as confirmed by the Chancellor in his Autumn Statement. It will see the average state pension increase by £870 according to Mr Hunt. READ MORE: Dragons' Den's 'biggest missed opportunity' sold for £200m The news of the triple lock’s return following a year of it being temporarily scrapped buoyed many pensioners. The expert suggested the news should also provide reassurance going forward. Mr Trokoudes concluded: “The Chancellor’s promise to retain the triple lock back in November indicated that he takes the support of this group very seriously. “He is likely to protect their interests for now.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Recently, James Green, investment director at deVere Group, suggested Budget decisions could cause a “pension exodus”. He said: “With the UK economic crisis escalating and an urgent need to plug the financial hole, it can be reasonably assumed the Government will consider tapping into the billions held in retirement savings. “It’s a difficult move politically to go after pensions as the Conservatives typically do well from older voters. But the Treasury needs to bolster the coffers.” Mr Green suggested UK pension holders may seek to move their retirement funds overseas to “protect their nest eggs”.