Britons are bracing for snow and hail showers in the northwest through Wednesday which are expected to last until Thursday. The Met Office has issued a series of fresh warnings for almost every region, telling Brits their journeys may be affected by snow and ice until Thursday after car accidents caused dozens of injuries on Tuesday. Snow is likely to make a come back, with 5-10cm possible for higher ground above about 100 metres. For areas away from immediate coasts 1-3cm of additional snow is likely, the Met Office adds, as "snow showers and icy stretches may cause some disruption". The wintry showers are expected to bring their share of disruption from ice and snow, causing delays and cancellations in roads, bus and train services. By Thursday morning, wintry showers will likely turn into rain or hail for coasts, as well as the Northern Isles. The areas under the yellow warning include Scotland, Northern Ireland, Wales and southern England.  Among the most impacted regions are Perth and Kinross, Stirling, Aberdeen, Aberdeenshire, Moray, Na h-Eileanan Siar, Highland, Orkney Islands, Shetland Islands and Argyll and Bute. Police have warned drivers to drive carefully as slippery road conditions have resulted in a "lot of accidents". The Met Office advised leaving additional time for any planned trips this morning since ice will affect numerous regions, according to Surrey Police's warning. After a "frosty start" to the day, the national weather service stated on Twitter that many locations will get some "winter sunshine." READ MORE: Met Office snow and ice weather warnings as maps show -6C freeze In locations exposed to the stiff northwesterly wind, wintry showers are possible, and there will be snow in some spots. Surrey Police wrote on Twitter: "This is snow joke, baby it's cold out there. Please take care on the roads, the gritters are out and about but we are dealing with a lot of accidents at the moment." On Tuesday, the mercury dropped as low as -9.8C in the village of Topcliffe in North Yorkshire. A yellow weather warning covering the south of England will be in place until 10am, and "ice is likely to cause difficult driving conditions". Much of Northern Ireland and northern Scotland are also covered by yellow warnings. DON'T MISS:Met Office issues 'thundersnow' warning with intense snow in Scotland [REPORT] Dozens of states on alert for heavy snow and wind [REPORT] New maps show when snow chaos will erupt over UK in hours [REPORT] More weather alerts for snow and ice are expected to be issued overnight, according to the Met Office. As the cold weather persists, forecasters have issued a warning that temperatures in some parts of the UK might remain below average until next week. Drivers have been reminded to exercise caution after dozens of passengers were hurt in a double-decker bus and motorcycle collision in "treacherous" freezing conditions on Tuesday in Somerset. The A39 Quantock Road in Bridgwater was shut down due to a significant incident, and police, fire, and ambulance units remained on the site well into the afternoon. Met Office spokesperson Oli Claydon said: "That will slowly spread across the rest of the UK. Southeast England will hold onto colder temperatures for longer." READ NEXT:Double-decker bus filled with passengers crashes and flips over Rare amber snow storm warning issued with heavy drift to cause chaosJeremy Renner’s injuries ‘much worse than anyone knows’Cold weather maps show exactly how long UK's -6C freeze will lastJeremy Renner’s injuries ‘much worse than anyone knows’ 