Manchester United are reportedly prepared to pay a fee of £5million to sign Joao Felix on loan this winter. And, should he move to Old Trafford, that would represent a significant coup for the Red Devils. It would also evoke memories of when they recruited Radamel Falcao from Monaco but this deal would make far more sense than that one… Manchester United are keen to land a new striker this month following the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo. And though they’ve been linked with the likes of Memphis Depay and Alvaro Morata, they appear to be focusing on Felix at the current moment in time. On Wednesday, it emerged United were currently unwilling to meet Atletico Madrid’s demands for the 23-year-old. The La Liga side are hoping to pocket a fee in the region of £21m to let their forward go temporarily, having spent £114m on recruiting him back in the summer transfer window of 2019. But United aren’t prepared to go that high. Instead they, like rivals Arsenal and Chelsea, feel a fee in the region of £5m makes more sense. And it certainly does when you consider the mistakes the Red Devils have made in the past, especially when it came to landing Falcao in 2014. Many fans at the time were stunned at United’s decision to sign the Colombia international, who was considered one of the best strikers on the planet. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Falcao was a proven goal-getter yet, the previous December, had suffered a serious knee injury that prevented him from playing at 100 per cent capacity. He as also a player who, it was clear, had more years at the top behind him than ahead. But United went ahead with a deal regardless, paying £6m to Monaco to take Falcao on loan for a whole season. In the end, it was to be money down the drain with the Colombian scoring just four goals in total amid a difficult period under Louis van Gaal. And United were left to regret their decision to sign Falcao at that time, believing they’d made a poor error of judgement behind the scenes. Felix, however, can be different. Yes, he’s found life at Atletico difficult since his arrival nearly three-and-a-half years ago. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see But Felix showed how impressive he was during his time at Benfica and, at 23, is yet to his hit prime. This is a player United have done their homework on, too, having previously scouted him before his move to Atletico back in 2019. That year, he was eyed as a potential alternative to Jadon Sancho - who was Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s top target at the time. But United ended up missing out to Atletico, with the financial demands of Benfica ultimately deemed too high. Felix offered glimpses of his best form at the recent World Cup in Qatar, dazzling during a 7-0 hammering of Switzerland. And given United are building around young forwards at the current moment in time, Felix can fit in perfectly. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here He’s not likely to produce the same dizzying goalscoring statistics as Falcao, who was one of the deadliest marksmen of his generation. Yet Felix fits better for United than the Colombian ever did - and they could certainly do a lot worse as the hunt a temporary replacement. While United want Felix, however, former defender Paul Parker thinks they’re better off signing Aleksandar Mitrovic from Fulham instead. “I can definitely understand why Man Utd would want Joao Felix and I think he is a great player. But I have a tough time seeing him fitting into Man Utd’s team,” Parker told BonusCodeBets. “He was great against Switzerland in the World Cup and in that game, we saw the old Joao Felix. “I would like him in the club, but I don’t see him as a centre forward and that is what Man Utd needs more than anything at the moment.” He added: “I really think that Aleksandar Mitrovic could be a very good signing for Man United. When you have him on your team you can put the ball into the box at any time and he will most likely score a goal. “He has improved discipline wise and he really knows how to get into defenders’ heads. I can really see him being an important player for Man Utd. “But it’s going to be expensive. Fulham loves him and they will not let him go for peanuts because he is so important for them. If he is not on the pitch they have 70% less chance of scoring.” “For instance, if Fulham plays against Man Utd and he is on the pitch for Fulham, I don’t believe that Man Utd will win that game.”