The Premier League transfer window will close at 11pm tonight as teams from across the division work late to get their deals across the line. However, all business will not just cease as soon as the clock strikes 11 with clubs able to work later if they have entered a ‘deal sheet’ which allows them to put the final details on their dealings so long as the transfer is substantially in place. What is a deal sheet? Football transfers are understandably complex and can often be challenging to complete, each relying on dominoes falling in other places for the deal to come to fruition. As a result, it is common for business to be conducted towards the end of the window, especially as managers get increasingly desperate for reinforcements. Sometimes it can be too difficult to complete before the 11pm deadline with the last details yet to be sorted. This is where the deal sheet comes in. The Premier League explains: “The deal sheet allows a club to confirm that a deal has been reached in order to allow for additional time to submit the remaining documentation. “For a deadline of 23:00, the deal sheet cannot be used before 21:00 and needs to arrive fully completed before the transfer window closes. “Once the sheet arrives, clubs have got another two hours, or until 01:00, in which to submit the full paperwork. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE What documents are involved in a transfer? Finalising the transfer of a player concludes with the registration with the league. To do so, clubs must send all the documents related to the transfer, such as: What deals could be done? A host of clubs from across the Premier League are believed to be hoping to conclude their transfer business tomorrow. The most eye-catching of these could be Chelsea’s late move to sign Benfica midfielder Enzo Fernandez with the Blues reportedly offering £115million for his services, an English transfer record. Other teams are also expected to be busy as Tottenham seek to salvage their deal for Pedro Porro while Newcastle, Leeds and Everton are also expected to be active on deadline day.