As temperatures begin to plummet once more, many drivers will be left with car windows misting over. Thankfully, there are nifty tips and tricks to help combat this issue.   They use household items, so they can be done on a budget. Visibility is paramount when using your car. If you do not ensure your car is de-misted and de-frosted before setting off, you could face a £1,000 fine and three points on your license.  MyLondon's Lexi Iles has tested out some popular methods to de-mist your windscreen quickly. Here is how she got on:  "So this is only really a household item you'll have lying around if you have a cat, but this one was so effective that I advise everyone to go out and grab a bag of their own, even if you are sans cat. "Grab an old pair of tights or thin socks that you don't mind spoiling and fill it with clean (otherwise that's just gross) cat litter. "Then tie them at the top so nothing spills out and place it under your front and back window. "This trick was so effective that I left my car for 10 minutes and by the time I returned the windscreens were clear as day. "The cat litter works by absorbing the moisture in the air. "Plus you can leave these stockings of litter in the car and plus them back in place after you finish your drive to ensure you don't get into a misty car. "I used an old pair of tights, less than 30 dernier, cut them in two and put one leg in either side of the car." "This is an age old trick that motorists swear by. "Take your standard washing up liquid and smear it onto the inside your windscreen using a clean cloth. "Make sure you buff it right out so that you have have a semi clear windscreen which will then dry into something glistening. "Some believe this trick works simply because you're clearing dirt from your window that moisture clings to. "But however it works, it helps stop the warm air settle on your cold surface of the windscreen. "I took my nearly finished Fairy Liquid Original to the car and generously threw some on the windscreen. "I then used a microfibre cloth to rub it in and it quickly appeared to absorb and leave a nice sheen to the glass. "When I returned an hour later, my window was mist-less." "This one is a lesser known trick than the others, but I was pleasantly surprised by its effectiveness. "I popped to the shops and bought the cheapest foam I could find, Gillette soothing shave foam was on offer for £1.50 so I grabbed a bottle and headed home. "As I sprayed the foam over the back windscreen I thought my neighbours must think I'm getting revenge on an exes car as I used my bare hands to smear the window. "After which I grabbed a clean cloth to wipe away the excess. "Again, much like the washing up liquid, the foam left a lovely sheen on the window. "Upon my return an hour later the windows had remained de-misted. "The only downside is I can't get rid of the smell of the foam on my hands." "This trick has been recommended to home owners for reducing condensation by their windows but it can also be used in cars. "Much like the cat litter, using salt works in the same way. "It will absorb any excess moisture in the air for you and thus reducing the mist on your wind screen. "I kept the salt in the pot it arrived in and took off the lid before putting it under the window, on the inside. "It seemed to work well in keeping the windows clear but it worked slower than the cat litter, so out of the two I would rank the cat little supreme. "The most surprising of all the hacks was the cat litter. "Although it makes sense that it would absorb the moisture in the air, the speed with which it did it made me audibly gasp. "The shaving foam was the second most surprising, but this was partly down to the incredibly unnatural feeling of rubbing a thick white substance over the window, making visibility even worse, before it got better. "As for the fairy liquid, it is easy to see why this is such a popular method. "The majority of houses will have a bottle of the soap lying around and a little goes a long way, ideal when trying to keep costs down. "And finally, coarse salt is effective but a little messy to carry out.