The Duke of Sussex has been accused of passing the "blame game" down to his children and painting a "one-sided" view of his family following his explosive allegations against the Royal Family in recent months. Performance coach and author of 'The Blame Game' Denis Liam Murphy said Prince Harry is giving his children, Archie, 3 and Lilibet, one, a "masterclass" in becoming "expert blamers" but they could "take this baton even earlier than he did" as a result and could create or mimic "more extreme experiences" than their parents. Speaking to Express.co.uk Mr Murphy said: "Harry’s children are swimming in blame at the moment. Their parents feel hard done by. "Not only by their family but by the media. They are suffering from what a lot of celebrities go through. "They have a love-hate relationship with the media. They need it and feed it, but then complain and become the victims when it gets too much. And then realise they need it again, and so on and so on. "It is an exhausting cycle that feeds their blame-based stories." Mr Murphy said his children may want to be a part of the Royal Family when they are older, but their father's views "can have a lasting impact". He added: "With that said, Harry is painting Camilla as the Cruella of the family and this can have a lasting impact on them, and their future opinions and views, with a ‘one sided’ knowledge." The author claimed Prince Harry may be trying to keep his children out of the family drama but children can "feel the anger, frustration and sadness that emanates from both parents". But Mr Murphy said the feud between the family "doesn't have to be a defining moment" for Archie and Lilibet. He added: "They have the opportunity to see the world in a very different way. At some point, they can learn to self-reflect and see how adversity can lead to great accomplishments. "They can learn how playing the victim doesn’t serve you in the long run." READ MORE: Kate and William made 'huge mistake' by skipping key European event The comment comes after the publication of Prince Harry's memoir and the release of the Duke and Duchess's Netflix docuseries in which they detail their love story, time as working royals and departure from the Royal Family. The couple made the decision to quit as senior royals in March 2020, a move dubbed 'Megxit', before they relocated to the US. Despite the allegations made, Harry claimed he has "no intention" of hurting his family. In an interview discussing his book the Duke said: "I love my father. I love my brother. I love my family. I always do. Nothing of what I've done in this book or otherwise has ever been any intention to harm them or hurt them." In his book one of the most damning allegations made was Harry accusing his brother Prince William of attacking him over his relationship with Meghan Markle. Describing the confrontation the Duke claimed William branded Meghan "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive". Harry wrote that William "grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and knocked me to the floor".  