Netflix’s new reality series Bling Empire New York follows young Asian American socialites living luxurious lives. Star Dorothy Wang revealed she was approached to feature in the original series, which she declined until relocating to New York. When Bling Empire first premiered in 2021, the show took viewers by storm as fans watched affluent fun seekers take on parties and drama in the heart of Los Angeles. The show was such a hit, bosses decided to take it across the country with a New York spin-off. Bling Empire New York fans will see a familiar face as TV personality Dorothy Wang will return to screens alongside her friends. The businesswoman first burst into the scenes in 2014 after starring on E!’s Rich Kids of Beverly Hills. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan The 34-year-old is a licensed real estate broker, has a jewellery line called Fabuluxe and champagne brand Rich and Bubbly. Dorothy is also the daughter of billionaire businessman Roger Wang who is the chairman and former chief executive officer of the Golden Eagle International Group. With her return to screens, Netflix gave fans an insight into what fans can expect. As the synopsis read: “Meet a fresh group of wealthy, sophisticated and hilarious Asian-Americans from New York City, where the quality of real estate is measured by address, not acreage.  “Conversations are direct, not coded. And competition – for love, for money, and for power – is fierce. Billionaires, CEOs, and fashion icons - it’s a city where you can be anything you want to be.” Despite already making a huge impression on the show, Dorothy revealed she was first approached to star in the original series. She shared: “I actually was planning to move to New York first, I looked at my life during Covid like ‘you’re such a loser why didn’t you move to somewhere else, you’ve only live in LA you’re whole life’. “So then I told myself after Covid I was going to move to New York.” DON'T MISS...James Bulger’s mum ’in touching distance of getting justice’ [INSIGHT] Dorothy Wang is returning for Bling Empire New York [INSIGHT]Bling Empire season 2: Dorothy Wang left ‘disappointed’ by series [INSIGHT] Dorothy explained: “They kept asking me to do Bling Empire LA and I was apprehensive about it. “Just because I felt like everyone has already seen me run around LA and Beverly Hills with my friends. “It just felt really redundant to me and it didn’t feel authentic for me this cast of people just because we all look similar … it doesn’t make sense.” She continued: “I politely declined a couple of times and finally one day I said ‘I can’t film the show in LA because I’m moving to New York.’ “Then when I said that, their faces lit up like ‘you’re moving to New York?’ “‘We’re thinking of building a franchise in New York, you can lead it and you can introduce us to your real-life friends, have a hand on who’s involved.” “So then that, I suddenly became interested in,” Dorothy said on In The Know podcast. Dorothy stars in Bling Empire New York alongside Tina Leung, Blake Abbie, Stephen Hung, Deborah Hung, Richard Chan and Lynn Ban.  Bling Empire New York is available on Netflix. 