Mrs Hinch is a cleaning influencer with over four million followers on Instagram. She rocketed to fame thanks to her sharing of cleaning tips and tricks with fans. These fans have, in turn, created Facebook pages where they share their own cleaning hacks with one another. On one such page, with over 100,000 members, one cleaning enthusiast wanted to know which retailer is best for fluffy towels. Claire Davies wrote: "Best place to buy good quality fluffy towels that stay nice?" The post was inundated with comments in minutes as other Mrs Hinch fans recommended various shops. But they also advised how to care for one's towel after purchasing it - no matter where the towel is from, there are ways to keep it fluffy for a long time. Ruth Everall said: "Christie towels are the best you can buy. Have some 20 years old still good as new. Don’t use any soap to wash them use soda crystals or white vinegar add a bit of Zoflora. Buy wise…buy once." To wash these towels, Lesley Helm recommended using vinegar. She wrote: "White vinegar, a capful in the place where u usually put fabric conditioner, 40 degrees." READ MORE: ‘Only’ solution to ‘fully’ remove condensation and damp from your home Sammy Grossman also recommended vinegar for washing towels. She said: "I buy mine from B&M don’t use softener on towels, use vinegar and bicarbonate of soda in the drum, extra rinse and shake - comes out lovely." Dunelm was another popular shop among commenters. Nicole Line wrote: "Dunelm - best I ever brought. They were an investment but so worth it - big heavy duty soft towels." Becs Jane agreed. She commented: "Dunelm - their Hotel Collection. You pay more for them but they are so thick and soft." DON'T MISS:Lee Mack’s quiet life with his wife Tara in charming Surrey town [INSIGHT]‘Worst’ home improvement for adding property value - ‘don't do it’ [EXPERT]Banish ‘hard to remove’ tea cup stains with ‘no scrubbing’ [TIPS] Kaye Shelley said: "Dunelm or Sainsbury’s - had mine years. They wash and keep lovely." Kelly Burgess recommended: "Primary or Asda - no softener." Michelle Holmes wrote: "Asda. Egyptian cotton £10 for a bath towel." Helen Pearson recommended Marks and Spencer, saying: "I had some from M&S - lasted 20 years and now doggo towels."[sic] Leanne Tyreman-Guest wrote: "Matalan, good price, thick and cosy!" Roseanna Barnard commented: "I’ve found Primark are good! Don’t use fabric conditioner." Angela Cooper said: "John Lewis, apparently their everyday range (I think that’s what it’s called) is very good." Nicola Richards shared: "Well I never thought I’d say it and I only went there for mine as we had the best ever towels staying away in a B&B last year so I looked at the label and was amazed they were Primark. Usually I only get towels from M&S but never again. Primark deffo do the best towels."[sic] Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Jude Chalmers said: "John Lewis, without a doubt, and there's a sale on now." Maria Langley wrote: "Marks and Spencer. Got some lovely ones in the sale this week. They have Autograph ones on offer too." Trisha Tansell, like many of the commenters, recommended Dunelm, calling the towels from the shop "lovely, soft, and fluffy". Raelee Fleming added: "Dunelm - mine are still nice and fluffy and they are easily 20 years old if not more."