In the post, the former This Morning presenter, 65, wished her 128.7k followers a good morning, then asked them how they were navigating the bumps in the road. She tweeted: “Good morning, how are you negotiating today’s bumps in the road? "Being battered by life is exhausting but together we’ll survive it." It comes after her ex-husband Phil Vickery discussed their high-profile split, admitting he is "loving single life" after they called time on their marriage in 2020. Friends and fans quickly flocked to her page to offer support. One follower wrote: “I had to drive an hour to get my 16 yo back to College for her first day because there were no trains then work the day and leave early to pick her up again. READ MORE: Strictly tension as Hamza 'unfollows Giovanni amid dates with Jowita'  "My 18yo is now going back to Uni in Canterbury on Sunday, 5 days early because of the train strikes. I’m not impressed.” While another added: “ I’m trying to ignore the pre-work anxiety (nurse) that I get before every shift and doing a bit of watercolor painting, makes me forget it all for a while!” While a third concerned fan tweeted: “Hope your OK fern x” To which the TV favourite replied: “Thank you! I’m good xx” The supportive post comes after Fern revealed that she has been suffering crippling bouts of pain after being diagnosed with Arthritis. Speaking to Women and Home, she revealed she is on a waiting list for a surgeon to sort it out. She said: "I've got arthritis settling in everywhere. My knee is really bad and so is my shoulder.” "It's very boring when your body starts to be in pain all the time." DON'T MISS: Paddy McGuinness branded unrecognisable by fans amid surgery rumoursDan Walker left 'struggling' over Harry and William rowStranger Things' Noah Schnapp comes out as gay after years 'in closet Arthritis is a painful illness that millions of people suffer from in the UK. The condition comes in various types, affecting the body in different ways. Fern also hit the headlines when she paid an emotional tribute to her mother in the Channel 5 TV series There is No Place Like Home. Revisiting her home in Chalfont St Peter, Fern broke down as she described her early years with her mother Ruth. "My mother was, as you could imagine, everything. She was mother and father to me which is why I can tell you lots of stories about her." As she walked around her childhood home she spoke of her family and then home life. She said: “I didn't know what was going on in the family at that stage. "I just knew that it was me and my mum and my sister here and that my father didn't live here. "It was odd. In those days, people didn't tell you things."