 Ursula von der Leyen could lose her position as EU Commission President to European Parliament President Roberta Metsola at the next European elections, Manfred Weber has hinted. Speaking to the Berliner Morgenpost, EPP leader Manfred Weber hinted Mrs von der Leyen could be replaced with her counterpart in the European Parliament, as he claimed both women are well positioned to run. He said: “Ursula von der Leyen declared a few days ago that she has not yet decided whether she will stand for a second term as Commission president. All options are on the table. “The EPP is well positioned with two very capable women in top positions. Ursula von der Leyen and Roberta Metsola are convincing personalities with different profiles. Both would be excellent top candidates.” But lamenting how the election panned out when Mrs von der Leyen was chosen as leader, Mr Weber said it was a "defeat for democracy" that the Spitzenkandidat process was not followed and Emmanuel Macron's preferential candidate was chosen instead. Speaking to Politico on Thursday, Mr Weber also launched a scathing warning over a looming migration crisis for the bloc. He said the EU is "sleepwalking into a new migration crisis", calling on France and Germany to take their share of migrants increasingly crossing the bloc's borders. EU capitals are pushing for a tougher stance on migration and more support from Brussels on how to deal with a surge in irregular migration. He said: “We are sleepwalking into a new migration crisis. The reception capacities for migrants via the Balkan and Mediterranean routes are exhausted.  READ MORE: France could yield to Ukraine's demands for fighter jets  “Since the EU failed to adopt a comprehensive policy after the last migration crisis in 2015, the issue has become taboo. It is now coming back with a vengeance.” Lashing out at France and Germany over their reluctance to accept more migrants and help put Mediterranean border countries, he added: “We need a code of conduct for NGOs active in search and rescue. "Also, countries like France and Germany who financially support this should take more responsibility for solving the massive migration challenge in the south of Europe.” Some member states are also calling for stricter and higher fences to be built on the border between Bulgaria and Turkey. Austrian Chancellor Karl Nehammer has called for the EU to finance the €2 billion plan. DON'T MISS:Canada follows Biden's lead and pledges tanks to Kyiv [LIVE BLOG]Putin 'ordered' downing of Flight MH17 after telling Xi 'leave to me' [INSIGHT]Four arrested after student, 19, 'raped then dumped and run over' [VIDEO] Commenting on the proposal, Mr Weber added: “Nobody likes to build fences, but where it is necessary, it must be done. “The EU Commission must give up its resistance to providing EU funds for this. This has been discussed for a long time … We expect the Commission to move on this.” A senior EU diplomat also told Politico: “Our view is that we don’t see why what is allowed through [a] national budget would be forbidden through [the] EU budget. “If you look at legislation, it’s possible to do it.”