Speaking of the now infamous row between the two Duchess’s, Prince Harry lashed out and told Mr Bradby to speak to Prince William and Kate about the true story. Harry told the interviewer that his brother and sister-in law didn’t get on with Meghan Markle “from the get-go”.  Mr Bradby focused on the alleged issues between Kate and Meghan and asked if it was correct that the two women “just don’t get on” and that this was true from the “get go”. The Prince replied “year fair” and noted how the British press “created” the image of the “fab four” which he says “very quickly it became Meghan versus Kate”. He added: “And that, when it plays out so publicly, you can’t hide from that, right?” Speaking of the bridesmaid’s story, he noted that there have now been “25 versions” where it was reported that Meghan made Kate cry around the time of Harry’s wedding.  In an attempt to clarify the situation, Harry noted that Kate made Meghan cry and late came over to apologise and told Bradby to “ask them”, his brother and sister-in-law about the situation. In what Bradby called the “wretched” report of the bridesmaid row, he questioned why the story was never corrected by the Palace. He said, “your version of it in this book is it was the other way around, Meghan was the one left in tears. “Kate came around the next day with flowers to apologise, and you were careful to say there’s a witness. And what was that all about?” The prince replied: “What I still, to this day, don’t know is, at what point was it twisted or flipped?” READ MORE: Harry finally admits Royals aren't racist despite Archie comments  Mr Bradby pushed Harry, saying: “But why wasn’t it corrected? It wouldn’t have been a hard thing to do.” “That’s a question for them. They were more than happy to put out statements for less volatile things,” Harry replied. He added: “My understanding is the reason they didn’t want to come out and say it wasn’t true would therefore lead to, well if it wasn’t that, was it the other way around?” The initial story was that the Princess of Wales “burst into tears” after the bride-to-be “compared Princess Charlotte unfavourably to her best friend Jessica Mulroney’s daughter” and “wouldn’t change [Charlotte’s] dress to fit”. Royal biographer Tom Bower made the claims in his book ‘Revenge’ and noted that sources told him Kate and Meghan disagreed on the length and fit of the bridesmaid dress and if the girls should wear tights. Other sources told The Daily Telegraph that following the dress fitting, the Duchess of Cambridge was left crying. DON'T MISS:UK public have lost trust in Prince Harry, new poll shows (POLL)Nearly 50% of people think Sunak will NOT survive the year  (ANALYSIS)Sunak warned immigration will be ‘make or break’ at next election (REVEAL) “Kate had only just given birth to Prince Louis and was feeling quite emotional,” one source claimed. Meanwhile, in the bombshell Oprah Winfrey interview, the Duchess of Sussex told her side of the story, that “the reverse happened”. She said: “She [Kate] was upset about something, but she owned it, and she apologised. And she brought me flowers. “A few days before the wedding, she was upset about something pertaining – yes, the issue was correct – about flower girl dresses, and it made me cry, and it really hurt my feelings.” She added: “What was hard to get over was being blamed for something that not only I didn’t do but that happened to me.” Prince Harry’s second interview with CBS’s Anderson Cooper will air in the United States at 7pm ET (12am GMT). Express.co.uk has contacted Buckingham Palace for comment.