Coronation Street's Hope Stape (Isabella Flanagan) has been growing more curious about her murderous father John across recent episodes. However, as a new pet is welcomed into the home, viewers predict a deadly end.  During Wednesday night’s instalment of Coronation Street, fans saw Tyrone Dobbs ( Alan Halsall) and Fiz Brown ( Jennie McAlpine) try and deal with Hope’s ongoing obsession with her dead father. Speaking to Chesney Brown (Sam Aston) about their concerns at the Rovers Return, he mentioned how his old pet dog helped him through some pretty tough times. Sparking an idea, Tyrone decided he would get Hope a pet to try and distract her from wanting to know more about her dad John. Although Fiz gave strict instructions to get something small like a fish, her new husband surprised her with a Chinchilla called Cilla.  READ MORE: Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz However, after seeing the newest addition join the family, it wasn’t long before viewers took to Twitter to express their the animal. Mrsjhutch28 said: “I am worried for that chinchilla, Hope better not harm it !!!!” Malcolm_alison added: “I reckon Hope will kill the chinchilla” CarlPrescott6 commented: “#Corrie can't see that chinchilla surviving very long with hope!"    Twitter user I _am_KenBarlow said: “I give that chinchilla 3 months at most with Hope.” Greg_Phillips_ tweeted: “Hope will have that chinchilla in the oven before next week” With soph_cheekbones saying: “How long before Hope tortures and kills this poor chinchilla?” In scenes earlier this week, Hope confided in her friend Sam Blakeman (Jude Riordan) that she listens to the cassette of her dad speaking to get to know him better. DON'T MISS... Vera’s Brenda Blethyn addresses backlash over wait for new episodes [INSIGHT] Coronation Street's Stephen Reid humiliated after his lie is exposed [SOAP] Dancing On Ice backlash as Ekin-Su's performance hit with complaints [REACTION]   Ever since the book about her serial killer dad was released, viewers have watched the child become somewhat obsessed with him which is sparking fear she’ll follow in his footsteps. Last year, the child was seen threatening two older children with a hammer she stole from Tyrone’s toolbox after she heard them calling her a “nut job”. The 12-year-old was also seen joining a chat called ‘Legacy of Evil’ and even tried to communicate with him from the other side by holding a seance. Speaking about Hope’s storylines for the upcoming year, Coronation Street boss Iain MacLeod revealed her need to know more about John starts to get toxic.  He said: “She becomes slightly obsessed in a way that causes problems for Fiz and Tyrone. “Their troubles are behind them but as a parent, your troubles are never entirely behind you! ‘There will be some difficulty parenting Hope going forward. Without giving too much away, Hope’s behaviour ends up in a fairly acrimonious feud with an adult neighbour that involves a chinchilla.” Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV. 