Many people will be hoping to get the highest amount of state pension possible, to help with the cost of retirement. However, for some, a National Insurance record may not currently reflect what is needed for a full state pension.  Under current rules, Britons usually must have at least 35 years of qualifying NI contributions for a full new state pension. Some may get less if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. A Government scheme allows people to fill historic gaps in their National Insurance record - however, Britons have less than three months to take advantage before the opportunity is gone for good. Investing in a state pension top-up can generate a “better return” than almost any other way of using savings, experts have said. READ MORE: Interest rates on late payment to rise today According to Lane, Clark, Peacock, someone with 10 missing years could pay out a little over £8,000 to fix the gaps - but see a boost of £55,000, before tax, in state pension over a typical 20 year retirement. Normal rules typically only allow Britons to fill gaps in their NI record up to six years after the year in question. After this point, the year would become a permanent gap in one’s NI record and potentially impact their ability to build up a full state pension by retirement age. It means at present, 2016/17 would usually be the oldest year which could be filled up in 2022/23. DON'T MISSPotential state pension age rise worries sick and injured workers [ANALYSIS]Rishi Sunak’s plan to cut inflation won’t 'ease squeeze' [INSIGHT]State pension triple lock may not survive a year [UPDATE] But for a limited time only, some people will be able to go back further and fill gaps for any year from 2006/7 onwards. People should be aware the concession only applies to those who come under the new state pension system. It will last until April 5, 2023, so for those who wish to take advantage, acting sooner rather than later will be key. If a person is thinking of topping up their state pension for earlier years, they will need to check with the Future Pension Centre. READ MORE: Mum-of-one to save £600 this month with ‘no spend January’ This is because the Government warns there are some situations in which paying historic contributions would not boost a state pension at all. An example might be for those who fall short of a full state pension due to being contracted out. Sir Steve Webb, LCP partner and former pensions minister, said: “For many people, paying voluntary NI contributions can be great value for money and can help them boost their state pension in a cost-effective way. “For people with gaps in their NI record going back more than six years, the window to fill those gaps will soon close. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Some people have gaping holes in their NI record and this will be the last chance to fill them. “Although topping up is not the right answer for everyone, and people should always check with DWP before handing over any money. “For some people this could be by far the best rate of return they could get on any spare capital. “Missing out could cost some workers thousands of pounds.”