Priya’s (played by Fiona Wade) exit from Emmerdale village certainly hasn’t been a smooth one. First off, Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi) was furious when she learned Priya had accepted the London job she was hoping to take. The pair fell out but that wasn’t the end of the drama as David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden) decided to kidnap Amba to stop the move. Friday night’s instalment saw David apologise to Priya for trying to run off with Amba and stop her move to London. He accepted London wasn’t too far away and he could visit Amba as much as he wanted once they were settled into their new home. David was tearful as he waved goodbye to Amba and Priya as they drove out the village. His emotional reaction and distress at being separated from Amba has led fans to speculate he will follow them to London. READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row David has a few ties to the village but with change in his family, it could be time for him to leave.  David’s youngest son Theo’s mother Maya Stepney (Louisa Clein) is no longer around, and he has had to put his shop up for sale. It would therefore make it the perfect time for David to embrace a new challenge and join Priya and Amba in the capital. Taking to Twitter to theorise what’s next for David, Pete Leo tweeted: “I'm calling it david will leave the village by the autumn he's got nothing left like ian beale #eastenders would say #emmerdale.” The Lanarkshire Lad posted: “David is turning into a really pathetic character. Time to go! #emmerdale.” TeaTattle commented: “Should’ve been dimwit Dave going not Priya #Emmerdale.” David’s exit from Emmerdale has not been teased but he could take a few short breaks from the soap to spend time with the pair in London. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale feud as two beloved couples go to war with one another  [SPOILER]Emmerdale’s Charley Webb in warning after dreading medical appointment [LATEST]3 big Emmerdale spoilers as lovers reunite and blackmail rocks village [SPOILER] It comes after Fiona explained why she had decided to call it quits on her role as Priya. She explained: “I have been at Emmerdale for 11 years and it was one of the hardest decisions I’ve had to make. “Leaving my Emmerdale family is a big thing and it wasn’t easy filming my last scenes. “When you’ve been somewhere for that long and that’s your every day, it’s hard and feels sad. But as every actor knows, you need to challenge yourself and that’s very important too.” Speaking about her time on Emmerdale, Fiona gushed: “It’s a gift of a job! There are so many blessings that come your way when you’re in a show like Emmerdale. “To be given a character that you can make yours, to have fantastic writers that enable you to grow in this amazing character. “Plus, the friends you make and the experiences you have is invaluable.” Emmerdale airs weeknights on ITV at 7.30pm.