Britain’s biggest police force has joined the hunt for a mother and newborn after a new sighting in London. Aristocrat Constance Marten and her partner Mark Gordon were last sighted on January 7 at East Ham station in Newham, east London, between 11.45am and 12.30pm. Ms Marten can be seen in CCTV footage wearing an oversize red puffer jacket and a red scarf wrapped around her face, with Mr Gordon wearing blue jeans, a navy hoodie and a navy and green jacket with a fluorescent flash on the collar. Police have said 35-year-old Ms Marten has “very recently” given birth, adding that "neither she nor the baby have been assessed by medical professionals". It has been reported Ms Marten is from an landowning aristocratic family from Dorset with links to the Royal Family. Detectives from the Metropolitan Police have taken over the investigation into the whereabouts into the adults and child and are making "urgent enquiries" to find them. The couple were initially travelling in a vehicle that was found broken down near junction four - Farnworth, Bolton - of the M61 on January 5, police said. A missing persons investigation was launched by Greater Manchester Police after the vehicle was found but no occupants were present. The Met said that detectives from Essex Police established the trio took a taxi from Harwich to East Ham station on January 7. They are believed to have left their vehicle at Bolton, travelled to Liverpool and then to Harwich, and there were also confirmed sightings of them in Colchester. READ MORE: Woman killed by dogs in horror surrey attack Detective Superintendent Lewis Basford made a direct plea to the couple to make contact with officers and said there are a number of officers "carrying out urgent enquiries to find Constance, Mark and their baby". He said: "Constance and Mark, I appeal directly to you, please think of your baby's health and wellbeing, and get in touch with us so we can ensure your child is medically well and has no underlying issues. "Please do this for your child. You wouldn't be able to forgive yourself if they became poorly. All we want to do is help you and your baby." He also appealed to members of the public who might have seen the trio to contact police. He said: "This is a fast-moving investigation and we have a number of officers from across the Met carrying out urgent enquiries to find Constance, Mark and their baby. "The help from members of the public has been invaluable over the past week and I would appeal to anyone who believes they have seen Constance, Mark or their newborn baby - either in London or further afield - to contact us without delay. Together we can ensure they and their newborn baby are safe and well." Anyone with information can call 020 7175 0785 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.