Painting is just one way homeowners can put their own stamp onto a property, and it is usually a lot cheaper than other home improvements. While choosing a paint colour should all be about preference, experts have shared certain colours which Britons should be “cautious” of this time of year. Chris Harvey from Stelrad, explained: “As soon as we walk into a room, the colour can affect our mood without us even noticing. Certain shades can trigger feelings of warmth and comfort, something which we all need as we battle our way through January and get back into a routine after the Christmas period. “The way colours affect our emotions largely depends on the colour’s brightness, shade, tint or tone (e.g. whether it’s a warm or cool colour). “So if you are repainting your home this January, opt for colours that can help brighten your room and create a sense of warmth. “Avoid colours like grey or even cooler colours like pale lilac or blue. With the darker days, you’ll want to lighten up your home with warm colours such as red, orange or yellow. READ MORE: Steps to prepare walls for priming to achieve a ‘professional’ finish “But be warned… too much of these colours can signal danger and might create the opposite of your desired effect. “You could look at using neutral tones, like brown, tan or taupe to create the ultimate cosy and comforting room colour. “You could also add a few mustard-yellow or muted olive colours into the mix as well. Earthy tones are a great way to enhance a space and make it a more inviting atmosphere.” According to the expert, this paint colour should come as no surprise, as it brings feelings of sadness and could make you feel “unmotivated” when it’s still dark outside. DON'T MISS:Four ‘clever’ methods to ‘boost’ your home’s value [COMMENT]Brilliant ‘homemade fox repellent’ to keep animals out of your garden [INSIGHT]‘Best’ product to clean oven racks without ‘scrubbing' [EXPLAINER] If you would like to add black to a room however, you could always focus on a door frame, shelving or even a window frame. The pro said: “Use it sparingly to help make features in your room pop rather than swallowing up the space in a black hole.” Chris explained: “This is a tricky colour as it can be calming and soothing, but can also stress you out if you go for an overly cool or dark blue. “It might make the room feel chilly if you get the wrong shade, especially if your room lacks natural light. Make sure to use warm hues in your accents to help balance out this chilly effect.” Grey has been a trendy colour in homes for a number of years and is often added into the home in the form of paint as well as soft furnishings. READ MORE: Four bathroom decor choices to avoid - can look ‘cheap’ and ‘messy’ However, the property pro said: “Now is the time to ditch the grey and bring a different colour into your home that is likely to inspire you. “Grey might be known for being classy but it lacks the vibrancy that you might be missing out on during the saddest month of the year.” Homeowners need to be careful when picking the colour green for their walls, as the wrong shade can make you feel “lazy”, according to the expert. However, green is a popular wall colour and certain shades can bring warmth into the home. Focus on those earthy and natural-looking colours, but be sure not to use too little green as this can cause feelings of “rejection”. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Chris continued: “This calming and comforting colour might surprise people, as it is a popular hue used in people’s bedrooms as well as bathrooms as it makes you want to relax, potentially an unpopular choice to motivate you. “It lacks the warmth needed when it’s still dark outside and might make your home feel cold if your home lacks appropriate furnishings and complementary colours, such as orange or yellow for a contrasting look.” Whilst brown and beige can be a good neutral colour, too much of it can be a mistake, creating a sense of emptiness in the home. The expert recommended adding different colours to help balance out the room correctly when choosing a brown paint colour. Opt for white walls and brown furniture instead, and add a nice mirror on the wall to help reflect the natural light.