A chemical spill at a major hospital has triggered a "chaotic" evacuation with several fire crews arriving on site to clean up and decontaminate the maternity ward. One eyewitness who saw Watford General Hospital being evacuated described the scenes of chaos as pregnant women were evacuated, including those in labour.  Adam Tungatt, a 31-year-old Watford pub quiz host who "lives around the corner" from the hospital, told Express.co.uk: "Anyone in the immediate part of the maternity unit was made to leave and they weren't letting anyone in. "It was all abit chaotic to be honest. The security team didn't really know what was going on but the fire brigade were trying to evacuate the immediate area and facilities but there were staff inside who didn't realise people weren't being let into the building." Herts Fire and Rescue Service has confirmed it was called to a reported chemical spill in the hospital's maternity unit at 10.35am this morning (January 26). According to Mr Tungatt they were still working on it by 12.50pm. He explained that "emergency women" in labour were let back into the building around 45 minutes after the evacuation. He added: "We saw one woman who seemed like she was in labour that wasn't beeing let in either. "By the time we left there they were letting in emergencies only."  West Hertfordshire Hospitals NHS Trust said despite an evacuation, it had not been necessary to evacuate patients. The trust said there was no disruption to the emergency department (A&E), which remained open. It urged women in labour or needing urgent care to "arrive as usual" following the situation. The hospital said in a statement: "The incident was caused by the accidental spillage of cleaning fluids. Some people were treated for the effects in our emergency department. "It has not been necessary to evacuate patients and there is no disruption to the emergency department (A&E) which remains open. "Women in labour or requiring urgent care should still arrive as usual where they will be escorted into the Women’s and Children’s building. "If you have a maternity, paediatric or ophthalmology appointment this afternoon, please assume it is going ahead but be prepared for a delay to your appointment time." Herts Fire and Rescue Service said it was called to a reported chemical spill in the hospital's maternity unit at 10.35am this morning. It sent three fire engines as well as a decontamination unit after the fumes reportedly "caused some problems for staff". The areas of the hospital surrounding the maternity ward were evacuated by the emergency services. A video from the scene, recorded by Mr Tungatt has been circulating around social media depicting the evacuated hospital.  It shows fire trucks and other emergency vehicles blocking off a road running alongside the hospital. Hertfordshire Constabulary has confirmed that it sent officers to the scene but that the response is being led by the local fire service.