Manchester United fans have been told to keep an eye out for the 'scouse Lionel Messi' in their academy after a video of Shea Lacey running rings around opponents gained traction on social media. Lacey's older brother, Paddy, enjoyed a career in professional football before crossing over into boxing. Supporters were given plenty to get excited about after footage was posted of 15-year-old Shea Lacey dancing through challenges before finishing off a terrific solo goal. The youngster took matters into his own hands during a futsal-style match and sat the goalkeeper down before scooping the ball into the net. The clip was shared by Paddy, 29, who wrote on Twitter: "Shea's celebration is no celebration. Just another day in the life of the scouse [Lionel] Messi." The youngster could certainly be one to watch out for as a member of the England U16s and with an appearance well above his age group for United's U18s this campaign. Preferring to play in attacking midfield, Lacey still has years to push into United's first team and work towards fulfilling the daunting title of 'scouse Messi'. DON'T MISS: Liverpool can accomplish Torres transfer repeat with Josko Gvardiol Older brother Paddy Lacey has put together a stop-start football career of his own, coming through the ranks with Sheffield Wednesday and Bradford City before three fruitful years at Barrow. He was forced to change direction in 2017, however, after being handed a 14-month ban by the FA for taking cocaine. Lacey admitted to breaching anti-doping rules and tested positive for Benzoylecgonine after a game against Hartlepool that year before, being found with cocaine, MDMA and counterfeit £20 notes at Glastonbury festival and being sentenced to 16 months in prison. READ MORE...Tottenham face transfer dilemma as duo divide opinion in FA Cup winArsenal and Chelsea offered Evan Ndicka but hidden cost threatens dealBoreham Wood FC confuse FA Cup fans as they plot magical run The 29-year-old was released after serving five months and, following a lengthy recovery from a catastrophic knee injury, he reignited a career in semi-professional football and crossed over into the world of boxing. The Liverpool-born midfielder now plays for Warrington Rylands and moved his boxing record to 7-0 in September last year. Last time out Lacey, who fights at super-middleweight, extended his flawless run at the M&S Bank Arena in his hometown, fighting on the undercard of Liam Smith's crunch bout with Hassan Mwakinyo. Complications meant his fight was moved to after the main event but plenty of locals stuck around to see the former footballer in action.  Curtis Woodhouse is one of the most successful examples of ditching professional football for pro boxing, having played in the Premier League and won a British title at light-welterweight. The former midfielder made a handful of top-flight appearances for Birmingham City but retired at the age of 32 having slid down into non-league, before putting together an accomplished boxing resume of 24 wins and seven defeats which included fights against Frankie Gavin and Darren Hamilton.