Jamie Dutton (played by Wes Bentley) has sparked an all-out war with John (Kevin Costner), Beth (Kelly Reilly) and the rest of the Yellowstone Ranch after his plans to impeach his adoptive father from his Governor role came to fruition. With the menacing presence of Sarah Atwood (Dawn Olivieri) in his ear, Jamie has even toyed with killing off John in the second half of the Paramount drama’s fifth season, although Beth is plotting a similarly deadly plan to put an end to Jamie’s ploy. While Jamie’s bridges with the majority of the Duttons appear to have been burned way before his impeachment plans, there is one man who’s often sympathised with him. Kayce Dutton (Luke Grimes) has several times consoled and confided in Jamie, even telling him he better call him his brother “till the day you die”. Fans are yet to see how exactly Kayce will react to Jamie’s plot to oust John from office, however, with it now possible this could be the last straw given Kayce’s newfound importance to keeping the ranch afloat. Jamie star Bentley has now addressed where Kayce’s loyalty will lie in the tug of war between John and his adoptive son - and he’s under no illusion getting on side would be “tricky”. READ MORE: 1923 fans vent fury as Yellowstone prequel heads on hiatus after just 4 episodes “It’s a tricky one with Kayce,” Bentley said. “At this point, Jamie is seeing who is a piece in the game and who can be used. He’s trying to survive now. “Kayce’s not going to provide (cover), and he’s not necessarily a person Jamie can use to gain what he needs to gain. So I think he has hopes that Kayce’s not in the middle by the end of all of it and that somehow he’s clear of it.” Bentley added to TVLine: “Kayce could also be a challenge to Jamie’s desire to be the one who has the ranch for his son.” After all, John had time and time again reiterated the importance of keeping the ranch in the family and giving Kayce’s son Tate (Brecken Merrill) the reins one day. But Bentley acknowledged that Jamie told Beth he’s also “looking out” for Tate rather than acting selfishly for his own son. “So there is the suggestion that he is considering them [Kayce, Tate and Monica],” Bentley added. “But who knows if that’s a game Jamie is playing or if he still sees Kayce and Tate as a part of his life?” Despite their bond, it seems Bentley is open to the idea that Kayce could be used as a pawn in his match against John. This would undoubtedly hit Kayce hard who has time and time again proved himself a loyal and honourable figure in the Yellowstone universe. DON'T MISS:Martin Compston 'set on fire' after refusing stunt double in The Rig [INTERVIEW]Horrifying moment Canadian News reporter has health emergency on air [VIDEO]My 600lb Life’s Brittani Fulfer unrecognisable after weight loss [PICTURES] Costner has also spoken out about the clash of John and Jamie when Yellowstone season five returns. And speaking on Paramount’s Behind the Story, Costner hinted Jamie may not get things exactly the way he wants. “Politics is not very healthy,” Costner said of the ongoing impeachment plot. “You go into it as a public service moment but you’re quickly turned into knots.” Referring to Jamie’s actions, he added: “Plotting against somebody that raised you… There’s something at play there that it’s not really always comfortable to watch. “They know a lot about each other, Jamie has his fingerprints on a lot.” And Costner even went as far as to hint John could kill Jamie as he mentioned” “It’s a deadly game that’s being played. “And I think Jamie, in his most certain of moments, should be really uncertain,” the actor added - but will John emerge victorious over his scheming adoptive son? Yellowstone season 5 returns to Paramount Network in the USA and Paramount+ in the UK in the summer of 2023.