The Masked Singer returned to ITV on Saturday night with viewers desperate to unmask another act as the competition continues to heat up. Fans have been scratching their heads while trying to figure out the identity of Phoenix, but some are convinced it's Kaiser Chiefs' lead singer Ricky Wilson. For Phoenix's videotape, they were standing in a castle and explaining how hot they were in a posh English accent. Kasabian's Fire played as the character said they had risen from the ashes and “reincarnated”. The unknown character also said they were good with "mysteries" before they performed Loco in Acapulco by The Four Tops on stage with an American accent. Some fans were left believing indie rock band frontman Ricky Wilson was behind the mask. READ MORE: BBC News' Joanna Gosling speaks out after quitting ahead of merger Liam said in light of his Twitter followers: "Ricky Wilson is Phoenix I tell you now #MaskedSinger." Chris Holliday penned: "Oh my God I can't believe it... It's Ricky Wilson as the Phoenix. He is trying to hide his voice." Hannah Elizabeth shared: "Phoenix is Ricky Wilson. One of their albums had a stick of rock on the cover, they're named after a football team, and I'm fairly sure he was in War of the Worlds at one point #MaskedSingerUK." Other fans had different suggestions about Phoenix's identity during the latest episode.  PG suggested: "Could Phoenix be Shane Ritchie? #TheMaskedSinger." Meanwhile, Scott McCall shared with conviction: "Phoenix is Seth Macfarlane #TheMaskedSinger." Harry Potter fan Jess noted: "#TheMaskedSinger Random guess: as Phoenix, Daniel Radcliffe (Order of the Phoenix)?" (sic) Phoenix survived another week, with Cat and Mouse and Knitting being at risk of elimination. DON'T MISS...Davina McCall's appearance distracts The Masked Singer fans  [UPDATE]Jonathan Ross lifts lid on parent-daughter dynamic when he met wife [LATEST]The Masked Singer - Fans expose Cat and Mouse Spice Girl clue [REACTION] At the end of the episode, the show's first-ever double act Cat and Mouse were unmasked to ITV viewers. Inside the elaborate masks were Spandau Ballet star Martin Kemp and his wife Shirlie. The judging panel was left in complete shock by the reveal as Martin, 61, admitted: "I was more nervous. "I could literally hear my heart in my ears," while his wife said it was difficult to sing in a mask.  "It is just so off the wall," she added. "It’s so much harder to sing in the mask than you imagine it will be." Their famous radio presenter son Roman Kemp seemed as surprised as the judges and took to Twitter following the big reveal. He told his 299,000 followers: "Are you f*****g joking? #MaskedSingerUK. The Masked Singer continues next Saturday at 7pm on ITV. 