In the days after the Idaho murders, accused killer Bryan Kohberger was pulled over twice by police in his white Hyundai Elantra - the vehicle cops had been hunting for several weeks and had issued public appeals for information about. Kohberger was pulled over twice as he made a 2,500-mile cross-country car journey from Washington state to Pennsylvania, it has been revealed. The 28-year-old, who stands accused of killing Kaylee Goncalves, Maddie Mogen, Xana Kernodle and Ethan Chapin, drove from his student accommodation in Pullman, Washington, to his home state for Christmas. Kohberger's extradition lawyer, Jason LaBar, spoke to NBC about the traffic stops. LaBar isn't sure if a ticket was issued ... but adds: "I just know they were pulled over in Indiana almost back to back. I believe once for speeding and once for following too closely to a car in front of them." The attorney previously said Kohberger's father had gone out to meet him in Washington and they had headed home together. Express.co.uk reached out to Indiana State Police for further comment. An Indiana State Police spokesman said: "There are a number of law enforcement agencies operating in the State of Indiana and we do not have access to local records." LaBar did not immediately clarify which jurisdictions the stops happened in. An Indiana State Police spokesman told Fox News Digital on Monday that he could not find evidence of any such encounters. "We have examined records and do not find any record of any traffic stops or any interactions involving Bryan Kohberger, his father or any Kohberger," Sgt. Glen Fifield said. It raises questions of why the car was not on the state police's radar as investigators were actively trying to locate a car that matched the description of the one Kohberger was driving.  Police may have missed crucial opportunities to catch suspected Idaho quadruple murderer Bryan Kohberger earlier after allegedly pulling him over twice in the days after the killings - in the car authorities had spent weeks hunting On December 7, police said they're looking to speak with the driver of a white 2011-2013 Hyundai Elantra that was seen "in the immediate area" of the victims' house early on the day of the killings. Anyone with information on the car was asked to contact the tip line. Investigators honed in on Kohberger as the suspect through DNA evidence and by confirming his ownership of a white Hyundai Elantra seen near the crime scene, according to two law enforcement sources briefed on the investigation. Moscow police chief James Fry confirmed at a Friday press conference in Idaho that the Hyundai Elantra had been found, although said they were still searching for the murder weapon. “We are still looking for all pieces of evidence, we are still looking for the weapon and I can say that we have found an Elantra,” he told the press conference in Moscow. Investigators previously had ruled out any connection to a white Hyundai vehicle that had been found in Eugene, Oregon, as they sifted through thousands of tips about the cars.