Frank Warren has offered Anthony Joshua the chance to fight Joe Joyce and Daniel Dubois in 2023, but he is not in the plans of Tyson Fury. Joshua looked set to take on Fury in December after the pair began negotiations to finally meet in the boxing ring. A rambling saga followed though, as Fury repeatedly gave his fellow Englishman’s team contract deadlines to meet. Negotiations soon turned into a slagging match on social media, leading to talks eventually breaking down between the pair, as the Gypsy King instead fought and defeated Derek Chisora. The heavyweight division is certainly an exciting one heading into 2023, with Fury, Joshua, Joyce, Dubois, Oleksandr Usyk and Deontay Wilder all involved in the conversation. The chances of the hotly tipped Battle of Britain finally getting over the line though look less likely. Warren revealed Fury was left ‘angry’ with Joshua and his team following the breakdown, and ruled the chance of the pair meeting in 2023. He told Seconds Out: “I can’t see him [Joshua] feature in anything Tyson is doing in his next couple of fights.  “Tyson was p***ed off with what went on and the time we wasted so we are where we are with that.” Opening the door to fights with Joyce and Dubois though, Warren added: “If he wants to fight Joe Joyce or if he wants to fight Daniel Dubois we would do those in a heartbeat.” One man who his fighter Fury is keen to take on is fellow world champion Oleksandr Usyk, after the Gypsy King called out the Ukrainian following his recent win over Chisora. On the fight Warren had some good news for boxing fans, confirming negotiations were well underway between the two sides. READ MORE: Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury agreement 'quite close' as Frank Warren vows fight will happen Confirming the target for the title bout is March, the promoter said: “We have got to move very quickly because we are looking to get this on in early March. So we need to move quickly - all of us. “We are all on the same page as far as that is concerned, getting it done quickly so we can then announce it and get it on sale." 