1000-lb Sisters chronicles the lives of Amy Slaton and her sister Tammy, whose combined weight surpassed 1000lbs at the start of the show. TLC viewers will be able to check in with their progress when season four premieres later this month, although Amy’s latest social media posts have already revealed some exciting updates. Amy confirmed she has welcomed a new addition to the family in her recent YouTube post. Over Christmas, the Slatons were gifted a new dog named Daisy Mae by their ‘Elf on the Shelf’ Dobby. Amy and her husband Michael Halterman welcomed a son, Gage, during their time on the series, and their second son is currently just six months old. The Chihuahua Pomeranian mix replaces Amy’s previous dog Little Bit, who sadly died last year. READ MORE: BBC viewers slam Naga Munchetty for 'car crash' Ed Milliband grilling “Final day with Dobby!” she wrote on Facebook. “But Dobby got the boys a two-and-a-half-year-old Chihuahua Pomeranian named Daisy Mae!! “I’m sure the boys will love her as we loved Little Bit!!” She also included a note from Dobby the elf, which read: “It’s been a blast being here with you. “I will be telling Santa to put you on the nice list. See you next year. PS, please enjoy the gift.” Fans of the show were thrilled to meet the new addition to the Slaton family and took to the comments of her YouTube post to celebrate. @blackaliss9488 replied: “Wise Dobby. Every boy needs a dog. Blessed Christmas to you and your family.” @valeriemadison7450 said: “Awe, Merry Christmas Amy! And welcome to the Halterman family Daisy Mae! What a cute name, she's adorable.” “Aww! A new pup,” @sheilacirioni4676 added. “Dobby knows best!!” DON'T MISS:The Handmaid’s Tale fans fume over Tuello’s Serena blunder [BACKLASH]Outlander fans slam glaring Brianna Fraser omission [OPINION]NCIS LA season 14: Sam’s friend in peril in life-threatening mission [VIDEO] “Gage is gonna love Daisy Mae. So is everyone else. Hope you and your whole family enjoy your Christmas. MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL!!” @jillanneshif said: “So happy to see you have another dog to love. Boys are adorable! God Bless you Amy and family!” (sic) @jodyfink1924 commented: “Nice addition for the family. I know Little Bit was important to the family and now you have Daisy Mae. Great job Dobby! “See you next year. Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to the Halterman family. Hugs and love.” And @heatherboisclair480 said: “Cute dog. She looks just like Little Bit.” Fans will undoubtedly be sad to see Little Bit go but thankfully it didn’t take Amy long to introduce another furry companion to the family. Viewers will be able to check in with the Slaton family much more over the next few months, and Amy is still posting regular updates on her YouTube channel. 1000-lb Sisters season 4 will premiere on TLC in the US on Tuesday, January 17. A UK release date has yet to be announced.