Amazon Prime Video will be premiering its high-octane thriller The Rig today (January 6) with all six episodes available at one to binge. The show will be airing on the BBC at a later date and follows the crew of the Kinloch Bravo oil rig, which is stationed off the coast of Scotland in the middle of the North Sea. However, the staff is plunged into chaos when a hurricane hits with a mysterious fog descending on the rig, cutting them off from contact with the mainland and cast adrift. As they try to figure out the source of the communications breakdown, loyalties will be tested between the crew members and confront forces they never could have imagined facing. The show was filmed in Scotland with the crew building a rig with the shoot taking place in 2022. Amazon executive Georgia Brown said: “The Rig is a brilliant story, expertly told, in the most dramatic of settings. “It asks searching questions about nature and the environment, about what it takes to survive and to be human, which feels very pertinent to the world we are living in now. “We’re delighted to add this to our growing roster of UK made Amazon Original shows, all available to stream at no extra cost for Prime members around the world.” The Rig has an impressive cast to match its big story and unique setting. Magnus - Iain Glen Leading the cast is Iain Glen as Magnus who runs the rig and tries to maintain order as disaster strikes. Glen is best known for his roles in Game of Thrones, Downton Abbey, Jack Taylor, Mrs Wilson and will next be starring in Titans, The Lost Girls and Forever Dreams: A Pulp Collection. Rose - Emily Hampshire Emily Hampshire portrays Rose, who is a representative for oil company Pictor and one of the few female characters in the show. Canadian star Hampshire is most recognisable for her role as Stevie Budd in comedy Schitt’s Creek as well as parts in 12 Monkeys, Snow Cake, Chapelwaite and It’s a Boy Girl Thing. Fulmer - Martin Compston Martin Compston plays rig worked Fulmer who will be caught in the middle of the crisis. Compston is best known for Line of Duty but has also starred in ITV’s Victoria, Vigil, Traces, Our House and Mayflies. Baz - Calvin Demba Calvin Demba is Baz, who finds himself finding the situation on the Kinloch Bravo becoming increasingly perilous. Demba has appeared in Killed by My Debt, Life, Last Christmas, Kingsman: The Golden Circle and Professor T. Hutton - Owen Teale Owen Teale takes on Hutton, a stern figure on the oil rig. Teale is also known for Game of Thrones and Line of Duty as well as A Discovery of Witches, Pulse and The Last Legion. Dunlin - Richard Pepple Richard Pepple stars Dunlin with the star previously appearing in Little Women, Beasts of No Nation, Kypton and Damilola, Our Loved Boy. Alwyn - Mark Bonnar Fellow Line of Duty alumni Mark Bonnar is Alwyn and is also known for Guilt, Unforgotten and Litvinenko. DON'T MISS...Denise Welsh erupts over claims Harry trashing royals 'for money' [VIDEO]Jennie Bond blasts Prince Harry over ‘unsavoury’ allegations [INSIGHT]BBC backlash as viewers slam 'utterly pathetic' Prince Harry coverage [VIEWER REACTION] Cat - Rochenda Sandall Rochenda Sandall portrays Cat after appearing in Line of Duty, Small Axe, Broken, Doctor Who and Criminal: UK. Leck - Emun Elliott Emun Elliott is Leck following on from parts in Game of Thrones, Filth, Guilt, Trust Me and Clique. Murchison - Stuart McQuarrie Stuart McQuarrie takes on the part of Murchison after roles in Shetland, Des, Foundation, 28 Days Later and Trainspotting. Other cast members include Abraham Popoola as Easter, Molly Vevers as Heather, Mark Addy as Coake, Nikhil Parmar as Harish and Cameron Fulton as Garrow. The Rig is streaming on Amazon Prime Video now