Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has hinted he’s ready to use Marcus Rashford as a No 10 as well as a winger following his side’s 3-1 win over Everton on Friday. The Red Devils star scored for the fifth game in a row as his team emerged victorious from their FA Cup clash. And, according to his manager, the sky is the limit for the 25-year-old. Manchester United had to dig deep to see off Everton, with the Toffees putting up a fight as they looked to save manager Frank Lampard from the sack. Antony netted inside four minutes, however, and that left the fallen giants with a mountain to climb. Everton were able to equalise through Conor Coady, with the stalwart popping up with the leveller after a mistake from David De Gea. However, a Coady own goal and late Rashford penalty propelled United through to the fourth round of the competition. Speaking to club media after the game, Ten Hag hailed Rashford for his display - while also suggesting he could use him as a No 10 due to his talents. “It’s himself,” he said when asked about Rashford’s drastic turnaround in form. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “He has the skills. I am supporting him, I motivate him, I think I put him in the right position on the pitch. “But, to be fair, he can play across the frontline. On some occasions, he can play just behind. So we can use him also as a tactical weapon and he’s scoring from every position. “When he keeps his focus, I’m convinced he will score even more goals.” The match also saw Antony find the net for United for the first time since bagging against Everton at Goodison Park back in October. Ten Hag was happy with the Brazil international, though suggested his players should have tried to find Anthony Martial more often throughout the clash. “I think it was a great goal, of course a great action from Marcus Rashford on the left side,” he added. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see “But we don’t always reward the movements from players and should also with Anthony Martial, a lot of good movements, makes space for others on the pitch. “That was also with the movement of Antony. With the first goal he was on the right spot and there was great movement to be there.” Rashford himself spoke out after the game, admitting he was eager to help United win trophies amid his sensational performances. "It's always nice to go through in cup games and the FA Cup is definitely a special one to play in,” he said. “We're pleased to go through to the next round and more importantly we keep momentum going and winning games. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "In terms of performances, it's probably the best that I've been so I feel good on the pitch, I'm getting into positions and areas to score goals. If I keep creating chances, I feel like I'll keep scoring. "That's [winning a trophy is] the aim, that's why we do what we do and why we work so hard. We want to be in finals and the biggest games. “Ultimately, we want to be win silverware and a trophy. Hopefully this season we get a chance to do that." Everton boss Frank Lampard, meanwhile, felt his side deserved something as they crashed to another defeat. "I think we deserved better. The players were very, very good in a sense of organisation, the game plan, the work ethic,” he said. “Things which should be basics in football but people question them when you have a performance like we did the other night. "We were really good. We had the better chances I think. “Good chances for us and a goal disallowed. Marcus Rashford was probably the difference between the teams. A top individual talent can do that to you." On his future, he added: "That's not under my control. It's not for me to focus on that. It's for me to focus on what I saw tonight and that was a performance that every manager wants with the attitude of the team, and the focus. The focus now is Southampton. "This league can change very quickly and when you're in a difficult run you have to work really hard to get out of it but it can change. "I don't want to talk about my future, I only want to talk about the players and how well they played. My focus is on this team and getting a result against Southampton."