The fallout from Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's Netflix docuseries "Harry & Meghan" rumbles on. A recent poll conducted by YouGov in the UK found that almost half of respondents believed the Duke of Sussex should be stripped of his royal title. Tom Quinn, author of Kensington Palace: An Intimate Memoir from Queen Mary to Meghan Markle, has weighed in on the new poll results. The royal author told the Times that he was "only surprised that the documentary didn’t do more damage to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex". He added: "I found it painful to watch — it made you realize they are lost souls. It is extraordinary that they feel this will somehow improve things for them." "I’m not at all surprised that people have more sympathy for the Prince and Princess of Wales because they are doing the classic thing of being stoical," Mr Quinn said. "They are not complaining about Harry." READ MORE: King Charles on a 'quivering tightrope' with Meghan and Harry as he 'needs' Duke of Sussex The royal author added that it was unlikely King Charles would strip Prince Harry of his titles. The Royal Family's "modus operandi" is one of quiet dignity so they are unlikely to fan the flames, he said. The polling sent the clearest signal yet that public sentiment is souring towards the couple. According to the poll, 44 percent of the people surveyed believed that Harry's title should be removed while 32 percent thought he should retain his title. DON'T MISSBiden preparing for 2024 presidential run [LATEST]Four human skulls found wrapped in aluminium foil [INSIGHT]Idaho suspect kept a low profile, neighbours say [REPORT] The polling also found respondents were more sympathetic to Prince William and his wife Kate Middleton than Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle after the two-part docuseries dropped earlier this month. Forty-four percent of respondents told pollsters they had more sympathy for the Prince and Princess of Wales, while only 17 percent said they sympathised more with the Sussexes. The polling comes after a previous poll produced a similarly stinging result for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. The poll found those under 24 years old prefer William and Kate to the Sussexes. READ MORE: Prince Harry to appear in explosive interview on 60 Minutes just days before book release The results were surprising because younger people are reported to be more favourable towards the Sussexes than their older counterparts. The survey, carried out by People Polling for GB News, asked 1,200 people across the UK. This carries across every age group, with 70 percent of over-65s saying William and Kate "best represent the values of Britain" compared to just two percent who said Harry and Meghan. Among younger Britons, a majority of those aged between 18 to 24 years old also claims that William and Kate best stand for their values. According to the poll, 39 percent backed the Prince and Princess of Wales, compared to 13 percent who backed Meghan and Harry. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have faced considerable blowback after the release of their Netflix docuseries last month. The couple's accusations against the Royal Family and Britain has stirred up public resentment. During the show, Harry and Meghan spoke about race and the racism they have experienced, taking aim at the Firm and British media