Diehard NCIS fans will remember way back in season four that Gibbs (played by Mark Harmon) kicked off the new series sporting a rather different look from what CBS viewers had become accustomed to. Adjusting to his new life in Mexico at the time, Gibbs now had a new beard, although, by the time he returned to Washington to reunite with the likes of Tony DiNozzo (Michael Weatherly), Gibbs had fashioned his facial hair into a rather striking moustache. Now, almost 17 years on from when Gibbs debuted the look, Tony star Weatherly has shared he’s been inspired by his former co-star’s choice. Weatherly, who’s been fueling rumours he’ll return to the CBS drama in its 20th season following the end of drama Bull, told fans he’s donning a similar look. There’s still no official word on whether or not he’ll be debuting his own moustache before season 20 is out, and he’s also stopped short of showing it to fans online. He did tell his 467k Twitter followers, however: “I’m working on a mustache (moustache) and my daughter is adamant: this will not stand.” READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss “Evidently, it is polarizing,” he added before he reeled off some influences he hopes will get his family on his side. Paying a mention to his former NCIS days, Weatherly continued: “Tonight we watch Butch Cassidy & The Sundance Kid. “Then some Magnum PI original sauce, then Gibbs season 4… maybe Gone With The Wind? “How far will it go?” he signed off before typing a moustachioed emoji to end his update. While the new look for Weatherly may have resulted in some stern words at home, it also divided his followers who were quick to react to his transformation. Carol Mitchell replied with an old selfie of an unshaven Weatherly and typed: “Oh, Michael, no, no, no. “No moustache unless it's with a beard. Like this. This looks amazing with that twinkle in your eyes. (It's nice to see that twinkle back.)” Lesley Evans disagreed, however, and claimed: “I think any style will suit you. Except maybe 'The Handlebar’.” DON'T MISS:NCIS’ Pauley Perrette leaves fans relieved with social media updateNCIS' Dale Sawyer's future on team 'confirmed' by Director Vance star NCIS Hawaii's Lucy Tara future confirmed as show boss details return Elsewhere, Marcella Pagano sided with Weatherly daughter: “I knew that sooner or later the moustache issue would appear. I’m sorry but Olivia is fully right! “You are lucky because you know they’re very attached to dads and they want the best for them, moreover Olivia has good taste in dressing so..listen to her! Olivia don’t give up!” Serena Nelson weighed in to point out how Weatherly’s new loo reminded them of the NCIS days: “I immediately thought of Tony’s reaction to Gibbs.” While @benslerfan6313 fished for an answer to the return rumours: “Well it depends if Ziva will like it. When you going to see her again?” (sic) Whether Weatherly will stick to his guns and keep the facial hair going forward remains to be seen, although fans will undoubtedly love to see the new look in action. Weatherly departed NCIS back in 2016 before starting his stint as Jason Bull in the hit CBS legal drama. But will Bull coming to a close in 2022, could Weatherly channel his inner Gibbs as part of a comeback to NCIS in 2023? NCIS season 20 continues Monday on CBS in the USA. Season 20 continues Wednesday on Disney+ in the UK.