Police and army specialists attended a scene at a Yorkshire maternity ward this morning following reports of a suspicious package. Emergency services arrived at the Gledhow Wing of St James' Hospital, Beckett Street, today after receiving a call from a concerned member of the public at 4am. Counter Terrorism Policing North East has confirmed that officers from Yorkshire Police have arrested a 27-year-old man after he was found in possession of a suspected firearm and a suspicious device on hospital grounds.    According to reports, bomb disposal experts arrived at the scene after receiving a 999 call this morning as hospital staff moved people away from the Gledhow Wing maternity ward. While investigations continue, they have since left the scene, where it is understood no explosive materials were found. A statement from West Yorkshire Police first confirmed the incident this morning, stating a cordon was placed "as a precautionary measure for public safety". Police previously asked people to "avoid the entrance to the Gledhow Wing at this time while the cordon remains in place". The statement added: "As a safety precaution, some people have been evacuated from the immediate vicinity. A 27-year-old man from Leeds has been arrested in connection with the matter."    Having established the man’s identity, police then alerted Counter Terrorism Policing North East whose officers have taken charge of the probe to unearth the full circumstances surrounding the incident. A cordon around the car park outside the Gledhow Wing was erected during the incident but the hospital’s emergency department remained open throughout with patients also able to continue attending planned outpatient appointments. A CTU North East spokesperson confirmed a 27-year-old man from Leeds has been arrested in connection with the matter. They added: "Due to the nature of the incident, CTP North East has deployed resources with access to specialist capabilities to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident." 