The Duke of Sussex's demands for an apology to Meghan Markle is likely to be a major hurdle in any piece talks with the Royal Family, a royal author believes. Commentator Angela Levin, who penned a biography of Prince Harry in 2017, reflected on the fifth-in-line to the throne's recent remarks on his "willingness" to forgive his family. Paraphrasing what the Duke said, she wrote on Twitter: "Harry: 'I am willing to forgive you all for all you have done if we... have a proper conversation and an apology to my wife.' Doubt he will compromise. He has to win. "Demeaning for a King and heir to ask Meghan to forgive them. Any chance she'll apologise too?" In a separate tweet, Ms Levin also referred openly to a recent report claiming a crunch meeting between Prince Harry and senior royals may happen in the coming months. Ms Levin tweeted: "It concerns me that Harry might feel his disloyal book has jolted our Kin[g] to take action. "If the talk takes place can he and Meghan be trusted to be loyal and not talk or write about what was said? Sadly I can't imagine it." The biographer referred to claims made by a source described as someone who "has the King's ear and who knows the Sussexes well", who said to believe a high-profile meeting between the Duke of Sussex and senior royals would take place before King Charles's Coronation, set for May 6. Explaining they believed the rift was "fixable", they told the Sunday Times: "It needs Harry over here, in the room with the King and Prince of Wales, a couple of other family members, some of ‘his people’ he trusts who always had his back, so he doesn’t think he’s being ambushed. "Someone like Elf [Ed Lane Fox, Harry’s former private secretary] and Christopher [Lord Geidt, the late Queen’s former private secretary who advised the Sussexes]. "Both sides need to hold their hands up and admit we didn’t get everything right, and we got a lot wrong, and we have to say to him ‘we understand the pain you’ve been through’." They added this possible meeting, to be a success, would require "flexibility" on all sides. READ MORE: Harry missed 32 calls from Royal Family about Prince Philip's death They claimed: "Not everyone here behaved well, but Harry’s got to be able to sit down and say ‘we didn’t behave well either’. That takes a lot of academic flexibility, which Harry isn’t great at." This report comes after the publication of a lengthy interview between Bryony Gordon and the Duke of Sussex, in which he said he wanted the Royal Family to apologise to Meghan. The fifth-in-line told the Telegraph's journalist: "The way I see it is, I’m willing to forgive you for everything you’ve done, and I wish you’d actually sat down with me, properly, and instead of saying I’m delusional and paranoid, actually sit down and have a proper conversation about this, because what I’d really like is some accountability. And an apology to my wife." In another interview part of the Duke's promotional campaign for his memoir Spare, Harry said the "full-scale rupture" between him, Meghan and the rest of his family can be healed. However, he added during the CBS' 60 Minutes programme, the "ball is very much in [the royals'] court". The Duke told Anderson Cooper: "The ball is very much in their court, but, you know, Meghan and I have continued to say that we will openly apologise for anything that we did wrong, but every time we ask that question, no one's telling us the specifics or anything. "There needs to be a constructive conversation, one that can happen in private that doesn't get leaked." Harry was prompted to explain how the royals can expect to trust him not sharing details of their private meetings after publishing a book filled with intimate revelations. In response, he claimed: "This all started with them briefing, daily, against my wife with lies to the point of where my wife and I had to run away from my country."