Chelsea have seen a second bid for wonderkid Malo Gusto rejected and Lyon chief Jean-Michel Aulas has confirmed that he will stay in France until at least the summer. Co-owner Todd Boehly may have held out slim hopes of getting the deal done before next week's January transfer deadline, with Manchester United and Newcastle also interested. Top clubs have been positioning themselves to swoop for Gusto after an impressive start to the season with Lyon. He made his senior breakthrough with the French giants last year and has kicked on to become a regular starter, with one assist in 15 league starts this term. Reports indicate that Man Utd and Newcastle are both interested in Gusto, with the Magpies even lodging a bid, but Chelsea appeared to be acting with the most urgency as they came back with a second offer over the past few days. According to L'Equipe, the Blues' latest bid exceeded £17million but it was promptly rejected by Lyon, and Aulas has since come out to state that Gusto will be staying put. READ MORE: Man Utd transfer news LIVE - Ten Hag eyes new bargain, exit imminent "Since I am actively participating with Vincent Bruno Laurent in this great winter movement, I have the pleasure of strengthening the team on Karl Toko-Ekambi but also of specifying that Malo [Gusto], a great hope for Lyon, will continue to play with Lyon at least until the end of the season," he wrote on Twitter. Lyon were believed to be holding out for £25m but even throwing more money at it may not get the job done for Chelsea co-owner Boehly, who has been typically trigger-happy so far this month. The Blues are by far the highest spenders in the Premier League with their total outlay since the start of the summer approaching half a billion pounds. DON'T MISS...Four huge transfers that may happen before deadline dayErik ten Hag delivers on Man Utd promise as menacing trio sting ForestMan City boss Pep Guardiola faces Kylian Mbappe transfer headache It remains to be seen whether Chelsea were all-in on Gusto or whether they will look to move onto other targets before the window slams shut. They are known to be long-term admirers of Inter Milan star Denzel Dumfries, and his agent is reportedly in England discussing transfer terms with a selection of Premier League sides. The Blues are still languishing in mid-table as Graham Potter finds his feet in the dugout, but the former Brighton boss will hope that the raft of new arrivals can give his squad an injection of energy to kick on over the second part of the season.  Benoit Badiashile, Noni Madueke, Joao Felix, Andrey Santos and David Datro Fofana have all been signed so far this month in a transfer splurge approaching £200m, while marquee arrival Mykhaylo Mudryk made his debut against Liverpool at the weekend. "Ideally we wanted to give [Mudryk] around 30 minutes, but we thought it was the right time," explained Potter after the 0-0 draw at Anfield. "He's a fit boy and we thought it was the right time to bring him on. It was a good start to his career with us. He’s not played football for a while, he’s been on a mid-season break, we had to manage his minutes and he’s still in that phase, but you could see his qualities."