Paddy Kirk (played by Dominic Brunt) has been struggling ever since finding out his wife Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) was cheating on him with Al Chapman (Michael Wildman) before he was shot dead. The Emmerdale vet has made it clear he wants nothing to do with Chas, but ITV soap spoilers have revealed life is set to get harder for Paddy as the rest of the family starts forgiving her.   When Mandy Dingle (Lisa Riley) suggests throwing a Dingle party with The Woolpack's out-of-date beer, Chas sees it as the ideal opportunity to make amends with everyone. Later, as the Dingles pile into the bar, Chas is taken aback to see an awkward Paddy arrive. As Chas tries to mend her relationship with her family members, Paddy is left feeling excluded. With Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) otherwise occupied at the buffet, gutted Paddy quietly slips off to the backroom.  READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash When Mandy starts testing the karaoke microphone, Paddy is left feeling completely isolated from his once-extended family as he hears them having fun. However, Bear Wolf (Joshua Richards) is concerned about Paddy withdrawing from his daughter and Vinny Dingle (Bradley Johnson) offers to speak with him. Will Vinny be able to help Paddy feel better about the situation or will he just make things worse? Emmerdale is not the largest of villages, so Paddy is likely to run into Chas and the rest of the Dingles regularly.  He previously asked Chas to leave the village after her affair was exposed, but she has refused to move to another area. Emmerdale viewers know Chas was cheating on Paddy for months and had plans to move away with Al before he was killed by her nephew Kyle Winchester (Huey Quinn) His father Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) is willing to take the blame for his son's crime and has been in jail for weeks. Even Chas knows Kyle was responsible for Al's demise, but she has appeared to forgive the youngster. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Moira Barton arrested after Matty betrayal [SPOILER]Emmerdale fans 'concerned' as major character goes 'missing'  [LATEST]Emmerdale double exit as couple leave village  [THEORY] Paddy actor Dominic recently opened up to Radio Times about his future with Chas. He shared: "We don’t know what’s going on in the future, we have no idea about the long-term. "There’s plenty of bickering and drama and hatred to come. "But it’s been quite colourful because you can’t be that negative all the way through, so the scripts that we’ve had at the moment have still been quite good fun to do."   The 52-year-old continued: "There have been different paces and different angles. 