Vladimir Putin is preparing to make an "important" announcement on Wednesday, a pro-Russian official has claimed, as the war in Ukraine reaches a critical point. The Russia President will reportedly make the statement as part of a series of events to mark 80 years since the siege of Leningrad - now St Petersburg - in World War 2. It would also come just days before Russia's war in Ukraine started exactly a year ago on February 24, 2022. Vladimir Rogov, a pro-Putin official appointed by the Russians to run the occupied Zaporizhzhia region in Ukraine, took to his Telegram channel to claim the Russian leader make the "important" speech tomorrow in St Petersburg. He made the announcement this afternoon, although there has been no official confirmation on Putin's speech from the Kremlin. Putin is expected to travel to the Russian city - the fourth biggest in the world - and is reportedly scheduled to attend a flower laying ceremony at the Monument to the Heroic Defenders of Leningrad. For nearly two-and-a-half years during World War II from September 8, 1941, to January 27, 1944, Nazi forces besieged St Petersburg.  On January 18, 1943 - which will be 80 years tomorrow - there was a key breakthrough in efforts to break the siege. Local authorities in the city are reportedly preparing for Putin's visit and although the nature of his rumoured announcement remains a mystery, speculation has been swirling over recent day. Putin has seemingly submitted a draft law for the "termination of international treaties" with Europe, according to various Russian state media reports today. This could be linked to the so-called major "announcement" he will be making within the next 24 hours. READ MORE: Putin leads Russia into 'catastrophe' with £82bn economic blow  The Russian President's rumoured ill-health also continues to generate intense speculation, with reports claiming he mat be suffering with cancer and Parkinson's. This could reportedly lead him to retire and step away from the Kremlin hot seat within a matter of months. Russia's war in Ukraine is now reaching a critical point, with Putin's forces significantly stepping up brutal attacks on its eastern neighbour in recent days. This has triggered fears he could majorly escalate the conflict, possibly with another mass mobilisation involving hundreds of thousands of Russian troops or launching new devastating nuclear attacks. DON'T MISSUkrainian troops on the frontline plead for more Western tanks [LATEST]Russian friendly fire 'obliterates own men' as Wagner tank destroyed [REPORT]Putin's nuclear 'tsunami' torpedoes could 'plunge UK into depths sea' [COMMENTS]  Russian attacks have continued to rain down on Ukraine, with as many as 60 people feared to have been killed after a missile meant for sinking aircraft carriers smashed into Dnipro. Moscow has also reacted furiously after Britain ramped up its military support for Ukraine by confirming it will send tanks to help fight the brutal war. Foreign Secretary James Cleverly defiantly said: "The message we're sending to Putin and, frankly, anyone else that cares to be watching, is that we made a commitment to support Ukrainians until they are victorious. "What Putin should understand is we are going to have the strategic endurance to stick with them until the job is done and the best thing that he can do to preserve the lives of his own troops is to recognize that." 