Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are reportedly being urged by Netflix bosses to film an at-home reality-style series following the success of the Duke of Sussex's bombshell book, Spare. In September 2020, it was revealed the couple would be creating a host of content for the streaming giant in a deal it was claimed worth tens of millions of pounds. Executives at Netflix have “raised eyebrows” about the volume of personal and family bombshells in the prince's memoir compared to the couple's recent documentary series, according to a company source cited by The Sun. This has led management to ramp up interest in a fly-on-the-wall style show that could be filmed at Harry and Meghan's mansion in Montecito, the LA-based consultant has claimed. The insider, who works for Netflix, told The Sun: "Harry’s memoir has certainly been a talking point, and while many may think that executives would be annoyed at the volume of revelations in Spare versus the show, in truth they were different scenarios. “They scored great viewing figures and want a second bite of the pie. "The gloves are off now for Harry, and Netflix feels they are in prime position for a second project. "Moving forward, the aftermath of what happens to Harry and Meghan will be fascinating to viewers. "We know that the couple films material all the time, so there remains a treasure trove left, which could make for dynamite viewing. "However, for such a deal to move forward, the couple would have to open up the doors of their Montecito home. "There is no doubt audiences have been excited by watching Harry speak about his life. The interest remains huge." READ MORE: Harry's six-word Coronation ultimatum to King Charles Many of the scenes filmed for Harry and Meghan's six-part documentary series on Netflix, which premiered on December 3, appeared to take place in a home setting. But the Netflix source claimed "Harry's willingness to go on TV for Spare has raised eyebrows" at the company. They told The Sun: "Some in the marketing team at Netflix were disappointed that Meghan and Harry did not go out on a media tour for the show. "Harry's willingness to go on TV for Spare has raised eyebrows, but the hope is that they will promote future projects." DON'T MISSHarry tipped for multi-million pound Coronation payday on US TV [LATEST]William ‘recoiled when Meghan went to hug him’ – Harry [REPORT]Harry and Meghan's bitter pill to swallow after taking revenge on Kate [COMMENTS] Harry and Meghan's documentary series has been a massive success for Netflix, smashing viewership records for a documentary. Worldwide, viewers spent 81.5 million hours watching the first three episodes in the first four days they were available, according to official figures. Just a few weeks later on New Year's Eve, the couple follow-up project for Netflix, Live to Lead, premiered on the streaming platform. This sees the Duke and Duchess of Sussex present interviews with the likes of late Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, environmental activist Greta Thunberg, and New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern, who has since announced she will resign later this year. The latest project from Harry and Meghan is a collaboration between the Nelson Mandela Foundation and production company Blackwell and Ruth. The couple's own Archewell Productions is acting as co-producers. Harry's hotly-anticipated memoir, Spare, which makes a number of bombshell claims against the Royal Family, has been proven to be a massive commercial success. Last week, it was announced the book had become the fastest-selling non-fiction book in the UK since records began in 1998, with Spare selling 467,183 copies in its first week, according to Nielsen BookData. The data shows the memoir broke the previous record of 210,506 set by the first Pinch Of Nom cookbook - written by Kay Allinson - in 2019. The latest figures do not include include e-books or audiobooks and refers only to the sale of physical copies.