Olivia Perks, 21, was found at the elite training school in February 2019. An earlier hearing recorded a provisional cause of death as “asphyxia due to hanging”. A pre-inquest review was told yesterday that the alleged sexual misconduct was “clearly” on Ms Perks’ mind before she died in her room. Mike Rawlinson, representing the late cadet’s mother Louise Townsend, said: “Her family are of course very concerned about sexual misconduct committed against her by senior military officers.” He added: “We would seek to put questions to witnesses that arise out of our concern there was gross sexual misconduct by senior officers towards her.” Edward Pleeth, for the Ministry of Defence, said: “We entirely accept that questions of sexual relationships must be included within the scope of the inquest.” Ms Perks had also made a “significant” suicide attempt before she died during a Royal Engineers visit, and a “series of red flags” had been raised about her mental health, the hearing was told. Lawyers representing two sergeants who are “interested parties” in proceedings appeared at the hearing. The nature of any links to her was not disclosed.  Mr Pleeth said one more person might become an interested party before the full hearing. The coroner also ruled the “management of Olivia’s alcohol consumption” would have to be considered within the scope of the full inquest. That will focus on three events in the run-up to Ms Perks’ death: the Royal Engineers visit; a trip to Normandy and the Falklands Ball on February 1, 2019. A “pen-portrait” of the cadet will also be established. The full hearing will seek to cover her medical history as well as the investigation into events following the charity ball, events on the day that she died and Ms Perks’ cause of death. Sexual misconduct and alcohol consumption emerged as issues during discussions of what issues lay within the scope of the inquest. Alison McCormick, Assistant Coroner for Berkshire, told the Reading court she planned a “full, fair and fearless” inquest over 15 days in April and May. Another pre-inquest review will be held in March at a date that is still to be arranged. 