It was a landslide in the college football National Championships final, as Georgia Bulldogs smashed TCU 65-7 to defend their title. They ended a 40-year wait for national success last season, but they've gone one better and enjoyed an unbeaten campaign. Nine touchdowns and a season-high points total of 65 points, it was a busy night for the Georgia Bulldogs. After a tense 42-41 encounter against Ohio State in the playoff semi-finals, the college football world was expecting another tense clash against TCU on Monday night. And it certainly started that way, as it was 10-7 after 11 minutes of the first quarter, However, the onslaught then began, and eight touchdowns followed without reply for Georgia, setting a new record for the most one-sided final in history. Quarterback Stetson Bennett inspired the most dominant of victories, and has certified himself as a Georgia legend. Bennett, 25, may now be hoping to move on to the NFL, but his story as college quarterback is quite remarkable. Sure, this season he led them to a flawless 15-0, but at one stage he had to depart Georgia in search of football. Bennett was a walk-on to the Georgia team as a freshman back in 2017, but left to play junior level as current Chicago Bears hero Justin Fields was starring for the college side. After departing for Jones County Junior College, Bennett returned to Georgia after they recruited him once more, and it was then that he began to prove the doubters wrong. A 29-3 college record has since followed for Bennett, and the two-time finals MVP is in with a shot of heading to the NFL. He isn't your average quarterback though, which may hinder his chances. Standing just under 5'11 in height and below 200 pounds in weight, he isn't exactly the typical frame that franchises look for. In fact, ESPN research shows that since 2006, just three quarterbacks listed under 6-foot and 200 pounds have even been drafted. But his rise with Georgia will surely give him a chance, and head coach Kirby Smart has backed him to make a success of himself in the big league. "People slept on Stetson Bennett for a long time," Smart said. "He needs an opportunity to play for a long time at the next level. Some of the checks he made, some of the decisions he made [against TCU], just really elite."