The Los Angeles Lakers have received a boost as Anthony Davis is set to rejoin the team in the next few weeks. Davis has been out since suffering a foot issue in December, as his injury threatened to derail the momentum the Lakers had built after a poor start to the 2022/23 NBA season. Davis is reportedly stepping up his recovery from the foot injury that has seen him miss time for the past month. The 29-year-old was in excellent form prior to his injury, scoring over 30 points in three-straight matches before going down against the Denver Nuggets. The Lakers were able to win five successive matches without Davis, but they then lost their next three clashes before defeating the Houston Rockets - the worst team in the NBA - on Monday night. Los Angeles’ over-reliance on the likes of LeBron James and Russell Westbrook has become clear, which is why the team desperately needs Davis to return. According to reports, Davis is eyeing a return before the All-Star break next month. NBA insider Shams Charania confirmed the eight-time All-Star is ramping up his recovery to return to the fold with the Lakers before the All-Star weekend in Salt Lake City. READ MORE: LeBron James laments 'frustrating as hell' NBA refs after Lakers loss “Anthony Davis is expected to start running now so once that happens and he’s back onto the floor running dull speed, at that point he’s going to progress to contact work in the relative near future,” Charania said. “I’m told the hope is that Anthony Davis is going to be able to get back out onto the floor with a handful of games left before the All-Star break - that puts early February as a potential return for Anthony Davis to get back out on the floor. “He's got a bone spur issue, he's got a stress reaction in that foot and he's one of the guys that should be in the All-Star Game this year, voted in. He's already among the leaders with the fans so you have got to come back before the All-Star break if you want to play in the game itself. “We'll see if he's going to make it back, but right now the goal is for Anthony Davis to be back on the floor with a handful of games left and that put you right around trade deadline. We'll see how that impacts which moves the Lakers could make.” DON'T MISSLeBron James passes landmark as LA Lakers ace nears scoring recordFive players LA Lakers could sign right now to help LeBron JamesLeBron James and Lakers in 'striking distance' of NBA title contention On Monday, the Lakers’ reliance on James was clear to see during their 140-132 win over the 10-34 Rockets. The four-time MVP scored 48 points and tallied nine assists to go with eight rebounds in a dominant showing. It was a season-high scoring performance from James to help overcome a dodgy defensive display against a team who are currently on an 11-game losing run. Westbrook was the only other Laker to score over 20 points, with 24. The Lakers remain 13th in the Western Conference with a 20-24 record. They will hope to climb the standings once Davis returns, and can continue their form against the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday night.