Stacey Dooley, 35, surprised fans as she announced last August she was set to become a mum for the first time. Now, the TV presenter and her partner, Kevin Clifton, 40, raised suspicions as they went silent on social media, with some online users speculating on the baby’s arrival. Stacey does not seem to have posted anything on Instagram for almost a week, with Kevin absent for a similar period of time. The couple’s followers were quick to draw their own conclusions as they took to Stacey’s last post - shared six days ago - to discuss their absence. Instagram user Crystalleese_x commented: “Convinced she’s had the baby.” Vicky.carpenter.52 enquired: “Stacey your quiet have u had baby?” (Sic) Traceymcgroarty wrote: “You’ve gone quiet on us @sjdooley so I’m hoping your baby is here and you are both enjoying parenthood and being in your little baby bubble.” Stacey opened up on her pregnancy announcement back in August last year during an appearance on The One Show. Hosts Michelle Ackerly and Ronan Keating congratulated the presenter and boyfriend Kevin Clifton on the happy news. Ronan began: “Stacey we have to start by saying congratulations. Big news today from yourself and Kevin.” “Thanks, mate,” Stacey replied. “I can’t quite believe it. “I’m delighted actually I feel really lucky because I’m 35 so you never take it for granted. “But I can’t quite believe I’m going to be in charge of a little human being.” Stacey, who joined the show to discuss her documentary about ballroom and batin dance, thanked the presenters for their well wishes. DON'T MISSJulia Bradbury shares emotional update on tough breast cancer battle [LATEST]Jeff Beck dies after meningitis battle 'Tremendous loss' [NEWS]Amanda Holden wows with braless display in skintight crop top [PICTURES] Prior to her appearance, Stacey shared a picture of her bump on Instagram revealing the news to her loyal followers. She captioned it: “Gaaaaaaang.....We are having a baby! "So b****y delighted. Kev, you're magic, I love youuuu. "(Was becoming impossible to hide and if one more person asks me if I've had my t*ts done in LA I'm gonna scream) Here goessssssss.”(sic) Stacey’s partner and former Strictly pro Kevin was one of the first to comment, writing “Love you,” alongside a red heart. Stacey and Kevin began dating each other in 2019, months after they appeared on Strictly Come Dancing and the couple’s romance was formally announced. Kevin has married twice in the past, including Strictly pro Karen Hauer.