But despite half admitting they feel refreshed at the end of a holiday where they have done little, 15 percent end up feeling guilty for putting their feet up. The results come as 26 percent acknowledge they are in need of a chilled holiday to recharge their batteries after a busy time. However, 61 percent have signed up to excursions or activities they didn’t really want to do on holiday, in order to show their social media followers they did more than simply sit by the pool. And 47 percent sometimes feel like they need a holiday – just to recover from their trip. A spokesman for Expedia, which commissioned the research, said: “When so many say they sometimes need a holiday just to recover from their holiday, something’s gone wrong. “There’s no prize for doing the most on holiday. What’s important is making memories while you’re away, and feeling recharged when you’re back.” According to British holidaymakers in need of a rest, the optimum amount of time to spend chilling out on your holiday is 40 percent. But 24 percent feel pressure to entertain their friends and family on their break, and 22 percent feel they need to be productive. It also emerged that, at the start of the new year, people are most likely to feel fed up with the cold and wet British weather – with 34 percent feeling the urge to book a trip to have something to look forward to in their calendar. Beach holidays to tropical destinations are the holiday types travellers look forward to most, with the top draw of this holiday type being the relaxation element of sunbathing or reading by the pool. For a quarter of sunseekers, the beach is the best place to chill, while one in five (19 percent) prefer reclining by the pool at their hotel. To help plan their trip, two in five (41 percent) will consult their family and friends for holiday activity recommendations – although 36 percent admit this makes them feel more pressure to do the recommended activities, according to the stats, via OnePoll. The spokesman for Expedia added: “A holiday should be all about doing what you want to do – whether that’s doing nothing at all on a beach, or taking a “change is as good as a rest” approach. “We would encourage holidaying Brits to really consider this aspect – using your break to recharge your batteries, without worrying about what your friends, family, and social following might think when you return having done, well, nothing.”