 Twitter users have been left stunned after realising what paprika is actually made of. A user’s tweet laid bare what is contained within the spice ingredients.  Make Oxtail Cheap Again, who comes by the Twitter handle @simsimmaaz, said: "Learning that Paprika is just dried and crushed red bell peppers was really shocking. Like I dunno why I thought there was a Paprika tree somewhere." While the spice is widely used across the country, Twitter users shared their amazement at the revelation. @NormanB39802821 noted the origin of the word, responding: "I think “paprika” means “pepper” in Hungarian." Make Oxtail Cheap Again reacted: "So I’m learning!"  @angelstar2 also reacted, saying: "For real?!" Other Twitter users admitted they thought paprika grew on trees. @mary_pezzulo also admitted: "I also thought there was a curry tree and that allspice was a combination of spices." "Like I could’ve sworn there was a paprika plant," said @cocoaliia. READ MORE: Holly Willoughby 'calls out' Emma Bunton for a 'fight' While @Outtheboxx commented: "You’re not as bad as me who didn’t realize Guacamole is just Avocados. I always thought it tasted familiar. SMH." @user77734579 tweeted: "So u mean it’s not hot? Or spicy? It’s just peppers? For real?" Some could still not believe it. @JonathanHart54 said: “Wait what???" As some users made fun of Make Oxtail Cheap Again, @Benhartman told her to ignore them. He tweeted: "You are not alone. This was me like four years ago. I think I was even in Hungary when it happened or it was just before the trip. I also thought there was a paprika tree, don't let them shame you." Other users expressed being "flabbergasted", and "clueless" about the discovery while another one said "it blew my mind". DON'T MISS:Victoria Beckham says her Spice Girls audition was ‘so wrong’ [REPORT] Popular spice duo may 'significantly' lower blood sugar levels [REPORT] The sweet ingredient that could help burn visceral belly fat [REPORT] The majority of the world's paprika is grown for its pods, often known as chillies or chilli peppers, according to Encyclopaedia Britannica. The majority of sweet peppers and numerous varieties with strong, spicy flavours belong to this genus. Pods can range in length from 0.5 inches to 1 foot (12.5 mm to 0.3 m), have a long, spherical, or conical shape, and be coloured yellow, brown, purple, or red depending on the variety. The flat, kidney-shaped seeds are supported by a spongy central shaft. Early spring is when crops are planted, while summer and fall are when they are harvested. Paprika is made by drying and grinding the pods. The centre core is first taken out before mild paprikas are created. READ NEXT:Strictly Come Dancing's Alexandra Mardell's Spice Girls connectionSpice Girl Emma Bunton surprises staff at Amazon fulfiment centreCinnamon can 'significantly' lower blood sugar levels - expertHot spice found to 'significantly' reduce visceral fat in studyVictoria Beckham row almost got Mel C kicked out of Spice Girls