Lockwood and Co has just arrived on Netflix and the series follows the smallest paranormal investigator agency in London. Lucy Carlyle (played by Ruby Stokes) hopes to find a job in the city to escape her turbulent home life. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how old the actress is. The actress from Hackney in London has two younger brothers, Clement and Seth, who are also both actors. They appeared in the ITV series Angela Black, with Ruby known for her roles in Una and Bridgerton. As well as attending the BRIT School, she also became a member of the London Youth Circus. She was born in September 2000, making her 22 years old as of January 2023. READ MORE: Lockwood & Co almost used Kanye track for opening titles The star began her career as a child actress, landing a number of small TV roles. Her film debut was in Una in 2016 and she went on to star in the 2019 film, Rocks. In 2020 she was cast as the sixth Bridgerton child, Francesca, in the Netflix hit series. She has to leave after two seasons due to scheduling conflicts with Lockwood and Co. Showrunner Chris Van Dusen explained her exit to TV Line, saying: "I love Francesca, but we lost her midway through season two. "After exhausting all other options, she unfortunately had to come out due to reasons beyond our control." Stokes told What to Watch: "Leaving was always going to be a difficult choice. "But something about Lucy just spoke to me. It was a chance to explore a very different character and I've learned a great deal playing a young adult at the helm of a show. DON'T MISS... Cameron Chapman is much older than his character Anthony Lockwood [INSIGHT] Lockwood and Co family tree exposes mystery sister and tragic death [EXPLAINER] Lockwood and Co ends on the ultimate cliffhanger with mystery room [INSIGHT] "I just felt it was an opportunity I couldn’t turn down." She opened up more about Lucy's character, calling her "complex" as she comes from a "horrible childhood". She explained: "Her mum was quite abusive and she’s also experienced a lot of trauma in her life, yet she also has this remarkable gift that makes her very special. "She's really headstrong, quite kick-a** and very independent, she’s pretty vulnerable as well, so I was really excited to play her." The star's latest projects include the film Black Dog and the Paramount series The Burning Girls. The actress is on Instagram and she has been sharing some behind-the-scenes snaps with her Lockwood and Co co-stars. One fan commented: "Can’t wait to see you as my golden trio (Lucy, George and Lockwood)." She was named one of Hello! Magazine's rising stars of 2023.  Lockwood and Co is on Netflix now.