The heavily pregnant Loose Women star opened up to Lorraine Kelly about filming her new BBC series about keeping homes clean and tidy. However, the 33-year-old ended up sharing an irritating habit her husband, former EastEnders actor, Joe Swash does around their family home. Lorraine began as the pair were discussing Stacey's love of tidying: "Now, have you trained your Joe, is he quite neat now?" Stacey admitted: "No, now Joe doesn't live like that and I think it took ages for me to come to terms with. "Not everyone wants to be organised and tidy and I'm like, 'That's absolutely fine Stacey.'" Lorraine laughed and explained she did not understand how people did not want to keep their households tidy. READ MORE: Prince Harry's claims of Camilla 'planting stories' shut down Stacey quipped: "I know! But that is how I function and people say to me, 'How can you keep things organised when you have kids and dogs?' "I couldn't have kids and dogs and a job if it wasn't organised, I just would not be able to function and my life would just not work." "Whereas Joe is the opposite," she continued."He lives in a mess which he understands and that is how he functions. "So everyone is different in terms of how their brain works and what gets them through each day, does that make sense?"  Lorraine agreed with Stacey and thought she was making complete sense about the matter. However, the Loose Women star did praise her partner Joe, adding: "He does try really hard, bless him, but he still uses every utensil in the kitchen when he cooks." Lorraine gasped and asked Stacey if that drove her "crazy" to which she replied: "A part of it, yeah, but he is amazing in other ways." Stacey and Joe tied the knot in a private Jewish ceremony at their Essex mansion, named Pickle Cottage, last year.  DON'T MISS...Stacey Solomon mum-shamed for leaving one child out of family photo [LATEST]Stacey Solomon and Joe Swash's 'fear' amid baby arrival [INSIGHT]Stacey Solomon 'tears up' as Loose Women star shares family snap [MUST SEE] Stacey revealed last month that she's expecting her third child with Joe, which will be her fifth child. Joe shares his oldest child Harry, 13, with his ex-girlfriend Emma Sophocleous. Opening up about her pregnancy news, Stacey shared: "We're nearly there now. Very soon, we're just so grateful. It was a surprise. But we're so grateful we get the chance to do it again. "We love being parents and we can't believe how lucky we've been."  Lorraine told the presenter: "Good luck with the baby because it's any day." Stacey joked following Lorraine's comment: "You could be delivering it, Lorraine!" "Well, Doctor Hilary, look, we told him to stay... just in case," Lorraine added. Lorraine continues on weekdays from 9am on ITV. 