The state has been struggling with the repercussions from tropical plumes or atmospheric rivers since Boxing Day which dumped a significant amount of rain and snow. With two-thirds of residents, or 25 million people, in California under a flood warning and around 70,000 people without power, President Biden has declared a major disaster. The Golden State has seen fatal mudslides and flooding and with more set to come, the President has ordered federal aid to increase the recovery efforts in the area. In a statement, the White House said: “The President’s action makes federal funding available to affected individuals in the countries of Merced, Sacramento, and Santa Cruz. “Federal funding also is available to state, tribal and eligible local governments, and certain private non-profit organisations on a cost-sharing basis for emergency work in the counties of Merced, Sacramento, and Santa Cruz.” According to the National Weather Service, storms and flooding are expected to continue on Monday. However, it is predicted that from Tuesday the state will begin to see much-needed dryer weather. Governor Gavin Newsom visited Merced County in the agricultural Central Valley which is “taking the brunt of it”. The Democrat said: “The reality is that this is just the eighth of what we anticipate will be nine atmospheric rivers – we’re not done. “This is happening all across California but I want to say…you guys are disproportionately taking the brunt of it, and if you feel that way you’re right.” READ MORE: Britain going to Hell in a handcart because Boris drank glass of fizz Gov Newsom warned residents to be cautious over the next 24 to 48 hours during a briefing with local leaders as a flood warning was implemented. Flood warnings have been issued for region situated north of San Francisco Bay, including Marin, Napa, Sonoma and Mendocino counties. In the south, San Mateo and Santa Cruz have also received warnings with evacuation messages issued to residents of Felton Grove on the San Lorenzo River and people in the Wilton area in Sacramento. The University of California Berkeley Central Sierra Snow Lab reported on Saturday that there had been 54cm of snow in the last 24 hours. DON'T MISS:Keir Starmer squirms as Kuenssberg grills him on breaking key pledges (INSIGHT)Blow for Sunak as poll shows uphill battle he faces with voters (POLL)Putin humiliated as Russian troops vote to down arms and head home  (REVEAL) The California Highway Patrol warned: “We cannot stress this enough. Please ONLY drive if it’s necessary.” The statement came after they rescued three people whose car slid on the road and was left dangling off the edge of a cliff in the Santa Cruz Mountains on Friday, leaving the occupants “scared for their lives”. In a bid to limit the impact of the disaster, Newsom warned Golden State residents: “Make the necessary preparations. "Floods, landslides, and storms don’t care who you are or where you live – it’ll hit you just the same. Take this seriously.”