With a cost of living squeeze and energy prices on the incline, Britons have been searching for ways to cut costs. But according to energy experts at Loop, 80 percent of gas use within UK households goes towards heating, which could amount to as high as £1,000 a year at current gas prices. So for those hoping to keep bills low, tackling the heating could be a good place to start, and one tip could knock as much as £300 off, an expert has said. Steve Buckley, head of data science at Loop, said: “Many are feeling the pressure to cut costs this winter but keeping yourself and your home warm is essential for your health and wellbeing.” But, he explained that while figuring out how to get the balance right can feel “overwhelming” - particularly when temperatures have dropped - there are changes people can make to the way they heat their home that will save on their gas use – and costs – “without noticing a difference”. Mr Buckley continued: “These changes come down to understanding how you use gas in your home and identifying where you can make this more efficient and cost-effective.”  READ MORE: Martin Lewis scam 'stealing money and personal data from thousands'  The first tip, which could make a sizeable £300 saving per year for an average household is to lower the thermostat. Mr Buckley said: “Heating to a lower temperature uses less gas as it reduces the amount of heating needed to warm up your home. Each degree you lower your thermostat by equates to a 10 percent reduction in gas use - £300 a year in savings for an average home. “There’s no ideal temperature, so figure out what works best for you.” For those who want to go a few steps further to cut costs in the new year, here are five more vital tips to remember when managing the heating at home.  DON'T MISS: Areas to splurge on when renovation a kitchen and places to save money [ANALYSIS]What to do with old £20 and £50 notes [EXPLAINED]Woman pays £10 a month on energy bills after following simple hacks [INSIGHT]    To ensure heating is used as efficiently as possible, Britons can take advantage of heating controls to schedule when it's switched on at home. Mr Buckley said: “For starters, schedule your heating to be on only when you’re at home and turn it off 20 minutes before you need to as the hot water in the radiators will stay warm. If you’re going away over Christmas, reduce your thermostat to five degrees minimum." Overnight, he continued: “Keep the heating off or low if it’s particularly cold. To stay warm, it’s more efficient to heat your bed with bedding or an electric blanket.” Draughts are a waste of gas, and most come from windows, doors and unused chimneys. So focusing on this area could play an important part in reducing heat loss and saving on bills. Mr Buckley said: “Use draught-proofing tape to seal those spaces, use chimney balloons to block unused chimneys, try thick curtains and keep internal doors closed to avoid hot air escaping. But it’s important to make sure your house is still ventilated where it needs to be, so don’t block areas like window vents, kitchens or bathrooms.”  READ MORE: ‘Prime sources’ of heat loss in your home - £2.99 hack to reduce bills  Some radiators have rotating dials, called Thermostatic Radiator Valves (TRVs), which give more control over the heating in a room, but many are unsure of how to use them. According to Mr Buckley, TRVs should be set to the temperature the person would like a room to be, and the dial can then control the amount of hot water that flows into the radiators. He said: “If your room heats to the desired temperature, the TRVs will stop water flowing into the radiator, preserving gas. You can set these to the right temperature in different rooms – living areas should be at the highest heat, then bedrooms, with temperatures kept lower in spare rooms.” According to Mr Buckley, if the boiler’s flow temperature, which refers to the water that leaves the boiler to go to the radiators, is set too high, it will run inefficiently. He said that simply “correcting” the temperature can save a household between “eight percent to 12 percent” on gas bills. Experts at the Underfloor Heating Store said: “We’d encourage homeowners to get their boilers to a temperature where they can condense water. At 60C, your boiler is more readily able to condense water vapour and recover latent heat from this vapourisation, which would otherwise have been lost up the flue.  “Altering your boiler temperature to 60C will help your boiler achieve higher efficiency by utilising its whole functions, resulting in cheaper heating bills.” Unnecessary heat loss is one of the key contributors to higher energy bills - so fixing this should be a top priority. With poor insulation accounting for around 30-45 percent heat loss in the home, it would be worth checking this. Mr Buckley said: “UK homes are notoriously poorly insulated but there are two key ways to improve a home’s insulation; loft insulation and cavity wall insulation. These can be costly and difficult, but these forms of insulation pay themselves back quickest and can make a big difference to the warmth of your home.” 