Manchester United were already one midfielder short before Saturday’s 3-1 FA Cup win over Reading. And now, after Christian Eriksen was forced out of the contest, they’re another down. The Red Devils are without both the Denmark international and Donny van de Beek - meaning they could certainly do with a player like Leicester’s Youri Tielemans… Manchester United saw Van de Beek ruled out for the end of the season earlier in the month, with the Dutchman picking up a serious injury in a 3-0 win over Bournemouth. And, now, they’re sweating on the fitness of Eriksen after he was forced out of the match with Reading on Saturday night. The Denmark international has been a key player for the club this term, ever since arriving from Brentford back in the summer. Yet Erik ten Hag sounded worried when quizzed on the forward, saying in the aftermath of the match: “It’s always difficult to say in this moment so short after the game has finished. “But it’s an ankle [injury]. We have to see what is the diagnosis, so it costs us a minimum of 24 hours before we know that and then I can say more.” Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Some United fans on social media have been calling on the club to now sign Tielemans from Leicester. And, certainly, that would be a wise move given the current situation. United have seen Eriksen step up ever since his arrival, having previously been devoid of a creative player in the middle of the park. With the playmaker now set for a spell on the sidelines, however, they don’t have anybody like him ready to come in. Fred has his uses and, under Ralf Rangnick last term, showed he was comfortable playing in a more advanced position. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see But he’s no specialist, far from it, and there’s a sense United will need an upgrade on the Brazilian as they look to win every competition they’re in. Scott McTominay is a similar story, too. For all of his ability, he’s never been able to score or assist at a consistent rate. United could, of course, play Bruno Fernandes in a deeper role. He was often deployed there during his time at Sporting Lisbon, after all. But it would be risky to alter the Portugal international’s position when he often flourishes as a No 10. United have long had interest in Tielemans, with the club tracking him back to his time at Anderlecht. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And given his contractual situation, the Red Devils may be able to land the Belgian before Tuesday’s transfer deadline. Leicester know that, as things stand, they’ll lose Tielemans for free at the end of the season. Yet United can perhaps satisfy the Foxes with a lower bid their rivals will have no real choice but to accept. Speaking earlier in the season, former United star Teddy Sheringham questioned whether Tielemans was good enough for such a big move. He said: “I like Tielemans, he's got some flair about him. "He's scored some lovely goals this season and that's why he's on the tip of everyone’s tongue. "It's difficult to know whether he's 100 per cent our midfielder week-in, week-out. I know he shows flashes of brilliance but it's difficult to know whether he can do it every week." United have also been linked with Marco Reus, of Borussia Dortmund. However, his age coupled with his torrid injury record means any move for the Germany international would represent a gamble.