Grout that is made with excessive water or polymer additives can result in damage that weakens the grout structure, eventually the grout can become powdery and weak, resulting in the grout cracking or grout falling out. One of the reasons why grout cracks and/or falls out is due to improper installation. This can include the incorrect grout being used, poor mixing, excessive water being used during the mixing process or shower/wet areas being used before the grout fully cures. To get the best possible results when routing between tiles, John Geraghty, a tiling expert, at myjobquote.co.uk has shared a few “simple steps” exclusively with Express.co.uk. He said: “Before you can start re-grouting the tiles, you will need to remove the old tile grout from the tiles. “When doing this, it’s best to put down a dust sheet to protect the surrounding area. Also, it’s important that you put on a dust mask and eye protection when removing the old grout.” Households should not attempt to apply new grout over the damaged existing grout. Just applying new grout over the existing grout is called skim coating grout and the new grout will not properly adhere to the old grout. Over time the new grout will start flaking and chipping away. READ MORE: 3p ‘miracle’ item to ‘dissolve’ tea cup stains without using bleach John said: “Removing tile grout is simple if you follow these steps. Start by using a grout removal blade on the tiles to remove as much of the grout as possible. “To do this, you’ll need to run the blade all the way around the edges of the tiles. Be careful when doing so as you don’t want to accidentally damage any of the tiles.” He noted that a scraper is a useful tool to help you knock out any of the leftover bits of grout from between the tiles. It’s best to vacuum the area too to remove any dust as you go along. The grout should be dug out a minimum of 3mm deep (preferably deeper) so that new grout can have a firm base and a larger surface area of the sides of the tiles to adhere to. DON'T MISS‘Very effective' 70p kitchen item to ‘kill’ houseplant white mould [TIPS]‘Easy’ DIY steps to fix a 'cold-bottom' radiator ‘yourself’ [EXPERT]‘Effective’ homemade weed killer that ‘stops weeds returning’ [COMMENT] Once all of the grout has been removed, give the tiles a wipe over with a damp sponge to remove any leftover dust. Allow the tiles to completely dry before attempting to re-grout. So how do you re-grout and polish tiles? The tiling pro said: “When grouting tiles, you can choose from ready-made grout or ready to mix grout. Tile grouts come in a range of different colours to suit your desired appearance. “Follow the steps below to re-grout, clean and polish your tiles for a professional and full finished look.” Once you’ve picked out your new grout, use a grout spreader to apply it to the tiles. READ MORE: Five ‘easy’ methods to prevent condensation, dampness and mould When grouting, the expert urged DIYers to use a diagonal motion as he claimed that this will help to “ensure the grout gets into all the gaps” between each tile. Use the edge of the grout spreader to scrape up any excess grout. You can then use this excess grout to re-apply to a different area as needed. Britons need to work as quickly as they can and wipe off any excess grout as they go along. This can be done with the help of a damp cloth. John said: “This will help to prevent some of the hard scrubbing work later on.” Where the tiles meet another area such as the floor, a window, a worktop, or a door frame, leave this section “without any grout”, urged the pro. This portion of the tiling can then be sealed with silicone later on. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Once all of the gaps between the tiles have been filled with grout, allow the grout to set for several minutes. Then, wipe over the tiles with a damp sponge. When doing this, use the same diagonal motion as before. Rinse the sponge as you go along in a bucket of water. John advised leaving the tiles for around an hour to set and then using a dry cloth to polish the tiles. He said: “This will help to remove the thin layer of powder that is likely left on the tiles.” If you aren’t comfortable with intermediate DIY tasks like these, it’s always best to consult an experienced professional.