“Delusional” Jason Penrose, 49, terrified the actress, who believed he was going to kill both her and her daughter, in a “deeply frightening” six-month campaign of harassment, a court heard. Appearing for sentence at the Old Bailey, Penrose, who has been held in a mental health unit for the past year, was handed 22 months’ imprisonment, suspended for two years, after admitting a count of stalking and two counts of breaching an interim stalking order. He also agreed to be repatriated to the United States. The court previously heard Pen-rose sent Ms Foy more than 1,000 explicit emails, inc-luding one referring rape, in one month. He also turned up at her home and repeatedly rang her doorbell. In November, Penrose pleaded guilty to stalking Ms Foy, who played the young Queen in the first two series of hit Netflix show The Crown, between August 2021 and February 2022. He also admitted two charges of breaching an interim stalking ban order by sending a letter and a parcel to the Golden Globe winner. Judge David Aaronberg KC said he remained “troubled” that Penrose, a paranoid schizophrenic, “may continue to be infatuated with Ms Foy”, despite having been repeatedly told she wants no contact. The conditions of his suspended sentence include remaining under the care of a psychiatrist in the UK until his repatriation, and that he must co-operate fully with his return to the US. The court heard he will return to Florida to live with his mother and receive further psychiatric care. If he returns to the UK during his suspended sentence, he must notify police. The judge also imposed a restraining order banning him from contacting Ms Foy, and from sending her any letters, gifts or packages. The judge said Ms Foy had “become scared and suspicious of post she does not recognise and of her front doorbell ringing” in the wake of the stalking. He said to Penrose: “She told police she was frightened to leave her property in case you might follow her.” Quoting a statement from Ms Foy, he said: “I feel like the freedoms I enjoyed before Mr Penrose contacted me have now gone. I view the world in a more fearful way.” The court previously heard Ms Foy was suffering sleepless nights and even begged colleagues not to tag her in pictures on social media in case Penrose used them to track her down. District crown prosecutor Varinder Hayre, said: “Mr Penrose claimed she was interested in him romantically and he did believe she would like to star in a movie he was planning to make.” She added: “Stalking is a devastating crime that can ruin the lives of victims. “No-one should be made to feel unsafe in their home or their life.”