Earlier today (January 31), it was reported that Britain is the only economy in the G7 estimated to shrink in 2023. According to the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the UK will see its economy contract by 0.6 percent this year which is 0.9 percentage points than originally predicted. The IMF noted that, while situations in other G7 countries have improved, rising interest rates and taxes have taken its toll on the country’s economic outlook. Within the last year, the Bank of England has opted to raise the nation’s base rate nine consecutive times. The central bank’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) made the decision in an attempt to reign in Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation which has hit a 41-year high in recent months. Another rate hike is expected later this week (February 2) of at least 0.5 percent which would take the base rate to four percent. This is primarily due to inflation currently being at 10.5 percent and a long way away from the Bank of England’s goal of a two percent rate. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come Interest rates soaring to four percent will be the highest they have been since the recession in the late 2000s. While this may be a boon for savers, Britons stuck with debt repayments and mortgage holders are among those who are adversely affected. The interest rate on credit credits are at their highest in the last quarter of a century, according to TotallyMoney. On top of this, unsecured personal loan interest rates are currently increasing at their fastest ever pace. If the 0.5 percent rate hike is implemented, the average mortgage borrower can expect to pay an extra £52 per month. Anyone who has been on a variable rate since the start of rate rises would be paying an extra £430 more per month when compared to December 2021. Andrew Hagger, a personal finance expert at Moneycomms.co.uk, outlined what another interest rate increase would mean for the country. He explained: “This tenth successive rate hike is unlikely to be the last in 2023 and will inflict further financial pain on borrowers – many of whom are already on their knees and simply unable to absorb any further cost increases.” READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Financial analysts also believe another change to the base rate is likely due to the UK’s economy being in the state that it is in. With the IMF’s latest forecast, concerns look set to continue on whether the country’s financial woes are far from over or just beginning. Thomas Pugh, an economist at RSM UK, previously broke down what the case was against increasing the base rate. Mr Pugh said: “The main argument against raising rates again is that there is evidence that the economic resilience at the end of last year hasn’t continued this year. The S&P/CIPS Composite PMI fell to 47.8 in January, a two-year low, indicating that the economy is contracting. “What’s more, most surveys are pointing to firms cutting employment as they grapple with surging costs and tepid demand. “Weaker demand for labour should eventually push up the unemployment rate and lead to slower wage growth and domestically generated inflation. “Given that interest rate rises typically take up to 18 months to have the full effect, we haven’t seen the impact of the huge surge in borrowing costs last year. “The MPC’s own forecasts made in November suggested that interest rates wouldn’t have to go higher than 3.5 percent to bring inflation down to two percent in two years’ time.”