An off-duty police officer has shot and arrested a man in his 30s who injured five people including a police officer during a bladed attack in Paris, local reports have said. A police source told journalists an officer had used their weapon towards the man carrying "home-made" blade at the Paris train station Gare du Nord. The attack took place around 6.45am this morning (Wednesday, January 11) in the station and is being looked at by criminal investigators rather than anti-terror police. The reason for the attack is currently unknown. The off-duty police officer in civilian clothes was on his way home when he reportedly subdued the man by shooting him in the arm and chest, a source told the publication Europe1. According to the publication, a policeman from the Border Police (PAF) is among those injured. The French Minister of the Interior, Gerald Darmanin, thanked the police on Twitter for their "effective and courageous response" to the attack. He said the man was "quickly neutralised". Mr Darmanin and Parisian police Chief, Laurent Nunez and the mayor, Anne Hidalgo visited the station at 9.00am. In a statement, Mr Dermanin confirmed the first attack started at 6.42am and at 6.43am the suspect was shot. He said that without "extremely rapid intervention" the consequences would have been far worse. He said the identity of the suspect, who was left in critical condition, will be known "in the next few hours" and said the blade used was homemade and "not a knife". Four of the victims, including the wounded police officer, are slightly injured and a fifth is "more seriously injured" said Mr Dermanin. The fifth victim is reportedly a woman who is "hospitalised" but not in "absolute emergency". According to local sources, in the first attack the man threw himself onto a man in the station’s forecourt and stabbed him fifteen times, leaving him seriously injured.  Locals who were in the train station at the time have reported hearing "cries" and gunshots during the incident. One source called Jaffey, awaiting a train to Calais, told Le Parisien: "It happened behind me." They said they did not "pay attention to the cries" and it was "quite confusing". Before police arrived, travellers were told to board their trains while they awaited the emergency services. French rail company SNCF reported early this morning: “The emergency services intervened and the person evacuated. A security perimeter has been established but the station continues to operate." The reporter Catherine Fournier from FranceInfo said at 6.41am (UK time) her publication had "learned from a police source that a police officer used his weapon in the direction of an individual who injured several people with knives at Gare du Nord". The attack follows a shooting that left three dead and three wounded near Gare du Nord last month. A "far-right racist" ex-train driver was arrested after he "blindly" fired a gun in the capital, causing "total panic" on Paris streets.  William M, 69, who also attacked a migrant camp with a sword last year, started shooting near the Ahmet-Kaya Kurdish Cultural Centre. The facility is in a popular part of the city, also near to Gare du Nord. In another incident in Gare du Nord, a man who threatened police officers with a knife was shot dead at around 7.00am on February 14, 2022. Gare du Nord is one of the biggest train stations in the city and includes a Eurostar terminal that takes people to the UK. 