Paramount Network’s hit western series Yellowstone is currently on a hiatus with season five scheduled to return in the summer. Although there are still a few months to go without the Duttons on screens, fans can revel in the news that Yellowstone could be on screens for at least another two seasons, according to leading star Cole Hauser.  Since Yellowstone first premiered in 2018, fans have remained enthralled by the Dutton family and their loyalty to each other. Led by patriarch, John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) the family fiercely protected their beloved Montana ranch from cunning land developers. As it’s the largest ranch in the United States, the family and their land have been under threat from businesses who want to build on it. With mounting tension in and around the Duttons, fans will be thrilled at the prospect of more seasons. READ MORE: Prince Harry's claims of Camilla 'planting stories' shut down   Thankfully, Rip Wheeler star Hauser provided major insight into the future of the series. After the actor gushed about the series, he revealed there should be two more instalments. Cole shared: “I work in the best office in the world, Montana is it. “The writing’s unbelievably tailored, the acting is superb we’ve got a great crew.”    Speaking to Entertainment Tonight, he added: “We just finished [season] five and we’ve got [season] six and [season] seven coming, so we’re excited.” When probed for more details, Cole stayed tight-lipped as he repeated: “I can tell you there will be [season] six and [there] will be a seventh, that's all I can say.” Season five is expected to make an explosive return to screens after Jamie Dutton (Wes Bentley) made the bold decision to go against his father. He went ahead with plans to remove John from his position as the Governor of Montana, in the hopes he would take his seat and power in government. DON'T MISS...Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry [INSIGHT]Yellowstone’s Wes Bentley addresses Kayce’s loyalty ties in feud [INSIGHT]Mayor of Kingstown star pays tribute to Yellowstone's Taylor Sheridan [INSIGHT]    During the gripping midseason finale, Beth Dutton (Kelly Reilly) also uncovered a family secret as she learned about the existence of the “train station”. This was a deep Dutton secret, which referred to a roadside cliff in Wyoming that the family used to get rid of the bodies of their enemies. As Beth and Jamie despised each other, they both alluded to enacting plans to permanently get rid of one another. With war raging within the family, fans will have to stay tuned to see how John will deal with this, as well as mounting pressure from Caroline Warner (Jacki Weaver).     As fans await more Yellowstone, thousands recently congratulated Kevin Costner after winning big at the 2023 Golden Globes awards. The John Dutton star was awarded Best Actor in a Drama Series for his beloved role on the show. However, due to the Santa Cruz storm, he wasn’t in attendance to pick up his award but took to social media to thank his supporters and apologise for his absence. Yellowstone season 5 will return to the Paramount Network in the USA and Paramount+ in the UK in the summer.