Jude Bellingham appears to be Liverpool’s top target for the summer transfer window but a deal that could potentially cost £150million might end up costing the Reds a couple more deals. Jurgen Klopp requires a major overhaul of his midfield, having been let down by his ageing options in the Premier League this season. But the monstrous Bellingham fee could prevent Liverpool from strengthening with further additions. Klopp has already suggested that money is tight at Anfield, so Express Sport looks at four players he might miss out on if the club sign the 19-year-old. Mason Mount Liverpool have been strongly linked with a move for Chelsea and England star Mason Mount. Talks over a new deal between the Blues and the midfielder have stalled, with the 23-year-old’s current contract ending in 2024. Chelsea remain hopeful that they can keep the academy graduate but Liverpool are lurking should they fail. Mount might be available for a surprisingly cut-price figure should he not sign a contract before the summer window, with Chelsea potentially keen to offload for a fee 12 months before his deal expires. But Liverpool could still struggle to sign Mount given that they will have spent the majority of their budget on Three Lions midfield partner Bellingham. JUST IN: Liverpool face missing out on dream Bellingham deal for two reasons Matheus Nunes Matheus Nunes was a Reds transfer target in the summer but they opted to allow the Portugal international to join Wolves from Sporting Lisbon, with a view to seeing how he performs in the Premier League. The 24-year-old has impressed for the Midlands outfit and continues to be linked with Liverpool. But given that Wolves paid a club-record £38m for his services just four months ago, the Anfield hierarchy might need to stump up a hefty figure themselves. Bellingham’s potential move might prevent them from doing so. DON'T MISS...Chelsea told they could be making a mistake with Moises CaicedoTransfer news: Man Utd eyeing £44m ace, Chelsea want four dealsJude Bellingham told how to seal Real Madrid transfer by Carragher Moises Caicedo Chelsea are believed to have had a £55m bid rejected for Brighton ace Moises Caicedo. Liverpool have also been suggested as a potential destination for the Ecuador international, despite the Blues being further ahead in the race for his signature. Chelsea’s offer could suggest that Liverpool would need to pay much more to tempt Brighton to sell, should they want to sign Caicedo. But the money might not be there. Enzo Fernandez While Liverpool need reinforcements in the further-forward midfield positions, a successor for the more defensively-minded Fabinho could also be required. Enzo Fernandez’s performances for Argentina at the World Cup prove he could be the perfect replacement for the Brazilian. But Fernandez’s release clause of around £104m could see Liverpool forced to spend over £250m on just two players in one transfer window. Given that Klopp’s squad requires a major overhaul, that situation can scarcely be justified. Fernandez is another player wanted by Chelsea. The Blues have the financial muscle to out-do Liverpool in the transfer market.