Considered a pest species, pigeons are potentially damaging birds that can cause serious trouble in a garden. It’s only natural to want to deter them. However, sometimes, in an effort to rid your garden of these winged pests, you can scare other, beneficial birds away from your property too. Express.co.uk spoke to Gulshan Hajara Banu, CEO and Founder at PestKeen, to find out how to stop them becoming a nuisance in gardens. He said: “As a pest control expert, I understand the frustration that comes with dealing with unwanted visitors in your garden, particularly pigeons. “These birds can not only damage plants and disrupt the aesthetic of your outdoor space, but their droppings can also carry diseases. However, there are several safe and effective methods for deterring pigeons from gardens.” Pigeons prefer sheltered places to set up their nests, including the eaves and roofs of sheds. To discourage them from doing so, gardeners can make use of bird netting or spikes. Gulshan said: “First, using physical barriers such as bird netting or spikes can be an effective solution. READ MORE: Common winter pests to ‘watch out for’ that ‘wreak havoc’ in homes “These barriers prevent pigeons from landing and roosting in your garden, and are especially useful for protecting specific areas or plants. “Netting can be draped over plants or placed over garden beds, while spikes can be installed on ledges, eaves, or other areas where pigeons typically perch.” Whilst bird spikes and pigeon spikes may look severe, they do not hurt birds, but prevent them from being able to land. They act as a bird deterrent to encourage them to move on to another location and are in no way cruel. As owls are considered a bird of prey, they will frighten off pest birds if the owls make their presence known in a particular area. DON'T MISSI used baking soda to clean my greasy air fryer - here’s the results [INSIGHT]‘Tacky’ interior trends to avoid that make your home appear ‘cheap’ [EXPERT]‘Easiest’ steps for a ‘even finish’ when painting behind radiators [TIPS] Using a fake owl in a nuisance bird roosting or nesting place will show results since the decoy will likely prevent the birds from landing. The pest control specialist said: “Using decoys can be an effective way to deter pigeons. For example, installing a plastic owl or a snake statue can give the impression that predators are present in the area and discourage pigeons from entering. “These decoys are a humane way to keep pigeons away without causing harm to the birds.” These devices emit loud, high-pitched sounds that are designed to mimic the distress calls of birds, which can be “effective in scaring them off”. READ MORE: ‘Natural home remedies’ that ‘effectively’ get rid of houseplant pests The expert added these devices can be triggered by motion sensors, or set to go off at specific times of the day. Additionally, you can use visual deterrents such as shiny objects or reflective tape. The pest control pro said: “Pigeons are easily frightened by shiny and reflective surfaces and would avoid them. “Hanging CDs or aluminium foil strips on trees or in the garden can be an effective way to deter pigeons.” Bird gels are sticky gels that you can place on the roof to deter pigeons. While the gels don’t trap pigeons, they do create a sensation that the birds don’t like, which discourages them from landing anywhere that they are placed. Gulshan explained: “These products are designed to make the area around your garden unappealing to pigeons, without causing harm to the birds. “They can be applied to plants, surfaces, or other areas where pigeons typically roost.”