Shane MacGowan of The Pogues took to social media for a New Year's Day video update after being rushed to hospital with swelling on his brain. The traumatic episode began not long before his birthday, which coincides with Christmas Day, and has since left him so sensitised to light that he is forced to wear sunglasses. Shane, 65, shared his plight with his 68,600 Instagram followers a matter of hours before the clock struck midnight, marking the end of another year. "Hi friends, I’m sitting here suffering from encephalitis," he sadly confirmed. The condition, which causes inflammation of the brain, can be fatal, and symptoms include seizures, fits, loss of movement and speech and even loss of consciousness. However, Shane seemed stable when he released footage wishing his fans a happy new year, explaining the reason why he'd been forced to don sunglasses to shoot the video. READ NOW: Coronation Street’s Saira Choudhry engaged to partner 23 years later "The light is killing me... but I wanted to wish you a Happy New Year and Happy Christmas," he explained. He added that he wished fans "all the luck in the world and all the love", before signing off: "Happy Christmas and Happy New Year, love Shane." The suffering star also contracted shingles - the adult version of chicken pox, affecting those who still have the virus in their bodies from a previous infection. The shingles attack even spread to his eye, which left concerned doctors eager to hospitalise him for two weeks. Fortunately his eagle-eyed wife Victoria, who is 56, quickly spotted the signs that something was amiss. She told the Independent that she'd noticed a tell-tale rash on his face, lamenting: "His eye was getting red and began to close over. "I called the doctor and the doctor said it was very dangerous so we had to get him to the hospital straight away." Once there, she was explained that the shingles had entered his brain, meaning he had to have a drip administered and remain in the care of doctors for two weeks.  According to reports by Victoria, he was extremely "frustrated" for the duration of his stay and desperate to head home. Thankfully, Shane was released in time for Christmas and was able to spend the festive season with family, something which left the pair "incredibly grateful". However it's early days for his recovery and he is still feeling very delicate, hence the sunglasses in his video. This isn't the first time the unlucky Fairytale of New York singer, who founded the now legendary group The Pogues, has suffered a health crisis. In fact, he suffered a fall which confined him to a wheelchair back in 2016. The intensity of his stumble left him with a broken pelvis and requiring a carer at his home in Dublin. He sent out a sorrowful message admitting "I can't walk anymore", while he has also battled issues such as addiction. He later suffered a follow-up accident which left his knee shattered and some ligaments torn. Fortunately, Shane has also been able to rely on TLC from his wife, to whom he has been married for over 35 years. The pair didn't get around to tying the knot until 2018, when they wed in Denmark, at Copenhagen City Hall. Their close friend, Pirates of the Caribbean actor Johnny Depp, performed at their wedding bash. Victoria urged the world to send "healing vibes" to Shane as he continues to soldier towards a full recovery.