Washing your hair is an obvious step in the pursuit of healthy and glossy locks, but according to two stylists, overdoing the task is just one of a number of hair-washing mistakes people commonly fall into. “Maintaining healthy hair needs to be a priority so that you have the freedom to explore new styles and trends,” Jay Birmingham, a celebrity stylist who has tended to the tresses of stars including Khole Kardashian, Amanda Holden and Rochelle Humes, told Express.co.uk. “The key to healthy hair is hydration.” Naturally, a regular washing schedule is crucial to this, but you should be careful not to overdo it. “Overwashing your hair can result in your scalp being stripped of natural oils and over-styling your hair with heated tools can also damage your hair,” Jay explained. As we get older, our hair texture changes significantly. Hair will slowly become drier, coarser, and thinner over the years. This is largely down to the oils which our scalp relies on for nourishment. With age, these natural oils dry up, meaning you may notice your hair becomes drier or frizzier, and in some cases, it may even lead to breakage. Overwashing can only worsen these changes. READ MORE: Mum furious as she's told to stop putting Pringles in son's lunchbox Hairstylist and owner of London and Surrey salons Hare and Bone, Sam Burnett, told Express.co.uk: “Over washing the hair can not only dry it out your hair but also your scalp. “Over washing your hair can result in your scalp being stripped of natural oils and over styling your hair with heated tools can also damage your hair.” Both stylists agreed that washing your hair “every two to three days depending on your hair type” is the key to maintaining the health of your locks. However, the products you use can also make a world of difference. “Hydration starts from the inside with your water intake and your diet, but primarily from the products you use,” said Jay. The stylists recommend finding products which are either suitable for all hair types or honing in on the specific needs of your hair. DON'T MISSHair colours mature women should avoid or risk looking 'washed out' [COMMENT]Kate Middleton rewears £2400 outfit for Windsor Castle appearance [INSIGHT]3 hair changes can make you look '10 years younger' [VIDEO] For those who find their hair needs a little “extra help between washes” Sam recommends using a dry shampoo. “I would also recommend regularly exfoliating your scalp once or twice a month to remove any dry areas and promote healthy hair growth,” he added. However, hair care doesn’t start and end with a healthy washing schedule, as Sam points out there are also some mistakes people commonly make once they step out of the shower. “Avoid leaving the house with wet hair in the colder months, as this can dry out the scalp and cause flaking,” he explained. “If you like to dry your hair naturally, dry off the roots or wash your hair in the evenings. “Another common mistake that can cause damage is not brushing hair through after washing and allowing tangles to dry in. “Brushing them out can cause breakage, so ensure to comb the hair through when the conditioner is on or after towel drying with the aid of a good leave-in conditioning spray.” Sam shared some of his top products with Express.co.uk to help maintain healthy, glossy hair. In the shower "KMS Conscious Style Shampoo (£17.40) is a great shampoo designed for all hair types," said Sam. "KMS Moist Repair Conditioner (£20.10) is a light, moisturising and restorative leave-in conditioner." Between washes "If you feel like your hair needs some extra help between washes, KMS Conscious Style Cleansing Mist (£20.10) is a total game changer - simply spray on to “lived in” or oily roots and leave to dry for 30 seconds and brush to actually cleanse your without any residue," he explained. For a healthy scalp Sam also recommends taking some time to exfoliate your scalp. He said: "Goldwell Keraslik Revitalizing Range (available at Sephora) has some amazing scalp products that also condition and smooth the hair."