Kate, the Princess of Wales, has treated her fans to a new glimpse into her private life. The royal launched a new awareness campaign, Shaping Us, via her Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood over the weekend. She promoted the campaign by recording a message to children posted to Instagram and, in doing so, provided a rare insight into her life. The Princess posted a video on Saturday, January 28, that looked from the top down as she flicked through a scrapbook. As she does so, she writes messages with a pen, showing off refined handwriting. In her first message, she writes "what shapes us?" in neat cursive text next to a photograph of a man. The video sees her turn several more pages before settling on one with pictures of three children. READ MORE: Harry hates being ‘lumped with Andrew’ as issue ‘totally different’ She removes the portrait of a girl in the middle, revealing a hidden written passage. The Princess wrote: "Our early childhood shapes the adults we become." The stylistic video concludes with her closing the book and a card displaying The Centre for Early Childhood flashing on screen. The footage was one of the few times the Princess of Wales has exhibited her handwriting for the camera. But it was not the first, and experts have used previous campaigns to explain what her writing script says about her personality. Following another early childhood campaign in 2020, leading graphologist Emma Bache said the Princess writes with a "regular, well-balanced script". She told Express.co.uk the royal is "sociable and well organised" but also a "perfectionist in all that she does". Ms Bache said the writing style suggests she "can be a tough taskmaster with others but also herself". The handwriting loops visible in the latest video also offer insight into her "emotional character". The expert said the loops showcase "strong emotional character" while increasing spaces between her words suggest an "increasing desire for privacy in her life". The Duchess’ handwriting featured large loops, which Emma said shows her emotional character. The weekend scrapbook video came ahead of an open letter shared by the royal promoting her campaign. In the letter, she outlines the critical need to focus on the earliest years of a child's life. She states that "as a society" people spend most of their "time and energy" focusing on later life. But through her upcoming campaign, she said she is working to change that with help from experts. The Princess said she has enlisted experts from scientific, research, policy-making and front-line practice fields alongside "well-known faces from music, sport and television" to back her campaign.