Prince Harry once credited his ability in an Apache helicopter to his time gaming, and his time in Afghanistan is once again under the spotlight following leaks from his upcoming memoir 'Spare'. The Duke of Sussex has been met with criticism from some military figures in recent days after he revealed that he killed 25 Taliban fighters while serving in the Army. Harry also described how he saw his enemy in Afghanistan as "chess pieces" being wiped off a board, not "human beings". Some have said that it was wrong for Harry to reveal his "kill count". It isn't the first time Harry has spoken about his service in the military in an open way. Back in 2013, he discussed his experiences in Afghanistan with the Guardian. The Prince served in two tours in Afghanistan – 2007-2008 and 2012-2013. He attended the Defence Helicopter Flying School at RAF Shawbury, learning how to fly a helicopter. Harry went on to become an Apache helicopter pilot and credited his skills in the air to playing on the PlayStation when he was younger. He said at the time: "I don't know, I'm one of those people, that during my flying course especially, I would be fine at flying. "I probably should have done a lot more reading, but I was fine at flying. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan's brought welcomed addition to monarchy "And then every now and then a written test would come up, and I'd be absolutely useless and I've been like that from stage one of my youth. "Exams were always a nightmare, but anything like kicking a ball around or playing PlayStation - or flying - I do generally find a little bit easier than walking, sometimes. "I think back in - whenever it was, two years ago - when it was all decided, it was never expected. "Because being a junior captain, or a lieutenant then that I was and a non-grad (non graduate), obviously not going to university, therefore the army presume you to be less intelligent, which is nice of them - probably true. "But there were a couple of us that got pushed forward to the front seat instead of the back seat. DON'T MISSPrince Harry and Meghan's brought welcomed addition to monarchy [INSIGHT]Lilibet christening: Royals have 'no appetite' to organise it [ANALYSIS]Beatrice stepped out in Sophie Wessex's baby pink dress - pictures [INSIGHT] "It's a joy for me because I'm one of those people who loves playing PlayStation and Xbox, so with my thumbs I like to think that I'm probably quite useful. "You can ask the guys, I thrash them at Fifa the whole time." Harry's confession about his time in Afghanistan this week may have sparked a lot of debate, but his interview with ITV on Sunday could cause even more controversy at a time when his relationship with the Royal Family has hit rock bottom. The interview airs at 6pm, and will show Harry as he says he wants his father King Charles and brother Prince William "back". Harry has also claimed that William physically attacked him back in 2019, grabbing him by the neck and pushing him to the ground. In Harry's book, he also describes William as his "beloved brother" but also his "archnemesis".