Law & Order season 22 will be returning to screens in America on NBC this evening (January 5) after a midseason hiatus. The show went on a break back in December last year but finally, fans will be getting fresh episodes. The original Law & Order, along with its spin-offs Special Victims Unit (SVU) and Organized Crime will all be hitting screens giving viewers their fix. The next episode of Law & Order is called Land of Opportunity and is a crossover instalment of the show which sees characters from SVU and Organised Crime. A summary from NBC for Land of Opportunity reads: “When a homeless migrant is murdered, evidence leads Cosgrove and Shaw to a mysterious cover-up at a construction site. “Price and Maroun push a key witness to testify knowing that speaking out could lead to legal consequences.” A brief preview has also been released which teased the forthcoming outing and saw Assistant District Attorney Samantha Maroun (played by Odelya Halevi) commenting: “This was the most horrific crime I’ve ever seen.” READ MORE: Why did Paul Sorvino leave Law and Order as Phil Cerreta? Executive Assistant District Attorney Nolan Price (Hugh Dancy) tells Maroun: “There is a resemblance between him and your sister’s case. You should take it over.” The teaser cuts to Maroun standing up in court as she prepares to bring a man to justice. As fans will remember, Maroun’s sister was sadly raped and murdered in 2013 in Georgia. Along with the regular cast members, there will be some guest stars in Land of Opportunity. Mary Erickson - Robyn Ross Robyn Ross takes on the role of Mary Erickson in the instalment and had featured in many projects throughout her career. She played Mrs Klump in Riverdale, Marnie in The L Word and Brooke Morgan in the TV series Hillside. Sonya Hodgins - Tyra Joy Smith Up-and-coming star Tyra Joy Smith portrays Sonya Hodgins after appearing in a number of films and TV shows. She is known for Judas and the Black Messiah, Saving Savanna, New Amsterdam and the festive TV movie Twas the Chaos before Christmas. Travis - Noah Crandell Relative newcomer Noah Crandell will be starring as a character called Travis. Among Crandell’s roles credits include Dukeland, Midnight Runner and Limbs and he will next be starring in Toe Tag and Poker Face. Jesse Erickson - Brandon Tyler Moore Another rising star is Brandon Tyler Moore who plays the part of Jesse Erickson. Moore has appeared in Mayor of Kingstown, Dead Silent Condor’s Nest and Just What the Doctor Ordered. DON'T MISS...Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer [VIEWER REACTION]Camilla Tominey shuts down This Morning host in probe over Harry [VIDEO]Ruth Langsford shares Eamonn Holmes bedroom confession [INSIGHT] According to IMDb, he will next be starring in Broken Ties, Black Spartans and Dark Zone. Among the main stars appearing in Land of Opportunity will be Sam Waterson as Jack McCoy, Jeffrey Donovan as Frank Cosgrove, Camryn Manhein as Kate Dixon and Mehcad Brooks as Jalen Shaw. Additionally, Connie Shi reprises her role as Detective Violet Yee with the actress also appearing in And Just Like That, Better and Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. Shi is also known for starring in Russian Doll, Law & Order: Organised Crime, Law & Order: SVU and NCIS: New Orleans. Law & Order airs on Thursdays at 8/7c on NBC and you can stream it on Peacock