Mould is a common sight in many homes, especially in the colder months when central heating is switched on. Express.co.uk spoke to Olivia Young, Astonish’s Cleaning Chemist about the best ways to clean mould. Olivia explained what mould and mildew are: “Both are types of fungi that develop as a result of excessive moisture in confined areas. “Mould will tend to have a higher profile and can become fuzzy over time and is usually darker in colour (usually green or black), whilst mildew is usually flat and may begin white in colour, turning brown or grey over time.” As for how mould grows, the expert added: “Mould is often formed in humid and damp conditions where there is a lot of condensation. “Key places inside the home include kitchens or bathrooms as steam from showering or cooking helps the mould grow. Mould will often develop in areas where there is poor ventilation. READ MORE: Banish ‘terrible’ smells from washing machines using £1.25 item “Mould and mildew are typically associated with humid or wetter seasons – which is why the winter is a prime season for it to develop. When the weather becomes cold and we turn our heating on at home, the manufactured warmth reacts with the cooler conditions outside. “This reaction, of hot air with cold windows or the rising warmth into cooler attic spaces, causes a build-up of condensation, which is the perfect environment for both mould and mildew to thrive. “Areas such as windows and shower curtains are the most common places for mould to expand and grow, as a result of the precipitation and dew,” she added. “Doorways and places where moisture collects on the ground are also common culprits, as well as any areas where there may be leaks or openings, allowing the moisture to make its way inside.” DON'T MISS...Six tried and tested methods to stop onions making you cry [EXPERT]Makeup mistakes women over 50 make that can ‘add years to your face’ [COMMENT]Every Chinese zodiac animal explained ahead of Chinese New Year 2023 [FULL LIST] As for how you can remove mould, Olivia said: “There are many effective ways to banish mould and mildew during the colder seasons, which can also prevent it from returning. “Balancing the internal environment of the home is one of the primary ways to eliminate any growth - this can be achieved by using a dehumidifier to maintain a constant room humidity/level of moisture. “It’s also important to turn on the extractor fan after cooking or taking a shower, which will eliminate condensation and prevent creating a damp environment for mould and mildew to grow.”  “For areas where mould and mildew are already a problem, Astonish’s Mould & Mildew Blaster effectively blasts away any tough stains in just a matter of minutes,” Olivia said. READ MORE: ‘Effortless’ method to remove yellow pillow stains without bleach “For a long-lasting solution to tackle the build-up of mould and mildew, the spray can be used regularly to prevent an environment where it might otherwise grow. “The product is easy to use, needing only one spray followed by a rinse or a wipe with a damp cloth. “Costing only £1.25 (1p for every nine sprays) it is a quick and cost-effective method for ensuring walls, window frames, glass, shower curtains, tiles, concrete or sinks and plugholes remain mould free, without the need for scrubbing.” As for how well it works, the product has a five-star rating online. Ebele A wrote: “That's definitely the best in the market at the moment .. it removes mould and mildew in some minutes without even need of wiping away.” BW commented: “I had some nasty mould under my window sill and on the window frames but a good zap from this product sent it packing after applying it twice and dry wiping it off!” Lee T said: “I was given so many different pieces of advice on what to use, who would have thought this budget-friendly one works the best? My new go-to for removing black mould.” As for what other steps can be taken to get rid of mould and prevent it from returning, Olivia revealed: “You can help prevent mould from growing back by carrying out a few preventive measures. For example: