Liverpool could have a chance at stealing Thiago Silva from Chelsea, as the Blues have been warned against handing the Brazilian defender a new contract at Stamford Bridge. The 38-year-old has been one of the standout players in a disappointing campaign for Graham Potter’s outfit, though his current contract expires at the end of the season. He reportedly is on the verge of agreeing a new one-year extension at the club which will keep him at Chelsea beyond his 39th birthday. His experience is set to be vital in guiding the Blues into the next phase of their rebuild under Potter, though former Liverpool striker Stan Collymore has claimed that he is holding his team-mates back and should not be offered a contract extension. “He’s been one of Chelsea’s most consistent performers and I’m certainly not disputing how good a defender he is, but when I mentioned the other week that he should be on the Blues’ ‘to be sold’ list, what I meant by that was the club should now be looking to integrate the next generation,” Collymore told CaughtOffside. “I’m sure Silva can still do a job at the back, but at the age of 38, he’s very unlikely to be playing the same kind of part he is now in two or three years. If they’re looking to give him an 18-month extension, fine, but it should be with a view to him transitioning into a more mentor or coaching role, to help bring through whoever is going to be the club’s long-term centre-back pairing. “I just think his presence in the first team is now starting to hinder the younger players and their development. I’d love to see a Chelsea team in two years with a couple of 22-year-olds at the back and who knows, one of them could go on to be the next John Terry.” If Chelsea agree with Collymore and do not finalise Silva’s new contract, he could be available for one of their rivals to swoop in on. Liverpool have been urged to consider signing the centre-back on a free transfer in a bid to solve their defensive woes, but would likely only have a chance at getting the Brazil captain if he cannot agree on fresh terms at Stamford Bridge. DON'T MISSTransfer news LIVE: Arsenal £60m Caicedo bid, Chelsea deals die, Gordon swapCaicedo 'responds to Arsenal bid' with private Brighton messageArsenal chief Edu has 'considerable funds to spend' with next signing decided “He was outstanding again for Chelsea [in the 0-0 draw with Liverpool],” former Chelsea striker Tony Cascarino said as he praised the defender before urging Jurgen Klopp’s outfit to sign Silva. “Thiago Silva. He has got the [Paolo] Maldini in him, [can] play until 40 quite comfortably. If Chelsea didn’t offer a contract to him at the end of the season, there will be plenty that would without a doubt, because I would. If I was in a management position, I would be saying ‘I will take him for a year’, absolutely. “Yeah [I would take him at Liverpool], if I could get him for nothing I would get him in absolutely, he is a fabulous footballer. He is so composed, rarely gets in trouble, everybody talks about his age and people think you can get behind him and run him, I can’t think of many who have actually outran him and got in behind, he seems to read the game so well.”