The book is set to hit shelves next week, but some parts of the highly-anticipated publication have been leaked, including one recollection from The Duke of Sussex which alleged Prince William "physically attacked" him in 2019. As Lorraine Kelly dedicated much of the coverage of her self-titled ITV chat show to the revelations, she went on to remark "that's enough now," while ITV colleague Ria Hebden defended the royal couple's decision to step away from the monarchy. Lorraine often gives her view on the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, so had a lot to say about the latest news. Prince Harry claimed his brother Prince William physically attacked him during a confrontation over his wife Meghan Markle. In his upcoming memoir, Spare, the Duke of Sussex alleged the incident took place in London in 2019. As she addressed the rift between the brothers, Lorraine remarked: "It's very, very difficult. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly shut down by rail boss over strike 'celebrity' probe' "And I don't see how they can find a way. I hope they can find a way back, but I don't know." Ria replied: "The Netflix documentary was interesting, though. "I mean, that was explosive and the most-watched documentary on Netflix. "I actually thought their love came across as genuine. "And I actually respect Harry, because I think, as a husband and a father, if an environment isn't working well with mental health, I think it's smart to remove them from that." "Oh, absolutely," Lorraine agreed, but she went on to challenge the Duke and Duchess' approach. "But maybe that's enough now," she remarked. "You've said your piece and you've said it and said it and said it. "And, you know, you're in a beautiful part of the world. DON'T MISS... This Morning row erupts over Royal Family's 'dignified silence' [LATEST]Karren Brady details off-screen friendship with The Apprentice star [EXCLUSIVE]Eamonn Holmes confirms return to GB News after 'hellish' operation [LATEST] "You've got a wife that you love very much, two happy and healthy children - go and be happy!" She repeated: "Just go and be happy," as Ria nodded.  The programme also sparked debate as some sympathised with the Duke and Duchess, while others blasted the criticism of the Royal Family. Harry also delved into his troubled relationship with William during the documentary. He claimed during discussions about him wanting to step away from the monarchy, the Prince of Wales "screamed" in his face. The Prince went on to say he felt "terrified" and the late Queen Elizabeth II silently witnessed the row. Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.