It is a benefit administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to around 1.8 million people. However millions more state pensioners could be missing out on an extra £92 a week in disability benefit payments if they have a certain health condition or illness. On the DWP’s website, pensioners are able to see how they can qualify for Attendance Allowance and other disability benefits. According to the Government department, someone is eligible for the benefit if they “have a physical disability, a mental disability (including learning difficulties), or both”. How much money someone gets from Attendance Allowance is dependent on the “severity” of their condition, according to the DWP. Claimants can get between £61.85 or £92.40 a week, however they must have required help for at least six months to be eligible for the cash boost. READ MORE: 'Had no money left' - Santander alerts customers to scam which saw woman hand over £2,000 Those suffering from a severe health condition or illness would therefore get £369.60 from Attendance Allowance. The benefit is not means-tested, and therefore what someone earns or how much they have in savings will not affect the amount they receive. All benefit payments will rise in line with inflation from April next year to help people through the cost of living crisis. The 10.1 percent payment boost means people on the lower rate will see their payments increase to £68.10 while the upper rate will increase to £101.73.  READ MORE: Dragons' Den's 'best invention' sells worldwide with annual turnover worth £2.2million Pensioners will therefore get between £247.40 and £406.92 every four weeks. On its website, Age UK has tips for state pensioners who are looking to apply for Attendance Allowance. The charity stated: “When filling out the form, be really clear about how your illness or disability affects your life and attach any supporting information, such as GP letters, your care plans, or prescription lists. “Once you've submitted your form, the Department of Work and Pensions may contact you for more information or arrange a doctor visit. “It's a good idea to prepare for this visit by writing things down you think the doctor should know about. “You'll get a letter about whether or not you’ll get Attendance Allowance, how much, and from what date. “If you’re not happy with the decision, you can appeal. We have more information about appealing a benefits decision.” Applicants call the Attendance Allowance helpline on 0800 731 0122 or textphone 0800 731 0317. Alternatively, they can download a claim form from the GOV.UK website and fill in the form physically.