André Rieu is bringing the Johann Strauss Orhcestra to a number of massive UK venues this year, including London's Wembley Arena. The Dutch violinist's tour will span three months this year, and tickets are already on sale. But act fast, as they're expected to move quickly. André Rieu tickets are available for purchase at Ticketmaster. The star's 14-date tour kicks off on April 13, 2023, and will begin with two bumper shows at London's OVO Arena Wembley. After that, he'll be moving to Birmingham to play at the Resorts World Arena. Tickets for these three shows can be purchased on the star's official website. After making a pit stop in Belfast at the SSE Arena, he'll be moving across Ireland to Dublin. There, he'll be playing two massive nights at the Dublin 3Arena. Buy tickets to André Rieu in Dublin night ONE here. Buy tickets to André Rieu in Dublin night TWO here. Scroll down for a full list of André Rieu tour dates. After enjoying one night in Nottingham at the Motorpoint Arena, Rieu will hit Leeds' First Direct Arena. Buy tickets to André Rieu in Leeds here. Manchester is up next, with the classical musician hitting the city's AO Arena in the process. Buy tickets to André Rieu in Manchester here. Rieu will also be hitting Sheffield's Utilita Arena for one powerful night of music within his romantic and joyful show. After taking his enormous show to Aberdeen's P and J Live, he'll be finishing up the Scottish leg of his tour with two massive nights as Glasgow's OVO Hydro. Buy tickets to André Rieu in Glasgow night ONE here. Buy tickets to André Rieu in Glasgow night TWO here. Rieu will then bring his British tour to an end with one final date in Liverpool's M+S Bank Arena. Tickets for this show can be purchased on the star's official website. Scroll down for a full list of André Rieu tour dates. Last year, Rieu toured all of Central Europe as well as South America, before journeying through Eastern Europe and Israel. The violinist "regularly outsells the most famous pop and rock stars" from around the world, and it's easy to see why when you hear his stunning mix of classic, waltzes, film and opera music from his fiddle. He most recently had success with his latest Christmas album, Silver Bells, which reached the top five in the UK. This marks his 16th album to be in the UK's top ten, selling more than 40 million albums worldwide. Scroll down for a full list of André Rieu tour dates. Buy André Rieu tickets here. 13 April - London OVO Arena Wembley 14 April - London OVO Arena Wembley 15 April - Birmingham Resorts World Arena 20 April - SSE Arena Belfast 21 April - Dublin 3Arena 22 April - Dublin 3Arena 10 May - Nottingham Motorpoint Arena 11 May - Leeds First Direct Arena 12 May - Manchester AO Arena 13 May - Sheffield Utilita Arena 25 May - Aberdeen P&J Live 26 May - Glasgow OVO Hydro 27 May - Glasgow OVO Hydro 24 June - Liverpool M&S Bank Arena