Brendan Fraser, 54, took home the Best Actor award for his performance in The Whale, which he tearfully said, was about "finding the light in a dark place". The actor has been hotly tipped for several major awards for his role in the film, but the Critics Choice Award win is his first.   Brendan was soon inundated with praise on social media. US journalist Kenneth Moton tweeted: "Beautiful acceptance speech from Brendan Fraser. "Also…actors should think of the 'playing off' music as an opportunity to give their speech/inspirational words a soundtrack for greater impact…because this one was so good." Andrew Powell echoed: "Brendan Fraser's speech at the Critics' Choice Awards makes me so happy. I teared up the whole time." Courtney Theriault added: "Brendan Fraser just transformed a lifetime of emotion into a 60-seconds speech that will lift you up higher than a hot air balloon." DON'T MISSLisa Marie Presley's family 'in 3 way custody battle over her twins'[NEWS]Jack Nicholson's pals fear Hollywood star, 85, has become a recluse[INSIGHT]Piers Morgan says 'I've become a father again'[LATEST] Luke Hearfield said: "People were saying critics don’t like The Whale (which might be true) but even they still loved and appreciated Brendan Fraser’s heart-wrenching performance. "So nice to see him get the recognition for what is debatably THE performance of the year. And that speech [holding back tears emoji]." And Jeremy shared a clip of the speech and penned: "Powerful stuff. And so happy for the revitalization of Brendan Fraser’s career." Brendan first rose to fame in the 1990s with notable roles in movies such as Gods and Monsters (1998) and The Mummy (1999). He continued to star in several popular films but took a step back from the spotlight in the late 2000s due to personal struggles. He underwent numerous surgeries to correct damage caused by doing his own stunts for years. In 2007, he also split from his wife of nine years, with whom he shares three children. He also struggled with the death of his mother, Carol, in 2016.