Chelsea star Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has been warned that his Stamford Bridge career is “done” and the Blues have been tipped to sell the striker in January, just a few months after he joined the club in the summer. The ex-Arsenal and Barcelona man has struggled to make an impact during his second stint in London and recently did not help his cause in the 1-0 Premier League defeat to Manchester City on Thursday. The Gabon striker was an early substitute off the bench for Raheem Sterling after the England forward was forced off with an injury, but Aubameyang was then brought off the pitch in the second half despite only entering it as a substitute himself 65 minutes prior. Arsenal icon Paul Merson believes that Graham Potter broke an unwritten rule by substituting Aubameyang both on and off the pitch, and tipped the striker to leave the club. “Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was taken off after coming on as a substitute in the first game against Man City and I think he will now be moved on,” Merson wrote for Sky Sports. “I think they will cut their ties with him. “As soon as you are sub-subbing a 30-something player, I think that is probably the end. Maybe you can get away with it with a younger player, but in football it's one of those unwritten rules. It's a don't-do. But Potter did it with him at 33 and, for me, I think he's done. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE “It's an example of why recruitment is such a big problem for Chelsea. They have brought a couple of players in already and it looks like they are going to have a go in the transfer window. They have to. The top four looks very far away right now but there's a long way to go.” The pressure has been building on Potter as the Blues currently sit tenth in the league table, and have been knocked out of both domestic cups already this campaign. Chelsea fans sang previous boss Thomas Tuchel’s name at Stamford Bridge in their defeat to Manchester City, but Merson has called for the ex-Brighton coach to be given time at the club. READ MOREArsenal target Mykhaylo Mudryk's agent sets record straight on '£70m Chelsea bid'Shakhtar chief spotted yards from Todd Boehly as Chelsea and Arsenal battle intensifiesMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMW  He added: “If you do that January business and, all of a sudden, Potter goes a week or two later, then another manager will come in and say, 'Well, I don't like him, I didn't want him.' “That's what's happened with Aubameyang. Potter did not want him, but if he is now sacked and someone else comes in, they will go, 'Well, I don't want that centre-half or that centre-half.' Then it's like you are going around in circles again. That's why Potter has got to be given more time in my opinion.” Chelsea have agreed a deal for Joao Felix to join the club this month on a loan deal from Atletico Madrid, as Potter looks to bolster his attacking options while Aubameyang and co continue to struggle in front of goal.