Prince Harry was reminded of the rules he had to follow when he revealed his intentions to propose to Meghan Markle, reports suggest. It was pointed out to the Duke that he needed to ask Queen Elizabeth II for permission, the Mirror reports. In his highly-controversial memoir, Harry recalled the moment he asked his grandmother for permission, revealing that it left him speechless. The Duke of Sussex admitted in his book that he was nervous to ask the question and decided to wait for when the Queen would be in a "good mood". But he added that it "didn't make any sense" for him to have to get permission. Admitting his mind was racing Harry asked the late monarch: "I've been told that I have to ask your permission before I can propose". The Queen replied: "You have to?" Harry revealed he was surprised by the response telling the Queen he had been told he needed permission. The Queen added: "Well then, I suppose I have to say yes." The Duke of Sussex wrote: "I didn't get it. Was she being sarcastic? Ironic? Deliberately cryptic? Was she indulging in a bit of wordplay? "I'd never known Granny to do any wordplay and this would be a surpassingly bizarre moment (not to mention widely inconvenient) for her to start, but maybe se just saw the chance to play off my unfortunate use of the world "have" and couldn't resist". READ MORE:Harry appears 'relaxed' in US interview after past 'protective mode' Confused by her response Prince Harry said he felt like a "muppet" for not realising she was saying yes. Harry revealed more about he popped the question to Meghan in their recent Netflix docuseries. He said: "I did pop a bottle of champagne while she was roasting a chicken and that kind of slightly gave the game away. "She was like, 'You never drink champagne, what's the occasion?' And I was like, 'I don't know, I just had it like, lying around". Recalling the moment in their engagement interview, Harry said: "She didn't even let me finish. She said, "Can I say yes? Can I say yes?" and then were was hugs and I had the ring in my finger and I was like, "Can I - can I give you the ring?" "She goes, "Oh yes the ring." So no it was - it was a really nice moment, it was just the two of us and I think managed to catch - catch her by surprise as well and married the following April at St George's Chapel in Windsor.