The man accused of murdering four University of Idaho students is claimed to have avoided leaving a trail of evidence by wearing gloves in public places. Bryan Kohberger, 28, was arrested at his family's home in Pennsylvania on Friday following a six-week investigation. A friend of one of the police officers on the case has alleged the suspect "has been very careful". They told DailyMail.com: "A good friend of ours was one of the cops who has been following him the last couple of days. "He followed him into a Giant (local grocery store) and wore gloves the entire time." Kohberger is also claimed to have stalked the four students who lived just a 15-minute drive from his university in Washington. The source added: "Not sure if they ever interacted - but his cell phone pings followed their every move for weeks." READ MORE: Idaho murder weapon offers 'horrendous' insight killer - ex-FBI agent  The PhD student and teaching assistant in the Department of Criminal Justice and Criminology was taken into custody early Friday morning by the Pennsylvania State Police at his parents' home in Chestnuthill Township, authorities said. "We believe we've got our man,” Moscow Police Department Captain Anthony Dahlinger told The Associated Press on Saturday. Investigators obtained samples of Kohberger’s DNA directly from the suspect after he was arrested, Dahlinger said. "He's the one that we believe is responsible for all four of the murders," he said. Bill Thompson, a prosecutor in Latah County, Idaho, said during a press conference Friday that investigators believe Kohberger broke into the University of Idaho students’ home near campus “with the intent to commit murder.” The bodies of students Kaylee Goncalves, Madison Mogen, Xana Kernodle and Ethan Chapin were found on Nov. 13, several hours after investigators believe they died. The arrest in the disturbing case brought a sense of relief to the small northern Idaho college town after weeks passed with little information released by police. But it has also raised questions about whether the suspect knew the victims, what he has been doing in the weeks since the killings and how authorities tracked him down in Pennsylvania. Many of those details will be released after Kohberger makes his first appearance in an Idaho courtroom, Dahlinger said. State law prohibits police from releasing most investigation records while the investigation is underway, and investigators kept many details about the investigation secret to avoid damaging the case, he said. “I just really hope that everybody out there can understand the ‘why’ behind us holding a lot of information close to our vest,” Dahlinger said. “This is the positive outcome that we were searching for the entire time.” DON'T MISS Highway left submerged after flash flooding in California [INSIGHT]Hunter Biden's baby mama seeking name change for daughter [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry to drop 'explosive' interview on 60 minutes this Sunday [VIDEO] Kohberger's attorney, chief public defender Jason LaBar, said Kohberger is eager to be exonerated and plans to tell a judge in Monroe County, Pennsylvania on Tuesday that he will waive his extradition hearing so he can be quickly brought to Idaho. LaBar also cautioned people against passing judgment on the case until a fair trial is held. The case has generated massive amounts of speculation on social media, with would-be sleuths suggesting possible motives and frequently trying to pin the blame for the deaths on various friends and acquaintances of the victims. “Mr Kohberger has been accused of very serious crimes, but the American justice system cloaks him in a veil of innocence,” LaBar wrote in a prepared statement. “He should be presumed innocent until proven otherwise — not tried in the court of public opinion.” Police are now trying to understand “every aspect” of Kohberger, Dahlinger said. When the arrest was announced, investigators asked that anyone that knows Kohberger call a tip line to share information.