With only two days remaining in the winter transfer window, Premier League clubs such as Arsenal, Manchester United, Liverpool and Chelsea will be making preparations to finalise their transfer plans for the season. But the unpredictability of deadline day means there is still time for some unlikely deals to go through before the clock strikes 11pm on January 31. With the Premier League title race on between Arsenal and Manchester City, Mikel Arteta and Pep Guardiola must ensure their squads are filled with talent and squad depth. Behind them, teams such as Manchester United, Newcastle and Tottenham are scrapping for a top-four finish, while Chelsea and Liverpool are not excluded from the equation. And with that in mind, some last-minute shopping may happen as managers search frantically for reinforcements. Express Sport looks at potential targets for Jurgen Klopp, Erik ten Hag and Mikel Arteta to consider in the final 48 hours of the window. READ MORE: Liverpool could have signed Caicedo for £85m less than Arsenal may pay Benfica have made it as clear as a summer day in Lisbon that Chelsea must fork out the full £105million fee (€120m) required to trigger Fernandez's release clause if they wish to sign the 21-year-old. It is almost a game of brinkmanship in transfer negotiations after the Blues failed in their attempts to thrash out a deal. But in choosing the nuclear option, the Portuguese giants are entering dangerous territory of tempting Todd Boehly into sanctioning the deal which would complete the final puzzle in Graham Potter's side. And while that appears unlikely after the west London club spent £180m this month alone, Boehly can no longer be underestimated when it comes to financial responsibility. It seems the most feasible option for Thuram is to enjoy the final five months of the season with Borussia Monchengladbach before picking from the inevitable variety of clubs to join on a free transfer. The France international has refused to sign a renewal with the Bundesliga outfit and is poised to leave this summer, with Chelsea, United and Liverpool all understood to be keen. The 25-year-old knows that he can probably secure a higher wage and signing-on fee in the summer as he will not command a transfer fee. But the chance to nab a striker who already has double digits in a top five European league for around £10m may be too tempting to pass up for Arsenal, who won't have Gabriel Jesus back for a few weeks yet. Real Madrid said no, his agent rubbished claims that he could leave, but nothing can ever be ruled out in a transfer window. Camavinga is in a sticky situation at the Santiago Bernabeu whereby he is getting just enough playing time to keep him satisfied, but not enough to quell speculation of a loan move away. Arsenal have shown their interest already as Mikel Arteta is still looking for a central midfielder to bring in and, if Madrid indicate they are open to letting the Frenchman leave in a temporary switch, it would represent an exciting end to the window for Arsenal fans. Arsenal want a midfielder and it looks more likely than not, at this stage, that Moises Caicedo will be the man who arrives at the Emirates Stadium. But Brighton have shown a tendency to hold firm on their valuation in the past and £90m is a huge fee to pay. If Arteta is keen to sign some backup with Premier League experience at an affordable rate, who better to approach than Berge. A Norway international, he already knows Martin Odegaard well and is a graceful carrier of the ball. Sheffield United are unlikely to deny him the chance to play top-flight football if a team comes along - and he could be the backup option should Arsenal fail to land Caicedo.