Jacob Gallagher's (played by Joe-Warren Plant) life was left hanging in the balance at the end of Wednesday's episode of Emmerdale after he was stabbed by his mother Leyla Harding's (Roxy Shahidi) drug dealer. The youngster was trying to protect Leyla, but his decision to bring a knife with him backfired as it was used on him. Will Leyla get the blame if Jacob dies? Jacob erupted at his mother as he accused her of using cocaine once again despite her promises to stop taking drugs. "I am clean, I swear to you," she insisted. "I didn't take it, I've had a tough couple of days and I have been struggling, but I have not been lying to you." Jacob did not believe a word coming out of his mother's mouth and started to break down in tears over her decision to buy drugs. He stormed upstairs as he was concerned she had a "stash" of cocaine in her bedroom. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford shares Eamonn Holmes bedroom confession He later took matters into his own hands by locking Leyla in her room before he used her phone to text her drug dealer to meet him outside. Jacob greeted the dealer with a knife in his hand and the pair soon got embroiled in a physical altercation. Jacob was pushed against a wall and stabbed in the chest area by the dealer who then dropped the knife and drove off. The youngster was left lying on the ground, panicking as he was losing blood from the stab wound.  Emmerdale viewers were left in shock following the grizzly scene, with some wondering if Leyla will get blamed if Jacob doesn't survive the stabbing. @BuckBuck220 shared: "Does Jacob die tonight then? It's Leyla's fault. #emmerdale." @Orchid penned: "Leyla has learnt nothing, you almost died to drugs! #Emmerdale." Grianne added: "Poor Jacob. Although this could be the wake-up Leyla needs to actually wake the f**k up already. "Liam or no Liam, drugs are obviously never the answer and if her son dies trying to save her what kind of mother does that make her?" (sic) DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Kyle refuses to change his mind after police probe [SPOILER]Emmerdale Nicky's identity exposed as fans 'work out' Jamie Tate link [UPDATE]Emmerdale history to repeat itself as new serial killer 'exposed' [THEORY] Yvonne shared: "Oh dear not a wise move Jacob, and Leyla, it's another wake-up call I think #Emmerdale." Sharon Harvey said: "Oh Jacob and no one knows where he’s gone! Why didn’t Leyla call her support person?" Abdul remarked: "It's unfortunate that recovering addicts always feel tempted to go back when they're going through a hard time or feeling rejected. #Emmerdale." Leyla was locked in the room while Jacob was stabbed outside the house and she has no idea he's been left fighting for his life.  Does Jacob have a phone on him to call for an ambulance or did he leave it inside the house? If he doesn't have a phone, will anyone run into him and call the emergency services? The stabbing took place in the dark, so it's unlikely a villager will come across him until the morning when it could be too late. Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV. 