Just days ago on January 8, Lisa Marie broke her reclusive lifestyle to come to her childhood home at Graceland for a special occasion celebrating The King's birthday. She even made a short speech, which drew immediate concern from fans around the world watching the live feed. Elvis' only child has barely been seen in public since the death of her son Benjamin Keough on July 12, 2020, and has been largely absent from social media. Those watching were also aware that the grounds of Memphis mansion itself had become an even more troubling place for the grieving star. SCROLL DOWN TO WATCH THE FULL LIVE VIDEO OF LISA MARIE PRESLEY AT GRACELAND Over the years, Lisa Marie had revealed her anguish over the "damned back lawn" at Graceland. After all, it is where her own father, Elvis, is buried, along with his parents Vernon and Gladys Presley, and his grandmother Minnie Mae. But nobody could have expected that Lisa Marie's only son would join them in the special plot in the Meditation Garden. Last August, she wrote a special piece for People magazine to mark National Grief Awareness Day, describing how her pain over the death of Benjamin had never lessened and had left her "shattered." Nevertheless, Lisa Marie stood in Graceland's gardens before a crowd of fans and thousands watching online to give a small speech and celebrate her father. Lisa Marie said: "Thank you. It’s been a while. I missed you. I keep saying you’re the only people who can bring me out of my house. I’m not kidding! "I love you back and that’s why I’m here. So, today he would have been 88 years old. It’s hard to believe. And I think he’d be proud... I really appreciate you coming from all over the world and it’s really moving to me and my family, and thank you." She also paid tribute to Baz Luhrman's recent biopic, Elvis, about her father: "I think this year’s been an incredible year. I think the movie was incredible and I’m very proud of it. I hope you guys are too." WATCH LISA MARIE AT GRACELAND BELOW: LIVE FOOTAGE FROM 17.05 AND LISA MARIE FROM 25.15 Fans were commenting throughout the live feed, voicing concerns over the well-being of the star. The numerous comments included: "I cannot imagine the pain she faces," and "Respect for Lisa…it’s very draining." Others wrote: "Poor Lisa," "Pray for you Lisa," "Wish you peace…" and "She sounds so tired." At the time, some fans suggested that the singer was clearly still struggling with the loss of her son, saying: "She will never recover from a child’s death" and "We are grieving with you, Lisa." READ MORE Michael Jackson and Lisa Marie were together for years after splitMichael Jackson's awful demand devastated wife Lisa MarieElvis' death to funeral hour by hour: Dad Vernon's 'wracking sobs' Even so, the 54-year-old was clearly happy to be part of the annual celebrations for her father and carried out the ceremonial cutting of a huge birthday cake. Two days later she was at the Golden Globes with her mother Priscilla, helping support Luhrman's movie, which won Best Actor - Motion Picture Drama for leading man Austin Butler. Lisa Marie has been vocal in her praise of the biopic, which has drawn her back out into the public eye. It is almost certain to feature heavily at the upcoming Oscars, but Lisa Marie will tragically not be there to see it. After suffering a cardiac arrest at home on January 12, Lisa Marie was rushed to hospital where she was pronounced dead. Priscilla announced the news to the world in an official statement: "It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us," Priscilla Presley said in a statement obtained by the AP. "She was the most passionate, strong and loving woman I have ever known."