The head of a police unit that cleared rapist PC David Carrick went on to secure a top job after it found Carrick had "no case to answer" for misconduct. Paul Betts led the Department of Professional Standards (sometimes referred to as the "Line of Duty" department), which investigated Carrick just five months after Sarah Everard's murder at the hands of a Met Officer. David Carrick was arrested on suspicion of rape in 2021. Still, according to The Mirror, investigators failed to check his previous history, which included allegations of harassment, assault, domestic violence, and burglary, and found he had "no case to answer." A Met spokesperson would not comment on whether this was dealt with by the central DPS unit (in charge of investigating the most severe cases) or was sent to a local division, The Mirror went on to report. Previously, in 2019, Carrick was also investigated for an incident where he allegedly grabbed a woman by the neck, but the DPS did not treat the case as sackable and assessed it as "less serious" before sending it to be investigated locally. After Carrick's arrest by Hertfordshire Police in October 2021, the DPS was allowed by then-Met Commissioner Dame Cressida Dick to investigate themselves and found none of their own should face misconduct proceedings. However, the DPS referred two retired local officers to the IOPC (Independent Office for Police Conduct) over a complaint from 2002. Mr Betts joined the Met from Sussex Police in 2020 and became Assistant Commissioner of City of London Police in January 2022. Barbara Gray, Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner, said the DPS had dealt with incidents individually rather than spotting what she described as an "escalating pattern" of abuse. David Carrick was formerly based with the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Operational Command Unit, where he carried firearms as an armed officer. READ MORE: Met Police commissioner reveals two to three officers to face charges in court every week Attending court last week, PC Carrick pleaded guilty to multiple offences, including 24 counts of rape. PC David Carrick was dismissed without notice from the Met Police at a hearing that took place on 17 January 2023. The Metropolitan Police have said they are "absolutely committed" to transparency around the Carrick case. The new Commissioner of the Metropolitan police, Sir Mark Rowley, has repeatedly apologised to victims of PC David Carrick but has also warned that similar cases could come to light as the service deals with its failings. DON'T MISS:   In remarks made at the London Assembly Police and Crime Committee, Commissioner Rowley said: "I must reiterate here my sincere apologies to the victims of Carrick for our failings - a range of poor policy and poor decision making." "He shouldn't have been a police officer and we have failed." Mr Rowley went on to say: "As we put in more resources, more assertive tactics, as we're more open to people reporting incidents to us both from within the organisation and from the public, and as we more determinedly take on these cases, it will tackle the problems we face." "But it won't be rapid and it will be painful. In that context, we need your support and the support of the people of London." "Please don't lose heart as we confront these issues and as we do this necessary and painful work to finally rid the organisation of those who corrupt our integrity."