A biography by Meghan Markle could have the potential to trump the success currently enjoyed by Spare, a publishing expert believes. Prince Harry's memoir has sold 467,183 print copies in Britain alone in its first week of sales, shooting it to the top of book charts, Nielsen said. The memoir's publisher, Penguin Random House, said the book has sold 750,000 copies in the UK across all formats – hardbacks, ebooks and audiobooks - between its release date on January 10 and 17. This outstanding response to the controversial memoir, which included candid recounts of personal experiences made by Harry as well as criticism and allegations against the Royal Family and its members, made it the fastest-selling nonfiction book since records began in Britain. Nonetheless, Prince Harry's success could be dwarfed by Meghan if she decided to put out her own book focused on her life, Literary agent Peter Cox of Litopia claimed. Speaking of the possibility of the Duchess of Sussex putting pen to paper, Mr Cox told Express.co.uk: "[A biography by the Duchess] will be a huge publishing success. Quite possibly bigger than Harry’s book. "Not necessarily in the UK, because the public don’t like her here. But in America, it will sell like hot cakes, providing she finds a ghost writer as good as Harry’s. "Because her story is a classic fairytale, and Americans are suckers for fairytales." Discussing what the memoir could touch upon, Mr Cox continued: "From humble beginnings and a broken home, Meghan rises to find true love with – quite literally – the prince of her dreams. That is pure Disney. "But then, she doesn’t encounter just one wicked stepmother – it’s the whole darn family who hate her! The might of the British establishment is determined to split them apart. But… true love conquers all! "That’s the Hollywood pitch, and it will sell millions of books and quite possibly a Netflix series, too. READ MORE: William publicly responds to Harry claims for first time "If Meghan accepts good professional advice, that’s how the fable will be brought to market." Mr Cox isn't alone in thinking a memoir by Meghan may be a possibility in the future. Entertainment expert Andre Phillips told Times Radio when asked whether he thinks the Duchess of Sussex could publish her version of the story: "This isn't going to be it. I wouldn't be surprised if she came out with a book herself. "I mean, I really feel like they are trying to follow up to the Obamas in a way, because Barack had a book, now Michelle has a book, so I think that she's going to definitely come out with her bombshell tell-all. "This is definitely going to be the end, I mean they had the partnership with Netflix, so I can imagine other stuff is going to come out over time but this isn't looking good on both their part." The extraordinary success the Duke of Sussex's memoir is having on both the US and UK markets has reportedly raised the heat at Penguin Random House to get Meghan's book out. An industry source claimed: "Nobody expected sales figures like the ones we are seeing. Harry could easily overtake the combined book sales of the Obamas, the company’s current joint best-selling authors. "That’s why the heat is on to get Meghan’s version of events – both with the Royal Family and her own family members in America – out there in print as soon as possible, ideally early next year to pick-up sales when demand for Spare slows down." The source also claimed a memoir by the Duchess is now "top priority" for the publisher, as they are "convinced Meghan’s story in her own words can sell even more, especially in the US". Meghan is not new to the publishing world, as she released in June 2021 her first children's book, The Bench, with Penguin Random House.