I don’t need to be caringly warned throughout the bulletin that I may be about to see “distressing images”. I don’t need nanny-ish newsreaders telling me that basically what I’ve tuned into is, er... the news. Because I’m not settling down with my six o’clock G and T to watch the Teletubbies, am I? I’m a grown-up, just like you. And the news is for us grown-ups. If the opening headlines tell me that upcoming stories will be from, say, the scene of an accident, or a shooting, or a plane crash, or maybe the front line in Ukraine, I’m quite capable of bracing myself for the resulting grim images. The world can be an ugly place. And, sad to say, the uglier the story the more likely it’ll jostle its way into the Six or the Ten. (Or the pages of newspapers like this one. But you don’t buy your Daily Express with a caring front-page caution that what you read inside may give you a fit of the vapours. Newspapers treat their readers as adults). So why in recent years are we viewers increasingly infantilised by TV news programmes advising us to avert our gaze or cover our eyes or stick our fingers in our ears because of a report that “some may find distressing”? Uhh? Hard news IS distressing. That’s a given, and no one’s forcing us to switch on our TV to watch it. When these so-called “trigger warnings” began a few years ago, they were extremely rare. The images we were about to see actually WERE pretty full-on. Now, these alerts beep through bulletins as often and as irritatingly as a super-sensitive car alarm going off. Last night I saw two earnest warnings in the same bulletin. There was absolutely nothing – NOTHING – in either report to merit them. I genuinely have no idea what supposed gruesomeness the newsreader was alerting us to. Of course, I don’t blame the poor anchors. They’re just doing as they’re told, much as university lecturers forced by their woke establishments to stick trigger warnings on everything from Shakespeare to Peter Pan. Yes, Peter Pan. Aberdeen University has just included the tender tale by J M Barrie in a list of titles it says may leave students “needing emotional support”. Other books which could give sensitive undergraduates sleepless nights include The Railway Children and The Lion, The Witch And The Wardrobe. (I swear I’m not making this up). So I suppose solicitous warnings during TV news are just part of our wider “snowflake” culture. God knows where it’ll end. Prepare for coverage of the next world title fight or rugby final to be prefaced with: “Warning. May contain scenes of physical violence.” And you know what? I’m not joking. The late Professor Stephen Hawking was probably one of the bravest men of our times. He spent most of his life teetering on the line that divides life and death (as a young man, he was given just a handful of years to live yet survived to be a pensioner) but seized every day to delve into the meaning of existence. So you could say his view on the possibilities of heaven and an afterlife are worth considering. Hawking’s conclusion? “We are each free to believe what we want... but I think belief in an afterlife is just wishful thinking.” I wonder what Hawking would make of the Nottingham crematorium that has installed a special “postbox to heaven” so people can write letters to deceased loved ones. Since it opened for business over Christmas, it has received nearly 100 “letters to paradise”. The idea was suggested by a nine-year-old missing her lately departed grandparents. Hmmm. She’s obviously a sweet child, yet all children eventually grow up and realise their letters to Santa were make-believe. But adults writing letters to the dead and posting them? I don’t know about you, but it leaves me feeling distinctly queasy. Can we just be absolutely clear? The reason energy and food prices have soared is down to one man and one man alone: Vladimir Putin. His insane war in Ukraine sparked spiralling inflation overnight. When you open your next electricity or gas bill, blame the ex-KGB nutjob, below, for the eye-watering bottom line. The sooner his ill-trained, barbarous troops are booted back into Russia, the sooner we can begin our financial recovery. That means Germany is right, if belatedly, in sending President Zelensky the tanks he desperately needs. Because his is not just a fight for freedom and democracy. It’s a fight to restore our own economic stability. Singer Cheryl Cole, 39, says that her overwhelming desire to have another child is fading because she fears the age gap between a new baby and her son Bear, five, may be too wide. Cheryl! There are 10 years between our twins Tom and Dan, by Judy’s first marriage, and Jack and Chloe, by ours. They all get on like houses on fire! Go for it, girl!