Lockwood and Co is on Netflix and it follows the eccentric ghost extermination business owner, Anthony Lockwood (played by Cameron Chapman). He, Lucy Carlyle (Ruby Stokes) and George Karim (Ali Hadji-Heshmati) work out of Lockwood's parents' house and the season finale saw Lockwood finally revealing what was behind the door he had banned them from opening for so long. Viewers discovered it was in fact the unsuspecting Pamela Joplin who was trying to bring the serial killer surgeon back to life using the mirror. She had been using George all along as she needed him to carry out the dangerous experiment. While George was discovering the truth about his so-called friend, Lockwood was preoccupied with the "golden blade guy", whose true identity was yet to come to light. The mysterious man ended up shooting Lockwood, but not before revealing he knew some information about the youngster's deceased parents. READ MORE: Ruby Stokes' age explained as Lucy star shines in Lockwood and Co Thankfully Lockwood survived, and he was reunited with his friends just in time to save them. Things did not end so well for Pamela, as when she looked into the mirror it killed her and the spirits trapped within it were set free. Once back home, Lockwood disclosed the information about the "golden blade guy" to Lucy and George. He told them how the man had said his parents' deaths had been "insignificant". Not wanting to keep any more secrets, he went on to show the pair what was inside his secret room. READ MORE: Lockwood and Co cast features some rising stars of 2023 Frustratingly for fans, the series came to an end before it was revealed what was inside the room. However, some educated guesses can be made based on clues Lockwood had given throughout the show. The room could contain something to do with his parents as he wants to cling to their memory for as long as possible. There could be a source from them both in the room, which Lockwood turns to when he needs to communicate with his family. DON'T MISS... Cameron Chapman is much older than his character Anthony Lockwood Lockwood and Co family tree exposes mystery sister and tragic death Lockwood & Co trailer teases Bridgerton star’s new role For those who have read the books the series is based on, they will know Lockwood also has a sister. His older sibling, Jessica, was tragically killed at the age of 15. She broke an Indonesian ghost pot her parents Donald and Celia had brought home from an expedition. The pot had an inner lining of iron, which kept the ghost at bay until Jessica dropped it. The ghost then killed Jessica, with Anthony hearing her screams from outside. The loss of Jessica had a huge impact on Anthony, but she has not yet been mentioned in the series. There is a possibility the secret room contains something in her memory, and he will finally introduce her to his friends. The series has clearly been set up with a second season in mind, so if it is officially renewed, viewers should get the answers they need in the first episode.  Lockwood and Co is on Netflix now