Sykes Cottages looked for the most beautiful walks in the UK. The team found one coastal walk was the prettiest in the UK. READ MORE: Cruise guest warns over ‘worst part’ of a cruise holiday Dorset’s Jurassic Coast was named the most beautiful walk in the UK and was described as a “wonderful place”. The team said: “Dorset’s Jurassic Coast is a wonderful place to be at one with nature and uncover some of the UK’s most fascinating geological features.” There are a few stunning walks on the Jurassic Coast including the Durdle Door Walk and the Kimmeridge Circular. Tourists could also walk to Old Harry Rocks on the Studland Circular to marvel at the incredible landmarks. Cheddar Gorge was ranked in second place and the Somerset countryside is the perfect spot to walk off the Christmas dinner. The team said: “Nestled in the beautiful Mendip Hills of Somerset, this natural landmark is filled with weathered crags, a variety of wildlife and superb scenery to feast your eyes on.” A top walk in the area is the Cheddar Gorge Circular Walk but tourists will need appropriate walking clothes. Some parts of the walk are quite steep and tourists will need to watch their footing as they go downhill. READ MORE: UK’s prettiest winter staycation destination is a ‘wonderland’ The team also looked for the most dog-friendly walks for Britons who want to take their furry friends along. The winning fur friendly walk was Pen-y-ghent and Hull Pot Circular in the Yorkshire Dales National Park. The team said: “Those who call Yorkshire home, can explore the depths of the Yorkshire Dales National Park on the Pen-y-Ghent Circular Walk. “With the open countryside and astounding views, this route is the perfect spot to visit with your canine companions to avoid the post-Christmas dinner slump!” Another dog-friendly choice was Catbells via Allerdale Ramble in the Lake District National Park. The team said: “Catbells is a popular Lake District walk for those with furry friends and promises to provide walkers with panoramic views of the surrounding area. “Those who choose to explore the stunning heights of Catbells in the days after Christmas will be able to pick out their favourite Lake District sights from the summit, from peaks to the local market towns. “There’s also the option to divert on the route to see the wonders of Manesty Park and Derwentwater, for those seeking a longer ramble.”