The latest episode of Starz’s thrilling drama BMF had pulses racing as Demetrius ‘Meech’ Flenory (played by Demetrius Flenory Jr) was rushed to the hospital. Despite being in the watchful care of doctors, Meech could find himself staring down the barrel of another gun. In the latest episode, Devil’s Night, Meech was unexpectedly confronted by Lamar (Eric Kofi-Abrefa). The respected drug dealer was convinced his rival was dead and gone, however, Lamar had survived the brutal shoot-out and was in the hospital under police protection. Unbeknownst to Meech, Lamar was back on the streets and thirsty for revenge. While Meech was distracted helping his brother Terry Flenory (DaVinci Juste) Lamar emerged and released gunfire aiming straight for Meech. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan With his fate left uncertain, Starz released a gripping promo which revealed Meech could face even more danger in the hospital. The 30-second clip showed him undergoing surgery, which was seemingly a success as a bullet was placed in the bloodied surgical bowl. However, as he lay in the hospital unconscious, Lamar appeared dressed in a doctor's uniform and holding a gun. Meech’s death will undoubtedly have disastrous ramifications for the entire BMF crew as they will stop at nothing to get revenge. This could mean Terry re-joining the crew after previously turning his back on the streets to start a business with his father, Charles Flenory (Russell Hornsby). The crew’s loyalty will also be put to the test as many of the members were once a part of the 12th Street Boyz, which previously Lamar led. After Meech assumed he was dead, he united his crew, The 50 Boyz and the 12th Street Boyz to form BMF. Those who were uncertain about Meech’s leadership could show loyalty to Lamar and spark a heinous street war. DON'T MISS...James Bulger’s mum ’in touching distance of getting justice’ [INSIGHT] BMF’s Meech speaks out on crew divisions as he teases 'family war' [INSIGHT]BMF star Michole Briana White on meeting real-life Lucille Flenory [INSIGHT] Meech’s potential death could also bring turmoil to the family home as Charles and his wife Lucille Flenory (Michole Briana White) was already looked down upon by the community. During season one, the parents were shamed after Meech’s gang affiliation led to the death of his younger sister’s friend, Darius Grills (Raymond Saey III). The promo clip also showed the community turning their backs on Charles and Lucille as they requested prayers for Meech. The family were in church when Pastor Swift (Snoop Dogg) announced: “Let us all join hands in prayer for our brother Demetrius Flenory.” However, Charles and Lucille were shocked to see people walking out instead of offering prayer for their wounded son. Lucille confronted the members and shouted: “God loves the pious and the wicked.” Despite their disagreements, Charles had faith Meech would recover and he comforted his son’s girlfriend Lori Walker (Serayah) and said: “He’ll pull through.” While BMF tells the true story of Meech Flenory, fans will know the real Meech made a full recovery and went to prison many years later.  BMF season 2 continues Fridays on Starz in the US and on LIONSGATE+ in the UK. 