Mykhaylo Mudryk has a wide variety of potential shirt numbers to pick from at Arsenal should the 22-year-old winger finally land his dream move to north London this month. The Gunners remain in negotiations with Shakhtar Donetsk over a mega-money transfer having held two rounds of fresh talks on both Monday and Tuesday this week, respectively. Mudryk has now flown to Turkey with Shakhtar as they begin preparations for the restart next month when they return to Ukrainian Premier League action and also face Rennes in the Europa League. Arsenal have made some progress on a deal after Shakhtar finally provided an indication a deal could be struck on what the Gunners consider to be realistic terms after being continually pointed to a sky-high £85million valuation. The player is still hopeful he will get his move in due course as he was pictured chatting with Shakhtar director of football Darijo Srna on Wednesday morning. However, having donned the No 10 shirt for Shakhtar, he would have to settle for a larger number at Arsenal if the move finally materialises in the coming weeks. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE The first number seemingly up for grabs is the No 28 shirt which used to belong to Joe Willock before his impressive transfer to Newcastle. Aston Villa target Matteo Guendouzi's former No 29 shirt is also available for Mudryk to claim. The No 32 is also available after Aaron Ramsdale back Arsenal's new No 1 last summer. The No 33 is also another possible option for the Ukrainian forward if Arsenal are able to agree a transfer. There are a few more numbers that the Gunners could potentially free up if they're feeling bold, although it's unlikely they'll be vacated until at least the end of the season. READ MOREArsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWCristiano Ronaldo could help Man Utd sign Wout Weghorst due to separate Besiktas deal talks  The No 19 jersey - previously worn by Nicolas Pepe and Bernd Leno - could be vacated if the Ivorian makes his move to France permanent at the end of the campaign. Runar Alex Runarsson's No 13 shirt could be one that is opened up to Mudryk with the goalkeeper currently on loan in Turkey with Alanyaspor. Ainsley Maitland-Niles' No 15 jersey is also one that could be freed up as he is on loan at Southampton. That said, Arenal are expected to extend his contract by a further year to protect his value, meaning he could yet have a future at the Emirates Stadium. Cedric Soares, who wears the No 17, has also been the subject of interest in the January transfer window. Fulham, Villarreal and Bayer Leverkusen are thought to be keen on signing the Portuguese defender which would mean his jersey could become free. Arsenal are still yet to decide whether they will offload the former Southampton ace as they are not keen on reducing the number of players within their squad. Nuno Tavares No 20 shirt is also currently unused as he is on loan in France with Marseille. The left-back has dazzled in Ligue 1 and could move on when he returns to north London but for now, it is still technically occupied. The same applies to Pablo Mari's No 22 shirt and Folarin Balogun's No 26 with both players currently on loan at Monza and Stade Reims, respectively.