Everton duo Amadou Onana and Anthony Gordon were absent from training on Tuesday as speculation surrounds the future of the in-demand pair. Both players were not present in the first training session held by Leighton Baines and Paul Tait after Frank Lampard's sacking, amid transfer links with Arsenal, Chelsea and Newcastle United. Lampard was dismissed after 11 months in charge following the 2-0 defeat to West Ham on Saturday, which left Everton staring relegation in the face in 19th position after collecting only 15 points from 20 games. And news of Onana and Gordon's reported absence, according to Sky Sports, will only create more uncertainty during a crisis period at Goodison Park. No reason has been given publicly by the club for their no-show at training, such as injury or due to their uncertain futures, but the report claims that both absences were 'planned'. Gordon is understood to be a target for Chelsea and Newcastle, with the Magpies opening talks over a move for the forward. Everton are believed to be demanding around £55million for their academy graduate and the clubs are far apart in their valuation of the England Under-21 international. READ MORE: Everton add Ralph Hasenhuttl to shortlist as 'serious' option According to talkSPORT, Everton would be 'open to a sale' to allow their new manager to bring in their own players this month before the January 31 deadline. That could appeal to Marcelo Bielsa, who was approached to be their new manager, with the Argentinian keen to understand the club's transfer plans before agreeing to take charge. Chelsea had two bids for Gordon rejected in the summer transfer window, with their final offer believed to be in excess of £50m. Lampard's desire to keep the winger proved to be crucial in keeping him at Goodison Park. The winger has made 15 appearances for the Toffees with a return of three goals and he was not a regular part of Lampard's plans in recent weeks, despite the team's on-field struggles. It now appears he could finally leave, as Newcastle are in discussions over a fee with Everton holding out for around £55m. DON'T MISSFrank Lampard's eye-watering fortune after being sacked by EvertonEverton 'dressing room bust-up' as Lampard ordered star to train aloneEverything Wayne Rooney has said on Everton job as Lampard nears sack Onana is also understood to be on Chelsea's list of targets as Graham Potter looks to bring in a central midfielder. The Belgian only signed for Everton last summer in a £38m deal from Lille but could already be set to move on. Enzo Fernandez and Moises Caicedo are the Blues' top targets and the west London club have already seen an offer of £65m turned down for Caicedo. Arsenal are in the hunt for a player of the same ilk and The Evening Standard report the Gunners could try to intervene in any deal for Onana or Caicedo. The Ecuadorian has insisted he will not be distracted by speculation concerning his future and is concentrating on performing for Brighton. "I am focused on Brighton," the midfielder told reporters. "I am here, I’m playing every day. Things from outside don’t trouble me, nor does it take that focus away, because I’m focused only on here."