A woman set fire to the wrong property after attempting to burn down the home of a man she had met just twice in a drunken revenge attack. In the early hours of August 11, 2022, Janie Ann Peckitt, 57, armed herself with inflammable fuel and travelled to Macaulay Way, Grimsby, before setting a rag on fire and posting it through the letterbox of the house where she believed the man lived.  However, she posted the rag into the home of an elderly man with limited mobility, and caused thousands of pounds worth of damage. Fortunately, the resident was able to escape without injuries, reports GrimsbyLive. Peckitt, of Haycroft Street, Grimsby, admitted arson with intent to endanger life and the assault of an emergency worker following the horrific incident against a man she met on just "a couple of occasions" but who she felt had "let her down". Appearing at Grimsby Crown Court on Wednesday, she was sentenced to six years in prison. Prosecuting, David Hall told the court: "Ms Peckitt was jealous because of his conduct and did some digging to find out where he lives and went, armed with accelerants, and put them through his letterbox - but got the wrong house. It was an old man with limited mobility. The way she armed herself with an accelerant, a rag and a lighter - she had a clear intention that he should suffer harm." When police and emergency services arrived at the blaze at 2.30am on August 11, 2022, Peckitt "spat in the face" of a police officer, the court heard. Mitigating, Craig Lowe told the court that Peckitt suffers from complex post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and other mental health problems following childhood abuse and a history of violent relationships.   He said: "There was no damage caused to anyone physically. Because of her mental health difficulties, she is more likely to act in an impulsive manner. She has had 25 years of mental health problems. She felt the man let her down." Sentencing Peckitt, Judge John Thackray KC said: "You had known your intended victim for a very short period. It was an extraordinary reaction after such a limited interaction. "These courts are well familiar with the horrific consequences of those who set fires. Fires quickly take hold, lives are easily endangered and lives are lost, and that could have so easily happened here - not to your intended victim, because you were given the wrong address - a man with significant mobility difficulties.  "It was only by pure chance that he had not properly moved into the property and was in the process of moving in his possessions. Had your offence taken place a week or two later, you could so easily have been sat in that dock being sentenced for murder and facing a life sentence." Peckitt was sentenced to six years in prison. She will have to serve half before being considered for release on licence. 