Arsenal could hijack Leeds United's move for Weston McKennie despite reports claiming he has agreed personal terms with the Elland Road club. It is claimed the Gunners would be a preferred destination for the USA international if he were to leave Juventus this month. Arsenal are in the market for a midfielder and have been linked with Brighton's Moises Caicedo and Everton's Andre Onana. West Ham captain Declan Rice is also a top target but all three of those deals would be more likely to happen in the summer. Mikel Arteta wants to add depth to the middle of the park amid uncertainty over the fitness of Mohamed Elneny, who picked up a knee injury in training earlier this month. Arteta doesn't want to leave himself short in a vital area heading into the second half of the season. McKennie has been a regular for Juve so far this season. But it appears the Serie A club are willing to let him leave for the right price. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Italian outlet Corriere dello Sport claims McKennie has rejected approaches from Premier League clubs Bournemouth, Aston Villa and Fulham. Leeds' interest is more appealing to the 24-year-old due to the presence of Jesse Marsch as manager and fellow USA internationals Brenden Aaronson and Tyler Adams in the squad at the Yorkshire club. However, the report says Arsenal also hold an interest in McKennie. The Gunners are claimed to be more likely to succeed with a deal if they turn their interest into a firm offer. McKennie would prefer a move to the Premier League leaders, as opposed to Leeds who currently sit 15th in the table. Juve would want a total fee of around £26.5million for the midfielder, with between £17.5m and £22m of that up front. DON'T MISSMan Utd chiefs think Erik ten Hag has signed his very own Jack GrealishLiverpool have £65m target who can be next Lallana to transform midfieldChelsea eye yet another hijack as 'Pedro Porro Tottenham talks watched'  Arsenal may have to move fast though, as transfer expert Fabrizio Romano claims McKennie has agreed terms over a potential move to Leeds. A fee is now being discussed between the two clubs. Romano tweeted: "Weston McKennie has accepted Leeds United contract proposal, personal terms are not an issue - it's on Leeds and Juventus now. The two clubs are discussing on conditions of the deal to understand how to proceed in new round of talks." But despite striking an agreement with McKennie, it appears Arsenal still have the key to hijacking a deal if they so wish. If the Gunners match Leeds' offer, the player's preference appears to be London.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here