Tributes have poured in for a teen who died "after contracting Strep A". Amy Gadomski, described as "the most selflessly beautiful person", passed away on January 5 at the age of 16.  Amy, from Gosforth, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, was a huge Newcastle United fan, and her aunt, Rachael Gadomski, has called upon Newcastle United supporters to clap in her memory in the 16th minute of their Premier League clash against Fulham on Sunday, January 15. She was studying for her GCSEs at Sacred Heart High School in Newcastle-upon-Tyne, was a season ticket holder, and the club "meant everything" to her. She is said to have been always smiling, always happy, and always there for anyone who needed help. Amy had a cardiac arrest on January 4 and was airlifted to the Royal Victoria Infirmary in Newcastle. She was later transferred to the Freeman Hospital where she sadly died the following day, reports Chronicle Live. Her family was told that this and a second cardiac arrest were possible results of Strep A or sepsis, but the cause of her death remains unclear. Her parents, Wasana and Michael, are devastated at losing their only child. Amy's auntie Rachael said: "We're all absolutely heartbroken, why a 16-year-old girl? Why did this happen? I want to raise awareness of Strep A. I want to raise awareness of Sepsis. "I just want to basically tell everyone to hug your kids that little bit tighter. It's surreal, we can't understand why it's happened and we're still waiting for answers." Rachael hopes that Amy gets the send-off she deserves from 52,000 of her fellow Newcastle United fans at St James' Park on Sunday, adding: "She loved the atmosphere, she loved the laughs, and she loved the special memories she made with her friends." Amy loved Miguel Almiron, she even met the Paraguayan and had a photograph with him. However, her favourite player was Dan Burn, who scored his first goal in the Carabao Cup semi-final against Leicester City on Tuesday night.   And while Amy sadly was not able to see the goal, Rachael said: "Surely that's a sign. I said to my partner, wow, Dan Burn's scored, that's got to be for Amy." Her campaign to have Amy remembered in the stadium is gathering force, being shared far and wide on Twitter and Facebook. She has even contacted the club who are planning a tribute to Amy in the next Premier League home game against West Ham on February 4. But that won't be soon enough for Amy's Auntie Joy who has travelled from San Diego to say goodbye to her niece. Rachel said: "We want the tribute to be there when all the family can see it, rather than through Facebook or in the programme."  And she thanked the fans who are sharing the message, saying: "I can't thank everybody enough who has supported us, that has shared tweets, messages on Facebook, I know Amy would be over the moon. Never in a million years did I think we could get the amount of shares and retweets, Facebook is going mad. "We've been in tears all day. We just know that she would be so honoured and proud to get some kind of clap done at St. James' Park."