West Ham United boss David Moyes has pointed the finger at some of his senior players in assessing where things have gone wrong for the club so far this season. The Hammers currently find themselves down in 16th place in the Premier League table, just a point clear of the drop zone, and have only managed to claim a single win from their last seven games in all competitions. Their current relegation battle is a far cry from last season's seventh-placed finish and impressive run to the Europa League semi-finals, although their predicament has been affected by recent injuries to the likes of Gianluca Scamacca, Danny Ings and Maxwel Cornet. Moyes has since insisted that some of West Ham's established stars could do with a kick up the backside in order to get back to their usual form as the Scot looks to prepare his struggling squad for the all-important Premier League run-in."If I am being honest, I don’t think we have hit the heights we should have done and I don’t necessarily mean just the new players," said Moyes, who also hinted that his team could decide to adopt a more pragmatic approach in order to start picking up some points over the coming weeks. "There are some players from last season that have bust their balls to get to where we’ve gone and we've pushed every last drop out of them. They have found it difficult to come back and go again. Sometimes it’s unfair but what we don’t want to do is be where we are, we need to get away from where we are. JUST IN: Arsenal recommended 'better options' after Moises Caicedo bid rejected "So maybe we need a bit of a kick up the jacksie to find a way of getting back to it. We want to be a better football team, and we are trying to be, but maybe we have to get back to being a winning team, one which wins and it doesn’t really matter what it looks like, as long as we get the results."Moyes, who has seen his position as West Ham manager heavily scrutinised over the last few weeks, would ordinarily be forgiven for wanting to be knocked out of the FA Cup in order to concentrate on the league. However, the 59-year-old is painfully aware that success in the tournament may be his team's best chance of qualifying for European football next season as things stand. "If I am not going to get it through my league position then I have to find a way to try to do it with one of my cup competitions," he added. "The cup competitions are huge if we can do it."West Ham will face Derby County in the FA Cup fourth round on Monday night and will be desperate to avoid an embarrassing slip-up against a side two divisions below them in order to maintain their hopes of going all the way in the competition this season. However, it will almost certainly not be an easy ride for the Hammers as a result of their injury problems and general lack of confidence, which has stemmed from their poor recent form. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.