LG might already make some of the best televisions on the planet but the Korean technology firm is promising something even better is coming soon. The latest screens have just been unveiled in Las Vegas ahead of the yearly CES technology show and they promise to bring bigger, brighter and richer-looking content to owners. In fact, LG is boasting that its latest and greatest televisions will provide higher brightness and colour accuracy than anything it has launched before. Other features include improved upscaling which should mean the picture quality will appear impressive even if what is being watched hasn't been shot in pin-sharp 8K. It's not just the image that should shine with LG also saying that it will bring better sound to living rooms in 2023 as well. That's all down to something called AI Sound Pro which is a feature that's able to deliver virtual surround sound from the TVs’ built-in speaker system. Along with looking and sounding impressive, there's more good news with LG upgrading its webOS user interface. Along with a more modern appearance, this upgrade will also offer improved personalisation so users get to the things they love faster. There's also the introduction of something called ‘Quick Cards’ which offer users easy access to the content and services they use the most – all grouped into logical categories such as Home Office, Gaming, Music, and Sports. One final update that's worth a mention is LG's new AI Concierge. This is like having your own personal TV assistant with it providing each user with a curated list of content choices based on their past usage and search inquiries. Spearheading LG’s 2023 OLED lineup are the latest Z3, G3 and C3 OLED evo series TVs which all get these big new upgrades. There's no word on a release date or price just yet but more news should be announced in the coming weeks. The launch of these new LG TVs is just the start of things to come this week. CES officially begins on Thursday, January 5 and expect plenty more big-screen news to be revealed. Samsung always uses this global event to unleash its latest and greatest screens which continue to get bigger, brighter, packed with extra pixels and more environmentally friendly. MicroLED tellies could be big news again this year with Samsung slowly rolling out this premium technology - which offers incredible clarity and much richer blacks - across more of its range. We've already seen some of Samsung's new products with the company unleashing three new PC monitors designed to make your desktop look a lot more appealing. Perhaps the most exciting is the incredible Odyssey Neo G9. This giant accessory features a 57-inch curved screen with a speedy 240Hz refresh rate that makes it perfect for a gaming binge. Express.co.uk is making the trek to Las Vegas and will be bringing you all news live from this event. So watch this space!