Sarah Amelia Fogg, celebrity permanent make-up artist and founder of Brows by Sarah, has shared her top tips on how to look younger, using simple and affordable products and methods. Sarah's clients include celebrities such as Olivia Attwood, Denise Welch, and England Lioness Chloe Kelly. "Firstly, I think it’s important that we embrace aging," Sarah told Express.co.uk. "Lines and wrinkles are not necessarily something to hide, but rather an indication of ageing gracefully. "However, it is perfectly understandable that some of us may prefer to cover them up and I find the best way is determined by how we prepare our skin before applying make-up." One of Sarah's top anti-ageing tips was to "ensure that your skin is exfoliated and moisturised". "I recommend using a silicone primer as a base which can help to soften wrinkles by basically filling in the wrinkles to allow your make-up to sit smoother," she said. READ MORE: Chelsy Davy 'shared sense of humour' with Kate when dating Harry "I also recommend applying using your fingers or a brush rather than a sponge to get the best coverage. "Allow the primer a few minutes to set until you start applying any make-up. You may also find this means you can apply less foundation, offering a more natural ‘no make-up’ look.” Sarah went on to reveal the most common make-up mistakes women occasionally make, which can lead to them looking older, instead of younger. "Brows are the most common area I see where people make mistakes that age them," she said.  "Neglecting your brows completely can make you look older, especially if you have sparse brows. "Similarly, going too heavy on the product can also age you. If you like the defined look, avoid adding any colour to the end of your brow as overextending the tail can draw your face down and age you significantly. "In general, you want to avoid adding too much product, so I recommend starting at the tail and then working inwards. "Doing this can help you work with the natural shape of your brow, keep it looking fluffy and help you avoid applying too much product." READ MORE: Meghan wasn't afraid to 'embarrass family' during final days as royal Applying too much product generally is also a common mistake that can age the face, whether that’s with brow products, eyeliner, or foundation. "In general, less is more," Sarah stressed. "One of the best ways you can make yourself look younger is by using blush to add a natural youthful flush. "To avoid adding too much and looking like you’ve just done a run, I recommend using a brush to lightly dust blush onto your cheek bones." There are also some make-up mistakes which can have a negative impact on the skin in the long run, according to Sarah. "The biggest make-up mistakes are the ones we’re all aware of and yet all guilty of doing at times which include not removing all of your make-up properly, and putting any makeup products onto dry skin," Sarah explained. "I think another big make-up mistake is neglecting your lips or just applying lip balm or colour on a night out. "Hydration is really underrated when it comes to your lips, but it’s really important to apply a hydrating lip balm every day. This can also aid with blood flow and help your lips look more youthful. "If you want something that’s a little more low maintenance, semi-permanent lip blushing is a really popular form of semi-permanent make-up that I offer for achieving youthful looking lips that are fuller, defined, and enhanced with pigment," Sarah added. "It can last anywhere from two to three years with top-ups - results will vary depending on how well you care for your lips, particularly whilst they’re healing."