King Charles and Camilla met with two genocide survivors - one from the Holocaust and another from Darfur - at Buckingham Palace this morning. After speaking with the two survivors, the royal couple lit a candle to mark Holocaust Memorial Day, which marks the 78th anniversary of the liberation of the Auschwitz-Birkenau Nazi concentration camp. The powerful gesture was made in remembrance of the victims of genocide.  After lighting the candle, the King said: "I hope this will be one way of trying to remember all those poor people who had to suffer such horrors for so many years- and still do." Charles and Camilla wore matching navy for the meeting on Friday morning, Charles in a navy suit with a lighter blue polka dot tie, and Camilla in a smart navy dress with ruffled details. King Charles and the Queen Consort were pictured chatting with Holocaust survivor Dr Martin Stern and a survivor of the Darfur genocide, Amouna Adamligh at Buckingham Palace. Dr Stern, who was born to a Jewish father and non-Jewish mother, said they spoke about the importance of education about the Holocaust and other genocides. He told the PA news agency: "The King was very insistent on inquiring about other genocides as well, and so was the Queen Consort." The Holocaust survivor, who was sent to the Westerbork transit camp and Theresienstadt ghetto in Nazi-occupied Netherlands after being taken away by officers at the age of five, said the lighting of the candle is "immensely important". Dr Stern said: "The perpetrators would like that we would just forget about it, move on to other things so they get on quietly with doing more of their horrific crimes. "Lighting a candle publicly is a marker that makes it hard for tyrants and state criminals to perpetuate their mass crimes quietly."  Additional images of the King and Queen showed them looking sombre as they lit pillar candles. The official Royal Family Twitter account later shared a video of the poignant moment. READ MORE: Prince Harry could return to UK for wedding of 'unofficial best man'   Charles and Camilla also met with Amouna Adam, from the persecuted Fur tribe, who survived genocide in Darfur in western Sudan, as well as representatives of the Holocaust Memorial Day trust. They discussed ongoing work to ensure the lessons learned during genocides are not forgotten. Laura Marks, chair of the Holocaust Memorial Day trust, said: "What the King was able to offer us, to share with us, was his interest in both in the Holocaust, but also, in the other genocides and the work that he's doing. "And he's been the patron of the Holocaust Memorial Day trust for many, many years as Prince of Wales, and we were talking to him about how important that is for us as a charity because it adds so much credibility and so much weight when a charity has as a patron like that." She added: "The King is so powerful, so important in being able to bring attention, focus attention on the dangers of hate speech, hatred today and he was just magnificent on that one." DON'T MISS:Harry set for 'temporary peace' with Royal Family [LIVE BLOG]Harry's reconciliation is 'wishful thinking’ as ‘dust hasn’t settled' [COMMENT]Sophie Wessex’s ‘elegant 90’s hairstyle’ keeps her ‘youthful' [PICTURES]   Holocaust Memorial Day occurs every year on January 27, It is also used to remember the millions killed in subsequent genocides in Cambodia, Rwanda, Bosnia and Darfur. The theme for this year's Holocaust Memorial Day is Ordinary People. It has three main strands, that genocide is faciliated by ordinary people, ignored by ordinary people and persecutes ordinary people. The Holocaust Memorial Day Trust highlights that ordinary people often turn a blind eye to genocide, as they believe the propaganda presented by the murderous regimes. The website states: "Ordinary people were perpetrators, bystanders, rescuers, witnesses – and ordinary people were victims. Last year, Charles - who was the then-Prince of Wales, commissioned seven portraits of Holocaust survivors for display at Buckingham Palace. Each of the people who featured in the portraits had received honours for services to Holocaust awareness and education. Speaking at the time, Charles said: "As the number of Holocaust survivors sadly, but inevitably, declines, my abiding hope is that this special collection will act as a further guiding light for our society, reminding us not only of history’s darkest days but of humanity’s interconnectedness as we strive to create a better world for our children, grandchildren, and generations as yet unborn; one where hope is victorious over despair and love triumphs over hate." More to follow... 