Britons are reminded that they can unlock significant income as one man has discovered he is entitled to hundreds more each month. As the cost of living crisis continues, families on low incomes are urged to check they are claiming all the benefits they are entitled to. Any extra cash could be vital for those struggling to keep up with rising bills. Jason is a building assurance engineer in construction. He works full time for a public sector employer in Bolton. His salary of around £38,000 supports himself, his partner, who is unable to work due to health issues, and their 12 year-old child. He said: “The cost of everything is going up, except for wages.” READ MORE: Top savings account 2023: Bank provider offers ‘excellent’ rate on one year fixed account The calculator found Jason's family could be eligible to claim around £200 per month via Universal Credit. Universal Credit is a payment to help with one’s living costs. It is paid monthly to eligible people. Claimants may be able to get it if they’re on a low income, out of work or you cannot work. Britons can use benefits calculator on the Government website to check what they may be entitled to. READ MORE: Parents risk falling into 'expensive trap' and losing up to £5,600 in savings He said: “I simply wouldn’t have known about these benefits without having been flagged up. “We felt great as it meant we had more income each month that we had no idea we were entitled to". Jason decided to take the Salad loan he applied for, but understood he did not have to do so as the lenders offered him financial support, signposting and education about the money he could receive. Jason explained he would not have thought to apply had Salad not flagged he could be eligible. He continued: “The benefit could really help my household as my partner cannot work. “For me, it’s taken pressure off and will mean we can start doing things we’ve not been able to do in day to day living.” Salad Money and Scotcash state they have together helped more than 110,000 people to identify a total of £374million annual benefits, which had previously been hidden to them, and there are many other responsible lenders who also help in the same way. The UK's responsible lenders regularly provide bespoke financial support, signposting and education to around a third of all applicants, often meaning that they don't actually need to take out a loan at all. Britons can use an independent, free and anonymous benefits calculator to check what they could be entitled to. This will give you an estimate of:- The benefits they could get- How much their benefit payments could be- How benefits will be affected if they start work or increase their hours- How benefits will be affected if their circumstances change - for example, if they have a child or move in with their partner. For more information, people can visit the Government website, or the Salad Money website.