Vikings: Valhalla is back on Netflix and Freydis Eiríksdóttir (played by Frida Gustavsson) went off on her own mission. She left behind Leif Erikson (Sam Corlett) and Harald Sigurdsson (Leo Suter) to declare a new Uppsala and maintain peace. However, it appears she was deceived by Lord Harekr and Express.co.uk has all you need to know about him.  Freydis decided to leave her brother and partner and follow the mysterious Jorundr (Stanislav Callas) to Jomsborg. Here, she was introduced to Lord Harekr and his wife Gudrid (Yngvild Støen Grotmol). The pair made her feel extremely welcome and treated her like a goddess as she was carrying a sacred child. The king was sent off on a raid but upon his return, he was not happy with what had been going on in his absence. He was furious with Freydis and Jorundr for celebrating with the refugees, whom he had only been using for work. READ MORE: Vikings Valhalla season 2 ending explained as major character dies In a fit of rage, he killed the refugees and vowed to take Freydis's life next. After the birth of her son, he locked Freydis away and stole the baby as his own, believing Freydis was no longer of use. Shocked at the king's deceit, Jorundr and Gudrid took pity on Freydis and wanted to help her. After Jorundr set Freydis free and she was able to regain her strength, she returned to claim back her son from the king. However, as she was still suffering from the traumatic birth, Harekr had the upper hand. READ MORE: We discuss Vikings Valhalla season 3 and the show's future Just when it seemed Freydis would lose the fight, Gudrid threw a rock at her husband, demanding he stopped. The rest of the onlookers proceeded to pick up rocks and hurl them at the cowering king. It was Gudrid's final blow to the head that seemingly finished the king off as he lay lifeless in a pool of blood. His lies and selfishness cost him his life as his own family turned against him. DON'T MISS... 'I took a shot and I didn't stop' Alexander Ludwig on chasing dreams [INTERVIEW] What happened to the real King Edmund? Valhalla twist explained [INSIGHT] Vikings Valhalla season 2 cast explained as guest stars join series [EXPLAINER] The character is played by Bradley James, a 39-year-old English actor. He is perhaps best known for playing Arthur Pendragon in the BBC series Merlin. Viewers may also recognise him from Damien, Medici: The Magnificent and The Liberator. He was born in Devon, England, but moved with his family to Florida when he was nine years old. He attended middle school in America before returning to England for high school. READ MORE: Meet the star who plays Jorundr in Vikings Valhalla season 2 Between 2004 and 2007 he attended Drama Centre London, where he earned his degree in acting. The star is on Instagram and he shared a short clip from his latest venture, unveiling "Harekr, leader of the Jomsvikings". He also recently celebrated 10 years since Merlin came to an end on the BBC. Sharing a picture of the cast and crew, he said: "10 years to the day, the last episode of Merlin aired on the BBC. "The first thing the cast talk about when we meet up is memories of the crew. They really were magical. Miss them."  Vikings: Valhalla season 2 is on Netflix now.