Tottenham have reportedly scheduled a transfer meeting with Sporting Lisbon this week to discuss the potential transfer of wing-back Pedro Porro. The Portuguese side have been adamant that Spurs will need to pay £40million plus add-ons for the former Manchester City man, though Antonio Conte’s outfit are hoping they can lower the asking price. The Mirror have claimed that Spurs are looking to spend £27m for the 23-year-old, and are keen to offer a player on loan as part of any deal. Conte has hit out at his own club for their lack of ambition in the transfer market and hinted that he may walk away from the north London side at the end of the season, without significant investment. The report claims that Spurs are also looking at a potential move for Bayer Leverkusen centre-back Piero Hincapie, who shone at the World Cup with Ecuador. However, should they seal a move for the 21-year-old defender they would immediately look to loan him back to the German side until the end of the season. Should Spurs’ meeting with Sporting go successfully and they can thrash out a deal to bring Porro to north London, it would mean that Conte has four senior right wing-backs at his disposal. The Spaniard would join Matt Doherty, Emerson Royal and Djed Spence all vying for the demanding role in the Italian’s system. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE One of those wing-backs could make a temporary move to Portugal as part of the Porro deal, as it would allow Sporting an extra few months until the summer to decide on his replacement. Spence would be the most likely candidate as he has seen limited playing time under Conte, who admitted that his summer move from Middlesbrough was decided by the club rather than the boss himself. Bryan Gil had been linked with a loan move away from Spurs this month, though his recent impressive displays in Dejan Kulusevski’s absence may have scuppered any chances of a temporary exit and the winger could remain at the club as Conte has lamented the lack of quality in his side previously.  After a 2-0 defeat at home to Aston Villa to begin 2023, Conte hit out and admitted his side needed significant investment in order to challenge at the top of the Premier League. "To become title contenders, to become a team ready to fight to win something, you need to have a solid foundation, which means to have 14 or 15 strong players, with quality, and the other young players to develop,” Conte said. "Every season, you can add two players, but two players priced £50m, £60m, £70m. In this way, it means you are signing important players who can improve the quality and the level of your team. But this is a process, guys. This is a process."