Limescale is a hard, chalky deposit that consists mainly of calcium carbonate. It can commonly be found around taps, in kettles, on shower heads, around baths and on tiles. Removing limescale from kettles can be difficult as it’s an appliance we use to prepare food and drinks. Luckily, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their simple solution for removing limescale from kettles. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. On one such group, Facebook user Alicia Wilson asked: “How does everyone clean their kettle limescale out?” READ MORE: ‘Effective’ laundry staple to remove ‘crusty’ grease from oven racks The post was inundated with responses but the most popular suggestion was to use lemons. Diane Riley said: “Lemon juice.” Linda Hussein commented: “Fresh lemon, boil, leave for a while and rinse. None of that descaler.” Eileen Casey replied: “Boiled lemon worked for me, I’ve just done it.” Tracy Hiscock wrote: “Slice lemons, boil water with them in and leave it to steep. Then empty and wipe the lemon around the kettle and rinse well.” DON'T MISSPest expert shares four methods to ‘deter’ rats from nesting outside [INSIGHT]Four garden plants to always prune in winter [UPDATE]Mum's homemade spray to 'remove mould and prevent it coming back' [ANALYSIS] Eleanor Francis posted: “Someone on here recommended boiling sliced lemon and leaving them for half an hour. I did it and the kettle was like new, got rid of all the limescale.” Maree Reynolds said: “Cut a lemon into quarters, let the kettle with water boil and let it sit overnight. Empty and rinse the kettle. It will be good as new.” Avril Ellwood replied: “Half a lemon squeezed into boiling water. Put the half lemon on too and leave overnight. Job done.” Margaret Emmerson wrote: “I put lemon juice in the bottom of the kettle, half fill [it] with water, boil, then rinse out.” Lemons can be found in most households but can also be found in local supermarkets. READ MORE: Remove ‘stubborn’ moss from your patio with £1 ‘cleaning staple’ Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea JUST ESSENTIALS by Asda Lemons cost 50p for four which works out at 13p per lemon. Iceland Lemons Three-Pack cost £1. Ocado Lemons Twin Pack cost 65p. Co-op Hand Picked Unwaxed Lemons cost £1.85. Other suggestions for removing limescale from kettles included using a descales, Steradent tablets and white vinegar. Charlie Begg said: “Oust descaler from the supermarket.” Anita Ewing wrote: “Steradent tablets. Just pop a couple in a kettle full of tepid water. “I usually leave [them] for a couple of hours. Just ensure you rinse it out well after. I use them in my toilet bowl too.” Heather Paull commented: “White vinegar. Mine has a covered element, I put at least a cup in, top it up with water, and boil. “Then scrub clean. If you have an exposed element, cover it. Let it sit for a few hours. Scrub and see where you are. Repeat, heat. Just don’t forget to rinse it out well. Good luck.” Ann Wilkinson replied: “A good squirt of white vinegar in water. Boil it up and leave it to soak for a couple of hours. Rinse it out.” Barbara Macrae agreed and wrote: “White vinegar. I've just done mine, and it's clear now.”