Life-long NCIS fans will remember the magic of "Tiva", the cute name of agents Tony DiNozzo (played by Michael Weatherly) and Ziva David (Cote de Pablo). As far as CBS viewers are aware, the pair are living their happily ever after with their daughter Tali (Emelia & Layla Golfieri) in Paris. While they didn't make it official during the show in person, Weatherly has since teased there could be scenes on the way. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS.Tony hasn't been seen in NCIS since his exit in 2016 and Ziva left to be with her former colleague in 2019 following her brief comeback. The couple did send a letter to chief medical examiner Jimmy Palmer (Brian Dietzen) to give them an update on their life together, much to fans' delight. Sadly, there haven't been any recent updates on the couple's relationship with so many new faces and exits, including that of Agent Leroy Gibbs (Mark Harmon) to focus on. Actor Weatherly has hinted there could be more to come from him in the NCIS universe in the near future for quite some time and now he has given a major update. READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer Twitter user Davey Hart wrote to Weatherly: "We all would rather look at you and Ziva reuniting and enjoying that moment." And to stunned fans, Weatherly replied: "Stay tuned...for this might be an interesting year for such 'moments!'". The 54-year-old doesn't state in his tweet exactly when fans could expect to see this special moment on NCIS. Like the previous series, season 20 is predicted to reach its conclusion around May 2023. If NCIS is given a 21st series, then it is likely the show will be back just a few months later in September. So it is unclear from Weatherly's tweet if this potential return could happen as part of the current season or the next, which would mean in the latter half of 2023. Either way, it would be an exciting moment in NCIS history to see the pair back together again. Since tweeting, the comment has received more than 3,000 likes and 200 retweets. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry makes emotional plea to King Charles in new clip [ROYAL]NCIS’ Michael Weatherly sparks frenzy with Ziva and Tony update [REACTION]NCIS Hawaii bosses tease season 2 cast shake-up [CAST] Fans in their hundreds have also taken to Twitter to react to the tease. One viewer wrote: "Pretty please with sugar on top!!!! "I miss Tony and Ziva, even more so since Gibbs/Mark Harmon left. "The current mix of characters aren’t keeping my interest as much." A second commented: "Awww Michael i'm excited,you Ziva and got to have Tali come back with you [sic]". While a third added: "Oh, Michael, how we #Tiva fans would love for this to come to be!!" Ziva was thought to be dead at the end of 2016 after a mortar attack but it was revealed a few series later she had faked her death to protect her loved ones. After helping out the team with an investigation, Ziva left America to be with Tony and their daughter Tiva. So fans will just have to watch this space to find out if a Tiva reunion really is on the cards. NCIS season 20 continues on Monday, January 9, on CBS in the USA. A UK release date hasn't been announced.