Home decor brand Lick found has found that Google searches surrounding kitchen decor increase by over 70 percent in January and February compared to other months of the year. One of the easiest ways to give your kitchen an update is to give it a new lick of paint. While there are plenty of other changes that can be made in the kitchen, paint is both affordable and very transformative and doesn’t involve the upheaval of structural changes, new tiles or new kitchen cabinets. When decorating the kitchen, also known as the heart of the home, it’s important to design a space that makes you happy, both stylistically and functionally. You can decorate your kitchen to look like it belongs in an interiors magazine, however, if it’s not practical, you likely won’t enjoy the space. The colour experts at Lick have shared their top kitchen colour predictions for the year ahead, to help you create your dream kitchen. READ MORE: Interior designer says common home layout is 'officially' out Lick’s Director of Interior Design, Tash Bradley, has shared her expert predictions below: Tash suggested English racing greens, dark slate blues or even mustard, and country yellows to create a traditional, timeless look in your kitchen. She said: “These heritage-style kitchen colour palettes are perennially popular and will be around forever - no matter what is trending.” Inky blues are perfect for a sophisticated, timeless feel while olive, holly or midway greens will create a natural look which will “connect you with nature and can even encourage healthy eating". DON'T MISSMould will ‘vanish’ from bathroom sealant and grout with 95p spray [INSIGHT]Banish toilet limescale ‘effectively’ without harsh chemicals [UPDATE]Four bathroom decor choices to avoid - can look ‘cheap’ and ‘messy’ [ANALYSIS] These traditional colours look great when paired with a rustic wooden table, textured rugs and a cosy table lamp to create a warming, lived-in space. Neutral and natural colours will always be the top choice for those who prefer a minimalistic, Scandi or Japandi look in their kitchen. This kitchen colour palette is all about mixing bright, airy neutrals with grounding beiges or darker green shades for a bit of contrast. It’s about pairing warm tones with unpolished natural materials to add texture and make your shoulders drop. READ MORE: Natural methods to 'absorb moisture' and prevent condensation in home Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Tash recommended incorporating natural elements by adding houseplants, reclaimed wooden floors, open shelving, wicker pendant lamps, linen upholstery and wooden bar stools, all of which add texture and warmth to this kitchen colour palette. If you’re looking to add something different to your kitchen, why not try introducing lots of colours? Maximalism, which is championed by interior designer Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen, means incorporating more of everything - whether that’s fabrics, accessories or colours. Bold kitchens are designed to spark a conversation, so have fun with your colour choices. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea This style is all about the colour combinations you choose so colour blocking is a great way to do this. Tash recommends going with either a complementary colour scheme or a tonal colour scheme, for example, red with green. A simple, monochromatic black and white colour scheme will create a fresh and timeless kitchen look. Tash said: “It’s a great way to create contrast, by going light on your walls with gentle white and dark on your cabinetry.” Marble countertops and chrome fittings can add extra texture to a monochrome-style kitchen. Victorian-style monochromatic floor tiles will add a traditional finish to Victorian or Edwardian homes. Monochrome kitchens often look great with a contrast of finishes too. High gloss, white kitchen cabinets work well with black matte open shelves, for example.