Michael Schumacher’s privacy was almost violated in a horrifying incident almost six years ago. The German world champion was lying in his bed when a “close” friend committed a stunning act of betrayal. The friend snapped a picture of the struggling star and left his Switzerland home with the evidence. Schumacher’s pal then stunningly offered the images to news outlets across Europe in December 2016. Reports suggest they demanded a price tag of around £1million for the first photographs of the F1 icon since his injury back in 2013. German prosecutors confirmed that an “unknown person” was behind the shock incident. Prosecutors described the move as a “violation of his personal range of life” and a breach of his privacy. The images have never been seen in public as Schumacher’s family have kept his privacy under wraps. READ MORE: Mick Schumacher posts picture with dad Michael amid health battle Schumacher suffered head injuries after colliding with a rock while skiing with family in December 2013. He was airlifted to Grenoble hospital and was pulled out of his coma a year later. The German eventually returned to his Geneva home to continue his recuperation but has not been spotted in public since. Michael’s son, F1 star Mick Schumacher, revealed the champion is present to a “lesser extent”. Schumacher’s former Ferrari Jean Todt admitted he spends time with the star but stressed he is no longer the same person. DON'T MISSFelipe Massa lifts lid on close Michael Schumacher relationship [INSIGHT]Sebastian Vettel leaves F1 fans 'crying' with Michael Schumacher photo [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton has key advantage over 'dirty' Schumacher and Senna [COMMENT] Wife Corinna revealed more intimate details about her husband's condition in Netflix’s Schumacher documentary last year. She explained the family would do “everything” to make his life comfortable but stressed privacy was key. Corinna explained: “Michael is here. Different, but he's here, and that gives us strength, I find. We're together. We live together at home. We do therapy. We do everything we can to make Michael better and to make sure he's comfortable. And to simply make him feel our family, our bond. "And no matter what, I will do everything I can. We all will. We're trying to carry on as a family, the way Michael liked it and still does. And we are getting on with our lives. 'Private is private', as he always said. It's very important to me that he can continue to enjoy his private life as much as possible. Michael always protected us, and now we are protecting Michael."