In the first battle of the evening, Jacket Potato took on Fawn in new series of The Masked Singer. It didn’t take long for ITV viewers to try to guess who was under the elaborate costume, with many certain Shane Richie was the potato.  Ahead of their performance, Jacket Potato offered some clues about their true identity, claiming they are “smooth, creamy and occasionally baked”. They could be seen reading a copy of Romeo and Juliet, suggesting they are an actor. Jacket Potato went on to add their job is “like a marathon” and they are “no angel”. Trying to throw the panel off, they seemed to put on an American accent - are they really from across the pond? READ MORE: Tom Chambers pays tribute to Father Brown star Mark Williams Taking to the stage to perform, it wasn’t long before viewers were certain they’d sussed out Jacket Potato’s identity. Anne Witty Comb posted: “#maskedsinger Shane Richie is jacket potato! ID KNOW THAT VOICE ANYWHERE!!!.” “#MaskedSingerUK Jacket spid sounds like Shane Richie,” Lins Fan Account posted. Lisa Lisey theorised: “Sounds like Shane Ritchie #MaskedSingerUK.” Kellie Lou guessed: “Oh wait hang on that sounds like Shane Ritchie #MaskedSingerUK.” Hannah added: “Jacket Potato sounds like Shane Ritchie to me! #MaskedSingerUK #TheMaskedSinger.” Will tweeted: “Either im going crazy or that sounds a bit like shane ritchie #maskedsingeruk.” Char continued: “That jacket potato fella is either brian conley or shane richie, you can’t convince me otherwise #MaskedSingerUK.” Viewers weren’t the only ones who believed Jacket Potato could be Shane Richie as Jonathan Ross also guessed the EastEnders star was under the mask. DON'T MISS...Davina McCall addresses weight loss after sparking concern [INSIGHT]The Masked Singer's Pigeon identity 'exposed' by Ben Shephard [THEORY]Davina McCall is adamant she'll never give up her sexy wardrobe [LATEST] After the first episode of The Masked Singer, Chris Kamara was revealed to be hiding under the mask of Ghost. On why he took part on the series, Chris explained: “My grandkids, we'll sit around together and they’ll have no idea. “They love this show. They just sing ‘take it off’ and grandad’s going to turn around!” Chris added it’s a “fan favourite” show in his house and “loved Doughnuts from the last series”. Touching on his costume of Ghost, Chris said: “I loved it. It was simple but that’s what I really liked about it. “It was hard to sing in though. I never realised how hard that would be. It’s very claustrophobic.” Chris added he wanted to Ghost because it was “so simple and fun”, commenting: “I just loved the concept and thought my grandkids would love it as well.” The Masked Singer UK continues Saturday on ITV at 7pm.