Manchester United laughed at a botch-up from Sky Sports before their recent matches against Crystal Palace and Arsenal, according to reports. The broadcaster doctored up a picture of new boy Wout Weghorst in the club’s colours. And that’s despite the Red Devils giving them everything they needed behind the scenes. Manchester United knew they needed a striker this winter to replace Cristiano Ronaldo, who left the club by mutual consent back in November. And the Red Devils ended up landing Weghorst, who cut short a loan spell at Besiktas in order to move to Old Trafford. Recently, before United’s match against Crystal Palace on Wednesday night, Sky showed a picture of the Netherlands international in the club’s starting XI. Except it wasn’t really Weghorst, with the broadcasters instead using Photoshop or another piece of software to super-impose the striker onto someone else’s body. The player in question, which some believe to be Juan Mata, was considerably shorter than the 30-year-old. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big And they were also seen wearing Nike boots, rather than the Adidas ones that Weghorst usually wears. According to the Daily Mail, the botch caused ‘bemusement’ at United, who had provided Sky with everything they needed well in advance. Sky then responded by saying they needed to capture the imagery themselves, and there wasn’t enough time to do so before the game. They also declined to inform United of the body they used, with some joking it could have been Mata. They also used the same picture before the club’s 3-2 defeat to Arsenal on Sunday, with Weghorst starting for the second fixture in a row. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see It was a disappointing day for the United marksman, who struggled to impose himself as his side crashed to defeat. Marcus Rashford put United ahead early on, with the Red Devils star netting his 17th goal of the campaign in the process. Arsenal then turned the tables on Erik ten Hag’s side, however, with Eddie Nketiah and Bukayo Saka on target. United looked to have earned themselves a point through Lisandro Martinez, who scored for the first time since joining from Ajax in the summer. However, Nketiah’s goal at the death then won the game for Arsenal - consigning United to a fifth league defeat of the season in the process. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here After the game, Ten Hag gave an honest assessment and said his side had paid the price for mistakes in defence. “You have to defend better. You make mistakes and then it is like a pack of cards,” he said. “In this situation, it is something we have to avoid, the same as the first two goals when you start the game and you come up. “It was too easy to give the goal at 1-1 away. When you are in the game and at 1-0 you have to realise that more spaces will come. “We have to learn these lessons if we want to come here and beat these big teams.” And he also said: “We are good in certain situations but it is tough, as we have had a lot of games that they didn't have. “Then in the end they come and play at home and you can smell it. “I think there were moments we were brave. In the end we have to be much better in those situations, we make the wrong decisions and this is not just one player, but many more players. “Then you concede a goal which as I said we must avoid, this is the same for the first two goals. “We started the game very well, we scored the goal and we are leading but we are making mistakes which are unacceptable. “Today we must learn the lessons and move on.”