Phil Vickery, 61, has been a staple on This Morning for more than two decades as the ITV programme’s resident chef. The skilled cook joined the morning show in 2006 and became a regular asset alongside hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield. However, despite his long-term career on TV, Phil has decided that once This Morning lets him go he will stop appearing on-screen altogether. Speaking to Kaye Adams on her How To Be 60 podcast, Phil candidly admitted he won’t “whinge” when his time on This Morning comes to an end. Kaye asked Phil what will happen when he steps in his “third act” and whether he would leave the TV world altogether and find something else. Phil, who previously appeared in BBC's Ready Steady Cook, said: “When This Morning stops for me, I’ll be gone. I’ll be gone completely.” READ MORE: Dan Wootton slams Prince Harry ‘interview’ claiming royal ‘chose BFF' The celebrity chef continued: “I won’t be there whinging about, kicking about after 25 years. “I’ll be like, ‘It’s just the way it is. That’s what happens in telly.’” Elsewhere in the conversation, Phil spoke out on his family life and his highly-publicised split from former This Morning presenter Fern Britton. He admitted he still struggles with feelings of guilt over making the long journey to Cornwall, where his ex-wife Fern still lives, to see his daughter. Phil revealed he fights back indignantly against these intrusive thoughts, as he's "had enough" of the working world. "You get this guilt feeling of 'I should be working today'. Well no, why should I?" he challenged. "Enough work, you don't need to work, go and enjoy yourself!" He added that he goes through "ten year cycles where I say 'I'm not going to do this s*** anymore.'" DONT MISS:Joe Sugg admitted he and Dianne Buswell were 'taking it day by day' [PHOTOS]Amanda Owen admits sending her kids to school 'smelling of silage' [NEWS]Fern Britton inundated with support over ‘battered by life’ update [LATEST] Phil and Fern announced their split in January 2020 by posting the same statement on social media. The message read: "After more than 20 happy years together, Phil and I have decided to go our separate ways. "We will always share a great friendship and our lovely children. “We would appreciate it if our privacy is respected at this time. “Thank you for your continued kindness and support,” the statement concluded. The former couple share a daughter Winnie, 21, while Fern also has twins Harry and Jack, 28, and daughter Grace, 25, with ex-husband Clive. Fern and Phil tied the knot in 2000 and the following year welcomed their daughter Winnie in 2001. They later became co-stars on This Morning, which Fern hosted for a decade from 1999.