Authorities in California confirmed they have given search teams "no hard deadline" to find missing British actor Julian Sands. Sands, a passionate hiker, was reported missing a week ago in the Baldy Bowl area of the San Gabriel Mountains at a time when California was experiencing severe weather conditions. In an update on the search, the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department confirmed Sands' disappearance was still being treated as a search and rescue operation, and all efforts are being made to locate the actor. The search for the missing A Room with a View star had to be called off on Thursday because of worsening weather conditions. A spokesperson for the Department said: "We will schedule another ground search when the weather improves, and it is safe for our ground crews." They insisted there is "no hard deadline" for abandoning search efforts and "no date set". Local authorities also urged people to "think twice and heed warnings" if they planned to visit the Baldy Bowl area as weather conditions remain challenging. JUST IN: Germany refuses to send tanks to Kyiv as EU chief warns of 'massive assault' Mount Baldy residents noted conditions in recent weeks had been "extreme" but said they would not "rule anything out" in the search for Julian Sands. Local Stephanie Coyne told PA: "Conditions can be extreme and even as a resident we don’t hike this time of year…it’s sketchy, it can be very dangerous. "In prior years other people have gone missing and (people) get injured every year." The ski resort worker noted difficult conditions were "typical" for the time of the year but pointed out other similar accidents had been resolved with the safe recovery of missing hikers. READ MORE: Alec Baldwin breaks silence as actor vows to fight ‘horrible miscarriage of justice’ Jaqueline Miller-Weaver said: "It’s really icy in some areas, even crampons wouldn’t help you. "It’s really rough…conditions are really bad." Sands is believed to have been hiking up the popular Baldy Bowl Trail to the highest summit of the San Gabriel Mountains at 3,900 feet. Phone records suggested the British actor appeared to have been still moving at least two days after is wife, writer Evgenia Citkowitz, reported him missing. DON'T MISS:Man found alive after three days 'at bottom of the sea' [REVEAL] Woman working two jobs to pay for mum's cancer treatment decapitated [INSIGHT] Calls for Kamala Harris to be 'fired' over immigration explosion [SPOTLIGHT] /news/us/1723834/alec-baldwin-case-rust-halyna-hutchin-shooting-miscarriage-of-justice-dxus The San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department's spokesperson said: "On January 15, 2023, phone pings showed Sands to be heading to the Mount Baldy area. “Additional phone pings from the cell provider were attempted but were unsuccessful, due to the lack of cell service and most likely cell phone power failure.” One of Sands' sons, 37-year-old Henry, flew into California earlier this week to join the search team looking for his father.