Snooker fans are used to seeing Ronnie O'Sullivan sink some of the toughest shots in the sport, but even the greats are capable of oversight. And 'The Rocket' had one to remember—or forget—at the 2023 Masters on Monday. Seven-time tournament champion O'Sullivan was already two frames to the good against Luca Brecel and looked on for a clean sweep. However, the Englishman inexplicably failed to convert from close range in the third frame despite having a clear line ahead. Eurosport commentator Neal Foulds could hardly believe what he'd witnessed, remarking: “Oh wow, what about that! What happened there? That’s one of the easiest balls I think I’ve ever seen him miss.” However, it soon emerged that all was not as it appeared following a slow-motion replay of the shot in question. Instead, the miss was made more understandable thanks to some quick detective work. READ MORE: Ronnie O'Sullivan leaves English Open opponent laughing as he gets away with two flukes  “It’s a kick. It’s a monster kick,” clarified Foulds. "That is staggering. The ball just straightened completely. I’m going to just change it – it’s not one of the worst balls I’ve seen him miss. It’s one of the worst kicks I’ve ever seen because that was why it happened.” It counted for little in any case as O'Sullivan went on to clear up the frame for a 3-0 lead. And he later booked his place in the second round thanks to a dominant 6-1 victory, the widest margin of victory thus far at this year's Masters. He'll face either Mark Williams or David Gilbert in the next round at Alexandra Palace, hoping to add to his record haul of seven Masters titles. One of his major obstacles has already been removed from contention after debutant Hossein Vafaei stunned third seed Mark Selby 6-2. DON'T MISSRonnie O'Sullivan has plan to win eighth World Championship this season to be snooker GOATJudd Trump takes fresh dig at Ronnie O'Sullivan as precious Rocket record under threatRonnie O'Sullivan names new 'favourite' snooker star as upcoming ace tipped for big things    Speaking after his latest victory, O'Sullivan found room to both admonish and praise himself in the same sentence. "I'm not as good as I used to be," he said in his post-match comments. "But I'm still okay." O'Sullivan's 'okay' was enough to make relatively light work of Belgian Brecel, who failed to capitalise on his opponent's errors by making too many mistakes of his own. The Rocket will hope any post-Christmas rustiness wears off sooner rather than later as he looks to begin 2023 with major silverware in tow, targeting his first Masters crown since 2017.