Our voices, we know, no longer matter. However, while we stand momentarily powerless, we still have the ability to comment on what we observe. It is therefore worth taking stock of things as they happen. By noticing, remembering and understanding, we sow the seeds of a potential revival – this is the hope anyway. In his first political broadcast as occupant of 10 Downing Street, Rishi Sunak told whoever was watching that he had been “brought in to fix” a series of challenges, which included the NHS, the economy and our non-existent borders. These might or might not be the right priorities. That the illegal crossings and the subsequent housing of people who have flouted our laws irks is perhaps too much of an understatement. To most it is nothing more than an affront. Whatever laws might be planned by Sunak and company, we know, however, they will have little effect. Our ruling caste, be it in Parliament or more powerfully in our sprawling bureaucratic leviathan, just does not believe that our wishes trump what they like to call international law. After all, from their perspective, it is better for our country to be a dutiful member of that nebulous concept called the “international community” than to stand up for the interests of our people. Something of which they have long lost sight. Our countrymen, after all, are merely to be sweated for their lives and taxes, like Morlocks in H. G. Wells’ Time Machine while our leaders spend our resources on whatever they fancy. For the current state of our country, they feel no responsibility. So long as we work and pay, they will continue their experimentations – whatever the costs to us. The trajectory is set. We hear politicians, including Labour ones, tell us that they will “fix the problems” that they themselves created: The Conservatives because they are in office; Labour because it is their ideology that reigns supreme. Daily we hear the same bromides; daily the problems deepen. Increasingly, we realise that we are witnesses neither of incompetence nor accident but rather of policy. Perhaps inadvertently, Mr Sunak let the cat out of the bag in his unnoticed and charmless political address.  In his own words, he was “brought in” to fix a series of issues. Who “brought” you in Mr Sunak? What mandate do you have? With what authority? The idea that the person we are supposed to call our Prime Minister has been put there over the heads of the electorate to fix problems he himself created must be one of the most egregious exemplars of an out of control elite. Sunak sounded very much like a corporate debt holder whipping out the shareholder, that is to say the voting public. All this to enforce policies that have little to do with the interests of the majority and a great deal to do with pushing those of an embedded and powerful minority. Some bores will say that the UK is a parliamentary democracy. And that Sunak is therefore in No10 lawfully. From that point of view, ultimate political power is bestowed on the parliamentary party, not its leader.  It is the members of Parliament who decide who their leader is in the House, they will say. They can win office with one leader and remain in power with another. Personalities, in this scenario do not matter - and much less principles. The parliamentary democracy argument is one of expediency not value. To put the argument of the UK being a parliamentary democracy to bed, we remember a few key points. In June 2022, Boris won a vote of no-confidence. He lost neither the support of his parliamentary party nor that of the house. He still had the overwhelming support of his party members and, according to polls, was still relatively popular with the broader public. He was defenestrated by a small group of MPs in July regardless of rules stating that a further confidence vote could not take place for another 12 months. Rules be damned.  Drinking a glass of prosecco during Covid was evidently too much of a sin to be forgiven and enough to wipe clean the votes of 14 million of our very own countrymen. For his part, Sunak was also issued a fine for breaching Covid guidelines, but reciprocity rules do not apply these days. More damning, he oversaw the treasury and drove much of the insane Covid lockdown policies. He is much more to blame for the current state of our economy and the historically high levels of inflation than Vladimir Putin could ever be – the man Sunak chooses to blame for much of our economic woes in his unwatchable recording. He spent £400Bn in the space of a year, much of it from cash printed by the Bank of England, whose hapless Governor Andrew Bailey had the audacity to tell a dumbstruck Commons Treasury Committee last May that he was “helpless” in the face of rising prices. Doubling the money supply in our economy in just one year had nothing to do with it according to The Old Lady of Threadneedle Street’s chief, whose salary is only £575,000 per year. The man currently occupying Number 10 got there through, to be charitable, lobbying not electioneering, a first in our history.  Sunak lost his way to Number 10. He was defeated, according to the rules of the game at the time, by Liz Truss in September. He would have been beaten by Boris in October again had another members' vote taken place. Unwilling to face them, Sunak resorted to blackmail to stop them having their say. Be that as it may, allowing Sunak to speak on behalf of the country when no one voted for him, not even his own party; after having been defeated by Liz Truss, only marginally worse than Theresa May and Gordon Brown, tells us in how much contempt we, the British people, now stand in the eyes of those who see no trouble in forcing such an individual onto us. We must demand clear answers to the following questions: who brought you in Mr Sunak? We need to know the names of individuals, sponsors, corporates, lobby groups and much more, given that we know he didn’t get there via the ballot box. Should we ever get something close to an answer, we, the British people, will be better prepared next time we witness what can only be understood as a very modern coup. 