Earlier this evening, the financial journalist said that “nothing anywhere even close to as good” when it comes to the account’s terms on ITV’s The Martin Lewis Money Show. Help to Save is a savings scheme for individuals on low incomes who are claiming certain benefits and gives account holders a bonus payment from the Government of up to 50 percent on savings paid. One woman learned about the account thanks to watching Mr Lewis’ show and has since received an extra £600 from the Government. Appearing on tonight’s episode, Deborah, 61, Devon, shared her circumstances and why she qualified for Help to Save while running a farm. She said: "I've been self-employed on the farm for 21 years. I'm currently on Universal Credit. We just get by one month at a time. "The cost of electricity and feed is very hard to have a profit margin at the moment. On a monthly basis. I can't say I'm going to have enough money to even go shopping to be honest. "I don't think I would have even looked at what I could save. I don't think that would have been anywhere near one of my priorities.” READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come While watching The Martin Lewis Money Show in 2022, Deborah discovered Help to Save after watching the financial journalist’s breakdown of the account. Through the savings product, account holders can put away between £1 and £50 into the account each month and have it for up to four years. Compared to other accounts, Help to Pay does not pay interest, but rewards savers with a 50 percent Government bonus. The 61-year-old added: “The application process was really quick and easy. I did it straight away because I thought if I don't do it straight away, then I'll never do it. "I changed my electricity, my telephone and broadband. I looked at all of those outgoings and made the savings. "I've been paying £50 a month for two years and my account showed £1,200. The Government then gave me £600 into my current account. “It's amazing. If anyone is thinking they can't save, have a look at the details of help to save. “That bonus could come at a time where they think they can't pay their electricity bill or I can, which then takes the pressure off of them. So it is a really good thing to do." READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing After sharing Deborah’s story, co-host Angelica Bell highlighted that Martin Lewis has been one of the driving factors in getting more people to take out Help to Save accounts. On the importance of saving money, Mr Lewis said: “It's very important for financial resilience, if you can, and I know many people can't, at the moment be able to put some money in savings. “It (Help to Save) is for people who are on Universal Credit or have low incomes, not everyone will qualify, but it is worth checking.”    Those who claim Universal Credit or Tax Credit payments as a couple can still apply for Help to Save individually for separate accounts. Account holders must be living in the UK, or if they are overseas, in the armed forces, a Crown servant or be a spouse or civil partner of either. Further information on Help to Save and the 50 percent boost can be found on the Government's website. Martin Lewis is the Founder and Chair of MoneySavingExpert.com. To join the 13 million people who get his free Money Tips weekly email, go to www.moneysavingexpert.com/latesttip The Martin Lewis Money Show Live airs on ITV on Tuesday, 8pm. 