Manchester United reportedly expect Jadon Sancho to return to team training imminently in a significant boost to Erik ten Hag's attacking options. The 22-year-old is said to have already been involved in tactical analysis and could soon make his first appearance since October. Sancho last played for United in the 1-1 draw against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on October 22 on the backend of a confidence-shot run of form. Worries climaxed after he didn't feature again until the World Cup break when it emerged Ten Hag had taken special measures to ensure he wasn't the latest big-money flop from the Ed Woodward regime. But after a unique individual training programme and three months out of contention, Sancho is re-entering the fray. According to reliable United insider 'The Muppetiers', Sancho is expected back in team training this week and could have already returned. He told his YouTube channel: "Yesterday, I was told that Jadon Sancho is very close to returning, and he has already taken part in team tactical analysis. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE "He's due to join team training... it could've even been yesterday or today, or very soon, he is set to rejoin team training. "The expectation is that it will be very soon. In terms of timeline, I believe this week. "The expectation is that he should be returning to first-team training in the next few days." Express Sport pictured Sancho arriving at Old Trafford on Saturday to watch United's dramatic 2-1 derby win against former club Manchester City. And judging by the report, he will soon be another weapon in Ten Hag's attacking arsenal as the Red Devils remain the only English club left challenging in four competitions. DON'T MISS: Erik ten Hag makes pundit eat his own words after being called 'dumb' United travel to Crystal Palace on Wednesday night before returning to London for a highly-anticipated clash with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Both are likely to come too soon for Sancho, but the following run of cup games presents a perfect opportunity to re-introduce him to the action. United travel to Nottingham Forest in the EFL Cup semi-finals next week before hosting Reading in the FA Cup fourth round. Forest then return to Old Trafford for the second leg before the Europa League knockout play-off tie against Barcelona creeps over the horizon. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here