Call the Midwife fans will be relieved to know that the period drama is back for more with tales of love, loss and hope at Nonnatus House. The BBC One series has been a hit for more than a decade and shows no signs of slowing down anytime soon. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the stars of Call the Midwife series 12's premiere episode. Sister Veronica is the latest recruit joining the team at Nonnatus House and everyone hopes to make a good impression. She is no shrinking violet though and isn't afraid to speak her mind if needed. Sister Veronica comes into the show as a health visitor, having previously worked in Hong Kong. Actress Rebecca Gethings can be recognised from shows like The Mimic, David Brent: Life on the Road, The Thick of It and Extras. READ MORE: Outlander’s Jamie Fraser star recalls ‘tearing’ at Catriona Balfe Most recently, she was behind Queen Eleanor in the Lionsgate+ period drama The Serpent Queen earlier this year. Talking about her character, Gethings admits Sister Veronica isn't the best when it comes to getting to know people. She told RadioTimes: "She [Sister Veronica] doesn't really read social situations in the same way as other people. "But she means well. She puts her foot in it a lot and she ruffles feathers, but she always does it for a good reason." Greta is an overworked pregnant woman who needs the midwives at Nonnatus House's help in episode one. Actress Phoebe Thomas is best remembered for playing Holly Curran in Night and Day in the noughties but has also been in the soap Family Affairs. Her husband Wally is portrayed by actor Richard James-Neale who has been in Atlantis, The Legend of Tarzan and Thanks for the Memories. Most recently, James-Neale was behind a character called Glen in The Batman earlier this year. DON'T MISS...1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton unrecognisable after transformation [HEALTH]Call the Midwife Christmas Special cast features plenty of guest stars [CAST]Call the Midwife viewers heartbroken as beloved character exits [REACTION] The staff at Nonnatus House are concerned for Olive Macketts as she has terminal cancer. But the situation grows more worrying when she decides to discharge herself from the hospital against everyone else's wishes. Actress Clare Burt is best known for playing Madge Britton in the medical drama Holby City. Some of her other roles have been in The Salisbury Poisonings, Cuffs, Tina and Bobby and The Bill. Olive discharges herself as she wants her friend and landlord to look after her instead. Actress Stella Gonet has been in Grantchester, The Cry, Breeders, Traces and Kristen Stewart's Spencer as The Queen last year. Zoya is one of the women who go into labour during this premiere instalment. Actress Hiral Varsani was behind Kali Sanyal in the medical series Doctors earlier this year. Call the Midwife season 12 premieres on Sunday, January 1, 2023, at 8pm on BBC One.