A woman killed and dismembered her 23-month-old son because he "wouldn't eat" or "listen". Nakira Griner, 24, was convicted of first-degree murder; endangering the welfare of a child; desecration of human remains, and tampering with evidence by a jury which deliberated on the verdict for less than 90 minutes.  Police said that she initially told authorities in February 2019 that her son, Daniel Griner Jr, had been abducted after she was violently attack in the street. She claimed her assailant kicked her and continued to kick her in the head and side after she fell to the ground. When she looked up, the pram and her son were gone, she said to police. Officers found the stroller a few blocks away, containing only Daniel's sneakers. An intensive search was conducted and the child's burnt, dismembered remains were discovered buried in the yard of the his home - an autopsy revealed that he had been beaten to death.  Prosecutors said that Griner later told police that the child accidentally fell down a flight of stairs in the family home, but she said in phone calls from jail that she "did what she did to him" to cover up bruising on his body. Griner eventually told police she had hit Daniel because he wouldn't "eat nor listen to her", according to the criminal complaint. The complaint said that Griner admitted to striking the child so hard that she left bruises. Daniel's burnt body was found buried under a shed at Griner's house on Woodland Drive in Cumberland County, New Jersey.  READ MORE: More flood misery to strike California, two dead Defence attorney Jill Cohen acknowledged that her client dismembered and burned the child’s body but argued that prosecutors couldn’t prove she was directly responsible for his death and therefore could be convicted of nothing more than manslaughter. She said she intends to appeal the verdict. Prosecutors said that Griner will face a life sentence with no chance of parole for her crimes when she is sentenced next month. Griner also had another, younger son with husband at the time Daniel Griner. A GoFundMe campaign was launched by a co-worker of Daniel Griner to help raise money for him and the couple's remaining son. Since it was launched nearly for years ago it has raised almost $10,000. 