Prince Harry’s tell-all memoir Spare will share insight into his life in the Firm up to his decision to step back three years ago. Copies accidentally published early in Spain have revealed a series of bombshell claims against the Monarchy. Last month Harry and Meghan MarkleVote in our poll. One royal biographer has claimed that the personality clashes between Harry and members of the Royal Family could “mark the beginning of the end of the Monarchy”. Catherine Mayer, told the Guardian: “It is possibly something that will mark the beginning of the end of the Monarchy, and that is what we should discuss.” She added that the discussion is “important, given the lack of trust in the state at the moment”. READ MORE: King warned Harry claims 'could mark beginning of the end' of monarchy Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams said that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's relationship with the Firm has “harmed” the British Monarchy, telling Express.co.uk: “The Monarchy has, with the exception of Cromwell’s protectorate, lasted over 1,000 years. [It] is an integral part of Britain’s DNA.” He added: "The Sussexes would weaken it if they could. They have harmed it, even in Britain, especially among the young." So what do YOU think? Have Harry and Meghan weakened the Monarchy? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below. Harry and Meghan stepped down as senior royals in 2020, choosing to become financially independent, while continuing to support the late Queen Elizabeth II. Mr Fitzwilliams said that despite once holding “a special place in the nation’s heart” Harry’s popularity had declined over the last three years. He told Express.co.uk: “I see absolutely no way that they will regain any popularity, let alone their former popularity, after the series of vitriolic attacks they have launched at the Royal Family, especially in the interview on Oprah and in Spare.” A recent poll by GB News by PeoplePolling of 1,269 people on January 4 has shown that more than a third of Britons feel less favourable towards Harry compared to one year ago. Speaking after the result, polling expert Professor Matt Goodwin described the last year as a “disaster zone for the Harry and Meghan brand in the UK”. He added that the couple are “among the most unpopular royals”. So what do YOU think? Can Harry and Meghan regain UK support? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.