As you get older, you might be less inclined to adopt a new hairstyle, but there is one hairstyle element that suits every woman - of every age - a stylist has revealed. No matter your hair colour, texture or face shape, women, and those over 50 especially, should have a fringe if they want to look youthful. Fringes or bangs can vary in length and style, but they are usually shorter strands of hair that fall over the scalp’s front hairline to cover the forehead, usually stopping on the eyebrow line. Depending on what shape face you have, a fringe or bangs is one of the best ways to enhance your features to look younger a stylist has said. As women get older, it’s common for crow's feet and wrinkles to develop on the forehead and around the eyes, so getting a hairstyle with a fringe can help cover these areas, thus hiding the features which can give away your age. Hair stylist Holly Dear said: “A fringe is a great way to start the framing around the eyebrow and cheekbones. That c curvature is the best way to highlight the face shape and bring out a more youthful look.” READ MORE: Hair expert shares the ‘most flattering’ colour for every woman Layers in the body of the hair will also “add volume” so the hair doesn’t hang limply around the jaw. They’re also great for anyone with fine hair, or areas of the scalp that are thinning. A pixie cut is also a great hairstyle to consider as you get older, but it also can display sagging skin and wrinkles so it’s best to speak to a stylist about tailoring the cut to suit your face shape. As you age, fringe is ultimately one of the best ways to mask signs of ageing, highlighting your best features while downplaying fine lines and wrinkles effortlessly. For anyone not feeling brave enough for a full fringe, there are plenty of options. Dipped fringe - the lowest commitment fringe. It’s a long layer that swings across the forehead and ends below the cheekbone, level to the lips. Sideswept fringe - this fringe is cut on an angle so the shortest part grazes the brows and the longest curves down to the cheekbone. A side-swept fringe grows out fast if you change your mind. Curtains - for those who love a big, bouncy blowdry, consider a longer fringe that is split in the middle. The layers are longer so they can flick to the sides. DON'T MISS...Homeowners share three steps to removing mould on walls [ADVICE]Royal Family heirloom William most likely to inherit instead of Harry [STYLE]Luckiest animals in the Year of the Rabbit 2023 [HOROSCOPE] Full fringe - this frames the eyes and makes long hair modern and dresses the face when the rest of your hair is pulled back or styled up. Add long layers to the side to frame the face and keep the cut less boxy. Eyebrow fringe - blunt, uniform bangs that rest just above the eyebrows are great if you have full, lush brows. They're also a good solution for women who wear glasses and don't want the frames, brows and fringe competing with one other. Spiky fringe - short hair pairs well with a short, spiky fringe. Use a little styling pomade or wax to break up the hair. READ MORE: ‘Minimise fine lines & wrinkles’ in 1 week with face cupping routine The length of the rest of your hair also matters; keeping it too long, or all one length can draw the eye down to any wrinkles or sagging skin. Celebrity hairstylist Janine Jarman said although blunt cuts look "clean and pretty in theory,” they are hard to maintain and offer no softness on faces over 50. "I suggest also avoiding stopping at an awkward length like right at the shoulders or something that cuts you off — so land either above the shoulders or generally below shoulders,” she told She Finds. Consider layers that frame your face and “help to create the appearance of a lifted complexion’. Layers in the body of the hair will also “add volume” so the hair doesn’t hang limply around the jaw. They’re also great for anyone with fine hair, or areas of the scalp that are thinning. A pixie cut is also a great hairstyle to consider as you get older, but it also can display sagging skin and wrinkles so it’s best to speak to a stylist about tailoring the cut to suit your face shape. As you age, fringe is ultimately one of the best ways to mask signs of ageing, highlighting your best features while downplaying fine lines and wrinkles effortlessly.