Thomas Tuchel may be tempted to make a special request to Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy if he is sounded out by the north Londoners to replace Antonio Conte in advance of next season. The latter is yet to agree an extension to the 18-month contract he signed upon his arrival at Tottenham in November 2021, leaving his long-term future at the club in doubt ahead of the summer months. Tottenham are reportedly desperate to tie Conte down to a new deal in the near future, with the possibility of an exit in the summer looming large if the 53-year-old does not sign fresh terms between now and the end of the campaign. However, the Italian coach is no closer to agreeing a contract extension as things stand, leading to speculation that Tottenham will need to find a replacement to lead them into next season and beyond.Tuchel has been mentioned as one of several possible candidates for Tottenham if Conte walks away from his job in the summer, with the 49-year-old still unemployed after he was sacked by Chelsea in September. It remains to be seen whether he would consider a move to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium over the coming months, although it seems likely that he would ask Levy to guarantee the continued presence of Harry Kane before making any binding decisions over whether or not to join the club.The former Chelsea manager is known to be a huge admirer of Kane and insisted last year that he would like to sit down with the Tottenham striker just to discuss his approach to the game, telling reporters: "If you find any coach around the world who would not like to have Harry Kane in his team, call me. JUST IN: Arsenal given fresh Rice transfer hope as West Ham 'accept' wish "I would like to speak with the guy and hear about his ideas of scoring and attacking. Everybody loves Harry Kane but let's be very, very clear, he is a player for Tottenham. He has a long-term contract and we will not get involved in any press conference with any disrespectful comments about that."Kane remains tied down at Tottenham until the summer of 2024 as things stand and has been linked with a potential move to Bayern Munich in the not-too-distant future, with the 29-year-old yet to commit to Spurs by penning a new contract. It seems as though Tuchel would be more likely to think about joining Tottenham next season if they manage to secure an extension for Kane, although he has already declared a love for the club by revealing that he used to pretend to play for them when he was younger. "I just have something to say because as a little kid in my garden when I played I was always a team from the Bundesliga, of course, but there was one game I played with my friends when I was Tottenham Hotspur because I liked the name so much," said Tuchel after his Borussia Dortmund side knocked Spurs out of the Champions League back in 2016."I had not a picture, I did not even know that they play in London and so on. For me to play them in two legs was very special and when what I didn't know as a kid, what I felt today and yesterday, so many friendly people here in around the club."The coaching staff, first of all, from the opponent, team and all staff around down in the stadium in front of the dressing rooms at the benches and so on was unbelievable. Such great support, such a good atmosphere and so many friendly people made us feel very, very welcome." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here