Mark Webber has claimed Oscar Piastri showed “as much loyalty as he could” in a thinly-veiled dig at Otmar Szafanuer. The Alpine boss said Piastri lacked “integrity” after the Australian star ditched the French manufacturer for McLaren last summer. Piastri had been promoted to take a race seat after Fernando Alonso decided to leave the team for Aston Martin. However, the former F2 champion publicly declined the drive after it emerged he had already signed a contract with McLaren. The two teams battled for the youngster’s signature with McLaren eventually winning at a meeting of F1’s Contract Recognition Board (CRB). The saga enraged Szafnauer who slammed Piastri for forgetting “what he signed up to”. But Webber, Piatsri’s manager, has now defended the star as he opened up on the difficult situation. READ MORE: Zak Brown on Oscar Piastri's McLaren plan as he faces Lando Norris Webber told Speedcafe: “He was pretty relaxed. Ironically he was showing as much loyalty as he could do under the circumstances because he was waiting for further answers. He was the one who was the most loyal. All the other shareholders or people were certainly a lot less patient. “It still was pretty challenging what the future was looking like [for Piastri at Alpine], but then McLaren said they wanted to make a change. Oscar was available and that’s something which we had to move pretty quickly on. "They were prepared to take a huge risk with Oscar which was tremendous. Which they have done with Lando [Norris], which they have done to a degree with Carlos [Sainz] and obviously Lewis [Hamilton], under Ron Dennis. So McLaren have form of not farming their drivers out and that was a great opportunity for us to get going with Oscar.” DON'T MISS Zak Brown attacks Alpine over 'unpleasant' claims after Piastri battle [INSIGHT]Lando Norris' joke 2023 McLaren change amid George Russell 'jealousy' [ANALYSIS]McLaren boss 'excited' for 'sensational' Daniel Ricciardo replacement [COMMENT] Piastri will partner Lando Norris at the British manufacturer after the team ditched Daniel Ricciardo. The CRB report revealed the team had signed Piastri before even sacking the former Red Bull driver. Piastri’s McLaren deal was agreed on June 4 while the news of Ricciardo’s exit was only confirmed in August. Ricciardo had even taken to social media to reaffirm his commitment to the team over the French Grand Prix weekend in July. However, Webber praised McLaren’s approach to Piastri from the outset. He added: “It was just that they wanted him. That’s the first thing that makes a big difference. It’s important to be wanted and be pretty clear about what the plan is.”