Top Gear is known for pushing an array of vehicles as well as its hosts to the limit with often dangerous and unexpected challenges. Former England cricketer Freddie Flintoff, 45, is believed to have avoided serious physical injury at the end of last year after a collision on a test track at the Dunsfold Aerodrome in Surrey. Flintoff was airlifted to hospital and despite only sustaining minor injuries, it is reported he could now quit the BBC show as a result. Flintoff was airlifted to hospital following the incident which took place on December 13 while reviewing a car for Top Gear, with fellow presenter Chris Harris present. His wife Rachel, and mother-of-four, left their home in Altrincham to be by his side when she was told of the collision. It has been reported that Flintoff suffered a cut to the face and a broken rib which he was treated for at hospital. His son Corey Flintoff, 16, stated that the family were "shocked" by what happened. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan '"He's okay. I'm not too sure what happened but he is lucky to be alive", Corey told MailOnline. "It was a pretty nasty crash. It is shocking. We are all shocked but just hope he's going to be okay." This isn't the first time that Flintoff has been involved in an accident while taking part in a Top Gear challenge. Three years ago, he walked away from a 125mph crash, where he was heard shouting "I can't stop" as he went down a runway in a three-wheeled cycle car.  In a statement, Flintoff later stated that he was "absolutely fine" and knew he should have been more careful. He said: "I go to great lengths to make sure I do well in Top Gear drag races but, on this occasion, I went a few lengths too far." Now, there are reports that the cricket star could be contemplating walking away from the show altogether after two near-death experiences. According to The Times, friends of Flintoff's have said his physical recovery has gone well but he has been left "psychologically traumatised" by what happened. DON'T MISS:Carol Vorderman's appearance distracts This Morning fans  [REACTION]Richard Hammond’s daughter in brutal swipe after job loss [EXPLAINER]We put electric car to Top Gear-style test on 350-mile trip [REVIEW] The original presenters of Top Gear, Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May, left in 2015 when Clarkson assaulted a producer. The trio went on to film their own series away from the BBC, with Grand Tour on Amazon Prime Video. Since then, there has been a string of presenters who have filled their shoes including Friends actor Matt LeBlanc, presenter Chris Evans and businessman Eddie Jordan. If Flintoff does decide to leave Top Gear, then a new face will be needed to join McGuinness and Harris. The BBC declined to comment on the story when aprroached by Express.co.uk.  An investigation was launched after the incident by the Health and Safety Executive which found no evidence of any serious failings requiring a formal investigation. It was said that "all health and safety procedures" were followed on the BBC series. Flintoff hasn't spoken out about the incident or his future on the show just yet. Top Gear is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.