The Kremin has been forced to deny that there is a rift between the Russian government and a well-known ally of Vladimir Putin. Yevgeny Prigozhin leads the Wagner group – a private mercenary group that is helping the Russian military in Ukraine. He recently said that his forces were the best in the world, therefore appearing to criticise the Russian military. Priogozhin said in a video reportedly filmed in eastern Ukraine: “They (the Wagner Group) are probably the most experienced army in the world. “They have aircraft - the pilots are heroes who are not afraid to die. "There is artillery of all calibres, tanks, infantry fighting vehicles and assault units that have no equal in the world." On the Wagner Group's command, he added: “The most important thing in Wagner is the control system. "The commanders consult with the fighters, and the leadership of the PMC consults with the commanders. If a decision is made, then all tasks will be completed, no one can retreat.” Prigozhin is the founder of the Wagner Group, but only admitted this publicly earlier this year. Since then, he has risen in prominence. He is also known as 'Putin's chef' due to the fact he owns a catering company that has provided food for the Kremlin in the past. READ MORE: Ukraine MP says peace only possible when Putin ‘cannot afford war' Priogzhin has also reportedly stoked tensions between the Wagner Group and Russian soldiers after he claimed his group captured the city of Soledar recently. Kremlin spokesperson, Dmitry Peskov, has been forced to deny a rift. He claims this is a narrative being spread falsely by the media. He said on Tuesday: “It is mainly the product of information manipulation. They are all fighting for their motherland.” In an unexpectedly defensive tone, he added that Russia "must know - and knows - its heroes". DON'T MISSDoomsday clock could be brought forward amid threat of nuclear war [INSIGHT]Fears grow as Putin weeks from making ‘final push’ in Ukraine [ANALYSIS]VDL vows 'robust response' to 'unfair trade' in veiled threat to UK [INSIGHT] He continued: "It knows both the heroes who are serving in our armed forces... and the heroes from the Wagner PMC [private military company]." Putin's handling of the invasion of Ukraine has been criticised by many military bloggers aligned with the likes of Prigozhin, but this week, a more surprising figure has voiced his anger at Russia's failings. Artur Smolyaninov – who is widely known as “Russia’s Rambo” due to appearances in Russian action films – has labelled the invasion a "catastrophe". He told Novaya Gazeta: “I feel nothing but hatred to the people on the (Russian) side of the frontline. And if I were there on the ground, there’d be no mercy. “Would I shoot him? Without any doubt! Do I keep my options to go fight for Ukraine open? Absolutely! This is the only way for me. And if I were to go to this war, I would only fight for Ukraine."