Nell Jones (played by Renée Felice Smith) was the Intelligence Analyst at the Office of Special Projects (OSP) in Los Angeles for more than a decade. She was always on hand to give the agents a hand when it came to the more technological investigations and was a good friend to all of them. She was portrayed by actress Renée Felice Smith who chose to leave the CBS police procedural behind in 2021. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Los Angeles. NCIS Los Angeles actress Renée Felice Smith had been in the drama from the very beginning as Nell Jones. She was among the smallest of the stars and according to Celeb Heights, the 38-year-old is 5ft 1in tall. Smith confirmed this back in 2011 when she said: "I'm roughly 5ft 1 in but if I have to write it like at the doctors round up." The actress is far shorter than most of her co-stars when she was in NCIS Los Angeles. READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row Kensi Blye star Daniela Ruah is 5t 8in, Marty Deeks actor Eric Christian Olsen is 6ft 1, Callen star Chris O'Donnell is 6ft and Sam Hanna actor LL Cool J is just over 6ft 1in. Her onscreen boyfriend Eric Beale, played by Barrett Foa, is about 5ft 10, so towers about Nell. The one NCIS Los Angeles star that Smith is taller than is Hetty Lange actress Linda Hunt. The 77-year-old, who has hypopituitary dwarfism, is just 4t 9in tall. When Smith was still featuring in the drama, she was delighted to be working with actress Hunt again after months apart. She told Parade: “Linda [Hunt] was essentially sidelined by the pandemic, but, very exciting. "I do share a scene with her in our season finale and it's one of the most memorable scenes of my time on NCIS LA, so I’m very grateful to have her back as my scene partner." Of course, season 12 was Smith's last as her character left NCIS LA for good. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle 'converted' Prince Harry to 'new religion of woke' [ROYAL]NCIS' Dale Sawyer's future on team 'confirmed' by Director Vance star  [EXPLAINER]NCIS 20 delayed: CBS drama set for hiatus  [DELAY] Her relationship with Eric had been on the rocks for quite some time since taking on the undercover mission Hetty set for him. But when he got offered a job in Tokyo, Eric convinced her to accompany him where they could work together. Although they weren't entirely back on track, Nell agreed and the pair said their goodbyes to the rest of their team. Her exit came as Smith and Foa both wanted to try their hands at something new. Showrunner R Scott Gemmill explained to TV Line at the time: “Both Renée and Barrett have been on the show a long time, and they’re both very ambitious individuals who have projects that they want to do on their own — and we’ve been giving them time off to do so. “It seemed like a natural time to let them go off and do some other things, and give [their characters] what is a happy, hopefully, ending.” Smith's latest project has been on the short Someone to Carry You which came out in 2021. NCIS Los Angeles season 14 continues every Sunday on CBS in the USA and every Sunday on Sky Max in the UK.