Former Arsenal and Manchester United star Alexis Sanchez has made it perfectly clear where his allegiances lie ahead of the two sides' Premier League clash on Sunday. The Chilean was a smash hit in north London before a disappointing spell at Old Trafford, which ended in 2020. Sanchez sent shockwaves throughout the Premier League by ditching the Gunners for United in 2018. He had been a key man at the Emirates with 80 goals in 166 matches, but with his contract winding down, Arsenal were forced to cash in while they could. The winger eventually jumped ship as part of a swap deal involving Henrikh Mkhitaryan, and neither player lived up to expectations at their new clubs. Mkhitaryan quickly found himself on the fringes at Arsenal and things went even worse for Sanchez, who allegedly asked if he could return to the Gunners after just one United training session. Three goals in 32 Premier League appearances is a measly return for a player who was pocketing huge wages at the time, and he was sent out on loan after just 18 months at Old Trafford. JUST IN: Arsenal ace Trossard rocks the boat already as Odegaard challenged Sanchez's spell at Arsenal came to a controversial end and it later emerged that he had agreed a new contract with the club before pulling out at the last minute. Still, he made it crystal clear that his loyalties still lie with the north London club via a video posted to his Instagram story on Saturday night. Just hours ahead of the Gunners' Premier League showdown with the Red Devils, the video showed Sanchez unleashing a powerful strike past United goalkeeper David de Gea in 2015. Arsenal went on to win that game 3-0, during which the Chilean international scored a brace within the first 20 minutes. DON'T MISS...Gerrard has Potter suspicion about huge Chelsea signing MudrykFergie's 10 worst Man Utd deals as Ten Hag looks to learn from errorsArsenal target Kiwior spotted at airport as Arteta lays out 'plan' Underneath the video, he wrote: "You remembered me. I will never forget you too. You will always be in my heart. You were my first family in England and everyone took good care of me - especially the fans! All the best Gunners!!" Sunday's clash at the Emirates could be one of the most important games of the season for Arsenal, who are vying for their first Premier League title since 2003/04. With kick-off approaching, they hold a five-point lead over Pep Guardiola's Manchester City despite having played one game fewer.  United are on a hot streak of their own with significant improvements made since Erik ten Hag took charge in the summer. The Red Devils have the chance to leapfrog Newcastle United into third place by avoiding defeat in north London. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta can count on Sanchez's support from afar, with the talented forward now earning his living at Marseille. The pair spent two years in the same Gunners dressing room before Arteta called time on his playing career in 2016. 