Figures from the Pensions and Lifetime Savings Association found a single person would need £12,800 a year for a minimum standard of living in retirement. This compares with £23,800 a year for those who want a moderate standard of living, while those who want a comfortable retirement would need £37,300 a year, an increase of almost £4,000 compared to last year. Analysis from AJ Bell found a person who wants a minimum standard of living in retirement needs £52,000 in pension savings. Those who want a moderate standard of living need £345,000 in their pension pot while those who would like a comfortable retirement need £755,000 a year. Tom Selby, head of retirement policy at AJ Bell, said: “It is a sad fact that people on the lowest incomes are, on average, facing the biggest challenge, as they tend to spend larger proportions of their income on things like food and energy, both of which have seen eye-watering price rises over the last 12 months. “That said, retirees are facing painful increases in living costs across the board, with the spending needed for a single person to enjoy ‘moderate’ and ‘comfortable’ living standards in retirement increasing by 12 percent and 11 percent, respectively.” READ MORE: Pensioner gets refund of £1,132 thanks to Martin Lewis tip He warned that the current high inflation is increasing the pressure on Britons’ retirement savings. He said: “For those saving for retirement, it means their target pension pot is bigger, meaning they might need to squirrel away a bit more each month in order to enjoy the retirement they want. “Even to enjoy a minimum standard of living in retirement, a single person entitled to the full state pension might need a pension pot worth £52,000. “People aiming for a moderate standard of living, meanwhile, face a target of just over £350,000, with those wanting a comfortable living standard in retirement potentially needing a pension worth around three-quarters of a million pounds. DON'T MISS:Younger millennials are savviest age group when it comes to money [ANALYSIS]Britons could earn over £670 renting out through Airbnb [INSIGHT]‘Most effective’ method to use tin foil to boost radiator efficiency [EXPLAINED]  “While these numbers might sound humongous, the key is to start early and save often, making the most of the employer contributions, tax relief and tax-free growth over decades.” One important source of income for many retired Britons is their state pension, which is paid every four weeks. The full new state pension is currently £185.15 a week while the full basic state pension is £141.85 a week. These amounts are to increase by 10.1 percent in April, with the full new state pension to rise to £203.85 a week while those on the full basic state pension will get £156.20 a week. READ MORE: Martin Lewis urges energy customers to act as ‘crucial’ deadline looms Mr Selby said people who have retired may not be able to sustain their current standard of living over the coming years. He commented: “For those already taking an income from their pot while staying invested, the big challenge is sustainability. “Anyone who wants to maintain their standard of living might be forced to increase withdrawals by over 10 percent this year, which in turn increases the risk of running out of money in retirement. “It is vital anyone considering withdrawing more money from their pension to cover rising living costs balances the benefits of maintaining their standard of living with the risk that might be posed to the sustainability of their plan. “While this might involve unpleasant choices, most people don’t want to be left relying on their state pension alone in their later years.” According to the Telegraph, after a lifetime of saving, the average UK pension pot is worth £37,600, for those between 55 and retirement age. This puts the average UK pension pot income is around £12,000 a year, including a full state pension, well below what is needed for a moderate retirement income. Tony Clark, head of Retirement Marketing at St James’s Place said: “The good news is that through a combination of the full state pension and auto-enrolment in a workplace pension, the minimum level should be achievable for most people. “But current minimum contribution levels are not enough to get average savers over the line from a minimum to a moderate lifestyle standard. “That’s why it’s vital that they are provided with the education, tools and advice to make better and more proactive investment decisions during their working lives.”