Rafael Nadal crashed out of the Australian Open in the second round on Wednesday after picking up an injury halfway through the match and has now learned exactly what the issue is. The world No 2 has been diagnosed with a grade two muscle injury in the psoas muscle of his left leg following examination and is expected to be out for six to eight weeks, meaning he could opt to stage a comeback at Indian Wells or delay to prepare for the clay season on his most successful surface. Nadal crashed out of the Australian Open on Wednesday to suffer his earliest exit at a Grand Slam in seven years. Last year's champion in Melbourne was already a set-and-a-break down to Mackenzie McDonald when he pulled up on his leg and quickly called the physio, requiring an off-court medical time-out. There were emotional scenes as his team looked sombre in his box while his wife Mery was seen in tears as her husband left the court for treatment, and the Spaniard's camp called on him to retire but he ignored them and continued to play following his treatment, ultimately falling 6-4 6-4 7-5 to the world No 65. Nadal has now undergone assessment and an MRI scan to determine the extent of the injury, and announced that he tore a muscle in the leg. "Good afternoon. I have carried out medical tests after the defeat yesterday," the 22-time Grand Slam champion tweeted on Thursday. "The MRI shows a grade 2 lesion in the Iliacus Psoas of his left leg. Now it's sports rest and anti-inflammatory physiotherapy. Normal recovery time 6 to 8 weeks." JUST IN: Stefanos Tsitsipas channels inner Neil Warnock at the Australian Open  The timeframe for Nadal's injury recovery means that he will have to pull out of next month's Dubai Championships after signing up to the tournament for the first time in 15 years. But it works out to end exactly when the 'sunshine double' of the Indian Wells and Miami Masters start. It means the 36-year-old likely has two options, return as soon as possible in Indian Wells to get some more matches under his belt after playing just six tournaments since Wimbledon last year, or continue to practice and make a return for the clay swing at the Monte Carlo Masters in April. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu sets new injury goal after Australian Open exitNovak Djokovic drops ominous injury update to Australian Open rivalsAustralian Open star accused of 'drawing a penis' on camera lens  Nadal will also likely have to postpone his exhibition match with Carlos Alcaraz in Las Vegas scheduled for March 5 ahead of Indian Wells. According to Marca, he is already planning to play the Monte Carlo Masters, Barcelona Open, and the Masters 1000s in Madrid and Rome ahead of the French Open. The good news for the world No 2 is that he should be ready with more than enough time for the French, where he has won a staggering 14 titles and will be going for his 15th this year. 