The alleged Russian victory in the battle of Soledar in Ukraine is militarily "not very significant", said an expert from The Royal United Services Institute (RUSI). Ed Arnold, a fellow at RUSI and former British army officer, said Soledar was merely a "political" victory for Wagner Mercenaries who took the town. The paramilitary group is thought to be engaged in a "PR battle" against other sects of the Russian military.  The group has suffered massive losses attempting to take the Ukrainian mining town Soledar, close to Bakhmut. Soledar provides some benefits for the Russians, such as allowing them to control the road or "supply route" to Bakhmut, Arnold said. But Bakhmut itself is said to be insignificant and not worth the cost the Russians are paying. Mr Arnold told Express.co.uk: "When we look back on this phase in the war, in five years, we won’t be talking about Bakhmut and Soledar."   He added: "It’s obviously a political objective for mainly Wagner and [the leader] Yevgeny Prigozhin. "So, politically, what Wagner want to show is that they’re not just a security force… your bodyguards, etc… "But that they can achieve real military objectives, conventional military objectives, which is largely the seizure of territory." "There’s been a bit of a sort of PR battle around Soledar… who captured it etc. So politically it’s quite important and that’s why they’ve been giving it so much effort and essentially paid a very heavy price for taking it."  Putin’s government yesterday denied reports there was an internal struggle between Wagner and the Russian army. Dmitry Peskov, a spokesman for the Kremlin, said the conflict was invented by journalists and military bloggers. He said: "It is mainly the product of information manipulation. "They are all fighting for their motherland." He added that Russia "must know - and knows - its heroes". "It knows both the heroes who are serving in our armed forces... and the heroes from the Wagner PMC [private military contractor]."   Peskov’s comments come after a promotional video for Wagner was reportedly filmed near to Soledar that some have viewed as a snub towards the Russian army. In the video, Yevgeny Prigozhin said of his own troops: "They are probably the most experienced army in the world. "They have aircraft - the pilots are heroes who are not afraid to die. There are artillery of all calibres, tanks, infantry fighting vehicles and assault units that have no equal in the world." The description of Wagner’s supposed success contrasts from the experience of the Russian army who have been limited by equipment shortages and poorly skilled troops.    Although Russia may have taken the town of Soledar, Ukraine may have reaped more benefits from the battle over the town than the Russians, Arnold explained. "They [Ukrainians] are providing a sort of corrosion strategy, whereby what they just try to do is kill as many Russians as possible, because when they want to get back on the offensive, it means that there's less defenders. "And it's all about relative numbers. So as long as more Russians died than Ukrainians, that sort of fits into what they are trying to do." 