The firm in question is known as PPE Medpro and the company was paid £122million for 25million sterile surgical gowns. The contract in question was awarded in June 2020, around three months into the first Covid lockdown. In suing PPE Medpro, the DHSC has claimed the gowns were rejected as they were not sterile and their technical labelling was “invalid” and improper. They added that they “cannot be used within the NHS for any purpose”. This is not the first time the Government has taken on poor quality PPE. In May 2020, it had to reject 400,000 gowns from Turkey as they did not meet NHS standards. The allegations from the DHSC have heaped further pressure on Mone who attracted criticism for her involvement with PPE Medpro after an investigation showed she had received £29million from the deal. The investigation, conducted by the Guardian, showed that she had been secretly involved in the deal. As to what the DHSC is seeking, they are looking for a return of the £122million paid to PPE Medpro as well as an extra £11.6million to cover the cost of storing and destroying the gowns. In their claim they allege: “The gowns…were not designed, manufactured, or packaged in such a way that they would be suitable for use as sterile gowns. “The gowns were not manufactured in such a way that if used as sterile gowns in the NHS, they would not compromise the clinical safety of patients.” In the same way this is not the first time the Government has had dealings with low quality PPE, it is not the first time there have been internecine dealings either. READ MORE: Fury as locals slam daytrippers for overcrowding area During the early stages of the pandemic it was revealed by the Good Law Project that the Government created a VIP Lane for PPE applications referred to Whitehall by the contacts of MPs and officials. What this meant was that if an application was referred to the Government through an MP or Whitehall official, it was more likely to get a contract than someone who applied without any contacts with an MP or official. This came to a head in January of last year when the High Court said the use of said system was unlawful. Mrs Justice O’Farrell said at the time of judgement: “There is evidence that opportunities were treated as high priority even where there were no objectively justifiable grounds for expediting the offer.” “The claimants have established that operation of the high priority lane was in breach of the obligation of equal treatment under the PCR (public contract regulations) … the illegality is marked by this judgment.” DON'T MISSOne year after Brexit we are still shackled to the EU - COMMENT [COMMENT]Polling expert explains how Reform could see long-term support surge [POLL]Sturgeon named ‘tin pot dictator’ as SNP urged to drop indy ref calls [OPINION] Around £12billion is estimated to have been spent by the Government on PPE during the pandemic. However, of this, one third of the PPE procured was found to meet NHS standards and has remained unused. In a statement released in June 2022, the Public Accounts Committee said as a result of the DHSC’s “haphazard purchasing strategy” that 24 percent of the PPE contracts are now in dispute. The Government has now set about burning the unusable equipment to help generate power. However, while the ash may be swept under the carpet, discussions around the procurement of the PPE will hang in the air for a long time to come.