Brenda Blethyn, 76, has paid tribute to her "loyal" co-stars on the popular ITV series. Looking back at her 13 years on Vera, she described the cast's devotion to the programme as "phenomenal". While some stars of the show have left, many have remained since it began airing back in 2011.  The actress's portrayal of Vera Stanhope has helped to grip fans from the start, with crime drama fans often at the edge of their seats as the detective begins to piece together the clues in each case. As the leading lady, Brenda has watched the show - and the cast - flourish from the start. "The Vera crew are great," she recently remarked. "Very loyal. When you consider we started filming Vera 13 years ago now, it’s mostly the same crew today. "And a lot of local people as well. The loyalty to Vera is phenomenal. READ MORE: Prince Andrew is 'using 'Harry's attacks' to 'clear his name' "Our supporting artists are also very good. They are pretty regular and also loyal. "It’s all part of the real teamwork that brings Vera to the screen." The actress continued: "Then when I get home I’ve got to go through the script for the next day. "I might find a little anomaly or something that is not quite right.  "So then I have to sort that and get it approved and they have to issue re-writes to everybody else." Making clear her dedication to her craft, she added: "You can never just sit back and think, 'Right, I’ll learn that now and that’s done.' It all takes time to do that." When asked about the responsibility she feels as the main role of the series, Brenda explained how she is always on-hand to lend younger cast advice, but humbly admitted she is usually the one learning "from them". "I suppose anybody who is playing a major part in a series has some responsibility to set an example, if you like," she replied. DON'T MISS... Andrew Neil rips into Jeremy Clarkson over 'nasty' Meghan column [VIDEO]Joanna Gosling fights tears as she signs off BBC News [LATEST]Channel 5 viewers 'struggle' to watch 'contrived' drama The Catch [REACTION] "There’s lots of young people who come in to work on the show and they only know Vera from off the telly. "So they are all petrified when they come in. I make a point of being daft or making a joke to put them at ease. "And if they intimidated, they want some advice, I will give it. "But they are such talented young people, I usually learn from them. It’s great."  Detailing how she responds to the swathes of fans who gather to watch the show being filmed, Brenda explained the pandemic had changed things. "It’s all changed since the pandemic because now you just have to be careful, sadly avoiding close contact with people who come along to watch filming," she commented. "You are constantly using sanitiser so as not to jeopardise filming." Vera continues on Sunday at 8pm on ITV.