Declan Rice has taken offence to claims he has "given up" at West Ham after outlining his desire to win trophies and play Champions League football at the World Cup. The Hammers are facing an unwanted rut under David Moyes and should their form fail to improve, the Irons could be dragged into the relegation dogfight. West Ham have lost back to back Premier League matches since the top-flight returned on Boxing Day and now they have dropped to 17th in the table. Their decline has prompted some fans to question the commitment of skipper Rice, who has struggled to replicate the same form he displayed at the World Cup with England. The 23-year-old defensive midfielder is having none of it though, as he reaffirmed his commitment to the club despite suggestions he is keen to move onto pastures new. Instagram user @nickb_coyi wrote on the social media app: "Exactly Rice body language has given up." Rice hit back at the fan, posting in retaliation: "I keep reading little comments like these that are 1 - funny and 2 complete nonsense. "I would never ever give up, for the fans or for the club. Of course times on a football pitch get tough! But especially as captain and wearing this shirt, I know exactly what it means to play for West Ham." With 18 months left on his current contract in east London, Rice is expected to leave the London Stadium at the end of the current campaign. It could be West Ham's final chance to earn a substantial fee for the midfielder, whose value is likely to decrease drastically if the Hammers fail to cash in. Speaking at the World Cup in early December, Rice made it clear he wants to pursue a transfer that would enable him to play Champions League football. He said: "I've been playing consistently well for the club. I feel like I really wanna keep pushing "I see my friends here, who are playing in the Champions League, winning the big trophies. You only get one career. "At the end of your career, you want to look back at what you’ve won and the biggest games you’ve played in. I’m really ambitious, and I really want to do that." Chelsea are believed to be the frontrunners for Rice, who is a boyhood Blues fan having played for the club during his childhood. Rice was released by Chelsea at the age of 14 but now he could be in line for a sensational return to Stamford Bridge in 2023. Other clubs could also enter the running and West Ham will be expected to demand over £100million for his services. Manchester United and Manchester City have also previously been linked with swoops for Rice but both clubs signed defensive midfielders in the summer in the form of Casemiro and Kalvin Phillips, respectively.