Prince Edward, the Earl of Wessex, visited schools, community and voluntary organisations running the Duke of Edinburgh award in and around Blackpool on Monday. He spent time with young people who are making a difference in their communities through the volunteering part of the scheme.    Prince Edward, a trustee of the Duke of Edinburgh award as well as chairman of The Duke of Edinburgh's International Award, visited both the Oracle Youth Club and Thames Primary Academy on Monday. Pictures showed the royal, who wore a navy DoE fleece, beaming as he chatted to the young people. The Duke of Edinburgh award was founded by the late Prince Philip in 1956 as a way of encouraging teenagers and young adults to engage with the outdoors whilst embarking on a series of self-improving exercises. In order to complete the award, the individual must complete a series of exercises, a certain amount of voluntary work and a final expedition.     There are around 300,000 new participants annually, with an estimated 461,000 current participants in the UK. Over six million people have participated since 1956. The Duke of Edinburgh holds another significance for Edward, as he was promised to inherit the title from his father. It was announced when Edward wed then Sophie Rhys-Jones, in 1999. Buckingham Palace said the Queen had granted the couple the titles of the Earl and Countess of Wessex and added that Edward would inherit the Duke of Edinburgh title. READ MORE: King tipped to bury hatchet with Sussexes to save coronation A statement read: “The Queen, the Duke of Edinburgh and the Prince of Wales have also agreed that Prince Edward should be given the Dukedom of Edinburgh in due course, when the present title held now by Prince Philip eventually reverts to the Crown.” Sophie Wessex later revealed it was Philip's own wish for Edward to take on the Edinburgh dukedom. King Charles automatically inherited the title after Prince Philip died in April 2021, though it reverted back to the Crown last September when Charles asceded the trone. The final decision on whether Edward bestows the title rests with the King, but he has yet to announce his decision. DON'T MISS:Harry out for 'revenge' as he launches new 24-page report with Meghan [LIVEBLOG]Prince Andrew seen for first time since new claims emerge [PICTURES]Prince Harry 'wants to win' in coronation negotiations [DETAILS]  Speculation has been rife over whether Charles will honor his late parents wishes and give Edward the title. In 2021, the Times reported that Charles will not hand the Edinburgh title to Edward and more recently the Daily Mail said the King was considering making seven-year-old Princess Charlotte the Duchess of Edinburgh. 