Chelsea ‘love’ Raphinha and plan on reigniting transfer interest in the Barcelona star at the end of the season, according to reports in Spain. The forward was linked with a move to Stamford Bridge back in the summer. However, he ended up choosing to head to La Liga instead. Chelsea had hoped to acquire Raphinha back in the summer, at a time where Thomas Tuchel was looking to bring the player in. However, they missed out in the end with the Brazil international always preferring to move to Barcelona instead. He’s since endured a slow start to life at the Nou Camp, however, blowing hot and cold and often struggling to oust Ousmane Dembele from Xavi’s pecking order. According to Sport, Chelsea ‘love’ Raphinha and ‘do not forget’ about the former Leeds star as they plan for a brighter future. But any deal for the forward won’t be done on deadline day, with the Blues eyeing a summer swoop instead. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Chelsea are said to be convinced they made a mistake by failing to land Raphinha, regardless of his form over in Catalonia. From London, they reportedly believe their main problem is in the offensive positions - despite many fans bemoaning their lack of quality in midfield. And Chelsea will ‘throw the bait’ at Barcelona next summer, aware of the La Liga titans’ need to balance their finances. Whether that happens remains to be seen. Much may depend on Graham Potter seeing out the season or not. Raphinha is also being linked with a move to Manchester United, too, despite the Red Devils being well-stocked up top. And Barcelona may still try and keep hold of their winger, especially if he rediscovers his best form in the wake of the news Dembele will be sidelined through injury for the foreseeable future. Speaking back in September, Raphinha shed light on his decision to join Barcelona instead of Chelsea. He told La Vanguardia: “Rejecting an offer from Chelsea? Yes, because my dream was to wear the Barca shirt. “I followed them since I was young, since Ronaldinho arrived. I wanted to be a part of it. The desire was stronger than any other proposal, no matter how powerful it was financially. “I knew that I might have some difficulties to come and to be registered. But I was also aware of the effort the club was making. “So I decided to trust and adapt to the economic conditions that existed. “I was born in La Restinga, a very poor neighbourhood in Porto Alegre. I had a very poor childhood, so to speak. “But my family taught me that humility and values are much more important than material things and that has saved me on many occasions.” Barcelona boss Xavi, meanwhile, has insisted he still believes in Raphinha. “Raphinha will be important for us, I’ve no doubts on that,” he said. “Rafa will be very important as I have great confidence in him for Barcelona’s future."