The Electric Vehicle Smart Charging Action Plan published today by the Government and Ofgem, sets out steps being taken to seize on the significant potential of smart charging and make it the preferred method of long-duration charging by 2025. The plan to lower energy bills will help motorists benefit from cheaper motoring in a scheme which has been described as a “landmark plan”. Smart charging harnesses the potential of energy use data and the latest energy innovations to deliver significant benefits for consumers. This includes allowing motorists to charge electric vehicles when electricity is cheaper or cleaner, allowing consumers to power their home using electricity stored in their electric vehicle, or even sell it back to the grid for profit. It is expected high mileage motorists could save up to £1,000 a year through smarter charging. And to back this up further, the Government has today also announced £16million funding from the Net Zero Innovation Portfolio (NZIP) for technologies that harness the potential of smart charging. READ MORE: Elderly drivers call for major rule change when renewing licence One of the most popular instances is a smart street lamppost which will enable motorists to access smart charging on the move, and projects that will enable domestic appliances, from heat pumps to electric vehicle charge points and batteries, to integrate into a smarter energy system. Graham Stuart, Energy and Climate Minister, said: “We want to make smart charging an easier choice for drivers of electric vehicles, whether that is charging on the driveway, at the workplace, or parked on the street. “To do that we need to build new network infrastructure at pace, using the latest available technologies. “Today’s plan sets out how we will work with Ofgem and industry to kickstart the market for smart charging, which we are backing up with £16million in innovation funding. DON'T MISSDrivers expect next car to be petrol or diesel as EV support drops [INSIGHT]Electric car owners warned to stop charging their EV at 80 percent [SHOCKING]'Cat litter and tights' can help drivers clear frost and condensation [IMPORTANT] “This will let people take control of their energy usage, in the most convenient and low-cost way.” Today’s announcements build on the major steps already taken by the Government to enable smart and flexible electric vehicle charging. As of July 2022, all new charge points sold for private now must have smart functionality and the UK is consulting on a new policy and technical framework to unlock the benefits of domestic smart, flexible energy, and enhance its cybersecurity. Through the plan, the Government will improve publicly available information and evidence on smart charging, support the implementation of robust consumer service standards and ensure private charge points are secure and compatible with the latest energy innovations. READ MORE: Caravan and motorhome drivers warned of daily Clean Air Zone charges The roll out of intelligent and automated smart charging will deliver a win-win situation for all consumers. Reduced electricity system costs will lower prices for everyone, motorists will pay less for charging their electric vehicle, and the electricity powering electric vehicles will be cleaner and greener. Neil Kenward, Director for Strategy and Decarbonisation at Ofgem, praised the new partnership, saying electric car drivers will benefit massively. He added: “As energy regulator, we’re helping create the infrastructure to deliver Britain’s net zero future at the lowest cost to customers. This latest innovative plan will help to maximise the benefits of smart charging, offer vital savings to consumers and reduce the overall cost of energy by seizing the opportunities to use batteries to both power homes and fuel the wider grid.” The Government and Ofgem will seek to remove the barriers that currently prevent the full development of a diverse and competitive smart charging market. Alongside this, they will make sure the energy system is ready to respond to the upturn in energy demand that electric vehicles will bring. Depending on tariff, mileage, and charging patterns, smarter charging could save an average driver up to £200, and a high mileage driver up to £1,000 a year by delaying the power demand from electric vehicles at peak periods, such as 4pm to 9pm on winter evenings. By helping to efficiently balance when energy is generated and used on the electricity grid, the technology could contribute to reducing electricity prices for consumers across the network. Delivering the steps set out in the Action Plan will help make smart charging the norm at home and work by 2025. It is the ambition that in the late 2020s smart charging will also become more commonplace at long-duration public charging, such as on-street or at transport hubs.