On Friday, Starz’s acclaimed crime drama BMF will finally return to screens for its eagerly awaited second series. Ahead of its premiere, actress Lala Anthony spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and revealed the real reason she agreed to star as Markaisha Taylor.  BMF tells the real-life story of Demetrius ‘Meech’ Flenory (played by Meech Flenory Jr) as he creates Baltimore’s biggest drug trafficking and money laundering organization. Alongside his brother, Terry Flenory (Da’Vinchi Juste), the two became one of America’s most influential crime families in the ’80s. During season one, viewers were introduced to Markaisha as the wife of drug supplier Boom (Peyton Alex Smith). She was acquainted with the brothers at Pat’s (Woody Harris) party and despite being a married woman, Markaisha aroused Terry’s interest. READ MORE: Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again Unlike a majority of the characters, Markaisha is entirely fictional and despite this Lala was happy to step into the role, thanks to actor and rapper 50 Cent. Lala told Express.co uk: “I will generally follow wherever 50 (Cent) is, that’s kind of my blueprint when it comes to TV.” Though 50 Cent serves behind the camera as a showrunner, the two previously worked onscreen in his 2014 crime drama, Power. During the show, 50 Cent played Kanan Stark while Lala portrayed troubled mother LaKeisha Grant.  The actress also revealed she was familiar with BMF’s history, which further motivated her to accept the role. “BMF was a story I knew about, I lived in Atlanta when I was in high school so I would always hear about BMF and what was going on," she told Express.co.uk. “The more you got the know them, the more research you did, I was like ‘This story is just incredible.’ “I wanted to be a part of it after watching season one and seeing the incredible work of Meech and Da’Vinchi as Meech and Terry." DON'T MISS...Escape to the Chateau DIY mansion is being sold [INSIGHT]BMF season 2: Lucille star hints at devastating break up with Charles [INSIGHT]50 Cent on bringing Eminem back to screen ‘Always easy’ [INSIGHT]   Lala added: “I was like ‘This would be really, really cool to be a part of.’” Thankfully for fans, they will be able to gain more insight into Markaisha as Lala was promoted to a series regular. Deadline confirmed: “Anthony will reprise her role as Markisha Taylor, who will have an expanded storyline in the second season. “Markisha is the smart, sophisticated and street savvy wife of a powerful Detroit dealer.   “Despite the risk, Terry begins to pursue her relentlessly and they develop a friendship.” There were hints of a potential friendship during the party after Terry, Meech and Boom got into a near fight with Kwame (Christian Anderson) and his crew. After the scuffle, she went and told the brothers they look too good to be fighting. Their deepening friendship will undoubtedly cause friction in season two because Markaisha is married to Boom and Terry was taking things seriously with LaWanda Roosevelt (Sydney Mitchel) after she gave birth to their son. BMF season two will premiere on Friday, January 6 on Starz in the US and on LIONSGATE+ in the UK. 