The former Wet Wet Wet frontman looked amazing in the role after successfully beating a 30-year drug addiction. Marti, 57, took on the role of Ratman in the hit panto at the Birmingham Hippodrome. Fans flocked to social media to comment on how well the Wishing I Was Lucky singer looked. One fan wrote: “Hi Marti! You’re looking very good, You’re such an amazing man! Lots of love and Kisses.” While another posted: “While another posted a very handsome rat.” READ MORE: Carol Vorderman turns heads in eye-popping video  As well as performing, Marti, alongside his songwriting partner Grant Mitchell, wrote a slew of songs for the production.   In the 2023 run Marti was joined on stage by fellow celebrities, former Hear'say’ singer Suzanne Shaw and This Morning favourite Dr. Ranj.   Birmingham's Dick Whittingham is the UK's biggest regional pantomime and features sets and costumes from the prestigious London Palladium. The news of his role comes after the singer candidly addressed his drug addiction and how he had finally beaten the disease.   According to The Sun, Marti said of his addiction: "It was a textbook. I couldn't function without it.   “But there's no romantic side to heroin – it's no good."   In the late ’80s and early ’90s, Marti was lead singer with the popular Scottish pop band Wet Wet Wet.  DONT MISS: Harry revealed Taliban kills 'for own healing' in new interview ITV confirm Love Island spin-off for 'middle aged' hopefuls Maya Jama distracts Love Island viewers as they praise 'unreal' look Marti enjoyed great success with the band throughout the ‘80s and 1990s.   Their hits included, Angel Eyes, Sweet Little Mystery and Love is Around.   The band also sang the theme song for the classic British movie Four Weddings and a Funeral. Love is All Around was a hit worldwide and stayed at the number one slot for a whopping 15 weeks. This is not the first time the handsome singer has appeared on stage.   In 2012 the singer was cast in the arena tour of the musical version of The War of the Worlds - Alive on Stage! The New Generation.   A year later, he played Che Guevara in a national tour of Evita, reprising the role for a short run in London’s West End in 2014.  Marti also starred as the narrator in Willy Russell's Blood Brothers at Hastings White Rock Theatre in March 2015.