The Dingles have been rallying together in a desperate bid to get 10-year-old Kyle Winchester (played by Huey Quinn) set free. He shot Al Chapman (Michael Wildman) when he saw his father Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) embroiled in a vicious fight with the corrupt businessman. After having a chat with Cain's long-lost half-brother Caleb Milligan (Will Ash), Kyle turned himself in to the police, but Caleb's lawyer is confident the Emmerdale youngster will be spared a prison sentence.  During Monday's episode, the Dingle's new lawyer gathered together with Cain, Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) and Amy Wyatt (Natalie Jamieson) to discuss his legal strategy. He said: "Our argument is simple. Kyle is not guilty as charged because he was acting in defence." "If the prosecution accepts our evidence Kyle could walk out of court on Thursday," he added. The lawyer said the family has Caleb to thank before he told Cain he was unable to attend the plea hearing as he was a witness to the murder. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert issues warning to guest over WWI albums "He's my son, he needs to see me," Cain added. "Caleb knew this, I bet he is loving it." Later on, Cain was furious about Caleb finding his son a solicitor. "I've only been out [of prison] for a couple of days, I have not had the chance to do my own research yet," Cain raged. He told Moira he wanted the judge to postpone so he could find a new lawyer as he was worried about the one Caleb found.  "I don't trust Caleb," Cain added. "He's the sole reason he confessed in the first place." Moira told Cain to get his priorities in order and forget his pride for Kyle's sake. During the episode, viewers took to Twitter as they were convinced Caleb knew the lawyer as he used him when he was charged with crimes in the past. Robert said: "Yep Caleb is loving it, he is playing a sick game here... #Emmerdale." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale history to repeat itself as Gabby Thomas 'falls pregnant' [UPDATE]Emmerdale's Bernice Blackstock makes enemy of resident after snub [LATEST]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb's true identity in Nicky twist [THEORY] Nikki Jenkins penned: "@Emmerdale I think we are going to find out Caleb has a secret past." Chris said: "Cain, grow up and act your b****y age. Unless there's so much more he's keeping to himself about new wonder Dingle Caleb." (sic) Emma added: "Surely question how Caleb knows such a hot shot solicitor #Emmerdale." @Pilch1972 fumed: "Oh bog off Caleb #Emmerdale...You most definitely are up to something." However, Maddie said: "Why is Cain so against Caleb? He’s coming off as being very jealous of him for some reason? @emmerdale."  Elsewhere in the episode Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb) told Chloe Harris (Jessie Elland) she needed to move out of his place urgently. Chloe is carrying Mackenzie's unborn baby following a one-night stand, unbeknown to his partner Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins). He fumed at Chloe: "Have you got no conscience at all? This can't happen." "Charity has just let me back in and I am just trying to do my best for everyone - do you want Charity to know?" Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV. 