Lisa Marie Presley's cause of death has not yet been determined, with the medical examiner choosing to defer findings. The Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner is reportedly requesting additional studies and further investigation into the singer's death. The initial examination was unable to determine Presley’s cause of death. After more testing has been carried out, a doctor will evaluate the case again, but the timeframe for this process is not clear, a spokesperson for the medical examiner-coroner's office told CBS News. The cause of Lisa Marie's death remains unknown, but the star died earlier this month after being rushed to the hospital from her Calabasas home after experiencing cardiac arrest. READ MORE: BBC Radio 2's Scott Mills reacts to Ken Bruce 'replacement' backlash On January 12, Lisa Marie's mum, Priscilla Presley, posted on Facebook that her daughter was rushed to the hospital. "Please keep her and our family in your prayers. We feel the prayers from around the world, and ask for privacy during this time," she penned. Shortly after Priscilla's initial post, her publicist put out a statement about her daughter's death. "Priscilla Presley and the Presley family are shocked and devastated by the tragic death of their beloved Lisa Marie," the statement read. "They are profoundly grateful for the support, love and prayers of everyone, and ask for privacy during this very difficult time."  Lisa Marie, who is the only daughter of Elvis Presley, will be laid to rest at the legendary singer's home at Graceland. Details of the singer-songwriter's memorial service have now been released. On Graceland's official website, it was announced that Lisa Marie's memorial service will be held on Sunday, January 22, at 9am on Graceland’s Front Lawn. The message read: "In addition to family and friends, the general public is invited to attend. DON'T MISS... BBC Radio 2's Scott Mills reacts to Ken Bruce 'replacement' backlash[LATEST]Carol Kirkwood addresses her 'most embarrassing' gaffe[TV]‘Unrecognisable’ Sue Cleaver shows off jaw-dropping weight loss[HEALTH] "Following the service, there will be a procession to view Lisa’s final resting place in Meditation Garden. "If you are unable to attend the service in Memphis, the ceremony will be available to watch online via Graceland’s Livestream page." They added: "Following the memorial service, all fans may join a procession to Meditation Garden where Lisa Marie and her family have been laid to rest and then back down through the front gates. "All guests on the north lawn will be able to join the procession following friends and family." Tributes poured in for Lisa Marie as the news of her death shocked the showbiz world. Singer Dolly Parton shared a loving tribute to Lisa Marie Presley following her tragic death. "I just wanted to send my sympathies to Priscilla 'cause I can only imagine, but I knew he'd be waiting for her. "I thought, 'Well, Elvis is there waiting for her,' and we just all love that family and just wish them the best, but that was a sad, sad loss. "Hopefully they are up there being happy together, and hopefully Priscilla [Presley] will find some peace through the love that we all have for her," Dolly told Entertainment Tonight.