Six people were killed and another three were injured following a "fatal motor vehicle accident" involving a freight truck and tour bus, New York State Police have confirmed. As many as 15 people were on the bus when it collided with the truck at around 6am (11am GMT) on State Highway 37 in Louisville. The driver of the box truck was the only one in the vehicle. Officers from the Empire State's constabulary continue to investigate the accident and State Highway 37 is now re-opened. The highway had been shutdown to traffic for 12 hours on Saturday. In a previous update, New York State Police said: "On January 28, 2023, around 6.02 am (11.02am GMT), State Police members responded to a fatal motor vehicle accident on State Highway 37 in the town of Louisville. JUST IN: Police chief warns 'most people are armed' after homeowner shoots 27-year-old burglar Police later confirmed six people had died, one person was in critical condition and another two were seriously injured. The injured victims were transported to local hospitals to receive treatment, including Massena Memorial, Canton-Potsdam Hospital and Claxton Hepburn Medical Center. State Police were assisted by St Lawrence County Sheriff’s department and multiple fire and rescue teams, such as Louisville, Waddington, Norfolk, Madrid, Massena and Seaway Valley. Officials described the crash site as “gruesome,” TV station WWNY reported. READ MORE: Melania leaves Donald Trump to campaign without family amid revived Ivanka fallout claims Waddington Mayor Mike Zagrobelny said on Facebook: "Thank you to all of the first responders from around the county, including Waddington Volunteer Rescue Squad and Waddington Volunteer Fire Department, who responded. "Thank you to St Lawrence County dispatch for coordination of efforts, and hospital workers. "Please share thanks with the responders but also grant them the grace to deal with what they may have witnessed. "Thank you again for being there at the worst of times." DON'T MISS:Heartbroken mum of Tyre Nichols speaks out[REVEAL]Cops face investigation after traffic stop death[REPORT]Memphis cops filmed crying over pepper spray as Tyre Nichols lay dying [INSIGHT] Road conditions had been covered in snow, leading to poor visibility. The box truck was also said to have been fully loaded at the time of the crash. 