Labour shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves claimed that living standards and growth were “on the floor” and the economy had “crashed” due to 13 years of Tory failure. Never mind that we have just been through a pandemic, followed by an energy and food price crisis exacerbated by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and yet have still held together, helped the vulnerable, kept unemployment low and are poised to return to growth in the second half of this year. Or that, as Mr Hunt rightly claimed, we are well-placed in Britain to be a world leader in the fastest-growing industries of the next 20 years – the digital economy, green industries, lifesciences, creative industries and high finance. All of these economists call “high value-added” sectors which can support high wages and generate high tax revenues to fund world-class public services. And it is to these sectors we must turn rather than cling to the old pre-Brexit economic model implemented by Ms Reeves’s party of using millions of imported workers to expand low-wage employment. It is high time everyone whose own living standards are guaranteed by taxpayer funding whether politicians or BBC broadcasters – stopped talking the country down and making life harder for those in the wealth-generating private sector. As Margaret Thatcher noted when chided by the media about high unemployment during a visit to the North-East in the mid-1980s: “Why don’t you say, ‘look, 80 percent are in work’. Yes, we have to try to get work for the 20 percent who aren’t, but some of the work that is being done is fantastically successful. Don’t you think that’s the way to persuade more companies to come to this region and get more jobs for the people who are unemployed? Not always standing there as moaning minnies. Now stop it!” These days official unemployment rates are under five percent in most places. But there are still millions of working age people outside the labour force. And they must be enticed back or in some cases encouraged to take up work for the first time. That will require a renewed emphasis on welfare reform, more investment in skills and training and – most importantly – making work pay by letting peoplekeep more of what they earn. Mr Hunt appears to get the message, telling his audience yesterday: “My party understands better than others the importance of low taxes in creating incentives and fosteringthe animal spirits that spur economic growth.” And yet all he promised on the tax front was jam tomorrow: “Another Conservative insight is that risktaking by individuals and businesses can only happen when governments provide economic and financial stability. So the best tax cut now is a cut in inflation.” Undoubtedly getting inflation much lower is a precondition for sustainable growth and for better industrial relations. But on its own it hardly amounts to an actual plan for growth. Mr Hunt needs to try harder in his next Budget in March to show he appreciates that while Liz Truss and Kwasi Kwarteng got their implementation all wrong, they were right to argue for pro-growth policies such as cutting red tape on business and streamlining planning processes. Our world-beating university sector is getting better all the time at creating business partnerships to help promote prosperity. But we need to be ensuring young workers have the skills and mindset needed by these enterprises of the future. That is where the idea of levelling-up, pioneered by Boris Johnson but still emphasised by Rishi Sunak, comes in. There are parts of the country where expectations and educational standards are high and the idea of young people fulfilling their potential is the norm. But there are many other places where these notions are still considered far-fetched. As Mr Johnson noted, talent is evenly spread across Britain, but opportunities are not. For all our sakes, we have to reconnect our left-behind communities to our economic networks via investment in better transport, internet, educationand technical training. One might say that it’s hardly rocket science, but then again there is no reason why it shouldn’t be if we nurture a spirit of positivity about what Mr Hunt rightly described yesterdayas “British genius and British hard work”. And moaning minnies, please take your cynicism elsewhere."