1. The National Trust family pass is for admission only and excludes car parking charges. 2. The National Trust family pass is a single-use pass and may only be used once. 3. Only one National Trust family pass per household will be permitted. 4. The promotion is open to anyone who is a resident of England, Wales and NI except employees of Reach PLC or National Trust and their immediate families. 5. To redeem the free National Trust family pass, you will need to cut out the in-paper voucher or present the email with your free family pass to a member of staff at your chosen National Trust site. 6. The National Trust family pass is a single use pass which allows two adults and up to three children or one adult and up to four children to receive free admission to a National Trust property of your choice. a. Adults are those aged over 18; children are those aged between five – 17; under 5s receive free admission at National Trust properties. 7. The National Trust family pass will be valid for use from the date of receiving your in-paper voucher or email through to Friday March 31, 2023. 8. The National Trust family pass is valid from Monday to Sunday at National Trust properties within advertised opening hours. 9. There are some exclusions on National Trust venues / properties included in this promotion and special events are not included. Some properties require advance booking. For a link to the excluded properties, as well as details of how to book certain properties in advance. 10. Some properties require booking in advance of the visit date, please check the property’s website prior to visiting to check whether this is the case with your chosen property and to book tickets. At these properties, without a booking we cannot guarantee entry. a. How to book at a bookable property: i. Visit the property’s website, click "Book a Visit" ii. Select a free membership ticket and when asked for your membership number type ReachPLCFreeAccess iii. Complete the transaction and you will receive a confirmation email. If you only select the free members tickets, you will not need to enter your debit/credit card details and you will not be charged. iv. Bring along both your booking confirmation and the cut out in-paper voucher, or the email with the your free family pass. Present these both to the National Trust team member on arrival. b. Without both the booking confirmation and the free family pass we cannot guarantee entry, and without the free family pass (email or cut-out) you will not receive free entry and will be charged the full admission price. 11. The National Trust family pass has no cash value and cannot be redeemed against the cost of membership. 12. The National Trust family pass is not for resale and cannot be transferred to others. If the National Trust deems this to have occurred, we reserve the right to refuse use of the pass and the full admission price may be charged. Excluded properties. A link to this list on the National Trust website can be found here. Exceptions also include all car parks, and properties managed by Historic Houses Hotels Ltd, English Heritage, CADW, London Partner properties and local authorities.