Manchester United owners the Glazers’ plans to sell the club by the first quarter of 2023 is ‘looking tight’, it has been claimed. The Americans announced in November they were open to parting ways with their prized asset. The Red Devils have attracted interest from Qatar, while Amazon and Facebook have been linked as well. The Glazers have long been polarising figures at United, with the Americans overseeing a torrid period in the club’s history. Initially, upon buying the club in 2005, the Red Devils continued to dominate with Sir Alex Ferguson working his unique magic. But United have won just three trophies over the last decade, with the fallen giants slipping further behind the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool as a result. Back in November, the Glazers dropped a bombshell by revealing they were open to selling the club. Since then, it’s emerged they’re hoping for a takeover to be completed by the first quarter of the year. Yet commercial expert and head of sports services in the London office of law firm JMW Solicitors Ben Peppi, has admitted the Glazers’ attempts to meet that deadline are ‘looking tight’. Furthermore, he also claimed any new owners could inherit the naming rights of both Old Trafford and their Carrington training complex. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big He told Football Insider: “Beyond naming rights, a front-of-shirt deal is the most valuable piece of the sponsorship inventory. “That is clearly very attractive to a potential new owner. We also know that the United sale process might involve certain infrastructure commitments – redeveloping the stadium and the training ground. “So, it’s not just front-of-shirt rights we’re looking at here. It could also be naming rights for the training ground and Old Trafford, which together might be worth around £100m. “The target to conclude a sale in the first quarter of 2023 is looking tight. “But it is not untoward to say that United will have a new owner and front-of-shirt sponsor ready for the 2023-24 season.” He added: “The upper limit will depend on the length of the deal and other elements connected to the ownership group. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see “We can, however, be certain that it will go beyond what TeamViewer paid. “United have a history of signing record deals and the ability to leverage their global fanbase. They continue to promote the fact that they have over 1billion global followers. “If someone is spending billions on United, there is every chance they might want both front-of shirt and naming rights.” Right now, takeover talk has gone quiet at United. Yet it did recently emerge that Qatar were open to owning a Premier League club, and the country certainly has the money to make a deal possible. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Likewise Amazon, though Apple and Zara have both distanced themselves from takeover talk. The Glazers have owned United ever since 2005, when they purchased the club for a massive £790million. However, they’re hoping to make a profit amid suggestions they’re seeking a fee as high as £7billion to let the Red Devils go. Last month, Erik ten Hag opened up on the Glazers and what he’d been told about any sale of United. "Richard Arnold told me," he said when asked how he found out about the shocking development. "They (the Glazers)’re open and transparent. I was informed by the club but I’m not talking with the owners about this issue. “My information is that it will only be good things because there will be more investment possible, which is good. "We spoke about the culture we want. We spoke about objectives, goals and the culture and he (Arnold) confirmed it won’t change, it will be even better because more money will become available for this project. “I have met them, yes. I don’t speak to them that often but I’ve met them and I’ve spoken to them before I was appointed and when I was appointed. “We spoke about how we will work together and how we are going to achieve our objectives but the most contact with Richard."