Letters from King Edward VIII to a fan have emerged for sale detailing his bitterness at what he felt was unfair treatment following his abdication. The correspondence reveals how Edward, the then Duke of Windsor, believed the Royal Family and the media had tried to "humiliate and misrepresent" him and Wallis Simpson. King Edward VIII caused a constitutional crisis when he abdicated the throne in 1936 so he could marry American divorcee Wallis. The events caused a deep and long-lasting rift between Edward and his young brother and successor George VI, who had been the 'spare' to the heir. Edward and Wallis were later exiled to France, where they lived in a historic and luxurious villa in Paris. The Duke of Windsor vented his frustrations to avid fan Lillian Boraston in a series of letters sent as he travelled around the world in the months after his adbdicationMrs Boraston, who lived in Surrey, was a keen royal fan who regularly sent letters and poems to Edward. She kept all of her correspondence with the Duke safe in a box of family papers which has only recently been rediscovered. They are now being sold by a granddaughter at auction.The most insightful letter reveals the sense of betrayal which Edward felt after travelling to the US and before his controversial visit to Nazi Germany. Mrs Boraston sent the Duke a poem and her hopes that he was not missing home too much. In September 1937, his private secretary responded: "I am desired by the Duke of Windsor to acknowledge your letter of August 30th. "His Royal Highness thanks you for the poem and your kind wishes, but asks me at the same time to assure you that the information that His Royal Highness is homesick is entirely without foundation. "His Royal Highness wishes me to add that quite apart from rumours in the press, it is not very likely that he would be missing the country which in every possible way, tried to humiliate and misrepresent both himself and the Duchess of Windsor." Auctioneers said the parallels to Harry and Meghan's dramatic move to America are 'clear to see'. READ MORE: Britain poised to send game-changing tanks to Ukraine They were written between June 1937, six months after his abdication, through to Christmas 1939. The vendor, who wishes to remain anonymous, said: "My grandmother died when I was five years old, but these letters were mentioned occasionally. "They give a great insight into the Duke's life in the 1930s - where he stayed, where he went on honeymoon etc."All things that we would now learn from TV or social media. "The archive is expected to make £500 when it goes under the hammer at Catherine Southon Auctioneers of London. Auctioneer Catherine Southon said: "It's amazing that these letters have just come to light and the parallels there are with today's Royal Family are clear to see. "People are still totally fascinated with them - the drama surrounding the Duke and Duchess of Sussex or the death of the Queen last year." The letters will also come with nine scraps of newspaper cuttings relating to the Duke of Windsor from 1936 to 1941. All of the letters will be on sale February 8. DON'T MISS: Russia plans to mobilise '500,000 troops in days' in move that could 'end Putin'