Manchester United's summer transfer business will be dependent on selling players and the club qualifying for the Champions League next season - even if the Glazer family sell up - according to reports. The Red Devils look set to endure a quiet January window despite closing in on their second loan capture in Wout Weghorst. The unexpected arrival of the Dutchman is reflective of United's current financial situation with Erik ten Hag restricted to minimal finances in the market despite his desire to improve the squad. Thankfully, United's mass spending spree in the summer has already fired them up the Premier League table as they seek to cement a top-four finish. According to The Telegraph, Champions League football will hold the key to any hopes of summer arrivals - as will raising cash through sales - despite plans to land a top-class striker and central midfielder for Ten Hag. That's because under UEFA's new cost-control rules, clubs around Europe will be restricted to spending just 70 per cent of their total revenue on transfers, wages and agent's fees by the time the 2025/26 season comes around. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE By next season, UEFA are expecting a 90 per cent compliance which means United will have to raise some of their own cash through player sales in order to continue investing in their squad. United could also see their finances significantly bolstered by returning to the Champions League after failing to qualify for the competition last season. The report also claims United have earmarked five names as potential targets including Harry Kane, Jude Bellingham, Frenkie de Jong, Victor Osimhen and Benjamin Sesko. Kane could potentially be up for grabs should he continue to avoid signing a new contract with Spurs. His current deal is due to expire in the summer of 2024. READ MOREArsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWMan Utd agree Wout Weghorst deal with Besiktas in transfer breakthrough for Erik ten Hag Meanwhile, Napoli could be set to demand over £100m for Osimhen with Sesko set to join RB Leipzig at the end of the season from Red Bull Salzburg. While Bellingham is a name of huge admiration, there is a sense United may struggle to raise the kind of cash Borussia Dortmund will demand in order to agree to a sale. There is optimism that the club will still be able to land one striker and one midfielder for Ten Hag at the end of the campaign, should United achieve their goals for the season. United's purse strings are currently so tight that they've only been able to explore the loan market this January. Jack Butland has already arrived on loan from Crystal Palace and he will provide cover for David de Gea after Martin Dubravka returned to Newcastle. Now Weghorst is set to arrive to replace the already-departed Cristiano Ronaldo following the five-time Ballon d'Or winner's switch to Al-Nassr. Prior to that, United had also been looking at a loan swoop for Joao Felix, although the numbers involved simply did not add up for the club. Chelsea have since moved to land the Portuguese attacker and they will pay around £10m to borrow him from Atletico Madrid until the end of the season.