WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Death in Paradise.Death in Paradise is renowned for welcoming new faces to the beautiful Saint Marie in every episode and season 12's latest instalment will be no different. This time, the team will be investigating the murder of an estate agent during the sale of a private beach. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about the cast. Among the suspects in this episode is Ryan Cook, portrayed by Barney Walsh. He rose to fame as the son of The Chase presenter and actor Bradley Walsh, starring with him in the ITV travel series Breaking Dad. This isn't the only time Barney has worked alongside his dad either as he plays PC Harness in the period drama The Larkins. Some of his other parts have been in Doctors, King Arthur: Legend of the Sword and Indulgence. READ MORE: Here's where the original Keeping Up Appearances cast is now Cheryl Horner is played by actress Laura Rollins who portrayed Aesha Lee in the BBC drama Doctors. She was in the series for six years before making her exit in 2020. Rollins won the award for Best Female Dramatic Performance at the RTS Midlands Awards thanks to part in Doctors.She has also been in Innocent, Silent Witness, Miss Scarlet and the Duke, Father Brown and The Reserves. Soap viewers will recognise Scottish actor John Michie from Coronation Street when he played Karl Munro for two years. He was sent to prison for the murder of Toni Griffiths (Tara Moran) and Sunita Alahan (Shobna Gulati). Michie has also been DI Robbie Ross in the STV detective drama Taggart and CEO Guy Self in Casualty and Holby City. He will be behind a character called Peter Galbraith in episode three. DON'T MISS...James May having 'difficult time' following Grand Tour 'axe' [EXPLAINER]Death in Paradise fans 'work out' Neville Parker's death [REACTION]Death in Paradise episode 2 sees the darker side of comic Robert Webb [CAST] Actress Fiona Button will be playing Hannah Roberts in Death in Paradise's latest episode. She is best remembered for playing Rose DeFoe in all three seasons of The Split on BBC One. Button has also been in My Mother and Other Strangers, Flack, Grantchester, Trying and Out of Her Mind. Most recently, she appeared in the movie Fisherman's Friends: One and All as Petra last year. Rounding off this week's guest stars is actor Okorie Chukwu as Jermayne Boone. He has been in Level Up, the TV series of War of the Worlds, My Mad Fat Diary and The Complex: Lockdown. His biggest role to date though is as Koji in the second season of ITV sitcom Kate and Koji. Death in Paradise season 12 continues every Friday at 9pm on BBC One.