Millions of Britons have caught COVID-19 since the start of the pandemic. For many of these people the symptoms clear up by themselves after a few weeks. However, for others the side effects can persist for longer, having an impact on their daily lives. The NHS says most people who contract Covid feel better within weeks, and make a full recovery within 12 weeks. If the symptoms continue beyond this it is likely you have post-Covid syndrome - more commonly known as long Covid. This was the case for one 53-year-old NHS worker who first contracted Covid in April 2020. Her story was shared as a case study by the Welsh Government.  READ MORE: Expert calls to extend winter school holidays to ease flu crisis  “She was fit and well prior to contacting COVID-19 and had no significant medical history,” it explained. “She describes herself as very active and health conscious although she can be stressed and anxious at times. “She became unwell with suspected COVID-19 in April 2020. “No test was available and she was ill for approximately two weeks with a high fever, cough, fatigue, loss of sense of taste and smell.”   Three weeks after first becoming unwell she tried to go back to work but was “unable to function”. One symptom she experienced was myalgia, which is the medical term for muscle aches and pains. “She reported increased fatigue, breathlessness, myalgia, cognitive issues and increased anxiety,” the study said. “She remained off work with enduring Covid symptoms which were of a relapsing and remitting pattern.  “All tests and investigations suggest that there are no significant clinical concerns, or origin for the ongoing symptoms. “She attempted to return to work again in October 2020 and failed. “This left her significantly distressed and increased her symptoms.” The following January the patient was assessed by a Covid rehabilitation team and the NHS Wellbeing Service. The case study said: “The Covid rehabilitation service provided significant advice around vocational rehabilitation and worked with occupational health services on a slow phased return to work and adaptations to her work environment.  “This helped manage her fatigue, anxiety and its cognitive presentation. “She has now returned to work and feels better equipped to cope with symptom management.” According to the NHS, the most commonly reported long Covid symptoms are: However, some people also experience: 