Cam Norrie has warned Jack Draper has to be “perfect” to shock Rafael Nadal in the first round of the Australian Open. And the British No.1, who recently beat the Spanish superstar in Sydney, claimed the top seed is capable of going on another “mad run” in Melbourne and retain his title. Draper practised in the Rod Laver Arena today after reaching the semi-finals of the Adelaide International 2 last week. But the 22-time Grand Slam champion admitted he was vulnerable against his fellow left-hander after losing six of his last seven matches starting at the US Open. Norrie beat him for the first time at the fifth attempt at the United Cup in Sydney after failing to win a set in their first four meetings. But the world No.12 insisted Nadal was “dangerous” and he could detect no lingering effects of his abdominal injury during their three-set encounter. Norrie said: “I played Rafa at the start of the year so I guess that was to my advantage. But I had to play unreal to beat him. I played almost a perfect set in the third set. I had to put the ball in almost perfect places to hold on to my serve. I had to execute and I had to do a lot of things well, and my whole game kind of came together that day. And it was just enough to beat him. "So for me he's even more dangerous than ever. He's taken a couple of losses and he's fresh, he's feeling good. I think with guys like that he's even more dangerous. He's come back from injury so many times before. And so for me, it's not going to be surprising if he's goes on a mad run or he plays unreal level because it's the way he is. The way he competes is amazing. So it's not gonna be easy for Jack for sure. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu glad ex-coach quit and bats away 'dig at her father' before Australian Open  “I think for me he needs to play his game. He's got a big game and he's going to have to execute and play his best level to have a good chance with Rafa. Obviously, Jack's one of the best-unseeded players for me, and I think he's going to trouble him for sure. I think it's gonna be a good match. I'm looking forward to watching it. But he's gonna have to run a lot and he's gonna have to execute but definitely, he has a chance.” Norrie reached the Wimbledon semi-finals last summer and arrived in Melbourne at 11pm on Saturday after losing the final in Auckland to Richard Gasquet. The world No.12 showed rare emotion at his defeat from 4-1 up in the third set in the city where he grew up. DON'T MISS Emma Raducanu gives spicy response to ex-coach and is using Lionel Messi before Aus Open Novak Djokovic makes concerning injury admission ahead of first Australian Open match Novak Djokovic 'sacks coach in front of 15,000 people' during Nick Kyrgios charity clash  “It is a special tournament for me, growing up there as a fan of that tournament and seeing all the players come through there. That was one of the reasons I am playing tennis and wanting to do that after seeing what they were doing and wanting to do that and be one of those players. Yes, I would have liked to have lifted that trophy and that was why I was kinda a bit emotional. I think if it would have been any other 250 around the world, I would have been disappointed but not as much as I was. I put myself in that situation and I think maybe if I played it again, I would win nine times out of ten. But it was that one.But for me it doesn’t change too much. I am still hungry to keep pushing and hopefully I will get that title one day.” Norrie, who faces French teenage wildcard Luca Van Assche in the first round of the Australian Open on Monday, added: “I am feeling really good. I will definitely take my start to the season.” 