Kate, Princess of Wales, is flawless at 40, never failing to impress whether she's on the red carpet or at a royal engagement. Her makeup is always on point, and stays perfect throughout the day. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Grace Fodor from mature makeup brand Studio10 about the Princess' makeup look. Grace stated: "Kate's makeup styles are effortless with radiant glowing skin, barely-there natural looking makeup, and eyes that are beautifully defined in muted browns and signature liner. "Kate Middleton has hit 40 with a natural and elegant makeup look. Her eyes are less instead of more, and gone is the overdone black eyeliner we saw in the early days." According to Grace, Kate's look emulates Studio10's ethos, which is all about redefining beauty for women as they get older. READ MORE: Meghan wore 'big deal' designer dress but she said it was 'too short' She stressed the importance of celebrating the beauty of the age you are without trying to look younger. Grace suggested one way to do this might be to not constantly update your makeup back with the "latest colour trends" but instead opt for timeless, "classic" shades that impress decade after decade. As for what we would find in Kate's makeup bag, Grace guessed the royal would have a few elegant staples. She said: "Kate was once spotted at a Wimbledon match using a natural lip gloss from Clarins. Eagle eyed fans think it may have been the shade Rose Shimmer. "Kate reportedly uses the shades Ivory, Rockstar and Slate from Bobbi Brown’s collection of eyeshadows for her everyday look." She observed that both Kate and Meghan will use a product to help their makeup "stay put" all day - after all they are incredibly busy and often out and about for hours. For those who want to recreate the royal look and look glam from day to night, Grace swears by the Laura Mercier Translucent Loose Setting Powder. The expert suggested a few products women could invest in to achieve Kate's flawless finish. READ MORE: The change Camilla should make or risk looking 'unkempt and aged' "Boots No7 Stay Perfect Foundation 30ml is the perfect foundation for a flawless and dewy finish. "Rimmel London has an amazing Soft Kohl Kajal Eyeliner in sable brown that blends into the lid or below the eye for a soft smudged look. "L'Oréal Paris Ultra Nude Lipstick gives a more natural look, and for neutral eyes we recommend Revolution’s Makeup Obsession Nude Is The New Nude Eyeshadow Palette. "This has complimentary neutral shades that can be built up to recreate the Kate look." She concluded: "Makeup Revolution Ultimate Eye Base Eye Primer is great to prep the eyes before applying eyeshadow and keeping makeup in place." While Kate has experimented with a range of makeup looks during her time in the royal spotlight, the expert revealed that there might be some she steers clear of on purpose. Studio10's Grace claimed: "There are many ‘unspoken’ protocols Kate will have to follow as part of the Royal family. "Some of the secret rules are that they should not wear bold bright lipsticks or nail varnishes. "Generally, it’s about keeping it simple, so light makeup and not going overboard with blush, eye shadow or lipstick." While the Royal Family have no mandatory makeup rules, more subtle makeup seems to be the done thing, with bold nails and lipstick spotted only very occasionally.