The skin ages as we do, and as we get older we might notice our complexions looking a little duller, with more sagging and less structure. Of course, there are treatments and 'tweakments' out there to reverse the ageing process, although these can rack up a huge bill. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Transformational Coach Gillian McMichael about how mature women can look younger for free. There are plenty of clinics out there providing top treatments which promise younger looking skin in no time. However, it's also possible to achieve great anti-ageing results at home - and without the hefty price tag. According to the expert, it's all about cultivating healthy daily habits which have long-term benefits. She said: "No one wants to look old so how can you sustain looking fresh youthful and bright? READ MORE: 66-year-old woman shares youthful transformation but gives warning  "With less sleep, more focus on screens, complexity and anxiety being our norm it's difficult to remain looking fresh and youthful so how can we do this in a modern world?" Gillian's first tip was to set aside between five to 10 minutes per day and use this to meditate. She claimed that you will "start to see the rewards immediately of a fresh and relaxed version of yourself". She explained: "When in meditation your body relaxes. You calm your mind and let go of the stress and the strain that your body, your mind and your emotions have been carrying. "We move our activity inwards by closing the eyes and focusing on the breath." Gillian continued: "Meditation has been proven to release stress and anxiety, to increase the anti-ageing hormones DHEA which will make you look younger and fresher. "It will release any accumulated tensions or toxins that have been building up in your body and mind, and more than anything else it will relax your muscles." DHEA is produced in the body but decreases with age after peaking in early adulthood. READ MORE: 63-year-old woman shares youthful transformation but warns others  According to Mayo Clinic, a small study suggested that taking DHEA supplements might improve skin hydration and firmness, as well as decreasing aging spots in the elderly. A 2000 study by Dr. Étienne-Émile Baulieu et al showed the positive effects of DHEA supplements to be increased sebum production, skin surface hydration, skin pigmentation and epidermal thickness. Gillian's next tip for younger looking skin was to drink enough water. She explained: "We know how important hydration is to our skin to keep us looking youthful. "Nobody wants dry and sallow looking skin so hydrate, make sure that you're drinking or sipping on room temperature water throughout your day - two litres is about the average amount to keep your skin hydrated on a daily basis. "This will bring a glow and the elasticity back to the skin. Hydration will keep you looking bright and healthy." Finally, Gillian told mature women to prioritise their shuteye, as "sleep is critical to looking younger". "Sleep helps your body heal, release toxins and build your immune system. "This means you need to go to bed by 10pm and rise around 6am to see the best results for your skin. "If you want to reduce dark circles and puffy eyes sleep is the key." Gillian McMichael is founder of Full Circle Global and author of Coming Home: A Guide to Being Your True Self.