Bargain Hunt is airing on BBC One and the series features a number of different presenters from various backgrounds. Charles Hanson is married to his wife Rebecca and the couple live in Derbyshire. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about whether the antiques expert has children. The TV personality started his career in 1999 at Christie's as a valuer. He specialised in European Ceramics and Glass Department and went on to work for antique houses in Cheshire and Staffordshire. The expert married Rebecca Ludlam in 2010 and the couple have two children, a son and a daughter. Their daughter Matilda was born in 2014, while their son Frederick was born in 2016. READ MORE: Bargain Hunt star pays tribute to 'lovely and kind' guest Before Matilda was born, the couple lost their newborn son, Tommy. He was stillborn in 2012 and it was a devastating loss for the family. After Frederick was born, Charles said he was optimistic and blessed to now have a son. He told Staffordshire Live at the time: "After losing Tommy, who was born asleep in September 2012, we were overjoyed to have Matilda, who was born in 2014, and who has a calm and relaxed nature, just like my wife." Rebecca, who worked as a radiographer, said: “What happened was terrible and it could not have come at a worse time for us.” The loss of their first baby happened just a few weeks after Charles was diagnosed with testicular cancer. The expert told My London: "Charles said: "I can remember driving to the hospital in tears. "We were so worried, but I suppose we still hoped that the baby would be all right. DON'T MISS... Bargain Hunt expert on selling Lord Nelson letter for thousands Bargain Hunt's Charles Hanson issues warning over rare Chinese vase Bargain Hunt star impressed by 'incredible' The Repair Shop expert "Unfortunately, our worst fears were confirmed and we stayed at the hospital for the next three days. "Rebecca gave birth to our son. We called him Thomas William. "It was the hardest thing in the world to cope with. "But the team at the hospital were very kind to us. I sat and held Tommy for a long time. We said our goodbyes." At the time, Rebecca said their lives had gone "from back to front" and "there's nothing you can do". Charles began chemotherapy soon after the loss and he has continued to fully embrace life. Although the antiques expert is on social media, he tends to keep his family life private. Both of his children will now be of junior school age, with Matilda approaching 10.  Bargain Hunt airs on weekdays on BBC One at 12.15pm