A former bus inspector has traded his hi-vis for Blue Suede Shoes as he hopes to become an Elvis impersonator. David Black, 52, has spent £10,000 of redundancy cash to become the King of Rock and Roll after becoming disaffected with his former role. The five-figure sum has gone towards singing lessons and outfits, helping him fulfil a childhood dream after experiencing the crushing blow of Covid. Mr Black said he left his job as a bus inspector in 2021 after he became miserable due to the pandemic. He took voluntary redundancy and hasn't looked back, using the money he received to invest in his business. His first purchase was a year's worth of singing lessons in 2021, followed by several custom-made outfits. The impersonator now has a wardrobe full of bedazzled, pleather suits worth £1,700 apiece. READ MORE: British aid workers in Ukraine vanish in rescue bid Now he has found his voice, Mr Black is intent on making that money back. He said he "really had to believe" in himself and needed lessons as he "couldn't sing". He added: "When you lay out a lot of money like that you've got to make sure you're going to get it back." The Essex-born singer is learning to drop his accent and adopt his idol's southern warble after periodically dabbling in impersonation since 2018. Inspiration first struck Mr Black on a visit to the US when he watched an impersonator perform in Las Vegas. He had a selection of shows booked before March 2020, but the pandemic thwarted his plans. Music and performing venues closed for more than a year, only opening with restrictions in summer 2021. His experience in the Covid-19 lockdown left him "badly affected" and suffering from mental health issues, but he never lost his passion for performing. He traded the stage for his living room, entertaining people at home and online. Ultimately, he decided to take redundancy after working on buses for 20 years. He said: "I had to believe in myself. When I was a kid I used to go onstage and won talent contests for impersonations. "You never lose that stage presence." Now he has resurrected his singing career, Mr Black said he is "100 percent living my dream". He has pledged to "carry on doing this for however long I'm on this planet". Thankfully, the impersonator has received full support from his family, with his wife Lynn also a fan of the late great American singer. He has taken up a job as a Tesco delivery driver to subsidise his income but has a promising lineup of shows most weeks, allowing him to pursue his true passion.