Prince Harry has claimed his brother William was "plotting revenge" after fighting Harry in Charles' car on the way to a salmon fishing trip in his new memoir Spare. The Prince said when the fights started between the siblings Charles would "abruptly" stop the car to give William flack. Detailing one particular incident that happened on the way to River Spey, he claims the two would "exchange punches". Harry said the fights between the pair would break out in situations where there were "no other children around", which was usually during journeys in Charles' car. As seen by the Express.co.uk in the leaked Spanish translation of Spare, he wrote: "Most of the time it happened in the back seat of the car, while our father drove us somewhere. To a cottage. Or salmon fishing. Once in Scotland, on the way to the River Spey, we began to fight, and soon a pitched battle broke out, as we rolled back and forth, exchanging punches. "My father stopped abruptly at the side of the road and shouted at Willy to get out of the car." READ MORE: William devastated by 'utter distortion of reality' After the fights, William, who Harry calls "Willy" in the book, would allegedly turn to William with jealous rage as the Prince of Wales felt like Harry was the one to always get away with trouble. The Duke of Sussex said that William would be seperated into a different car with the security guards. Harry added: "From time to time, I turned to look out of the rear window.Behind us, I caught a glimpse of the future King of England, plotting his revenge." The two would also regularly play-fight in nearby forrests. But the gentle encounters would turn to vicious fighting. They also used to make home-made rocket launchers and hunt for squirrels and pigeons to shoot with air pistols in the forest, Harry claims in the book. In the book, Harry describes his surprise neither of them "lost an eye" as a result of their antics. It comes after Harry claimed William would regularly "see red", during an interview with ITV's Tom Bradby. He claimed a "red mist" would descend over the now Prince of Wales as the pair fought over Harry and Meghan's marriage. The Duke of Sussex also claimed his brother Prince William "wanted to hit him back" during a specific altercation in Nottingham Cottage in 2019. The brothers' recent fighting has taken a toll on their father, King Charles. According to Harry's memoir, King Charles asked his son's not to fight because of the despair they were causing him. In the Sussexes' recent Netflix docuseries, Harry also claimed William "screamed" at him during the Sandringham Summit in January 2020 where the two were joined by the late Queen and the then Prince Charles to discuss Charles and Meghan's future working arrangements. Commentator's have criticised Harry's recent revelations for being excessively one-sided. Queen Elizabeth II warned that "recollections may vary" in a statement talking about racism in the Royal Family. Buckingham Palace has refused to comment on the claims made by Harry in his memoir. Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @Daily_Express       