Fears are growing in north London that Antonio Conte could walk away from Tottenham following a shaky start to the season mixed with a sense of unaligned strategies. The Italian’s brand of football is doing him no favours in convincing fans of his worth either, despite his credentials, prompting conversations about potential replacements. Conte demanded a major overhaul during the summer transfer window and was rewarded with several signings of his own, along with some decided on by the higher powers at the club – such as Djed Spence. Spurs made a solid start to the season but their performances have lacked conviction, grinding out results late on after pressure mounted. With Conte’s contract expiring at the end of the season, speculation is rife as to whether the ex-Chelsea boss will pen a new deal or cut his losses and let the club rebuild under a different manager – with Mauricio Pochettino itching to return to the Tottenham dugout. The former boss has made it no secret that a return to Spurs would be a welcome opportunity and whilst he remains without a club, there is a live chance that he could make a return. Speaking to talkSPORT in November 2022, Pochettino said: “I miss the Premier League. Why not (return to manage in England)? We are open. I love England, I love living in London and Barcelona. And of course, if that possibility (to return) appears for sure we will consider taking it." Pochettino was sacked by Daniel Levy in late 2019 after a poor run of results, despite leading his side to the Champions League final in the season prior, ultimately losing to Liverpool. Just a year after his departure, the Argentine admitted that he was manifesting a return to the club to have a crack at winning a trophy. He told BT Sport: “Deep in my chest, my soul, my heart - I am sure that we will cross [paths] again. From the day that I left the club, my dream is to be back and to try to finish the work that we didn't finish. We were so close to winning the right trophies, the Premier League and the Champions League. “Maybe in five years, maybe in 10 years, and now I'm going to conspire with the universe and to throw out the idea that before I die, I want to manage Tottenham again and try if possible to win one title.” He also told Rio Ferdinand last year that he felt Tottenham was still ‘his club’ despite being at the helm of high-flying Paris Saint-Germain at the time, further proving that a return would be welcomed. “I still feel that it's my club, my place,” he said. “I think when you really feel with the commitment and when you feel the people give everything to try to be successful, and they treat you really, really good how they treat us, it's impossible to forget that. That is why I think Tottenham is always going to be a special club for me."