Drinking and drugs, a physical fight with his brother and a step mum on a quest to change her "villain" image, Prince Harry continues to speak out about life growing up as a royal, and his grievances with family members, the royal institution and British press. Here are the key differences and similiarites between the Duke's bombshell interviews with ITV's Tom Brady and CBS' Anderson Cooper on '60 Minutes'. The main point of difference between the interviews was Harry's treatment of his stepmother, Queen Consort Camilla, in the Anderson interview. Harry explained in his book that he and William asked Charles not to marry Camilla. When questioned about it, he told Anderson Cooper: "We didn’t think it was necessary. We thought that it was gonna cause more harm than good.” He also said that her need to rehabilitate her image from a “villain” in the British press made her “dangerous” because of the connections that she was making with the tabloids.  This contrasted with the ITV interview, where Harry suggested the family are determined to keep him and his wife Meghan as "villains". He said: "They feel as though it's better to keep us somehow as the villains." Apart from this key difference, the two interviews largely overlapped. These were the key revelations to come out of both: Harry, 38, spoke with Anderson Cooper about his mother, Princess Diana's, untimely death in 1997 and his and his older brother's reaction to it as young boys. He told Mr Cooper: "For a long time, I just refused to accept that she was gone. She would never do this to us, but also part of, maybe this is all part of a plan. Then that she would call us and that we would go and join her, yeah.” William had "similar thoughts", he said and asked to see "proof" of the police report from the day she died, during the infamous and tragic car crash in Paris, France. “Proof that she was in the car. Proof that she was injured. And proof that the very paparazzi that chased her into the tunnel were the ones that were taking photographs —photographs of her lying half dead on the back seat of the car", he said. READ MORE: Charles was never meant for fatherhood ‘but he tried' Using an audio clip from his new book, Harry explained the moment his father told him of the tragic news of his mother's death when he was just 12 years old. He said Charles came into his Balmoral bedroom, in a dressing gown, and sat on the edge of his bed and told him "Darling boy, mummy’s been in a car crash". Harry told ITV journalist Tom Bradby: "You know, my father coming in, in his dressing gown and sharing that news with me, only now as part of writing the book, that I really think about how many hours he’d been awake. And the compassion that I have for him, as a parent having to sit with that for many, many hours, ringing up friends of his, trying to work out, how the hell do I break this to my two sons? "And I never want to be in that position, part of the reason why we are here now, I never ever want to be in that position. I don’t want history to repeat itself. I do not want to be a single dad. And I certainly don’t want my children to have a life without a mother or a father." Referring to his and wife Meghan Markle's 2021 Oprah Winfrey interview, in which they touched on the Firm's "concerns" around their son's skin colour, Mr Bradby said Harry "members of your family of racism". Harry rejected that conclusion, instead accusing "the British press" of promoting the narrative and added he wouldn't describe the incident as racist but as an "unconscious bias" within the family. During his 60 Minutes interview, Harry told Mr Cooper that he put out a statement in 2016 condemning what he saw as the racist way the press treated Meghan Markle. He said his dad and brother were not happy about the statement. He said: "I went into this incredibly naïve. I had no idea the British press were so bigoted. Hell, I was probably bigoted before the relationship with Meghan.”   He told ITV's Tom Bradby: "I would like to get my father back. I would like to get my brother back." “I want reconciliation. But first, there needs to be some accountability", he added. When asked, during his 60 Minutes interview, if there is any relationship between Prince Harry and his brother, he admitted, "Uh, currently, no. But I look forward to – I look forward to us being able to find peace. I want … " Harry also said it's been "a while" since they've spoken. 