Aries A friend or colleague will be grateful for your understanding when you sense their nervousness about being left alone with something they haven’t fully mastered. If they need help, you don’t mind lending your support. A romantic meal or evening out is a partner’s way of showing you how much you mean to them. Taurus Expect a tough and demanding few hours if you are trying to digest facts, figures and other details and this is necessary before you can move on to the next stage. There may be some points you will need to discuss with another professional or a senior colleague. Gemini Finances continue to be on the limiting side. You have set your cap on something which is out of your reach and finally you will accept this. This does not mean you should give up on this dream. Just accept it might be possible another time. Cancer Taking on a job that brings out the creative side of your nature will provide you with increased confidence in your talents. An emotional relationship will intensify as deep feelings are shared. Are you single? A new romance is a possibility. Don’t spoil your chances by sticking too rigidly to beliefs, expectations or habits. Leo A promotion or the chance of a plum assignment that has been in the offing for some time will be offered today. You will be the one who is in the right place at the right time to be able to step up to a new and more responsible position. Virgo It will be hard not to get the wrong idea about a suggestion or offer someone makes to you. This could be read in two ways but when you discuss this further it will be very apparent that nothing underhand or deceitful is going on.   Libra If you have been spending without thinking, now comes the time to gather together all your bills and tot up the damage. Once you have worked out a sensible budget, taking into account regular expenditures, your finances will be more manageable. A relative you don’t see very often is planning to visit. Scorpio An overcharge of mental and physical energy needs an outlet. You might find this through playing your favourite sport or starting a new exercise regime. If you don’t find a means to channel all this extra energy, don’t be surprised if you feel as if your nerves are on edge. Sagittarius An argument could erupt during a tea break and you could be surprised by the strong views a colleague holds on an issue you hadn’t expected them to have any interest in. Once they have said their piece, you are likely to have a few words of your own that are itching to be said.    Capricorn Finances are in for some improvements. In order to see the full benefit it may be necessary for you to have to cut down on personal expenditures for a while. You will accept that such measures will be worth it for this could remove something that has been a serious worry for some time. Aquarius People who have seemed aloof and difficult with you recently will now be more friendly and cooperative. A relative who advised you wrongly in the past will admit to their mistake and apologise. Since you prefer relationships to be harmonious their apology will be swiftly accepted. Pisces After breaking some difficult news to a neighbour or workmate you will be aware that they will need some support. Your sensitive and caring nature will work to your advantage when everyone will agree that you are the best person to give it. 