Patsy Palmer and Matt Evers joined Alex Jones and Roman Kemp on Friday’s The One Show as the Dancing On Ice contestants discussed the brand new series. However, as the professional skater praised the EastEnders star, BBC viewers couldn’t keep their eyes off of Patsy’s youthful appearance. As Patsy opened up on her decision to sign up to the competition, Alex asked: “You were saying that turning 50 was the big motivator?” “Yes for everything,” she replied. “I think it was such a shock.” “I can’t believe you’re 50,” Alex interrupted as Patsy agreed: “I can’t believe it either. “I woke up and said, ‘This isn’t real. Can someone tell me I’m not 50?’ It was odd.” Read more: EastEnders fans 'work out' the new owner of The Queen Vic “It’s just a weird age to turn when you feel 25,” she continued. Alex asked: “So you decided you’re going to do Dancing On Ice because they’ve been asking for a while?” “I wasn’t thinking, ‘Oh I’m 50 I want to do Dancing On Ice’. They asked me to do it and everything I do now has to have some sort of sparkle or fun to it.” Matt revealed: “We’ve been asking her since the series reboot which was five series ago so we finally got her!” Distracting by Patsy’s appearance, The One Show viewers took to Twitter to praise the EastEnders star. Elizabeth Scott tweeted: “Can't believe @patsypalmerx is 50? She looks so young. Natural beauty." “#theoneshow. Patsy Palmer is 50....looks more like 25,” Tony Bronze remarked. Samantha Malin questioned: ”How is Patsy Palmer 50? I am only 32 so she can't possibly be that old." DON'T MISSEastEnders' Sonia Fowler reaches out for help as former flame returns [SPOILER]EastEnders proposal and exit as Lily Slater's pregnancy rocks Walford [INSIGHT]Dancing On Ice backlash as Ekin-Su's performance hit with complaints [VIDEO] “Cannot believe you’re 50 Patsy!!! Stunning beautiful you look 25 !!! Good for you,” Anthony Freaney added. “Patsy is looking great,” Janice Ferguson commented. The EastEnders star was also quizzed on whether she would return to the BBC soap. Her on-screen ex-husband Ricky Butcher (Sid Owen) recently returned following the arrival of his first wife Sam Mitchell (Kim Medcalf). Alex asked: “So Ricky and Sam are back on the square. Any chance Bianca?” Keeping her cards close to her chest, she replied: “We have a job to do currently on Sunday…so.” The actress shrugged her shoulders as Roman and Alex moved on with the interview. The One Show airs on BBC One on weekdays at 7pm.