Experts at NetVoucherCodes.co.uk shared the eight most romantic and low-cost places across the UK to visit on Valentine’s Day, including The Cotswolds and the Isle of Skye, in Scotland. Online consumer expert at NetVoucherCodes.co.uk, Rebecca Bebbington, explained: “Many couples love to go all out on Valentine’s Day and splash the cash on roses and presents. “But this year may be slightly different, as many won’t be able to afford the same luxuries as living costs continue to rise. “To help those wanting to celebrate for less, we’ve found eight of the most romantic destinations across the UK for couples to visit with their partners. “Some of these locations include Bourton-on-the-water, for couples to stroll in the beautiful village, to the iconic Notting Hill to make it feel like you’re in the middle of a romantic film.” According to the expert, the most romantic place in the UK is Notting Hill, in London, and it's completely free to visit. READ MORE: Flybe airline collapses into administration as ALL flights cancelled  Couples can enjoy a day walking around the charming neighbourhood of Notting Hill, in south west London, where the colourful strip of pastel houses make it the perfect and most romantic location for a date. Britons will find affordable and very quirky coffee shops and restaurants around the area as well as the famous market and antique shops. On Tripadvisor, visitor Marta D said that Notting Hill is "a super pretty area" with "colourful and beautiful houses". Visitor @anz101 added: "This is a delightful London neighbourhood, which is close to the West End but still relatively quiet, so you get the best of both worlds. Plenty of good places to eat and drink."  The second most romantic location in the UK is the popular seaside spot of Tintagel Castle, in Cornwall. With stunning views of the coastline, the land around the castle is free to visit and is a lovely place to enjoy a picnic or a takeaway coffee with your other half. The Cotswolds has many hidden gems to visit on Valentine’s Day but Bourton-on-the-Water, specifically, has been named the third most romantic spot in the country. Couples can walk around the River Windrush which flows through the village along with its five-stone bridges, often referred to as the British Venice, which is idyllic for a scenic stroll. READ MORE: Pilot urges elderly passengers to avoid window seat as higher risk In Wales, the Gower Peninsula is a destination with Outstanding Natural Beauty and it is completely free. Its beaches, woodlands and beautiful landscape are perfect for adventurous couples this Valentine's Day. Bakewell, in the Peak District, is famously known for its charming market and independent shops. Visiting the hidden gem is free, and trying a Bakewell tart in one of the original pudding shops in the heart of the village will be a lovely and affordable treat. York is a must-see in the UK but especially for couples as its castle, unique streets and cute pubs and restaurants make it the most romantic and fun location for a date. In Gloucestershire, Snowshill is one of the country's most peaceful spots to visit for its stunning countryside views. A romantic stroll around the area, enjoying the fresh air and perhaps a glimpse of February snow, is the perfect option for couples. The Isle of Skye is another romantic spot and couples in Scotland could enjoy its unique picturesque beauty. The Fairy Pools is one of the most famous sites and visiting the stunning location on February 14 with your loved one will be an unforgettable experience.