Eric Christian Olsen, LL Cool J, Daniela Ruah, Chris O’Donnell and the rest of the NCIS Los Angeles cast have now learned that this current season of the CBS drama will be the last. In a devastating blow to fans, bosses have decided now is the time to give the cast and characters the send-off they deserve, with a finale date penned in for May 14. And since the news broke, a number of the show’s cast have candidly shared their reactions. Devin Roundtree star Caleb Castille was one of the first NCIS LA stars to take to social media after the announcement. He penned on Twitter: “Incredibly sad about the news that @NCISLA won’t be coming back to give you guys another season but man what an amazing accomplishment…14 seasons!  His colleague and co-star LL Cool J also reflected positively on his time on the show. READ MORE: NCIS Los Angeles fans divided as Kilbride’s ex-wife joins series He penned: “This NCIS Crossover was a huge success! After 14 seasons, it’s the perfect time to end @NCISLA on top! “I look forward to continuing my partnership with @CBSTVStudios. They invested in our series B round and became a strategic partner with @RockTheBells—more exciting things ahead!” Elsewhere, Kensi Blye’s Daniela Ruah shared a series of snaps from seasons gone by on her Instagram. She captioned the collage: “From season 1 to season 14, from 24 yrs old to 39, it has been an absolute dream. “So many feelings to process and too many words to say. I will save them for a later date… I’m so so grateful to have been a part of this NCISLA family. “The show lasted this long because of all of you,” Ruah added before signing off with a love heart emoji. Ruah’s on-screen husband Eric Christian Olsen who plays Marty Deeks kept his farewell message rather short and subdued. “What a spectacular journey we all shared,” Olsen wrote to his millions of Instagram followers. (sic) DON'T MISS:NCIS boss shares Tony DiNozzo Sr update amid Weatherly return rumoursNCIS Hawaii fans ‘sobbing’ as series pays tribute to Yakira ChambersNCIS Los Angeles fans outraged as key cast members ‘missing’ The series is currently on somewhat of a hiatus at the moment, with season 14 not expected to return to CBS until February. But with the news breaking, fans will undoubtedly want to know answers as to why the series has been cancelled. Executive producer and showrunner R Scott Gemmill did his best to explain in a statement which read: “I want to thank both the network and studio for their partnership and support over the years; Shane Brennan for giving us such a great playground; and my partners John P Kousakis, Frank Military, Kyle Harimoto and Andrew Bartels for their tireless efforts and collaboration episode after episode. “Our crew has grown to be a true family, and their hard work and dedication has been fundamental to our success year after year. “My deepest gratitude to the cast members, who have brought our characters to life with their impassioned performances – thank you for your talent, professionalism and continuous enthusiasm. “And to our loyal viewers who loved our characters and followed their journeys, thank you. “We look forward to delivering an end to the series that is both satisfying and does justice to these beloved characters.” NCIS Los Angeles season 14 returns to CBS in the USA in February. Season 14 continues Sundays on Sky Max and NOW in the UK.