Manchester United are back. At least, for the time being. Jack Grealish looked to have won the derby for Manchester City on Saturday afternoon, only for late goals from Bruno Fernandes and Marcus Rashford to give them all three points - and bragging rights - instead. Manchester United had gone into their showdown with Manchester City on a run of 11 wins from their last 12 games. And they picked up all three points against City, moving to within a point of their fierce rivals in the table as a result. Grealish put City ahead in the 60th minute, with the former Aston Villa star powering home a header. Fernandes then drew United level in the 78th minute, placing the ball past Ederson. And Rashford then produced the winner in the closing stages, tapping home from close range after some good work from Alejandro Garnacho. It was a huge day for Erik ten Hag - and Express Sport will now take a look at four decisions he got right during the game. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big United sprang a surprise before the game by starting Fred in midfield. And the Brazil international was good throughout the showdown, with the Samba star managing to help keep things ticking over. Fred’s tenacity was needed to stifle a City midfield that, usually, run the show. There have been question marks over the Brazilian over whether he’s good enough to be at United ever since his arrival back in 2018. But Fred has his uses and demonstrated that during the showdown at Old Trafford today. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Rashford started the game on the left wing, with the England international bright during the early stages of the game. However, with City going ahead, he was beginning to look isolated. Yet United made a couple of substitutes and that allowed Rashford to move centrally, where he could impact proceedings more. The 25-year-old, who now has seven goals from his last seven outings, then showed it was the right call by prodding home the winner. He certainly relished it, with the United star joining in the jubilant celebrations that followed the game. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here At the start of the season, Alejandro Garnacho wasn’t featuring for United. The Argentine had angered Ten Hag by turning up late to team meetings on their pre-season tour of Australia and Thailand. But Garnacho is very much in his manager’s plans and, after coming on, changed the game. The 18-year-old, who performs like a player far older, provided the assist for Rashford’s dramatic late winner. And he’ll now be hopeful of starting when the Red Devils lock horns with Crystal Palace on Wednesday night. Eyebrows were raised before kick off when United started Luke Shaw at centre-back. But the England international didn’t put a foot wrong during the game and managed to nullify the threat of Erling Haaland. Given the Norway international’s goalscoring exploits, that’s no easy task. Yet Shaw showed his impressive versatility and impressed during the game, even in an unorthodox position. Whether he plays there going forward, with Tyrell Malacia impressive at left-back, remains to be seen.