Joe Biden made yet another blunder yesterday after he appeared to forget the name of Martin Luther King III's wife while singing 'Happy Birthday'. Arndrea Waters King, who married the former President of the South Christian Leadership Conference in 2006, turned 49 yesterday as he birthday fell on the same day as Martin Luther King day. The POTUS looked to congratulate Ms Waters King on reaching the milestone. Biden said: "Well look, my wife has a rule in our family – When it's somebody's birthday you sing Happy Birthday, you ready? "Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear *mumbles*, happy birthday to you." It sounded as though the 80-year-old started to say the name Valerie instead of Arndrea. Biden's chorus was received well by the crowd as they continued to sing along with the Commander-in-Chief. JUST IN: Timeline of Joe Biden classified documents and 'important' difference to Donald Trump probe  The 46th President attended Al Shartpon's National Action Network event to mark Martin Luther King day on January 16. Biden travelled down to Atlanta in Georgia on Sunday as he became the first-ever sitting President to deliver sermon remarks at the Ebenezer Baptist Church. Reverend Martin Luther King Junior led the church from 1960 until his assassination in 1968. Democratic Senator Raphael Warnock, who defeated ex-NFL star Herschel Walker last December in the Peach State's run-off poll, has also headed up the congregation. READ MORE: Biden's aides 'discover second batch of classified Obama-era documents  However, this is not the first time Biden has appeared to forget someone' name. He forgot Republican Representative Marjorie Taylor Greene's name last summer after the White House mocked her for complaining about student debt relief while having a $183,504 (£150,354) Paycheck Protection Program loan forgiven. Biden also referred to ex-Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison as "that fella Down Under" during a joint press conference to welcome the AUKUS defence deal. Despite making yet another gaffe, the President used his keynote speech to take aim at the Grand Old Party as he touted a reduction in the federal deficit of $1trillion (£82billion).  DON'T MISSOne dead and four injured after shooting outside club [REPORT]Man found alive after two days 'at bottom of sea'[INSIGHT]Idaho murder suspect's social media posts show lack of empathy [LATEST]  Biden said: "There's going to be hundreds of billions reduced over the next decade." He added: "But so what, these guys [the GOP] – well, they're fiscally demented, I think." Biden is under pressure from many Republicans after classified documents were found at a former think tank in Washington and his home in Delaware. Nebraska Congressman Don Bacon told ABC: "If you live in a glass house, don't throw stones." Kentucky's James Comer, who is heading up the House Oversight Committee, added: "While he was doing this [accusing Trump], he knew very well that he himself had possession of classified documents so the hypocrisy here is great."  Biden previously suggested he thought his predecessor Donald Trump had been "irresponsible" when a batch of classified documents were found at the 45th POTUS' home in Mar-a-Lago last year. Both Biden and Trump are now being investigated by a special counsel. Former aide to ex-Vice President Mike Pence even suggested the news was deliberately withheld to avoid the run-up to last November's midterm election campaign. The Democrats performed above expectations as they retained the Senate and narrowly lost the House to the Republicans.