“Let it go. Let it go. Can’t hold it back anymore,” writes Anneka, spiritedly channelling her inner Elsa from Frozen. It’s typical of her to go for bracing humour and understatement when her heart is breaking. Before you say it, I’m well aware she’s one of the lucky ones in having a valuable “des-res” to sell, but this life milestone is all about memories and emotions, not money. Anyone who has cleared and vacated a family home, however humble, will identify with the maelstrom of sadness this unleashes.  Houses are the shield and sanctuary of our souls. “I remember, I remember the house where I was born”, wrote poet Thomas Hood, igniting in every reader an overwhelming wave of nostalgia for our childhood homes. Family residences come to resemble the people they enfold. They fill up with children’s drawings, pets, mismatched furniture, marks on the wall recording growth, socks, lockless keys, fading photographs and disintegrating love letters. Our sense of stability depends on the iron mark on the kitchen table and that imperfectly perfect wonky chandelier. Continuity is cosy and nurturing. The lumpy cushions on the ancient sofa are comfortably comforting. Plump new upholstery on a pristine settee somewhere new can never offer the same calming quality. At nearly 61, I’ve reached the age when many chums are making Anneka’s odyssey. Charity shops are inundated with objects originally precious, then too prized to give away, and then finally jettisoned. Skips are filled to the brim and filled again. No matter how sensible the move, how much of a relief it will be not to have to heat the place or tend its garden, one can’t shake off that awful “end of an era” feeling and the looming dread of life never being the same again. Others cling on to the homestead fiercely. They turn empty bedrooms into studies, dens and dressing rooms, insisting the only way they’ll be carried out is feet first in a coffin. But I wonder as they huddle in their kitchens with the wind whistling through vacant spaces if they might be even sadder than Anneka and her mobile ilk.  I can't help loving the fact that when Love Island winner Ekin-Su Culculoglu heard she’d be in the Dancing On Ice skate-off her face clearly registered shock, annoyance and disappointment. She hasn’t yet mastered the requisite TV etiquette, which requires you to be graceful in potential defeat even when you know it’s hideously unfair and that you are being robbed. On countless occasions, with a camera in my face, I have struggled to plaster on a magnanimous smile when pipped to the post for an award. I try to look thrilled for the winner and clap manically to signal pure joy. Obviously, I’m fuming on the inside, but I’ve been taught it really isn’t done to show it. Good for Ekin-Su for managing to show a bit of authentic dudgeon.  Hats off to Dame Judi Dench for admitting she bunked off school to avoid the loathsome Yorkshire pudding followed by treacle. If I’d dared, I’d have dodged school on Arctic roll days, creamed chicken gunk days, stringy watery bean days and tinned prunes days too. I’ll never forget the terrifying lunch duty teacher bearing down upon me and insisting I swallow every repellent morsel, tears and gagging notwithstanding. Lord knows what damage this combination of greasy grub and stentorian discipline had on our appetites and psyches. Still, there was one benefit. Little did we know school was a bespoke training ground for a stint on I’m A Celebrity... The Royal Mail has finally managed to do something right. It is commemorating Dame Shirley Bassey’s seven decades in show business by making her the first female performer to be celebrated with her own stamps. Quite apart from hoping they’ll be first-class, edged in gold leaf and studded with rhinestones, I can’t think of a human more suited to sultry smouldering on a stamp than Shirley, below. Many will even lament the fact that the modern self-sticking stamps mean that they won’t have a chance to give the great woman a reverential lick. Come on RM. Get your act together. Let Cilla, Dusty and Sandie Shaw adorn a stamp each and hurry up about it.   Will there be a royal rapprochement? Can the King and his second son ever reconcile, even superficially and for the sake of appearances? We all know the answer. Anything can be achieved when there is trust and loyalty. Once that trust is shattered the relationship fragments. Shards splinter in all directions. The parties involved no longer share a single goal. Different factions with opposing interests must be factored in. Knowing that nothing is sacred, privacy is nonexistent – and every sigh, grimace and shrug can be served up as future content for a new book, documentary or sweatshirt collection – cannot help. So will they show up? The King will surely want his boy in attendance. And Harry and Meghan will want to burnish their regal credentials. I’d say there’s a strong chance but it’ll be nothing to do with reconciliation. I'm writing this on Monday, January 15, popularly known as Blue Monday. Does labelling this misery-fest improve matters? Is the idea that we all awake feeling a melange of despair and fear, realise the day has a title, and somehow chirp up because we’re all in this together? Does Blue Monday give us licence for guilt-free whingeing? I’m not sure a national pity party is good for us – but I know this. I am sniffing a fragrant bowl of pink hyacinths, focusing on a tiny patch of blue in the sky, and doing my best to count my blessings and noting my refusal to get down in the dumps. 