Princess Diana’s brother Charles Spencer stunned royal fans today with a rare photograph of himself for a new history project. Mr Spencer, a passionate historian, shared a smiling snap of himself alongside the Rev Richard Coles as he prepares for the release of a new podcast. Fans praised Mr Spencer for his height. In the caption of his Instagram post, he said: "With @revrichardcoles and @catjarman - and, to the left, Simon Clancy, our gifted producer- after we recorded the seventh episode of our podcast, which will debut in February. "Never has 'work' been such fun. Here’s hoping the podcast-listening world will enjoy it, too…" One of his followers, named Hilda Evelyn Hill, praised Mr Spencer – the uncle of Prince Harry and Prince William – for his genetics which contribute to making him look "tall and stately". She said: "Charles, Earl Spencer, you are tall and stately, Diana was tall and elegant. The genes are wonderful how they slip down the family line!" READ MORE: King Charles' grasp on Commonwealth in peril as major country threatens exit Another made a similar observation about his height: "Gosh, you are tall!" they reacted. The historian, who lives at Althorp House in Northamptonshire, has recently been sharing a series of antique photographs and pictures depicting his family history. Mr Spencer shared on Twitter a rare image of his and Diana’s grandfather Albert, who people said had a strong resemblance to Prince William. Albert is shown next to Mr Spencer’s great-aunt Lavinia and great-uncle Cecil at a fancy dress party in 1902.   He also shared a photograph of his father John Spencer riding his pony called Bluebell in the park at Althorp in 1934. John appears in the picture as a young boy, smartly dressed in a suit and hat and looking towards the artist who sketched the piece. Behind John is a historical property known as The Falconry, built in 1613 primarily for one week’s entertainment for visitors.     One user comedically tweeted: "Who’d have thought ‘party like it’s 1613’ would be an aspirational phrase?" Another wrote: "What a beautiful sketch, thank you for sharing. Clearly, as a young boy your father was a very competent rider." Mr Spencer inherited Althorp estate aged 27 as the eldest male in the Spencer family after the death of his father. The ancestral home where Princess Diana and her brother grew up boasts 90 rooms and over 550 acres. Following her death, Diana was buried on an island in the centre of the Round Oval Lake on the grounds of Althorp.   