Bare roots are much cheaper than buying established plants and can only be planted in winter, so require much less maintenance throughout the year. While planting blooms like salvias is as simple as positioning them in the soil, roses require a little more preparation to grow successfully. A gardening expert has shared the crucial steps gardeners should always take to bring the plant "back to life".  January is an ideal time to plant bare-root roses as the plant is still dormant, allowing essential nutrients and water to focus on growth rather than maintaining leaves and flowers. Planting them this way requires little in the way of ongoing care, though preparation is key to securing a healthy display of bright roses in the warmer months. According to self-proclaimed "Mr Plant Geek", Michael Perry, rehydrating the roots before planting them is one of the most important steps to take if you're planning on growing them this January. The plant expert explained that while roses and magnolias will "establish really easily in winter", you should soak them in water beforehand to reverse their dry texture. READ MORE: Monty Don shares key 'principle' pruning fruit trees in winter He said: "It's a good idea to soak those roots in water for a few hours to make sure they are nice and moist." The Plant Geek added that this applies to all bare-root shrubs that are prone to drying between being purchased and planted. Joan Goff, Master Rosarian at the Marin Rose Society added that this should be done immediately after bringing your new bare-root rose home. Between one and six hours is the "minimum" time frame to do this, though it can be done for up to six days. She added: "This is to rehydrate your rose and to help it come back to life in your garden. A five-gallon bucket works well for just a few roses, while a garbage can is a handy container if planting several roses." When it comes to planting the roots, it is just as important to choose the right spot in your garden to give your roses the best chance. DON'T MISS:Gardening expert warns against ‘detrimental’ winter rose care tip [INSIGHT]3 steps to prune your shrub roses [EXPERT]5 plants that ‘shouldn’t’ be pruned in winter to avoid ‘damage’ [LATEST]  Most roses need five to six hours of sunlight per day in the warmer months, so an open space with little shade is preferable. Start by preparing a planting hole at least two feet deep and two feet wide for each bare root. The Marin Rose Society expert noted that this is the time you can help your rose by digging a bigger hole. Add rich compost full of superphosphate, bone or blood meal - all of which are great at the bottom of the hole. Mix well before adding the rose plant. The rosarian said: "You should add new soil if you are planting a new rose in an old rose hole. Roses are picky and don’t like to be in old rose soil. Just remove existing soil and dump it somewhere else in your garden." READ MORE: Use ‘diluted coffee’ to water houseplants for a healthier plant Once the root is in position, backfill the mould slightly to form a cone shape. Spread the rose roots over the cone as evenly as possible to secure the plant. You may have to prune back some of the roots as sometimes the roots can be very long though you should try to leave the roots as long as your hole is deep. The Marin Rose Society expert noted that they are "always careful to not touch any roots with bare hands", adding: "Roots can be sensitive to the oils in our skin. This applies to all plants with roots. So, keep your garden gloves on when handling roots." Continue to add soil to the hole and water the well. Pressing gently on the planting site while doing this can help to reduce air holes. According to Joan, the "most important rule for planting new roses" is to keep them hydrated with water until they are established. This may be four weeks or longer depending on the weather. In most cases, bare roots will start to grow and produce blooms in spring when the ground becomes workable, though they will take a few months to reach their full flowering period. Most roses should bloom the first year with the exception of some old garden roses, ramblers, and climbers that bloom on year-old wood. You can plant bare-root roses from late winter to early spring, between November and late February or early March. While this can be done in cold weather, they should never be planted when the ground is frozen or waterlogged.