In a new episode on Sunday, Call the Midwife will explore Nurse Nancy Corrigan's (played by Megan Cusack) spending addiction getting out of control. Sister Veronica (Rebecca Gethings) and Nurse Crane (Linda Bassett) work through the kinks in their working relationship after Veronica's arrival. The nurses and nuns of Nonnatus House all have their quirks about them, with Georgie Glen admitting she takes that into her personal life as well after an on-set incident. Over the years, the team have worn some interesting costumes, with Nancy and Trixie Franklin (Helen George) getting to wear the more fancy items. However, Georgie Glen recently opened up about the special place Miss Higgins' hat has in her heart and admitted she became a "diva" when it went missing one day. She explained to Express.co.uk and other press: "Costumes do matter, it may be more for my character but my hat got lost at the beginning of this series. "Because everything is packed up it was momentarily mislaid and I was astonished at myself at what a diva I became. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert issues warning to guest over WWI albums "It suddenly really mattered to me and everyone was wonderful and providing all these hats that were so similar but it wasn't Miss Higgins' hat. "That really mattered actually, I hope it mattered for the character and not me the actor but it did." Megan made Georgie feel better by adding her own experience: "My boots went missing as well and I found it quite heartbreaking, I completely get what you mean." Laura Main, who plays Shelagh Turner, also expressed: "It's when I get told, 'Oh would you like your comfortable uggs to wear in this scene', and I'm like no I want my shoes. "And the glasses, I get really, a little bit nervous when they aren't on my face. I have to admit, I still get a thrill from wearing the nurse's uniform. "I love it, I do I love it but because it was because I was a nun. We do get to dress up, there is a fair bit of celebration." In the latest episode, fans were heartbroken as Lucille Robinson (Leonie Elliot) made her exit from the series after suffering a nervous breakdown. Lucille had been struggling after the Enoch Powell Rivers of Blood speech, alongside missing her home in Jamaica and being unable to conceive. DON'T MISS...James Martin hugs Brian Turner as he makes 'stammer' confession  [INSIGHT]BBC News' Joanna Gosling speaks out after quitting ahead of merger [WATCH]Jack Deam has stepped down from Father Brown as Inspector Mallory [LATEST] After a lengthy discussion with Dr Turner (Stephen McGann), he suggested she take some time off, with her husband Cyril Robinson (Zephryn Taitte) buying her a plane ticket to Jamaica. As she looked at her life in Poplar, she told Cyril: "I don't want to. I want to go but I also don't want to leave," before he surprised her with the motorcycle he borrowed for their first date. Since her departure from the series, Leonie has spoken out on her exit and wrote on her Twitter page: "This season was incredibly difficult to film. "Thank you for all your kind words. It's my hope for people watching that if they can see the good in her, maybe they can extend that to people in real life. "I care about her deeply. Many share her story of miscarriage and depression, and many share her experience of abuse, racial or otherwise. "Many of us face mental health challenges, I hope we can continue to love one another, support and listen to each other. Look after yourselves and each other." (sic) It has not been revealed how long she will be absent from the show, or whether this marks her character's exit for the foreseeable future. Call the Midwife airs Sunday from 8pm on BBC One.