The Masked Singer returned to ITV with the second group battle as the six remaining contestants went head to head. Having been split into three pairs, Rhino was up against Piece of Cake and the latter was unmasked as icon Lulu. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who Rhino could be. One of the biggest 'giveaways' viewers noticed was Rhino's stunning singing voice, which they recognised straight away. As the character belted out a chilling rendition of Chasing Cars by Snow Patrol, viewers flocked to Twitter as they picked up on the familiar voice. Rhino sounded very similar to former X-Factor winner, James Arthur. @SarahxMxDee said: "Rhino has to be @JamesArthur23, doesn't it? #TheMaskedSinger #JamesArthur." @_geobaker pointed out: "Rhino sounded like James Arthur #TheMaskedSinger" READ MORE: The Masked Singer’s Rubbish has identity ‘exposed’ as Marvin Humes After Rhino's performance, it was time for the panel to listen to the 'Riddle Me This' clue. Rhino said: "I'm chief of this town, and happy-go-lucky. But one of you guys might think I'm quite muggy." One viewer pointed out how this could refer to his previous brief relationship with panellist Rita Ora. The former X-Factor winner dated the pop star for a few months in 2013 and he addressed their relationship in his 2017 autobiography Back To The Boy. As Rhino introduced themselves, they looked inside a record of the town's "offences". At the bottom of the list, there was a reference to "two bad jokes", which could refer to James Arthur's Twitter spat with comedian Frankie Boyle. In 2012, he became embroiled in a three-day Twitter row with the comedian, who had likened him to a "tramp". James tweeted: "Poor old man making yet more s**t jokes about X Factor because he knows that's the only way he can get attention any more." He went on to criticise Frankie's "desperately bad jokes". DON'T MISS... The Masked Singer’s Pigeon’s identity ‘uncovered’ in costume clue [DISCUSSION] The Masked Singer's Fawn’s identity ‘exposed’ as Countdown star [INSIGHT] The Masked Singer fans ‘work out’ Jacket Potato's identity [DISCUSSION] In their clue package, Rhino put on a Texan accent as they walked through a Wild West set. They walked past a sign which said: "Welcome to Cobalt, founded 1373, population 158,967. No Spittin, No Thievin, No Shoutin." Rhino said although they looked tough and serious on the outside, they were a "fun kind of fella". Another clue was three arrows, which left the panellists and viewers baffled. James Arthur appeared to shut down the claims he was behind the costume, but is he bluffing to throw people off the scent? Taking to Twitter he said: "For all those theorising, I am not the Rhino on #MaskedSingerUK it’s probably Lewis Capaldi." Viewers were not convinced he was telling the truth, with Victoria Ekanoye responding: "Mate…I’m sorry if this outs you…but no single body has those vocals but you. "Easily my fave voice to have ever come from any show. However, if you aren’t Rhino, then I’m still gassed that this little conundrum has made me re-listen to your first album again. Sir, take a bow."  The Masked Singer returns to ITV on Saturday at 7pm