A US-born Spanish woman, who has become the world's oldest person at 115, says avoiding toxic people is one factor in her longevity. Maria Branyas Morera, born on March 4, 1907, became the oldest living human after the death of French nun Lucille Randon earlier this month, who was 118. Despite being born five years before the Titanic embarked on its ill-fated voyage, Ms Morera even uses Twitter with a little help from her daughter. "I am old, very old, but not an idiot," Ms Morera says in her Twitter bio. She has also offered insight into her longevity, revealing: "Order, tranquility, good connection with family and friends, contact with nature, emotional stability, no worries, no regrets, lots of positivity and staying away from toxic people." On the first day of 2023, she tweeted: "Life is not eternal for anyone...At my age, a new year is a gift, a humble celebration, a new adventure, a beautiful journey, a moment of happiness. Let's enjoy life together." Baby Maria was born in San Francisco and moved to Spain eight years later where she has lived since. The last 22 years have been spent in Catalonia nursing home. Her family's voyage over to Spain by sea was not without tragedy - as her father died of pulmonary tuberculosis on board the ship. Ms Morera also permanently lost her hearing in one ear after a fall. Her family arrived in Barcelona in the midst of World War One and she survived the Spanish Civil War as well as World War Two. Ms Morena is also believed to be the oldest person to have recovered from COVID-19 after she caught the virus in May 2020. She has three children, 11 grandchildren and 13 great-grandchildren and was "surprised" following the announcement by the Guinness Book of World Records. However, she added that the last few days had been "stressful" and said she would not be giving anymore interviews.  READ MORE: Andrew in for more 'embarrassment' as Giuffre book to be published "I need peace and tranquillity. I have lived in the Tura Residence for 22 years and I do not want the day-to-day life of the residents or the staff who take care of us to change," Morena said in a tweet. The Residència Santa María del Tura issued a statement to the Guinness Book of World Records upon the announcement. It read: "To celebrate this very special event we will have a small celebration behind closed doors in the residence in the coming days." The record for longest lived person ever goes to Jeanne Louise Calment. She was born on February 22, 1875, and lived for122 years and 164 days. 