Arsenal admire in-demand Borussia Dortmund midfielder Jude Bellingham but will face two problems if they pursue a summer transfer, according to reports. Bellingham is wanted by a plethora of Premier League and overseas clubs, with Liverpool, Chelsea and Spanish giants Real Madrid all competing to sign the England starlet. The Gunners are marching towards the top-flight title and could tempt some bigger names in the summer transfer window, regardless of whether they fend off Manchester City and win the league for the first time since 2004. Mikel Arteta has raised the north Londoners’ reputation as a hub for developing young players. Arsenal could therefore try to convince Bellingham to join in the summer, with their recruitment team apparently in admiration for the 19-year-old. However, the cost of a potential blockbuster transfer and the competition for his signature make them ‘considerable underdogs’. Dortmund are believed to be quoting a starting fee of £130million (€150m). That would wipe out a huge portion of Arsenal’s transfer budget, with the club having already spent well over £200m in the last two summers. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd £63m bid, Chelsea £112m deal close, Mudryk It is unclear if Arsenal will have the finances to complete a deal for Bellingham. His salary is also likely to be a huge expense. But even if they did, the competition for the former Birmingham prodigy could prove too difficult. According to The Athletic, Liverpool and Real Madrid have already completed much of the groundwork ahead of their potential bids to Dortmund. The report continues that a high-profile transfer such as Bellingham’s involves a lengthy wooing process. Arsenal would not only need to catch up with the likes of Liverpool and Real from a standing starting position, but prove to the player and his family that the Emirates Stadium is the best destination for the next stage of his career. Currently, Liverpool appear to be the most likely destination for Bellingham next summer. Chelsea reportedly believe the Reds are in ‘pole position’ despite harbouring their own intentions to pursue a move. DON'T MISS...Arsenal have three players they could sign for bargain fees in JanuarySol Campbell prompts outpour of criticism after begging for knighthoodArsenal expected XI v Newcastle as Arteta faces two suspension issues Bellingham was set for talks with the Dortmund board over his future after the World Cup. CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke wants an answer from the club’s prized asset over whether he plans to be at Signal Iduna Park next season. Clubs will then circle for his signing next summer, potentially leaving Arsenal out of the picture. The Gunners have their own big plans for January and beyond, with a mega-money deal for Ukrainian winger Mykhaylo Mudryk a work-in-progress. Saturday’s 4-2 win over Brighton propelled Arsenal seven points above Man City after 16 games. They face Newcastle on Tuesday evening.