Tottenham have reportedly agreed a deal to sign exciting Chelsea prospect Jude Soonsup-Bell. The youngster also had offers from Manchester City and clubs abroad, but Spurs are on the verge of winning the race by presenting him with a path into the first team that didn't appear to be present at Stamford Bridge. Soonsup-Bell signed a professional Chelsea deal in 2021 and went on to make his senior bow in the EFL Cup quarter-finals against Brentford later that year. He has not made a first-team appearance since, although he is held to be one of the finest players in the Blues' academy. The striker, born in 2004, has been amongst the goals at various youth levels for Chelsea this season, featuring regularly for the U21 side and in the Football League Trophy. However, he has allowed his contract to wind down for fear of an obstructed route into the first team in west London. The Evening Standard claim that fears of a teenage exodus are growing at Stamford Bridge after co-owner Todd Boehly's lucrative transfer blowout over the past 12 months. READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE - Man Utd block deal, Enzo Fernandez to Chelsea Soonsup-Bell could have stayed at Chelsea but Spurs have supposedly won the race by agreeing a fee and organising a medical. The Lilywhites convinced the 19-year-old to sign, snubbing interest from City and abroad in the process, by presenting a credible pathway to senior football. The youngster will supposedly slot into the U21 side, who are currently struggling in Premier League 2, before exploring loan options from the start of next season. Other youngsters have followed a similar path in north London with Harry Kane still laying claim to the lone starting spot up front. DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart  Academy product Troy Parrott has played 15 games in the Championship for Preston North End this season, scoring once. Teenager Dane Scarlett was sent on loan to League One Portsmouth for the campaign, where he has gained valuable experience with 27 senior matches under his belt so far. Kane is supposedly in talks to renew his Tottenham contract but lingering fears remain that he could seek a new challenge if he fails to notch a first career trophy by the end of the season. Manager Antonio Conte's future is also uncertain, which could have an impact on whether the England captain decides to jump ship. "[Kane] is going into the last year of his contract so there are going to be discussions," former Spurs goalkeeper Paul Robinson told Express Sport earlier this month. "This is a critical time. He's got a decision to make - does he want to be a one-club man and potentially not win any major trophies? "Or maybe it's his opportunity to go to a bigger club - whether it be Bayern Munich or someone in the Premier League. The club have got a decision to make as well on whether they let his contract run down or cash in and rebuild. There's a decision to be made from both parties."