Pension reforms are reportedly being considered by Chancellor Jeremy Hunt in efforts to get older Britons back into work. Sources from Whitehall told Mail Online the lifetime allowance could be raised as an incentive. The pension lifetime allowance (LTA) is a limit on how much a person can save into their pension across their lifetime tax-free. The limit is set at £1,073,100, and if exceeded, Britons could face a hefty tax bill of 55 percent. The LTA has been blamed for driving thousands of people into retirement, especially those from traditionally higher-earning professions such as doctors. However, some experts are today questioning whether such a move would ultimately be beneficial, or if the Government should turn its attention elsewhere. READ MORE: Widow could be eligible for £3,500 boost Hilary Salt, partner at First Actuarial LLP and Pension Playpen All Star, told Express.co.uk an increase to the LTA is likely to persuade retirees to return to work, not just to earn extra pay, but also to boost their pension. However, she suggested there could be problems which may arise if such a policy were to be implemented. She added: “As always, the problem with making ad-hoc changes to pensions taxation to address current challenges is that it becomes very complicated and can cause other unintended consequences. “It would be better to conduct an overall review of pensions taxation." DON'T MISSBritons call for ‘unmetered energy tariff’ for elderly and disabled [LATEST]Hours left to secure pension ‘bumper boost’ [ANALYSIS]500,000 people set to miss out on 10.1% state pension boost [UPDATE] Gary Smith, director of financial planning at Evelyn Partners, said such a move could be welcome. However, seeming to concur with Ms Salt, he warned encouraging early retirees back into the workforce could face other tax disincentives. Mr Smith explained: “The problem for early retirees who have accessed their pension flexibly is that they then face the money purchase annual allowance if they return to work. “This caps further contributions into a pension while benefitting from tax relief to £4,000, and is a major block to rebuilding a pension pot, particularly for the NHS GPs and other high-earners who have been discouraged from continuing to work by the LTA. READ MORE: ‘Nail in his coffin’ - Hiking state pension age to ‘destroy Sunak' “Some high-earners would also be scuppered by the complex rules around tapered annual allowance. This can also limit annual pension savings with tax relief.” In a speech last week, the Chancellor touched upon the issue of labour shortages across the country. It was here that he encouraged help from older workers, who may have left the workforce during the pandemic. Mr Hunt said: “To those who retired early after the pandemic, or who haven’t found the right role after furlough, I say, ‘Britain needs you’ - and we will look at the conditions necessary to make work worth your while.”  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea However, Margaret Snowdon OBE, Pension Playpen All Star, told Express.co.uk she was less convinced an incentive would entice retirees. Ms Snowdon added: “I would be very surprised if anyone who has already early retired would be lured back with a higher LTA. “Reasons for early retirement are complex.” An HM Treasury spokesperson previously told Express.co.uk: “The lifetime allowance was frozen to ensure the sustainability of the public finances and the current threshold means savers can put over £1million into their pension completely tax-free. “Over nine out of 10 people approaching retirement have a pension pot worth less than the lifetime allowance, so will not face a tax charge.”