Isaac’s father Stephen Powell has pleaded with homeowners who have pools to take precautions to prevent such an accident from happening again. Last Thursday, Isaac was playing outside at his family’s new home in Canning Vale just days after they moved there when he snuck through a hole in a fence into a neighbour’s garden. Zahra, Isaac’s mum who was celebrating her birthday, searched the nearby area when she noticed her child was missing. Isaac was found lifeless in the neighbour’s pool by children 15 minutes after Zahra noticed her son was gone. She performed CPR on her son until the paramedics arrived where he was then rushed to Perth Children’s Hospital. The toddler was out on life support for five days before his parents decided to switch it off on Monday. Stephen told Nine News: “He was just playing in the backyard and he managed to find a hold in the fence. “He’s gone through to our neighbour’s house, I haven’t even met them yet, I don’t know them at all…and he’s fallen in their pool. “He’s at peace now and we’ve got to take comfort in that.” While speaking to the news outlet, the grief-stricken father issued advice to pool owners. “If you’ve got a pool, maintain your fences, and, the people that found him they didn’t know CPR,” he said. “I’m not saying it could have saved him but it’s better than just doing nothing,” he added. Stephen held back tears as he paid tribute to his beautiful son as he explained that the family had only moved to the house a few days before the accident. READ MORE: Nine police officers a day apply for jobs in Australia “He was the cutest little boy, you wouldn’t see him without a car in his hand. He’ll have some cars when he goes,” he said. Ummu Bakri, Isaac’s aunty explained how her sister’s birthday will never be the same following the tragedy. “I don’t think time will ever heal as every birthday she’ll have a reminder of her child dying,” she said. Zahra was organising a family celebration at the new house when Isaac disappeared. A number of drownings have occurred across Australia over the festive period as Aussie’s make the most of their summer. DON'T MISS:Poll shows 98 percent support scrapping of TV licence for all over-75s (POLL)Russian mourners vow to 'crush enemy' after Ukraine's Makiivka strike (REVEAL)New York subway shooter, 63, pleads guilty to terrorism charges (INSIGHT) A GoFundMe page has been set up by friends of Isaac’s family and it has raised over $13,000 (£7,363) in just 24 hours for the family. The charity page reads: “No one ever imagines that they will lose a child and plans to save money for this occasion. “So, this page is here for anyone who is in a position who can or would like to help fund this. “I know Stephen & Zahra would be forever grateful but certainly not expectorant of anything. “Let’s unite as a community to help and support Stephen and Zahra as they navigate their grief and try to form some semblance of a life after this shattering loss.”