Los Angeles Lakers superstar LeBron James has lost his cool with the organisation, as it looks like being another quiet trade window. The Lakers have turned around their season after a brutal start, but James clearly wants them to do more, and may be regretting his decision to extend. James was at his brilliant best on Saturday night against the Sacramento Kings, but he wants the Lakers to do more and back his wishes. The Lakers edged the Kings 136-134 on Saturday, with the scores level heading into the fourth quarter. James scored 37 points on the night, and Thomas Bryant and Dennis Schroder have stepped up in the absence of Anthony Davis, both scoring over 25 points. James' Lakers are now 19-21 for the season, and haven't dipped the way many expected when Davis was ruled out with injury yet again. But James doesn't want the organisation to settle for that, and uncharacteristically swore when responding to what the Lakers should be doing. James has rarely gone against the Lakers front office, but even one of the greats has a breaking point. Speaking to Sam Amick at The Athletic on the Lakers roster moves, he said: "Y'all know what the f*** should be happening." The injury to Davis could have a huge impact on the Lakers' season, but it's something they're getting used to as the star continues to stay injury prone. But, this is a different Lakers side to the one that started the season with a record of 2-10. Russell Westbrook has stepped up after a shaky start to the campaign, but James has stayed consistent the entire time, so it's clear to see why he's frustrated. James is the highest paid player in the NBA after agreeing to extend his Lakers deal, but it's left him stranded as he is currently not eligible to be traded. Not that he particularly wants to, as it's clear to see that James loves the Lakers. However, at the age of 38, time is of the essence. The Lakers may be in a better position now, but they're still the 12th seed in the western conference. And with no major trade deals looking likely, it doesn't look like they'll be making any late post-season push anytime soon. James has been publicly annoyed with Lakers dealings ever since they won the shortened Covid season in 2020. Sure, they brought in Westbrook on a major deal, but it hasn't exactly gone to plan. Westbrook is starting to prove his worth now, but it's taken time for him to settle in with the Lakers. And due to the size of the deal, it's limited the Lakers ability to make moves ever since. It remains to be seen if the Lakers will be able to make any trades to their roster before the February deadline. But 38-year-old James is running out of time to add more NBA Championships to his name, and his decision to extend his Lakers deal may come back to haunt him if things don't improve. James is still playing at his top level, but even for one of the greats, surely his time is coming to an end. Legacy is now all James cares about, and it's likely that he will want to add a fifth NBA crown to his collection before retiring. It doesn't look like the Lakers are close to achieving that anytime soon, and the cracks may be starting to show for a typically cool James. He's tied down at the Lakers, so he may do even more to try and force the Lakers into making some moves before the deadline.