  It’s widely believed that the daughter of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, Lilibet, is the first member of the Royal Family to be born in the US. Although Lilibet was the first of Queen Elizabeth’s great-grandchildren to be born abroad, there is also another young American royal.    Maud Elizabeth Daphne Marina Windsor is often seen at major events, yet few royal fans know who the ten-year-old is. She was spotted with Princess Charlotte while the pair were bridesmaids at Princess Eugenie's wedding to her husband Jack Brooksbank in 2018. She is currently 53rd in line to the British throne and is the granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth’s cousin Prince Michael of Kent. This her the great-great granddaughter of King George V, the grandfather of Queen Elizabeth.    Maud is the daughter of Lord Fredrick Windsor and Holywood actress Sophie Winkleman, who is known for her sitcom roles in Peep Show and Two and a Half Men. Sophie has also acted in the Chronicles of Narnia plus the children's cartoon Phineas and Ferb. The young royal was born in the US as her mother was working at the time of her pregnancy. Maud was born in California on August 15 2013, just weeks after her cousin Prince George, who she reportedly gets along with and used to be in the same class at school. READ MORE: Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again Sophie revealed in an interview with Hello Magazine in 2018 that Maud is friends with Prince George. She spoke of a playdate the pair went on, and said: “We were invited to tea at Kensington Palace just before Princess Charlotte was born. “Maud and George got on very well. He is a very clever, articulate little boy and was speaking long before other toddlers his age." DON'T MISS:King Charles's coronation backed by Brits as poll shows huge support [REVEAL]Prince Harry offensive is in danger of burnout – EXPRESS COMMENT [COMMENT]Meghan and Harry use Oprah comment to moan about size of royal cottage [INSIGHT] Although Lilibet is the first close member of the Royal Family to be born in the US, no British prince or princess has American citizenship yet as there is still debate over whether Prince Harry’s children will receive a royal title. The rules currently state that only grandchildren of the monarch can use a royal title unless special exceptions are made, which Queen Elizabeth did for her great-grandchildren Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, the youngest children of Prince William. Being the heir to the British throne, Prince George inherited his royal title automatically when he was born. Now that King Charles is the monarch, there have been debate if Lilibet and Archie will receive a title as no announcement has taken place yet.   