Actress Sylvia Syms "died peacefully" at the age of 89 early on Friday at Denville Hall. Denville Hall is a care home based in London for those in the entertainment industry. An emotional statement from her children, Beatie and Ben Edney, said: "Our mother, Sylvia, died peacefully this morning. She has lived an amazing life and gave us joy and laughter right up to the end. "Just yesterday we were reminiscing together about all our adventures. She will be so very missed. "We would also like to take this opportunity to thank everyone at Denville Hall for the truly excellent care they have taken of our Mum over the past year." READ MORE... Sopranos' John Ventimiglia 'heartbroken' as daughter Odele dies at 25 Sylvia began her incredible acting career in 1954, when she was the tender age of 19. The star, who landed roles in hit British TV series EastEnders and Dr Who, also starred in films, most famously in Ice Cold in Alex. She went on to appear in classic movies Woman in a Dressing Gown and The Moonraker. Sylvia also starred opposite Sir Cliff Richard in Expresso Bongo. One of Sylvia's latest blockbuster films was Dame Helen Mirren's award-winning movie The Queen. She took on the role of the Queen Mother while acting alongside the Oscar-winning actress. Sylvia also acted with model-turned-movie star Cara Delevingne, appearing together in the short film Timeless. The actress joined BBC soap EastEnders in 2007. DON'T MISS:Denise Welch hits back as viewer says 'enough is enough'Alex Scott wows fans as she 're-introduces herself' in transformation Robert Rinder 'unrecognisable' after break with Carol Vorderman Sylvia was cast in the show in the role of Olive Woodhouse. Her most recent acting role was in 2019, when she appeared in BBC period drama Gentleman Jack as Mrs Rawson. From 2013 to 2019, the star was also the narrator of Talking Pictures on BBC2. In her personal life, Sylvia was married to Alan Edney from 1956 until 1989. She and Alan shared a daughter, Beatie, 60, and a son Benjamin together. Sylvia was born in Woolwich, London, and was received her education at the prestigious Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. Fans were treated to an insight into Sylvia's life outside of her acting roles when she appeared on BBC's The Young Ones. The series was based on six celebrities in their 70s and 80s attempting to deal with some of the issues they faced due to ageing by harking back to the past.