Arsenal have reportedly made it clear they had nothing to do with Moises Caicedo's social media posts on Friday. The Brighton star demanded he was allowed to leave the club but the Gunners say they were not behind the message. Arsenal are hoping to sign Caicedo before Tuesday's transfer deadline. Mikel Arteta wants to sign a midfielder after completing deals for Leandro Trossard and Jakub Kiwior earlier in the window. Arteta feels his squad lacks depth in midfield, with Mohamed Elneny set for a period on the sideline due to a knee injury picked up in training. Arsenal saw an opening offer of £60million turned down by Brighton for Caicedo on Friday. The Seagulls are adamant the 21-year-old is not for sale in this window. However, Caicedo made his feelings clear with a post on his Twitter and Instagram accounts later in the evening. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  The Ecuador international pleaded with Brighton to let him leave after attracting an offer which would be a club-record sale. However, Arsenal have moved to dispel any thoughts that they were behind the posts. Football.london claims the Premier League leaders have made it 'categorically clear' they had nothing to do with it. Arsenal still want to sign the player and he is keen on a move to the Emirates. Caicedo has made just 31 appearances in all competitions for Brighton since joining from Independiente del Valle in 2021. But he has seen his value rocket with performances on the south coast this season. Arsenal are reported to have made a second offer worth up to £70m including add-ons. But Brighton are still set to turn it down. DON'T MISSThree players who Ten Hag could sign for Man Utd before deadlineKlopp and Guardiola agreed on Saint-Maximin as Newcastle star looks to quit£24m double exit, third loan signing - Man Utd's dream end to January  Caicedo explained on social media why he wants to take the opportunity to leave Brighton in this window. He wrote: "I am grateful to Mr. Bloom and Brighton for giving me the chance to come to the Premier League and I feel I have always done my best for them. "I always play football with a smile and with heart. I am the youngest of 10 siblings from a poor upbringing in Santa Domingo in Ecuador. My dream always to be the most decorated player in the history of Ecuador. "I am proud to be able to bring in a record transfer fee for Brighton which would allow them to reinvest it and help the club continue to be successful. The fans have taken me into their hearts and they will always be in my heart so I hope they can understand why I want to take up this magnificent opportunity.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here