Seven-time F1 world champion Lewis Hamilton will miss James Vowles' "clever thinking" after he left Mercedes to become the new Team Principal for Williams, according to Mercedes chief Toto Wolff. Vowles, who was Mercedes' Motorsport Strategy Director, worked alongside Hamilton for a decade and helped the Brit win six of his world titles before making a shock switch to Williams. And speaking at a press conference alongside Vowles, Mercedes Team Principal Wolff revealed Hamilton's reaction to the news of his departure. "I told him this week that this was going to happen and he is absolutely fine," Wolff said. "Working with James has always been a great pleasure for him. The clever thinking on a Sunday morning, that was good fun with James always. But he is absolutely... I think his first response was 'That's amazing for James'." Vowles, meanwhile, added: "For what it's worth, I called him [Hamilton] and those were the first words that came out of his mouth. Not insulting me or telling me he's disappointed, it was quite the opposite. JUST IN: Mercedes seek Lewis Hamilton and FIA summit to prevent F1 ban for Brit "In fact, I'd probably say throughout Mercedes, I've had the fortune that near enough everyone I've spoken to has just been incredibly happy." In a post on his Instagram story, Hamilton congratulated Vowles on his move, saying he "couldn't be happier for him" and tipping him to "push Williams forward". Hamilton wrote: "I am so proud and grateful to have worked with James for the past 10 years. DON'T MISSRussell reacts to Mercedes chief leaving just months before new seasonHamilton to blame for contract stall as Wolff predicts 'wrestling'How long will Hamilton sign at Mercedes? What's his long-term future? "Together we have won over 80 races and 15 titles. This is such a great move and I couldn't be happier for him. We all need to change in order to progress and I'm confident that he'll push Williams forward to being more competitive. "There is nobody more deserving of this role. Thanks for everything James. Wishing you the best brother."