King Charles "needs Diana's boys in his corner" to succeed as a monarch, a royal biographer has claimed. However, the rift between the Firm and the Duke and Duchess of Sussex changed the new monarch's ground, who had always envisioned to lead the country and the Firm with Prince William and Prince Harry at his side, royal commentator Christopher Anderson said. He also claimed Charles has "a temper" and his hurt could have now "turned to simmering rage". The author of The King: The Life of Charles III claimed to Express.co.uk: "It's a quivering tightrope the King walks when it comes to Meghan and Harry. "He always envisioned both sons and their families up there beside him on the balcony at Buckingham Palace once he became King, and he knows that this what the British people wanted as well. "As a practical matter, King Charles really needs all hands on deck if he is to succeed as monarch. "The public's affection for the Queen is what held the monarchy and the Commonwealth together, and if Charles is ever to have that he needs Diana's boys in his corner. "Charles was fond of Meghan and had embraced her so fully – going so far as to walk her down the aisle when her own father didn't show up – that he was deeply wounded by Megxit. "But Charles also has a temper, and I'm afraid the hurt he felt has now turned to simmering rage." The King, Mr Andersen added, Charles would likely prefer to wait and read Prince Harry's upcoming memoir, Spare, before making any decision that could further cut the Sussexes' ties with the Firm. He said: "There are still actions left to take. Harry and Meghan agreed not to publicly use their HRH status, but technically they still have it. They could be formally stripped of their royal status the way Diana was." Prince Harry and Meghan left the Firm as its senior members in the spring of 2020, a process that was dubbed at the time "Megxit". READ MORE: Douglas Murray slams NY Times op-ed about dismantling royal family  In the past months, they have shone a light on what brought them to that decision and spoken about the deep cracks in their relationship with the rest of the Royal Family. The Duke of Sussex has made blistering criticisms of the King in some of his interviews and appearances - including seemingly criticising the upbringing he was given by Charles during an episode of the Armchair Expert podcast and claiming his father and brother are "trapped" in the Firm while speaking to Oprah Winfrey. Most recently, in the six-part Harry & Meghan documentary released by Netflix, the Duke accused Buckingham Palace of briefing against him and the Duchess as well as leaking stories and private details to the press. Neither the King nor the Palace have so far commented on the documentary. The Royal Family is now bracing for new allegations and criticism possibly included in Harry's memoir Spare. As the upcoming book will likely focus on Harry's childhood and his grief following the death of Princess Diana, Charles may risk being bruised by the Duke's words. Despite the Sussexes' claims and criticism against the Firm, King Charles has publicly offered a number of olive branches to his son. He mentioned his second son and his wife in his first speech as sovereign on September 9, in which he expressed his "love" for them as they "continue to build their lives overseas". He also allowed Harry to don his military uniform during the grandchildren's vigil for Queen Elizabeth II in the run-up to the funeral, despite the Duke no longer being a working royal nor an active serviceman. The monarch had also reportedly told the Sussexes they will be welcome to his Coronation, planned for May 6 next year. Asked whether he expects Charles to invite Harry and Meghan to the historic event, Mr Andersen said: "As things stand now, Harry and Meghan will definitely be invited to the Coronation. "I think they, in turn, will risk being sidelined and booed and all the rest to be there." The King: The Life of Charles III by Christopher Andersen is published by Simon and Schuster.