Manchester United surely have to achieve a feat not managed since Jose Mourinho's time in charge in order to mount a Premier League title challenge this season. The Red Devils head to the Emirates to play leaders Arsenal on Sunday, aiming to do the double over their opponents for the first time since the 2017/18 campaign. United sit third in the table ahead of the weekend's action. They are eight points behind the leaders and Mikel Arteta's side have a game in hand. Defeat to the Gunners could end United's chances of winning a first title since 2013 before they really began. However, victory in north London will excite the club's supporters that this season could finally see them back at the top of English football. United are the only team to have beaten Arsenal in the Premier League this season. A debut goal for Antony and a brace from Marcus Rashford sealed a 3-1 win at Old Trafford in September. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Arsenal felt aggrieved to have a Gabriel Martinelli goal disallowed, a decision which the Premier League and PGMOL have since admitted was incorrect. Arteta's side were impressive on the day but United were ruthless in front of goal. Both sides are on long unbeaten runs so they could cancel each other out on Sunday. But United realistically have to win to enhance their credentials. Mourinho was the manager the last time United beat Arsenal twice in a Premier League season. In a similar fashion to this campaign, United won the first meeting 3-1, but that time was at the Emirates. It remains the last time they beat Arsenal on their home patch in the league. The reverse fixture at Old Trafford in April 2018 ended in a 2-1 win for the hosts. DON'T MISSGrealish gives perfect response after being 'insulted' in Sky Sports interviewArsenal about to 'amaze' Ferdinand with 'creative' signing that Keown will likeRonaldo perplexed after being given award over Messi and Mbappe  Rashford will be hoping to continue his fine form of recent weeks against a team he has fond memories of playing. His Premier League debut was against Arsenal back in 2016 when he scored twice in a win for Louis van Gaal's side. He hadn't scored against the Gunners since then before his double earlier this season. But the 25-year-old is enjoying the best run of his career and already has 16 goals to his name in all competitions this term. Arsenal will be favourites to extend their lead over United. However, Ten Hag's side knows it is potentially win or bust for their title aspirations. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 