Novak Djokovic claimed his 10th Australian Open title today by beating Stefanos Tsitsipas in straight sets after showing his class in two dominant tiebreaks. And the Serbian superstar has now equalled Rafa Nadal’s male record of 22 Grand Slam singles titles. Twelve months ago the Spaniard broke the three-way tie of the Big Three to win his 21st Major title after Djokovic had been deported. Now the Wimbledon champion is back at world No.1 after re-establishing his old dominance Down Under. And it would take a brave punter to beat against the Serb, 35, winning the male GOAT race - or even overtaking Aussie Margaret Court by winning 25 Grand Slam titles. This was another eventful tournament for Djokovic, who entered the event with a left hamstring strain and played his last two matches without his father in the Rod Laver Arena. Srdjan Djokovic decided to stay away again after getting caught on camera posing with pro-Putin Russian nationalists in Melbourne Park. His mother Dijana cheered him to victory alongside his coaching team headed by Goran Ivanisevic. Tsitsipas had a set point at 4-5 in the second set before losing a tiebreak and broke the Djokovic serve at the start of the third set. But the Greek was never able to fire up the big support in the stadium and Djokovic continued his extraordinary record of winning every final here by triumphing 6-3 7-6 7-6 in two hours and 56 minutes.  Nadal has never lost in any of his 14 French Open finals and will get another chance to take the lead in the two-man race to be recognised as the greatest male player ever in Paris in June. This showdown had the atmosphere more like a raucous football or boxing match with large numbers of Serbs and Greek fans in the stadium. Umpire Louise Engzell had to repeatedly ask for quiet throughout the encounter. Tsitsipas had lost his last nine matches to Djokovic - including his only previous Grand Slam final at the 2021 French Open - and needed a strong start. But after saving to two break points in his first service game, Tsitsipas was broken to trail 1-3 after serving a double fault. Djokovic, who lost only five points on his serve in the first set, took his first set point with a service winner after only 36 minutes. Tsitsipas played better in the second set but was still too passive - he did not serve and volley all match - and failed to step up on the big points. At 4-5, the Greek earned a break point but Djokovic won a superb 15-stroke rally with a fierce forehand winner after a fan had cried out during the point. Swede Engzell told the crowd: "It is very disturbing for both players, so please be quiet." In the tiebreak, Tsitsipas fought back from 1-4 down to 4-4 before he hit a forehand long and then slapped a ball into the net to show his frustration after the point. The Greek hit a backhand long on Djokovic’s first set point - his fifth unforced error of the tiebreak. His father and coach Apostolos could hardly watch. The Serb then took a seven-minute toilet break - and was then broken for the first time following an audacious Tsitsipas drop shot on break point. But at 30-30 in the following game, the Greek missed a mid-court forehand after ridiculous squash-style retrieval shot from Djokovic and then pushed a drop shot out on the next point to give the break straight back. The Serb won a remarkable 17 consecutive points on his devastating serve to get to 6-5 in the third set before Tsitsipas held to force another tiebreak. But again the Greek was unable to raise his game in the tiebreak as Djokovic race to a 5-0 lead. A fan shouted out in the next point as the Serb sent a backhand slice wide. But Djokovic whipped up the crowd after earning three championship points at 6-3 - and took the third when Tsitsipas sent a forehand long.