Jamie Carragher has joked that he will get a dressing down from Sky Sports after referring to Liverpool as 'we'. The former Reds defender was discussing Cody Gakpo's January arrival when he risked angering rival fans by making his affiliation with the club no secret. Gakpo has joined Liverpool from PSV Eindhoven in a £37million deal, but this evening's trip to Brentford is expected to be too early for his paperwork to be processed. Jurgen Klopp has suggested he is eyeing the weekend's FA Cup clash with Wolves for the 23-year-old forward's debut. Carragher, who made 737 appearances for Liverpool, believes the German will want to throw him into his team immediately. But he accidentally let his fan side slip during a chat with Sky Sports ahead of the Brentford clash... He told Sky Sports: "Well, you want to get him [Gakpo] involved as soon as possible. Get him integrated into the team, his first taste of Premier League football. JUST IN: Liverpool may have blocked two Premier League transfers as Gakpo joins  "I think it's an exciting signing. [He's] a player who did extremely well in the World Cup, a player who has been linked to lots of clubs over the last few months. "So he was going to get his move sooner or later, and I'm just thankful it was Liverpool because I think it is a position that we need to... or Liverpool need to strengthen. I shouldn't say we anymore, should I! I'll get told off for that by Sky. "But I think it is a position Liverpool need to strengthen, considering the injuries to Jota and Diaz and the fact that I don't think they are close to coming back any time soon." READ MORE: Man Utd’s stance on Joao Felix transfer amid 'expensive' problem'  Carragher admitted Klopp could have a selection headache next season once Jota and Diaz return from injury. However, he believes Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is keeping the left-wing spot warm for Gakpo to slot into this month amid a lack of depth. "Oxlade-Chamberlain, at the moment, is playing on the left. It's not really his position, and it just shows Liverpool haven't quite got the numbers to fill all three attacking positions now with the injuries that they have," Carragher added. "So I would expect him to play on the left. Obviously, there could be a big discussion about how it fits going into next season when Diaz and Jota are back, but Liverpool need a player for that left position now." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here