TLC’s 1000lb Best Friends followed four friends as they supported each other and embarked on a healthier lifestyle. However, after putting off her check-in with Doctor Proctor, Meghan broke down and stormed out of the meeting claiming the Doctor’s lacked sympathy. Earlier this month 1000lb Best Friends made its highly anticipated return with season two. As well as the four friends supporting each other, they also had additional assistance from Dr Proctor to help in their battle with morbid obesity. However, despite shedding more than 100lbs, Meghan reached a plateau and was no longer confident in her weight loss. After weeks of refusing to track her progress, the 43-year-old returned to the doctor’s office but was left in floods of tears. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan During episode three, Meghan was accompanied by Tina Arnold as she stormed out of the office. Meghan spluttered: “I can’t believe that s***t, I thought he would be compassionate. “I thought just maybe he would understand and try to embrace that I’m not doing well and that really affected me.” After apologising to her friend, Tina stated: “Meghan look at me, forever and ever I am on your side first.” She added: “I think you should go back in, but are you okay to go back in?” As Meghan revealed she was ready to give the meeting another go, the two stepped back into the office to chat with Dr Proctor. Speaking to the cameras, Meghan admitted: “I know that I’m a little more sensitive, sometimes I take things a little too literally or too to the heart. “Maybe I came at him a little too strong with my emotions.” DON'T MISS...James Bulger’s mum ’in touching distance of getting justice’  [INSIGHT]Woman trapped in the body of an 8-year-old lays bare new love interest [INSIGHT]1000-lb Best Friends fans outraged by Meghan’s Dr Procter row [INSIGHT] As she sat down with the professional, Meghan revealed she needed “help to come out of the dark place.” Dr Procotor encouraged her and stated: “So when you first walked in you were oxygen dependent, you could barely move and you were 498lb. When I saw you last year after surgery you had gotten down to 303lb, that’s a 200lb weight loss. That’s really good, let’s not forget that.” After weeks of putting it off, Meghan hopped back on the scales which was a positive step in the right direction after vowing to never weigh herself again. In the previous episode, Meghan shared this decision with her friends Tina, Vannessa Cross and Ashley Sutton. Ashley revealed she had gotten journals to document their daily food intake and emotions. As Vanessa left the table, Meghan insisted: “I'm not getting on a scale, if that's what you're thinking. No scales for me, I’d like to do that in secret.” When Vanessa returned with the scale in hand an enraged Meghan said: “I don't want to do it, I'll do it in my own time!"  1000lb Best Friends season 2 continues Wednesdays on TLC. 