Travel expert Simon Calder tweeted this morning: "Flights in/out of Heathrow are severely disrupted by freezing fog, with more than 80 cancellations on British Airways alone today. Other airlines also affected." Here is how Britons jetting off on holiday might be affected by the cold weather. Flights to Amsterdam, Lyon and Barcelona are among those cancelled today, reported GB News. Links with Amsterdam, Edinburgh, Milan Malpensa, Paris CDG and Stockholm are also seeing multiple cancellations. Of the long-haul flights departing from London Heathrow, one to Miami has been grounded due to bad weather. But today wasn't the first day of cancelled flights at London's busiest airport, with at least 70 British Airways flights cancelled due to fog at Heathrow on Sunday. READ MORE: Flight attendant says Toblerone is 'easiest' method to get upgrade This included at least 20 outbound departures to domestic and European destinations on Sunday evening, and the corresponding inbound flights on Monday morning. Delays are also to be expected in addition to cancellations, with arrivals from Bologna, Larnaca, Madrid and Warsaw arriving in at least 14 hours late. The Met Office has issued a weather warning which will affect people across the country. The yellow warning read: "Freezing fog will lead to difficult driving conditions and could cause travel delays in some areas on Monday.  "It explained that journeys may be slower with delays to bus and train services possible, as well as delays or cancellations to flights." It also reported that "fog is a major travel hazard which can lead to problems of visibility when travelling". The Met Office explained why severe weather conditions can ground or delay flights: "Fog, snow, ice and crosswinds mean that air traffic controllers have to increase the gap between planes that are landing, reducing the number of aircraft that an airport can manage. "The same weather can make it slower and more difficult for the planes to taxi between runway and terminal building. "As many commercial flights are cruising more than five miles above the ground, they can be affected by different weather than we are experiencing on the ground. "Safety is always the first consideration for the aviation industry. An aircraft that's stood overnight in freezing weather will need de-icing before its first flight in the morning. That's a fairly big task for one plane but imagine the task at Heathrow on a snowy January morning. At the same time there are miles of taxiways and runways to clear. "Then think about the people who do this work getting to the airport - the same snow and ice are probably affecting the roads and railways." Drivers have also been warned against driving due to poor visibility on the roads.   The current yellow weather warning covers Yorkshire, the southeast and the Midlands. Speaking about today's cancellations, a British Airways spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "Like other airlines, our schedule has been affected by the continued freezing fog weather conditions experienced across London. "We've apologised to customers whose flights have been affected and are doing everything we can to get them on their way as quickly as possible. We advise customers to check ba.com for the latest flight information." The airline explained that Heathrow Airport has mandated a reduction in flights due to the freezing fog weather conditions and Air Traffic Control restrictions. However, they are making steps to ensure that as many customers as possble can travel as planned, offering to refund or rebook passengers onto alternative flights and providing refreshments and hotel accommodation where necessary.