Tottenham's injury crisis has worsened ahead of their New Year's Day home fixture with Aston Villa as winger Dejan Kulusevski was ruled out of the clash and needs a scan on an ankle issue. Boss Antonio Conte has named Bryan Gil in the starting line-up instead, as Kulusevski joins several of his team-mates on the treatment table. Conte surprised fans by not naming the Sweden star in his squad to face Aston Villa on Sunday, but it was soon revealed that he was missing due to a slight muscle injury, which Sky Sports then claimed was in his ankle. He is set to have a scan on his ankle on Monday, though Spurs are hopeful that the 22-year-old will only miss one game with the knock and could return for Wednesday's trip to Crystal Palace. The Italian boss was also without Richarlison and Rodrigo Bentancur, as the duo returned from the World Cup with injuries that have kept them out of both of Spurs' Premier League games since the tournament concluded, while Lucas Moura also remains out of action. READ MORE: Man Utd set to seal bargain deal as £10.6m striker 'to snub two sides' Richarlison, who starred for his country in a central role in Qatar, is facing several more weeks on the sideline after picking up a hamstring injury in the quarter-final defeat to Croatia, having played on and potentially aggravated the strain he suffered in the warm-up to the game. Bentancur also remains unavailable, as Conte confirmed before the game that he is set for a scan to determine the severity of the thigh problem he picked up at the World Cup with Uruguay, while Yves Bissouma continues to partner Pierre Emile Hojbjerg in midfield. DON'T MISSBeckham snubbed by King Charles as England icon left off New Year HonoursMan Utd 'lose Saudi Arabia deal at 11th hour' as plug pulled after meetingMan Utd boss Ten Hag takes on second job at Old Trafford after Murtough talks “Rodrigo I think we have to wait," Conte admitted before the game. "Maybe today he’s going to have an MRI to try to have an evaluation about his injury. But for sure against Aston Villa, he’s not available.” Gil was handed his first-ever Premier League start in the absences of Kulusevski, Richarlison and Lucas, while Conte also opted to drop Eric Dier from the team that came back to draw 2-2 with Brentford on Boxing Day. Christian Romero and Hugo Lloris, who both competed in the World Cup final between Argentina and France, returned to the starting line-up for Dier and Fraser Forster respectively while Ben Davies replaced Japhet Tanganga. Spurs XI: Lloris; Romero, Lenglet, Davies; Doherty, Bissouma, Hojbjerg, Perisic; Gil, Kane, Son. 