 Details from Prince Harry's much-anticipated memoir, Spare, have begun being leaked after an early copy was seen by the Guardian and copies accidentally went on sale in Spain. Among the early insight offered is a remarkable allegation levelled against Prince William, in which Harry claims to have been physically attacked during a row and had his necklace "ripped". Now, eagle-eyed royal watchers have pointed out that the necklace in question might have in fact been gifted to the Duke by his ex-girlfriend and long-time friend, Chelsy Davy.  Harry and William's argument reportedly came after a discussion regarding the former's wife, Meghan Markle, who Harry claims the Prince of Wales called "difficult", "rude" and abrasive". Tensions then escalated, Harry writes, before William "grabbed Harry by the collar". He continues: "It all happened so fast. So very fast. He grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor. "I landed on the dog's bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me. I lay there for a moment, dazed, then got to my feet and told him to get out." But after the Guardian story dropped, Twitter was abuzz with suggestions that the necklace in question was the one Harry had often been pictured wearing – a silver pendant, attached to a leather string, allegedly given to him by Chelsy. JUST IN: Prince Harry breaks silence on 'sadistic' claim James Hewitt is father  Harry, 38, dated the Zimbabwean-born businesswoman between 2004 and 2010, with rumours of their romance continually dissected in public throughout their relationship. The on-off tendency of their connection was often described as being "turbulent", and eventually their time together ended – Chelsy later described her time with Harry as "tough", "scary" and "uncomfortable" due to the media attention. The pair clearly remained friends, however, with Chelsy even attending Harry and Meghan's wedding in 2018, smiling and waving, and is now married to one of Harry's old Eton schoolmates, Sam Cutmore-Scott. And now, eagle-eyed royal watchers have speculated that the necklace in question in the Harry-William altercation might have been gifted to Harry by Chelsy during their time together, as published by the Daily Mail. Harry was said to have begun wearing the necklace at the end of his and Chelsy's first year together and was snapped with it around his neck at a rugby match. Other times since the necklace has been seen include in 2012 when Harry was in Brazil, and again in 2016 when he was seen wearing it alongside friend JJ Chalmers at the Invictus Games, a competition created by Harry to offer competition for wounded or retired servicemen and women. Harry has been seen wearing the necklace since his marriage to Meghan, with the clear shape of the pendant on a leather string visible in pictures as recent as 2021. Whether this was the necklace in question in the William altercation is unclear. DON'T MISS:Meghan's body language shows a 'distanced Princess' - unlike Diana [ANALYSIS]Chelsy Davy’s ‘shy smile’ during Prince Harry speech [INSIGHT]Prince Harry's ex Chelsy Davy has baby with man at Eton with Duke [LATEST] This is not the only explosive detail to emerge from Harry's book, with more revelations expected over the coming days ahead of the official launch. Other bombshells include the King asking his warring sons not to "make his life a misery", Harry's claim that he "begged" his father not to marry Camilla, details of losing his virginity to an older woman in a field behind a pub and the people he killed during his time on tour in Afghanistan. The Royal Family has yet to comment on any of the allegations. Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10th.