Ilkay Gundogan has predicted the “toughest derby test in years” when Manchester City travel to Old Trafford on Saturday to face Erik ten Hag’s resurgent Reds. The City midfielder insisted the 6-3 thrashing at the Etihad in October has no bearing on the second all-Manchester clash of the season given United’s progress since. And, with Ten Hag’s side eight matches unbeaten, Gundogan maintained City have to take their A game if they are not to forfeit any more ground to league leaders Arsenal. “It is completely different to the game in October,” said the City midfielder. “Manchester United are in a very good moment right now, full of confidence, they are hungry and they want to win. “They recruited some really good players in the summer and sometimes it takes time but it looks like it’s starting to click between them so it’s going to be a very tough game – probably the toughest game in the Manchester derby for us in recent years.  “Going to Old Trafford is always special, it’s going to be really hard, and we need a much better performance than against Southampton.” City’s midweek Carabao Cup quarter final exit was a huge shock to the system in a competition Guardiola’s men have grown accustomed to winning. And in a season in which they had previously lost just two games, it is clear more will be required against Ten Hag’s men. “If you are used to great performances from the side then it’s probably more disappointing when you lose,” said Gundogan. “But sometimes you probably need games like that. “Obviously it’s very frustrating and hard to take, but maybe it was a good level for us to get back to efforts that have led to us to success in recent years. Looking to Saturday we’re quite confident. We have a lot of quality in our squad, hopefully Southampton was an exception. I know what we are able to do on the pitch – we all know. “It’s just about having the right attitude, being ready to take on every challenge. Right now, I’m confident, even though I’m still frustrated, sad and disappointed from this game. “And I’m confident we are going to show a different phase on Saturday in the derby.”