A teenager has shared his despair after buying a brand new flat, only to find it had about '100 things wrong with it'. Marcus, who did not want to reveal his surname, claims he has not been able to move into the shared ownership property because of the problems. The 19-year-old carpentry apprentice has been battling with housing provider Bromford to get the issue resolved, reports Gloucestershire Live. As a result, he claims he has been forced into doing some of the repairs himself while living in another property in Cheltenham. He said it had been a “terrible experience” since he got the keys to the flat on November 8 last year. He said: “On November 15 I contacted the sales representative in charge of my flat about all the snags I had found after properly looking over the flat. At this point, I had about 100 snags, with a lot of them being major snags like potholes all the way up my stairs and radiators not working.” He added that other issues included the skirting board not being level, multiple holes in the kitchen walls, damaged coverings and cabinet doors which needed to be completely replaced, a leaking boiler and a leaking letterbox. He said cabinets had parts missing, flooring in the bathroom and kitchen had not been fixed down and door handles were missing key structural screws. Marcus said exposed screws were sticking out of his garden fence, with the potential of causing a serious injury. He said workmen were sent out to fix some of the problems but failed to do the job properly. Despite his complaints, he said the situation had not improved. He said: “They still haven’t rectified anything and more problems keep popping up, like new radiators leaking.”  Marcus’ mother, Julie, said: “He is 19 years old, working 14 hours a day trying to fix the damage himself and working weekends to cover his bills. "Bromford has escalated his complaint but still nothing has been rectified, two months after he received the keys. “It is heartbreaking watching someone strive to succeed and being treated like dirt.” Bromford’s director of sales and marketing Catherine Jarrett said: “We’re committed to providing homes of the highest quality and are sorry that Marcus does not think we have lived up to the standards we set ourselves in this instance. “We have already rectified many of the snags he has reported over the past couple of months and our customer care team is in regular contact with him to discuss and fix the remaining ones as soon as possible. "We’d like to thank him for his patience and apologise for any inconvenience while we complete this work.” 