A mum has raged against US gun laws after a six-year-old shot a teacher. The six-year-old boy is in custody and a female teacher is in hospital with life-threatening injuries following a shooting in a classroom. After the shocking incident, a British woman carrying her baby was interviewed outside the school, where she railed against gun crime. "Ok, that's the biggest problem in this country. Statistics in the UK for crime is zero for guns, why is it so bad?," she exclaimed. “Why is there a 7-year-old with a bloody gun? Come on, think about it. Let's do something. We've got a new governor, let's do something, let's change it. “You've got a beautiful country. You've got beautiful people, but what's the problem? Guns. “How does a 7-year-old have a gun? That's what I'm p****** off with.” Speaking to WTKR, she then said: “I’m only here because my husband was in the military or otherwise, I would not have chosen this country.” Virginia police said a six-year-old first grade student has been identified as the shooting suspect at Richneck Elementary School in Newport News. No students were injured in this incident, which occurred around 2 pm, police said, but tactical teams were sent into the building. The teacher was taken to Riverside Regional Medical Center in critical condition. READ MORE: Idaho victim's father thought suspect would look like a ‘monster' The mayor, Phillip Jones, said the condition of the teacher, identified by local media as Abby Zwerner, was “trending in a positive direction” in hospital. Police on Saturday declined to describe what led to the altercation or any other details about what happened in the classroom, citing the continuing investigation. Mr Jones also declined to reveal details of the shooting, or say how the boy got access to the gun or who owns the weapon. “This is a red flag for the country,” Mr Jones said. “I do think that after this event, there is going to be a nationwide discussion on how these sorts of things can be prevented.” George Parker, superintendent of the Newport News public school district, noted the shooting showed how “we need to educate our children and we need to keep them safe”. He added: “We need the community’s support, continued support, to make sure that guns are not available to youth and I’m sounding like a broken record today, because I continue to reiterate that: that we need to keep the guns out of the hands of our young people. “I cannot control access to weapons. My teachers cannot control access to weapons … Our students got a lesson in gun violence and what guns can do to disrupt not only an educational environment, but also a family, a community.” Newport News is a city of about 185,000 people in southeastern Virginia known for its shipyard, which builds the nation's aircraft carriers and other US Navy vessels.