  Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen, 48, has firmly denied that a third party was involved in her split from ex Clive Owen, 68. The Yorkshire Shepherdess was married to her husband for 22 years before the pair finally announced their split in June 2022.      In a recent interview, Amanda slammed the suggestion anyone else was "involved" in her split with husband Clive. Speaking about how there was “no problem” between herself and Clive, she strongly denied the claims. "I’m getting on with my life as an independent woman, looking after the kids and my sheep,” she said. "There was nobody involved in the break up with Clive and I don’t understand why this is being suggested." READ MORE: Sopranos' John Ventimiglia 'heartbroken' as daughter Odele dies at 25     "There’s absolutely no problem between us,” she said of her relationship with Clive during her Mail Online interview. “It’s been a very amicable split and we continue to work together." Amanda and Clive share nine children together on a farm in Ravenseat, located in Upper Swaledale, North Yorkshire. The family has starred in multiple television shows, becoming TV favourites thanks to Channel 5’s Our Yorkshire Farm, which aired in 2018. While the famous couple announced they were going their separate ways last summer, Amanda has clarified that they will continue to put on a unified front in order to do right by their children and the farm they share.     Amanda and Clive met in 1996 and married in 2000 before finally deciding to call it quits in 2022. Between them, the couple share: Raven, 21, Reuben, 19, Miles, 16, Edith, 14, Violet, 12, Sidney, 11, Annas, 9, Clemmy, 7, and six-year-old Nancy. Last year, Amanda took to Instagram to share the news of her and Clive’s separation after two decades of marriage. “Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate,” she wrote. READ MORE... Monty Don and wife Sarah’s financial struggles made him ‘loony’ [INSIGHT] Stacey Solomon left tearful as she finally announces baby's gender [LATEST] Cheryl received 'sign' from Girls Aloud's Sarah Harding through radio [NEWS]      “This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family. “Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, without number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children.  Earlier this week, Amanda opened up about her family citation on Lorraine.     She told the ITV host: “It's not a big story. I feel there's so many people in similar situations. “That's the reality, we all have to get on with it. There's the animals to look after, the childcare." Amanda developed a love of the great outdoors from an early age, despite being a “townie” by birth. Since she was a little girl growing up in suburban Huddersfield, the nature lover always knew she wanted to be a hill shepherdess.   