The Buffalo Bills ended the Miami Dolphins' season on Sunday, with a narrow 34-31 victory at Highmark Stadium on Wild Card Weekend. Skylar Thompson took the lead at quarterback as Tua Tagovailoa was once again out with a concussion, but the Dolphins reportedly expect their main man to be back as their starter in 2023. Suffering two major concussions across the regular NFL season is not healthy, but the Dolphins are confident that Tagovailoa will not be affected, according to ESPN. The star quarterback for the Dolphins went through the NFL's concussion protocol two times during the regular season, with his final blow ruling him out of their clash against the Bills. There has been concern surrounding Tagovailoa's health, but it's expected to be business as usual next year, which means an ambitious move for Tom Brady could already be a non-runner. Tagovailoa has still enjoyed a positive season from a performance perspective, although knocks have kept him out of regular action. But he will reportedly get another chance in 2023 which means that the Dolphins don't need to act, with experts hoping he doesn't suffer a similar campaign of bruises. The quarterback will now have the off-season to focus on a full recovery after the Dolphins were eliminated from the playoffs, with medical experts confident he will be ready to start in 2023. Tagovailoa has been on concussion protocol since December 26, but was not cleared to play against the Bills three weeks later. It initially wasn't a good sign after a build-up of previous hits may have delayed his recovery this time around. But experts close to the Dolphins are happy with Tagovailoa's progression, and due to them expecting no issues further down the road, it means that one less team are in for Brady as he ponders his future. But American sports host Stephen A Smith sees Tagovailoa's situation differently, and on ESPN's First Take he claimed that the Dolphins star's career is in danger. "I think his career is in jeopardy. It's not just about what the tests show, it's about what the eyes see," Smith said. "It's a judgement call from someone, other than the athlete, about if the athlete should be allowed on the field. We are continuously taught that when it comes to concussion, it is that dicey. "This is serious stuff. And when you consider that, combined with his lack of size, how miniature he is compared to the football players on the field smacking him with their bodies and putting that collision on him. "And the fact he is in this situation right now, this is serious." Tagovailoa will be carefully examined in the off-season, but is likely to start in the next campaign.