Everton owner Farhad Moshiri reportedly has Wayne Rooney on his 'list of potential candidates' to take over the club should Frank Lampard be sacked. Everton suffered yet another embarrassing defeat on Tuesday evening at the hands of Brighton. It's left them in the relegation zone and only three points above Southampton down in 20th. There was some good news for Everton fans on New Year's Eve when they picked up a surprise point away to reigning Premier League champions Manchester City. But the joy proved to be momentary with Brighton battering Lampard's side 4-1 last time out. The Chelsea legend is now coming under increasing pressure with Everton now seemingly weighing up their options. According to The Sun, Moshiri has already drawn up a list of three managers he would want to take Lampard's seat. Rooney, who admitted to being approached by Everton 12 months ago, is once again on the shortlist.  He turned it down at the time as he wanted to try and turn things around at Derby, only to leave at the end of last season with the club still in administration following their relegation. Rooney is now in charge at MLS side DC United with the new season getting up and running next month. The former England international is joined by Roberto Martinez, Sean Dyche and Ange Postecoglu as other options Moshiri is considering. But Rooney is said to be the standout candidate among the Everton board given his stature among the club's fans.  Lampard is still holding onto his job for now and is expected to still be in charge for Everton's FA Cup clash with United on Friday. Speaking back in November, Rooney opened up more on his "dream" to one day manage Everton or United. He said: "Obviously, Everton and Manchester United are the two clubs who are really close to my heart so to manage one of the two would be a dream. I'm still gaining a lot of experience from what I'm doing. You want to learn, and I want to go into Everton or Manchester United, “I want to go in there and be able to give the best version of me. I'd be naive to say 'I'm going to go and manage Manchester United in the next year or so'. For me, it's about putting the work in and developing myself and if I do that and I do it in the right way, then I feel these jobs, these opportunities will come to me eventually.”