Airport security can be a nightmare start to a holiday. Shahzad Ali, CEO at Get Licensed and a security expert, explained how British tourists can beat the queues and why they might be questioned. Shahzad said: “It makes it so much easier and quicker for security if you prep your carry-on luggage and remove any restricted items. “Wear sensible shoes, slip on are the easiest, and remove any jewellery, belts and glasses. “Also make sure you have your liquids in a clear plastic bag.Take an extra 10 minutes to prepare your bag and make everything quicker for yourself and security.” Although queues may be beyond a passenger’s control, they can make the process simpler by ensuring they are prepared. Tourists should make sure their liquids are in a clear plastic bag measuring around 20x20cm before entering the security queue. READ MORE: Expats complain that Germans are ‘obsessed with rules’ He added: “Make sure your clear plastic bag isn't covered up by anything in the tray. Make sure your clear plastic bag and belongings are separate in a tray. “If it's seen to be covered or looks like it is hidden inside a bag, you are more likely to be stopped and checked.” In 2024, many of the UK’s major airports will use new security scanners which should mean passengers no longer need to separate their liquids. However, until then passengers still need to follow the current rules and ensure they don’t have any liquids in bottles over 100ml. In some cases, tourists might find they are questioned by airport security, either in the UK or in their holiday destination. Shahzad said: “Hold back the yawns. Excessive yawning, whistling, or even too much laughter have been reported as just a few reasons why you could be questioned by security, but of course it depends on the officer.” Security staff may be looking out for passengers who are yawning or laughing too much in the queue. Although this might not be the reason tourists are questioned, it can help to be quiet when passing through security. READ MORE: ‘Beautiful’ Cornish town is the best staycation destination Shahzad added: “Often if there is more than one security officer at an X-Ray machine, chances are one is a trainee, so the line may go a little slower.” New staff are likely to be paired with more experienced employees so lines with several security officers could move more slowly. Shahzad said that passengers could also pay for fast-track security if they are concerned about the queues. At some airports this costs under £10 and can be a way to beat the queues during peak season. Shahzad advised: “If you have a valid excuse and are in need of getting through quicker, just ask as you may be allowed to jump the queue. You might not, however, get sympathy from the others in the queue.” If passengers are in serious danger of missing their flight, they could try asking staff if they can go to the front. However, there is no guarantee that staff will agree to this so it’s important to arrive with plenty of time to spare. Tourists could try asking other travellers if they can go in front although this is unlikely to work.