Brecken Merrill stars on Paramount Network’s hit western as Tate Dutton, John Dutton’s (played by Kevin Costner) grandson. The young actor opened up about receiving insightful advice from his Yellowstone co-star and thanked him in a sweet tribute. Yellowstone became a worldwide hit after it first landed on screens in 2018 and throughout the years viewers have watched Brecken Merrill grow up. He first landed the role at just eight years of age and continues to star as Tate at 14 years old. Since his first appearance in the pilot episode, Brecken has spent a lot of time with John as the characters bonded together in the show. The actor lifted the lid on an introspective conversation he had with Kevin, which solidified his career choice. READ MORE: BBC viewers slam Naga Munchetty for 'car crash' Ed Milliband grilling Brecken revealed: “Kevin says, 'Do you really, like, wanna do this? Is this what you really wanna do?’ “I thought about it for the next month, and he kind of guided me to that area of, yeah, this is what I wanna do. This is my career. This is my passion.” Reflecting on the dramatic season one river scene, he added: “It's super cold. It's zero degrees, but I'm loving it. I want to be here. “I just wanna thank Kevin. I'm so blessed to work with such an amazing cast,” he added to Entertainment Tonight.  Fans will remember the jaw-dropping scene from the season one episode, The Long Black Train. Tate and John had ventured into the countryside together and shared a touching moment as the youngster learned how to start a campfire. However, the blissful moment took a turn for the worse after Tate went deeper into the woods and fell into freezing water. Tate took an accidental dive as he reached for a branch, but luckily his grandfather was there to rescue him. DON'T MISS...Jack Deam has stepped down from Father Brown as Inspector Mallory [INSIGHT]Yellowstone boss casts Morgan Freeman for new drama [INSIGHT]Yellowstone’s Cole Hauser drops exciting update about show’s future [INSIGHT] Brecken’s appreciation didn’t end there as he also took to Instagram with a photo of him posed alongside Kevin. The post was captioned: “Still buzzing with pride and excitement. I’m so blessed to get to work with such talented folks. “Here’s my annual height check pic with the big guy from back in July.” As thousands took the comments to praise the actors, Kevin replied to the post with: “Looking good Brecken.”  A fan @rosie_n_bellableu commented: “You are definitely learning from the best! Can’t wait to see where your career takes you.” @hcavinaw added: “Count your blessings that you’ve had the opportunity to work with such amazing talent.” @susanbevevino praised: “His win is a reflection on all of you. Congratulations. And you’re really getting tall.” A fourth viewer @crazybit2076 shared: “It's been awesome watching you grow not only in your height but your career. Can't wait to more growth in you.” Yellowstone season 5 will return to the Paramount Network in the USA and Paramount+ in the UK in the summer. 