Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp is in dire need of changing things up at Merseyside and fast to avoid a mini crisis spiralling out of control. Injuries have certainly taken their toll on Klopp's squad with both Luis Diaz and Diogo Jota long-term absentees along with several key first-team stars being out for certain periods. But Liverpool's problems have been there for all to see the entire season with Klopp's side unable to put together a run of positive performances. Confidence is clearly low in the squad and that was none more so evident than the humbling 3-0 defeat to Brighton at the weekend. Klopp bowed his head in an apologetic manner to the angry travelling Liverpool supporters after the game. Much of the frustration was due to a lack of change in the side from the team who had been unable to see out a victory against Wolves and ended up being fortunate to force a replay. Darwin Nunez was the only change - and that was enforced due to injury - with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain coming in as his replacement. The former England international has struggled to make an impact since returning to full fitness and reports have indicated that he's unlikely to be at the club beyond this summer. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Klopp has often given his youth stars a chance when things are going against Liverpool to help fire up the squad. Trent Alexander-Arnold helped do just that when he burst onto the scene in 2019 and Harvey Elliott is the latest youngster to take on an important role in Liverpool's squad. Summer signing Fabio Carvalho appeared to be the next young superstar on Liverpool's books to make a difference when he scored in back-to-back league games against Bournemouth and Newcastle at the start of the season. But he's turned into a forgotten man at Liverpool with the Portuguese sensation yet to feature in the league since the season's resumption after the World Cup.  Carvalho has that something special when on the ball to get fans out of their seat and he proved just that with a brilliant goal against Manchester City in the Carabao Cup last month. Due to injuries in attack and a lack of investment in midfield, Klopp is limited in how much he can change in his starting line-up to help kickstart a run of form. But in Carvalho they have a talented youngster raring to go who isn't afraid of the big stage. The FA Cup now potentially looks like Liverpool's only hope of silverware this season as their Champions League chances have taken a significant blow due to their poor form. It puts even more importance on this evening's FA Cup replay against Wolves and giving Carvalho his chance again in the starting line-up alongside Cody Gakpo and Mohamed Salah could provide the spark they need to build up some momentum.