Leeds United manager Jesse Marsch was quick to shut down rumours of discontent behind the scenes at Elland Road following Wednesday's comfortable win over Cardiff City in the FA Cup third round. The Whites managed to score five goals against their Championship opponents, with Wilfried Gnonto firing Leeds ahead inside the opening 60 seconds with a brilliant scissor-kick volley that left Jak Alnwick rooted to his mark. Rodrigo Moreno doubled the hosts' advantage after 34 minutes before Gnonto struck again, with Patrick Bamford adding some extra gloss to the scoreline with a second-half brace as the clock ticked down. The result will provide Leeds with an injection of some much-needed confidence ahead of their return to Premier League action on the weekend, with the Yorkshire outfit still battling to stave off the threat of relegation despite being two points clear of the drop zone as things stand.Marsch was left delighted with his team's performance against Cardiff but used his post-match interview to dismiss reports of unrest in the playing squad by insisting that everybody is pulling in the right direction to keep Leeds in England's top flight for at least another season."There were some reports, ridiculous reports, this week that the players were against me," fumed Marsch. "This is a bunch of BS! Here we have totally been together from day one and that's one of the things I love about being here. JUST IN: Man Utd coaching staff's reaction to Casemiro booking speaks volumes "We're so unified on the inside from top to bottom. So, you know, I just want the players to be rewarded for their work and for their belief and that's what we got today."Marsch went on to explain in his press conference that Leeds have worked hard on increasing team cohesion in recent months and are finally starting to see the fruits of their labour, telling reporters: "It's about trying to demand that we do the things that we want to do and achieve the tactical things that we want to achieve at the highest level. "That creates confidence within the group because they understand the connections with each other. So that is coming together and the commitment to do that over and over and over and over again is getting better and better and better."So, again, I know I've taken a lot of criticism, in some ways rightfully so, but I've felt internally that we've been moving ourselves definitely in the right direction." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.