Chelsea plan to lure exciting French wing-back Malo Gusto from Lyon this month as they ditch their attempts to sign Denzel Dumfries, according to reports. The Blues have long been linked with Inter Milan and Holland star Dumfries, but will now go all-out to sign Gusto for three reasons. Stamford Bridge chiefs know they must sign a back-up to Reece James despite the England ace soon returning from injury. James’ absence has shown the lack of depth Chelsea have at wing-back, with Trevoh Chalobah, Cesar Azpilicueta and Conor Gallagher struggling to fill-in. The west Londoners have earmarked France U21 defender Gusto as the ideal second-choice to James. The 19-year-old is at the right age to make an immediate impact but also continue to develop into a top Premier League player. Chelsea also believe that Gusto possesses a profile that is similar to that of James. He is an attack-minded full-back who boasts excellent athleticism, pace and is technically adept. JUST IN: Man Utd have Chelsea to blame as January deal for £22m Disasi unlikely Finally, the necessity to provide back-up to James has been proved by Chelsea’s recent form. Graham Potter’s side have been exposed on their right-hand side while the 23-year-old has been absent with a knee injury he first suffered prior to the World Cup, and then made worse on his comeback appearance against Bournemouth. According to the Daily Telegraph, Chelsea are lining up a January bid for Gusto. Lyon do not want to sell their prized youngster and would rather keep the teenager until the end of the season. Chelsea’s strong financial muscle means they are confident they can strike a deal, though. Co-owner Todd Boehly is nearing hitting the £500million mark for spending this season, as his eye-watering outlay continues. Potter said at the weekend that more new signings were not a guarantee following the January arrivals of four new players. However, the report continues that a right-back and a fresh midfielder could still be signed before next Tuesday’s deadline. DON'T MISS...Chelsea ace Mudryk backed to surpass Hazard after exciting debutTransfer news LIVE - Chelsea revisit Fernandez, Arsenal deal agreedArsenal target Rice given two reasons to pick Gunners over Chelsea Chelsea have spent £450m since the start of the summer transfer window and it is not inconceivable that a right-back and midfielder will take that total above £500m. The Premier League side have spent around £200m in January alone, having acquired Mykhaylo Mudryk, Benoit Badiashile, David Datro Fofana, Noni Madueke and Andrey Santos this month. Potter has hinted that he does not get much say on incoming players. He said before Saturday’s goalless draw with Liverpool: “I don’t think it’s as simple as saying they’re mine. For the head coach, it’s very difficult to also have command over these targets and have a list of players that are ‘yours’. “I think my job is to support the club, which is a recruitment team, ownership group, whether it’s transfers, daily environment, or winning matches. It’s a club, we’re trying to win together as a club. Whilst I have an input on everything, I’m not the guy that sits in a room and decides everything.”