Rhys, 16, joined the drama for its first series back in 2014. It's clear from the series three episodes which have aired already, the conclusion of Happy Valley will be explosive for Ryan and his whole family, and theories about what might happen in the popular BBC drama continue to swirl. Addressing these, Rhys shut down one particular rumour about the show having "multiple endings". Fans have been delighted by the series coming back on screens, and season three has seen a huge response from viewers. The gritty drama continues to attract a solid audience, and with new twists always emerging, everyone has a theory about what could happen as series three concludes. Acknowledging the strong fan reaction and their theories, Rhys admitted: "A lot of the theories are a bit stupid, so sometimes I do laugh." He added: "But sometimes when they're saying random stuff, one of them will list five different plot points, all of which happened exactly, and I'm just like…" READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row Speaking to BBC News, he continued: "I do not know exactly how it ends. "I did hear somewhere that they've made multiple endings, but that's not true. "What they've done is, as a lot of shows do - there is one ending, but they've filmed it in different ways, different ways of how characters say things, the emotions behind them, the angles, the framing, because how much that stuff can affect a scene is more than most people would think." The latest episode saw evil Tommy Lee Royce (played by James Norton) escaping prison as he fled his court hearing. The dangerous man has a gang of ruthless criminals helping him, and it's clear Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire) could be in trouble. With her daughter's rapist and Ryan's father on the run, she's at risk of him seeking revenge against her. Viewers are dying to find out exactly what will happen, and as Rhys alluded, lots of speculation is out there. However, it seems there is a clear ending to the series which has been decided. DON'T MISS... Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'amazing' writer Sally Wainwright [LATEST]Sunday Brunch viewers 'switch off' as they blast line up [REACTION]The Masked Singer fans 'expose' identity of Jellyfish as BGT star [THEORY] With Rhys making clear there are no "multiple endings," it seems producers know exactly what fate is going to befall the beloved characters. One popular theory doing the rounds is Richard Cawood (Derek Riddell) getting killed by Tommy and his gang of thugs rather than Catherine. Fans on Reddit have suggested perhaps Catherine's recent warnings to her ex-husband foreshadow his untimely death. The journalist has been following the "untouchable" case of the Knezevic brothers, who helped Tommy escape. The well-known crime lords are responsible for all sorts of incidents in the West Yorkshire town, but Richard is determined to find something on them to make sure justice is served. Catherine has urged Richard to watch his back when dealing with the notorious criminals. He was present at the court case from which Tommy was able to free himself - could Richard try to track him down and end up getting killed? Happy Valley continues on Sunday at 9pm on BBC One.