Terrence O’Hara died on December 5 in Los Angeles, USA, following a five-year battle with cancer, his family confirmed. O’Hara was best known for directing dozens of episodes of the CBS crime drama NCIS and its spin-offs NCIS Los Angeles and NCIS New Orleans. While a number of the show’s stars have paid tribute in the weeks after, NCIS LA star Medalion Rahimi took time out of filming recently to share her own heartfelt words. O’Hara directed a total of 29 episodes of NCIS LA before his death last year. These included the second episode of season one as well as the season four and five premieres. Rahimi shared a behind-the-scenes snap alongside O’Hara from one of the episodes the two worked on to pay tribute to him. The NCIS LA star began in a post on her Instagram stories: “Terrence O’Hara was a great director, a wonderful father (and) an incredible man. READ MORE: My 600lb Life's Paula Jones unrecognisable as she dons swimsuit “Thank you for making me feel so welcome to the @ncisla fam,” she continued. Rahimi concluded: “It was an honour and pleasure to know you and to work with you. Rest In Peace,” followed by a dove emoji. The actor also tagged co-stars LL Cool J and Bill Goldberg as they featured in the photos. Rahimi’s co-star Daniela Ruah echoed her sentiment with a similarly touching tribute to her former colleague in December. In response to O’Hara’s daughter's Instagram post confirming his death, Ruah penned: “A mentor, friend and greater encourager. “Sailor mouth and all… which was actually what I looked forward to when I knew he was directing us next. “The best. Truly the best. And such a proud pops of yours… To Big T,” she signed off alongside a love heart emoji. Former NCIS LA stalwart Renee Felice Smith also shared her condolences as she replied: “Your dad was my absolute favourite,” followed by a series of love heart and praying emojis. DON'T MISS:Yellowstone's Teeter star admits she was 'bummed' over bunkhouse exitNCIS Hawaii's Vanessa Lachey confirms return of fan-favourite starBlue Bloods fans in meltdown as fan-favourite star's return confirmed O’Hara accrued 56 directing credits for his work on the flagship drama as well as four credits for NOLA. His CV also boasts a number of stints on some of the USA’s biggest and best-loved TV series. According to IMDb, O’Hara took his spot behind the camera for half a dozen episodes of NBC’s James Spader-led drama, The Blacklist. Elsewhere, O’Hara worked alongside the likes of David Giuntoli, Russell Hornsby and Elizabeth Tulloch on Grimm. NCIS LA returns to screens this weekend following its winter hiatus from CBS viewers' screens. Then on Monday, the likes of Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) and G Callen (Chris O'Donnell) will team up with NCIS' Nick Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) and NCIS Hawaii's Jane Tennant (Vanessa Lachey) in the historic crossover event. Rahimi will also be involved after being pictured alongside the cast and crew months ago. NCIS LA season 14 returns to CBS on Sunday, January 8 in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.