Ronnie O'Sullivan has often voiced his controversial opinions off the cuff and previously tore into Prince Harry - accusing him of 'running away' to America with wife Meghan Markle. The Duke of Sussex's controversial book 'Spare' was released today, and the Rocket has previously linked himself to dealing with pressure more like Prince William.  During his long career, O'Sullivan has been outspoken on a range of topics and was asked in 2020 what his thoughts were on Prince Harry and wife Meghan moving to California after falling out with the Royal Family. Speaking during a wide-ranging interview at the world championships, O'Sullivan said: "Prince Harry has done a runner. He doesn’t want the spotlight. "I’ve been trying to do that all my life. That’s why you don’t see me at the venue much. I try to keep as much privacy as I can.” However, O'Sullivan has been unable to escape the media spotlight since turning professional aged just 16 and has previously spoken about his mental health difficulties. The snooker great previously compared himself to Prince William - who is first in line to the throne. READ MORE: Prince Harry's Megxit memoir Spare creates frenzy as fans flock to buy copies at midnight   The seven-time Masters champion added: “I’ve had pressure since the age of 10 or 11. An expectation level that I’d be a champion one day. “So, I suppose in many ways, it’s like Prince William being groomed to be King. If you said to me: ‘Would you want Prince William’s role?’ I wouldn’t know where to begin. “But he has had it since a child and it has become natural I suppose. For me, that’s the same metaphor for snooker. I’ve learned to deal with pressure, playing under pressure in the amateur and pro ranks.” DON'T MISS:Ronnie O'Sullivan sparks jeers from crowd with typical comment after Masters winRonnie O'Sullivan breaks silence on snooker match-fixing scandal after Masters victorySnooker icon Ronnie O'Sullivan was once banned for assault and lost title due to drugs Often hailed as a genius and regarded by many as the best snooker player ever, the Rocket has also battled drink, drugs, anxiety and depression. Back in 2013, O'Sullivan claimed it would be a “disgrace” for someone like him to receive a Royal honour. O'Sullivan previously said: “As long as I am loved by my fans and my public, and when I die people might still have a look on YouTube and say, ‘This guy played the game better than anyone who ever played,’ then for me that is better than any MBE, any knighthood or anything anyone could possibly give me." Despite his comments the Rocket was given an OBE for his service to snooker in 2016. 