Winter weather can create a struggle for those trying to keep their gardens in a healthy condition due to increased rainfall, frost and a lack of sunlight. However, gardening experts have shared helpful tips to follow now to ensure the grass “thrives” during January. This ranges from how often to mow the lawn and how to feed the grass. A spokesperson for Garden Buildings Direct said: “It’s vital for gardeners to look after their grass in the winter months, as the change in weather can create harmful conditions for the soil and lead to an unpleasant appearance. “Maintenance is key to keeping your grass green in the colder months, but it’s also important to use these simple methods if you want to achieve perfectly green grass. “We’ve found six useful ways for homeowners to revitalise their garden’s look and make their grass greener than ever.” To strengthen the lawn and maintain the “perfect” green colour, gardeners should regularly apply fertiliser throughout the winter months to improve the overall grass quality. READ MORE: ‘Foolproof’ cleaning method to keep Venetian blinds ‘spotless’ The pros added: “During the colder season, you should increase the amount of fertiliser you use to help prevent any disease caused by the rougher weather.” The experts recommended mowing the lawn every three weeks, even during the winter months when it is frosty. They explained: “It’s important to keep the grass at a sensible length between 1.5 to 2 inches, or 2.5 depending on how well your grass reacts to being mowed (go higher if it reacts negatively). “Cutting the grass down too far in winter can lead to bare patches in the garden and inconsistencies in colour.” When it reaches spring, mow the lawn more often, sticking to the same rule for a lush lawn. DON'T MISS:Method to water orchids ‘correctly’ to avoid ‘root rot’ [EXPERT]Four ‘efficient’ methods to ‘kill’ weeds on driveways and patios [INSIGHT]Five interior design trends seeing a huge ‘decline’ in 2023 [COMMENT] Winter can also be a tricky time to stay on top of weeds due to the cold weather, meaning the plants will often pop up on the lawn throughout the winter months. Digging out the weeds on the grass and around the lawn can help to keep it healthy and fresh. This is because the lawn and surrounding plants won’t be competing for water, sunlight or food. The gardening experts noted: “If you’re using a spray to remove the weeds, make sure not to spray it on the grass as this can ruin its condition and it will stand out like a sore thumb in an otherwise green garden.” According to the pros, using coffee grounds on your lawn is a “surprising” tip but will make your grass “beam” during January and February. READ MORE: ‘Quickest’ and ‘easiest’ method to ‘prevent’ towels smelling ‘musty’ Gardeners can use coffee as a form of fertiliser which releases hydrogen into the soil, providing useful nutrients for the soil. The experts recommended making it into the ground so it goes directly into the soil. However, try to limit the amount you use, as in some cases it can leave patches of brown in the grass. The pros continued: “To achieve an eye-catching look and colour in the garden, overseeding helps to fill in the gaps in the grass and will help thicken the consistency. It’s also a great way to help build up any patchy areas in the grass and improve the overall look.” Increasing the amount of iron in the lawn helps to boost the nutrients, which will darken the colour of it over time, helping to create a lush lawn. According to the garden experts, boosting iron helps to improve the pH levels, preventing any unpleasant colour changes. If it does get frosty over the winter months, it is recommended to avoid walking on it at all costs to prevent damaging the lawn. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), said walking on frosty grass damages each blade of grass, which gets brittle in the cold weather. It can even leave brown footprints, which take ages to disappear. If possible, lay stepping stones to prevent this from happening but if you do have to walk on the lawn, make sure to wait until the frost has passed.