An ally of Donald Trump believes possible 2024 challenger Chris Sununu has no chance - and has even compared him to Sir Keir Starmer. Speaking to Express.co.uk, former Trump adviser Jason Miller said the votes Sununu is hoping to gather "simply don't exist". Sununu hinted at challenging the former POTUS in the Grand Old Party (GOP) primary yesterday.   Of his ambition, he told CNN: “I really don’t have a timeline. I’m spending a lot of time naturally trying to grow the party as Republicans, talk to independents, talk to the next generation of potential Republican voters that right now no one is really reaching out to.” Trump, the 45th President, is the only Republican to have officially launched his campaign so far. Sununu joins a long list of rivals tipped to join the race, including Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, ex-Vice President Mike Pence and former UN Ambassador Nikki Haley. Miller, who worked as a senior adviser on Trump's 2020 campaign, told Express.co.uk: “The more the merrier.” He added: "To put this in perspective, however, Governor Sununu’s possible candidacy would be akin to a Tory candidate for Prime Minister running to represent the ‘Keir Starmer’ wing of the Conservative Party - those votes simply don’t exist.” JUST IN: Trump calls for supporters to cough up cash to 'send shivers down Biden's spine'   The Conservative Party contested two leadership elections last year following Boris Johnson’s resignation as Tory leader and Prime Minister. Liz Truss, who sits on the free-market wing of the party, prevailed in the first encounter against her eventual successor Rishi Sunak. Some Republicans claim Sununu has similar policy ideas to the former Foreign Secretary. GOP strategist Amy Koch told Express.co.uk: “Sununu would be a great addition to the GOP mix. “As a free market capitalist, competition is a good thing and the party is overdue for a real conversation on what we value.” READ MORE: Donald Trump brands Ron DeSantis 'very disloyal' as ex-POTUS kickstarts 2024 campaign When asked about Sununu’s chances, she added: “I think it’s a tough road but not impossible.” A former Trump campaign insider also appeared to welcome Sununu’s potential candidacy. The source told Express.co.uk: “Sununu is the sleeper that no one is paying attention to right now and they really should.” The ex-Trump staffer suggested Sununu’s experience in New Hampshire, which is a purple state, could bring other parts of New England into play for the Republican Party, including Connecticut, Maine and Massachusetts. They added: “Sununu changes the electoral college board. No one is thinking about that. They are looking at DeSantis and Mar-a-Lago.” New Hampshire is a key early-voting state in the Republican primary race and Trump addressed Granite State Republicans on Saturday as he kickstarted his 2024 campaign. DON'T MISS:Trump more 'angry and committed' than ever as ex-POTUS kickstarts bid [INSIGHT]Trump 'promising things he can't deliver' as GOP insider predicts loss [REVEALED]Trump warns US on 'brink' of WW3 as ex-POTUS hits campaign trail in SC [SPOTLIGHT] However, in a blow to Sununu, a GOP fundraiser claimed there was little detectable support for the 48-year-old among party donors. When asked if potential donors were voicing support for him, Republican political consultant Noelle Nikpour told Express.co.uk: “I've heard nothing whatsoever. “The only thing I hear is DeSantis. I think people are waiting to see what he does before they get onboard with anyone else.” A recent Echelon Insights opinion poll revealed Sununu was struggling to win over support from Republicans, with the New Hampshire Governor failing to register even one percent of the vote. The poll also suggested Trump would narrowly defeat DeSantis by two percent in a crowded field but lose by five points in a head-to-head race. A separate survey for the New Hampshire Journal indicated Sununu has the backing of around 13 percent of Granite State Republicans, putting him in third place behind Trump on 37 percent and DeSantis on 26 percent.