Melania Trump was not present as Donald Trump began his 2024 White House bid this past week in New Hampshire and South Carolina. The former-First Lady has often supported her husband in person during his past election campaigns, but not this weekend. Melania was last seen in public with her husband on New Year's Eve, at an event in Mar-a-Lago. This weekend Donald Trump appeared alone with no members of his family as he attended two events, the first since he launched his bid to run for president again. The former First Lady has been noticeable by her absence, leaving a number of Twitter users to remark on her whereabouts. Responding to Trump's speech at the NH Rep State Committee Meeting, one user @marose111 asked: "Where is Melania? She doesn’t want any part of his circus shows?" One @katnisd responded to ATC for American founder Brigitte Gabriel who remarked: "Everyone I talk to always mentions how much they miss Melania Trump being in the White House." 'Katnisd' asked: "Where is Melania these days?" Yesterday, after Melania's absence from her husband's side over the weekend, Fata Morgana asked: "Where is Melania?" Another @groundsforsanity, asked: "Where the hell is Melania? We never see her." READ MORE: Melania Trump 'very upset' over White House guests spotting her 'walking around in a robe'  Melania has also been very quiet on her social media account in recent months. Her last post on Instagram on January 16 celebrated Martin Luther King Jr Day, with a tribute to the human rights leader. Previous to that, her last post was a picture of an illustrated Christmas wreath on Christmas Day. The last image Melania posted of herself was on December 14th, when she posted with children and a Santa Claus entertainer at a children's home. Melania has vocalised support for her husband's latest election campaign. In an interview last year she told Breitbart: "I support my husband’s decision to run for president of this wonderful Nation. "His achievements during his administration had a great effect on all of us, and he can lead us toward success and prosperity again. I await the day when my husband returns to lead an America that is characterized by peace, love, and security." Express contacted Trump's campaign team to enquire as to the reason for Melania's absence this weekend.  DON'T MISSRon DeSantis' wife's name isn't actually 'Casey' [INSIGHT] Ron DeSantis teases his 2024 White House run [US POLITICS] 'Best way to cover grey hairs': Trichologist shares key advice [HAIR] Melania Trump is thought to live at the Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Florida, owned by her husband. It is also Trump's primary residence. The home, which the former president bought for $10 million, operates as a private gold club. The Trump family has private quarters on the expansive grounds. Designated as a National Historic Landmark, Mar-a-Lago has a whopping 58 bedrooms and 33 bathrooms. Living here makes Melania neighbors with Donald Trump Jr., her husband's eldest son. He lives in a home in Jupiter, Florida, about 20 minutes from Mar-a-Lago, with his fiance Kimberly Guilfoyle.