Stacey Slater (played by Lacey Turner) was gobsmacked and heartbroken to find out from doctors that Lily (Lillia Turner) is expecting a baby. She had no inkling Lily had been had any kind of relationship, so the news was almost unbelievable to her. Since the EastEnders scene aired, viewers of the BBC soap have come up with theories on who the father is, and eventually Lily told Stacey it was Ricky "Jr" Mitchell (Frankie Day), but some fans remain unconvinced, with others predicting a more sinister theory involving her grandmother's partner, Harvey Monroe (Ross Boatman). Several theories have been doing the rounds with fans, with some speculating Lily could be covering for someone else, such as Davinder "Nugget" Gulati (Juhaim Rasul Choudhury) or Denzel Danes (Jaden Ladega). The Denzel theory is popular as Lily's ex-best friend Amy Mitchell (Ellie Dadd) is dating Denzel and the revelation would be even more explosive. Others predict Lily had lied about the father because she was in fact groomed by an older man. One dark suggestion is that Jean Slater's (Gillian Wright) boyfriend Harvey has been grooming the schoolgirl. READ MORE: Denise Welsh erupts over claims Harry trashing royals 'for money' One Facebook user wrote: "If it is one of the boys then either nugget or Amy's boyfriend, but if abuse from older guy then either Freddie or Harvey but really hope not." (sic) Another penned: "I don't believe Ricky is the dad, I'm having bad thoughts that it's Harvey. "We don't know him very well, and he hasn't been the same in a long time since Dotty. "And makes me wonder if that's why he was with Jean in the first place. "I think this is an abuse storyline I hope it ain't but it's all about awareness." (sic) Agreeing, another fan commented: "Yes and I see that there's a big story for martin and Stacy coming…" Another shared: "I know this is far fetched but my theory is it’s Harvey’s baby… when he was talking to Jean when was sick, when it was announced it showed the young lads And Harvey in the cafe and also think she’s lying to protect Jean incase she has another episode. I may be totally off but that’s my theory." (sic) DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden and Alan Carr suffered 'injuries' filming Italian Job [LATEST]Paul Burrell sparks uproar as he hits out at Prince Harry [VIDEO]The Masked Singer's Pigeon identity 'exposed' by Ben Shephard [THEORY] Meanwhile, Twitter user @mitchdavies1996 wrote: "Watching #EastEnders with mum and she thinks Harvey is the father of lily's baby." Reddit user Swordfish2869 remarked: "Harvey seems a bit off." Could Harvey have been abusing Lily under Jean's nose? Although it seems unlikely, it could explain why Lily was so against her grandmother finding out about the pregnancy. Lily has also always been very protective of Jean and is very conscious about her bipolar, so would probably not want anything to trigger an episode. When Lily found out earlier this week that Stacy had told Jean, she screamed at her mother and said she can't trust her. Later, when both Jean and Stacey were trying to get the name of the father out of Lily, her mum had predicted it was Ricky after spotting her daughter smiling at him. Could Lily have just said Ricky in front of Jean to make them stop asking her? Perhaps Lily was plucking up the courage to tell her mother the truth before Jean found out, and now she's desperate to keep silent. EastEnders continues on Monday at 7.30pm on BBC One. For advice and information on issues raised, please visit https://rapecrisis.org.uk/.