The unrelated massacres at a dance hall in a Los Angeles suburb on Saturday night and at two mushroom farms south of San Francisco on Monday have dealt a blow to California, which has some of the nation’s toughest firearm laws and lowest rates of gun deaths. The horrific slaughters are among six mass shootings to rock America just three weeks into the year. Kris Brown, president of gun control group Brady, told Express.co.uk: "The frequency and regularity of these mass shootings have left our country in a perpetual state of grief." Hours after the city of Monterey Park held a large Lunar New Year celebration, a gunman stormed the Star Dance Ballroom and shot 20 people, killing 11. Police arrived within minutes to a scene of chaos and carnage as people ran from the club in fear — and others lay sprawled on the dance floor or slumped in chairs at tables. The shooter, Huu Can Tran, 72, then drove to Lai Lai Ballroom in nearby Alhambra, where police said he tried to carry out a similar attack some 20 minutes later. He was met inside the door by employee Brandon Tsay, who lunged for the weapon and disarmed Tran during a brief struggle. Tran fled in a white van, where he was found dead Sunday morning from a self-inflicted gunshot. Just two days later, a separate mass shooting took place in Half Moon Bay. A farmworker, who told a reporter Thursday that his complaints of being bullied and working long hours were ignored, shot five co-workers, killing four, at a mushroom farm Monday, authorities said. He then drove to a nearby farm where he used to work and killed three more people. Zhao, a Chinese immigrant with a green card, told KNTV he bought his gun in 2021 without any difficulty. Officials have said he purchased the semiautomatic handgun legally but provided no other details.  As communities mourn the dead, some Democratic politicians repeated calls for tougher gun controls on the federal level.  READ MORE: Father Brown’s star details ‘horrendous’ day on set Vice President Kamala Harris urged Congress to enact tighter gun laws, while adding a bouquet of flowers to the Monetery park memorial site on Wednesday. She said: “Tragically we keep saying the same things. Can they do something? Yes. Should they do something? Yes. Will they do something? That is where we all must speak up.” President Joe Biden also urged lawmakers to support a ban on assault weapons introduced by US Senator Dianne Feinstein.  The new year has brought a shocking string of mass killings in the US — six in less than three weeks, accounting for 39 deaths. Three have occurred in California since January 16, according to a database compiled by The Associated Press, USA Today and Northeastern University. As many as 1.5 million people have died from firearms in the US between 1968 and 2017 - more than the number of soldiers killed in every war the country has participated in since independence in 1776. Speaking about the tragic mass killings, Kris Brown, president of gun control company Brady, told Express.co.uk: “It is devastating that we must suffer through one mass shooting while we are still reeling from the last. “We live in the only industrialized country where tragedies like this are an everyday event. The frequency and regularity of these mass shootings have left our country in a perpetual state of grief." 