Chancellor Jeremy Hunt is probably as aware of the complaints about his stewardship of the economy as anybody and the various thinktanks, pollsters, members of the public and politicians (not least in his own party) who have lined up to criticise him. But, as he noted now, it was time for the Chancellor to have his say and the language from a man who was once an ardent Remainer may have surprised some of those who listened. Brexit "is essential" for Britain to be the next silicon valley and a global economic superpower. It may be because of the messages he delivered in his Autumn statement last year increasing everyone's taxes as he tried to find a way to bring down the public debt and inflation that he felt the need to tack in the opposite direction today. The core words of his speech were "optimism" and "hope" but more than that he took head on the increasing narrative that Britain is in terminal decline. In so doing it may be that Mr Hunt has turned himself into an unlikely Brexit hero. The "declinists" as he called them are essentially embittered former Remainers largely turned Rejoiners. Many of them will have been sitting in front of him in the dark basement of the Bloomberg offices where he gave his speech - truly the depths Rejoiner central if anywhere is. READ MORE: MPs investigating if the Ministry of Defence is shortchanging veteransREAD MORE: Zahawi tax scandal sees Tories fall to 21 points behind Labour The Chancellor though was able to list the many successes of Brexit Britain - not a story of failure for leaving the EU but one of success despite a war on the European continent and a two-year pandemic. Britain has more "unicorns" (£1 billion start up companies) than France and Germany combined. There are eight cities in the UK with two or more unicorns. Growth while not at the top is in the middle of the pack and above countries like France and Italy. The university sector is the second stongest in the world and the list went on. Mr Hunt told his audience that Britain can become the world's next Silicon Valley not hindered by Brexit but because of the nimbleness and freedoms provided by Brexit. There may have been one or two Brexiteers wondering at a conversion not seen since St Paul decided to take a trip on the road to Damascas. But in fairness to Mr Hunt, as he often points out in literally every speech, he was an entrepreneur before he became a politician. He understands the need for freer markets better than most politicians. READ MORE: Hunt unveils four-point plan to undo 'decade of black swan events' The five pledges on the walll delivered by Prime Minister Rishi Sunak did not include specifically delivering Brexit freedoms, which caused some constenation from Tory backbenchers in January. But if Mr Hunt's speech is to be understood as the strategic thread that links that links those five points, Brexit and the freedoms through deregulation and slashing EU red tape is what helps deliver on all those promises. Certainly the plan for growth now is dependent on the government pushing forward a plan that makes Britain more competitive than the over-regulated EU because it cannot compete alone on market size. If the big tech and innovative companies are to come here, as Mr Hunt wants, then it must become a more attractive destination. DON'T MISSLiz Truss gearing up to break months of silence ahead of Hunt's Budget Real reason Sunak's not sacking Zahawi and co despite Boris-backers POLL – Do you think Rishi Sunak is a ‘weak’ Prime Minister Critics like former Brexit opportunities minister Jacob Rees-Mogg though may like the new rhetoric on Brexit freedoms but will still need to be convinced that there is intention behind the words. There were concerns that when the current Prime Minister was Chancellor that he himself watered down Brexit opportunities at the behest of the Treasury, the very civil servants advising Mr Hunt now. Initiatives like freeports became far less competitive than they may have been. So while, Mr Hunt has injected some much-needed optimism and belief in Brexit Britain many will be awaiting the actual details behind his strategic vision which will not come, as he himself pointed out, until the next budget this spring.