From his early career on the puppet show Spitting Image to his creation of the ever-funny Alan Partridge, Steve Coogan has certainly made a name for himself. But, away from the cameras, Steve has spent many years living his life in East Sussex. The TV star's home is understood to be located in the quiet village of Barcombe within the Lewes District of East Sussex. The picturesque East Sussex village sits cosily upon the South Downs, away from the hustle and bustle of city life. Whilst Alan Partridge, perhaps Coogan's most famous creation, is firmly set in Norwich, it would seem Steve is much more at home within Sussex. He is not the only notable resident of Barcombe however, with Kim Sears, the wife of Andy Murray, being born in the town and William Nicholson, the Oscar nominated screenwriter, also living in the area. Located in the county of East Sussex, South East England, Barcombe is three miles north of the town of Lewes, nine miles north-east of the major city of Brighton and Hove, and 42 miles south of London. The ancient village of Barcombe is actually three villages in one: the original settlement surrounding the village church of St Mary; the newer village of Barcombe Cross, to which the villagers fled to escape the Black Death in the 14th century; and Barcombe Mills, an old water-mill complex on the banks of the River Ouse, at the bottom of the hill on which Barcombe Cross sits. READ MORE: Karen Brady’s quiet life in extremely wealthy and London district Barcombe is an ideal place to move to for those looking to escape to a peaceful area surrounded by beautiful countryside. However, moving to Barcombe does come with a relatively expensive price tag. According to Rightmove, properties in Barcombe had an overall average house price of £648,667 over the last year. The majority of sales in Barcombe during the last year were detached properties, selling for an average price of £790,000. Terraced properties sold for an average of £483,500, with semi-detached properties fetching £555,000. Overall, sold prices in Barcombe over the last year were 21 percent down on the previous year and 10 percent down on the 2008 peak of £723,777. DON'T MISSI used baking soda to clean my greasy air fryer - here’s the results [COMMENT]‘Brilliant’ 95p spray to remove tough oven glass stains in 5 minutes [TIPS]Damp can cost up to £5,000 to repair - use ‘cheap £1’ item to fix [EXPRET] The most expensive property currently listed on Rightmove is a six bedroom detached house, with a guide price of £1,750,000. According to the listing, it is surrounded by almost three acres of glorious gardens and land looking out over some of the “most exquisite” countryside. The lowest priced property is currently a two bedroom terraced house on sale with a guide price of £295,000, situated in the centre of Barcombe village. For those who love the tranquillity of a countryside location, homes in Barcombe Mills are cheaper. Properties in Barcombe Mills had an overall average price of £502,520 over the last year. The majority of sales in Barcombe Mills during the last year were terraced properties, selling for an average price of £367,225. Semi-detached properties sold for an average of £477,902, with detached properties fetching £846,192. READ MORE: Rod Stewart’s quiet life with his wife Penny in charming Essex town Overall, sold prices in Barcombe Mills over the last year were one percent up on the previous year and 10 percent up on the 2019 peak of £458,626. Nestled to the north of Lewes along the River Ouse lies the incredible settlement of Barcombe Mills. Known across Sussex for its stunning waterways, it is an important area for wildlife and the natural environment. This section of the Ouse is described as one of the cleanest stretches of river in Sussex, and is popular for fishing and boating throughout the summer months. Wonderful flowers can be seen along the banks of the Ouse as the sunshine gleams off the tranquil water. Swans are frequently found along the way, while cows and horses inhabit the farmland on both sides of the river. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Before moving to Barcombe, Steve lived in a stunning house in Ovingdean on the outskirts of Brighton. The country mansion near has two main claims to fame: while known for being the home of Steve Coogan, it also famously featured in a well-known novel. The author William Ainsworth, a friend of Charles Dickens, wrote the novel Ovingdean Grange: A Tale Of The South Downs in 1857. Ovingdean Grange dates all the way back to the 17th century and is one of the oldest buildings in Ovingdean. According to some tales, in 1651 King Charles II hid in the chimney breast for 24 hours before fleeing to France and, in those 24 hours, the King also apparently seized the opportunity to father a child. The TV star paid £2.45million for the Grade II listed house in 2011, and lived there for around six years before listing it for sale for £3.5million. The six-bedroom house is made up of three floors and comes with a courtyard garden, a cinema room, and a billiard room.