The popular restaurant has launched the ultimate cost of living crisis busting wedding and they've already had thousands wanting to say "I do". The team at Frankie and Benny’s have been astounded by the number of applicants, many of the lovebirds had their first date at one of the restaurants and want to celebrate their special day where they first met. Sasha Storey, Frankie and Benny’s Head of Brand, said: "At Frankie and Benny’s we believe nothing should get in the way of love! We understand that with the current cost of living crisis it may be hard for couples and families to prioritise paying for a wedding when disposable income has become so squeezed. We’re thrilled to help take that pressure off and throw an all-out wedding and reception, bringing families and friends together in true Frankies style!” Frankie and Benny’s announced on its social media channels that with disposable income at an all-time low they were stepping in to play Cupid. Frankie and Benny’s believe that money might not buy you love but it can buy you a free wedding reception with food, drink, a photographer and a special celebrity guest as a secret wedding crasher! The spectacular event called "With Love From Frankie’s", worth £10,000, includes a tailored ceremony for the lucky couple and twenty friends and family. The chosen Frankie and Benny’s restaurant will be decorated for the big day and the bride, groom and guests will be greeted with tasty bites and fizz upon arrival. The wedding party will be treated to Frankie and Benny's favourites and work with the couple to create their perfect Frankie’s menu. Anything from the much-loved garlic pizza bread with gooey mozzarella to the unbeatable creamy carbonara and the extensive vegan offerings. There will also be a videographer on the day to capture the magic moments. So long as you’ve just tied the knot, or about to, have a great love story, then you can apply for the free wedding. All applications need to be submitted via Facebook/Instagram by January 29, 2023. To enter the prize draw you must complete the following steps on at least one platform (Facebook or Instagram) during the entry period. Instagram: Follow @frankienbennys on Instagram, and like Frankie and Benny’s competition posts. Direct message @frankienbenny’s Instagram account and share your love story with our team and why you and your partner deserve to win this all-inclusive wedding reception. For a bonus entry share Frankie and Benny’s competition post to your story, and tag @frankienbennys. Facebook: Follow Frankie and Benny’s on Facebook and like Frankie and Benny’s competition posts. Direct message @frankienbenny’s Facebook account and share your love story with our team and why you and your partner deserve to win this all-inclusive wedding reception. The winner will be drawn from a pool of all valid entries received from both Facebook and Instagram and will be notified by private message from Frankie and Benny’s account on the relevant social media platform on which the winning entry was selected from. Winners will be drawn and contacted by January 30 2023. If the winner does not respond within 48 hours, Frankie and Benny’s reserve the right to draw a new winner. 