West Ham co-owner David Gold has died aged 86 after a short battle with illness. His passing was announced by the club on Wednesday afternoon as the Irons confirmed their beloved joint chairman died 'peacefully' in his sleep with his daughters Jacqueline and Vanessa plus fiancée Lesley by his side.  Gold, who grew up in east London and represented West Ham as a youngster during his playing days, was also previously the chairman of Birmingham City back in 2007 before acquiring a 50 per cent share in the Hammers three years later alongside David Sullivan. He also owned the company Gold Group International (GGI), who are the parent business of famous retailer Ann Summers. West Ham United joint-chairman Sullivan issued the following message on the club's website: “On behalf of everyone at the football club, it is with profound sorrow and a heavy heart that we mourn the passing of our colleague and friend, David Gold. “Of all our joint ventures, none gave us more pride and happiness than the day we took ownership of West Ham United, our Club, in January 2010.  "David had a long-standing connection with the Hammers, having grown up opposite the Boleyn Ground in Green Street, and represented the Club at junior level. He always wanted what was best for West Ham United, and his passing is a great loss for all of us.” Under pressure boss David Moyes also added: “I am extremely sad to hear this news and, on behalf of all of the players and my staff at the training ground, I would like to extend our deepest sympathies to David Gold’s family at this very difficult time. “Mr Gold was a regular visitor to Rush Green and always a source of great support and encouragement to myself and the players. It was clear that he had a genuine and sincere love for the Club and was a true supporter at heart. "He took a great interest in the people working behind-the-scenes and was always keen to help in any way he could. He will be greatly missed.” We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: express.co.uk/sport/football Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @dexpress_sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real time. We're also on Facebook @dailyexpresssport - offering your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day to like, comment and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express and Express.co.uk.