Corgis joined the Royal Family in 1933, when the Duke of York, later King George VI, acquired two for his daughters Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret, then aged seven and three. It was the start of a famously close association that would come to define the reign of Britain’s longest-serving monarch. A special free exhibition at the prestigious Wallace Collection starting in March will mark each decade of Queen Elizabeth II’s life with a single, powerful image that captures Her Majesty’s love of the hard-working herding dogs, who enjoy a reputation for being both dutiful and loyal – not unlike the late Queen herself. “When the Queen passed away last year, it made sense to pay homage to one of the world’s most famous dog lovers,” says Xavier Bray, director of the Wallace Collection. For the past two years, he has been working on a major exhibition – Portraits of Dogs from Gainsborough to Hockney – that will run alongside the special display.  “Dogs have always had a passport to royalty, in the UK and elsewhere, that allows for intimacy, informality and fun,” adds Bray. “What we also wanted to hint at is that corgis have been such a royal obsession, and something so uniquely British.”  For her 18th birthday, the then Princess Elizabeth was given Susan, by her father, King George VI, and every corgi she had subsequently was related to Susan through 14 generations. The late Prince Philip referred to the Queen’s relationship with them as his wife’s “dog mechanism”. At the start of the brilliant James Bond sketch of a parachuting Queen, filmed for the London 2012 Olympics opening ceremony, a troupe of corgis – Monty, Willow and Holly – led Daniel Craig’s 007 into Buckingham Palace.  Even today, the palace gift shop does a roaring trade in the stuffed variety. In an especially poignant twist, during her state funeral on September 19, two of the Queen’s dogs, Muick and Sandy, both pembroke welsh corgis, waited in the quadrangle at Windsor Castle as the funeral cortege arrived while being looked after by two members of the Royal Household staff.   Alexander Collins, assistant curator, was the dogsbody whose job it was to trawl through “hundreds and hundreds” of photographs of The Queen and her canine companions to come up with the shortlist. “Some are quick snaps; others are beautifully staged – what was striking is how painterly many of these press images are,” says Collins. “Whether the Queen is hugging and holding her dogs in her garden, or in more official photographs on her way to a state event, dogs appear scattered affectionately throughout her life. Photography captures these moments of informality.”  The Daily Express was given a sneak preview of the nine images. ●The Queen and her Corgis runs from March 8 until 