Part of interior design and colour expert brand Lick’s modus operandi is celebrating the creativity and individuality of every one of its customers, which is why director of interior design for the company, Tash Bradley, says she doesn’t often advise against the use of certain colours. “What I love at Lick is that we really champion the person and my idea of calm will be very different to yours,” said Tash. “Everyone's idea of joy and calm is very different. And it’s the same when it comes to colour.” However, there are some shades which she says might become “overwhelming” when used too heavily in a space. “You should never avoid any colour if you love it,” she said. “I think the only thing that I would say is any colour that has a very high saturation. “We don't really have them in our palette. Anything that has a high saturation, if you've got too much of it in a room so that it becomes the dominant colour, it can very quickly become overwhelming.” Bold shades such as an emergency red, for example, could send the heart rate racing if used too heavily in a space. “For instance, if a whole room was painted in red, you would actually end up feeling overwhelmed,” said Tash. READ MORE: Four garden plants to always prune in winter But that doesn’t mean you can’t incorporate high saturation tones into your home, instead it’s all about balance and colour matching. “If you are someone that likes these really bright, energetic, playful colours, just make sure that you balance it out with softer more muted tones as well,” the colour expert explained. One simple way of finding shades that work well together is by looking at the world around you. Tash, who has a degree in colour psychology, explained: “Go out into nature. Nature naturally puts the best colour combinations together. Go to a garden centre, go for a walk and you'll quickly see rich oranges with green, or you will see amazing purples with like a shade of green. DON'T MISSPest expert shares four methods to ‘deter’ rats from nesting outside [INSIGHT]Interior designer shares 5 home decor pieces to ‘avoid’ splurging on [COMMENT]Paint colour that is 'always going to work' in homes [INTERVIEW] But that doesn’t mean you can’t incorporate high saturation tones into your home, instead it’s all about balance and colour matching. “If you are someone that likes these really bright, energetic, playful colours, just make sure that you balance it out with softer more muted tones as well,” the colour expert explained. One simple way of finding shades that work well together is by looking at the world around you. Tash, who has a degree in colour psychology, explained: “Go out into nature. Nature naturally puts the best colour combinations together. Go to a garden centre, go for a walk and you'll quickly see rich oranges with green, or you will see amazing purples with like a shade of green. “Just go and get inspired, and that's a really good way for you to understand the colour palettes you are most drawn to as well.” Alternatively, she suggests taking a look at the colour wheel, an abstract illustrative organisation of colour hues which takes a circular shape and shows the relationship between primary, secondary and tertiary colours. “If you want to go for bolder colour pairing, the first thing you do is always go back to colour theory and look at a complementary colour scheme,” she said. “When you look at the colour wheel, there are three schemes that the colours will always work.” And if you are yearning to inject a little bit of colour, but aren't sure where to start, Tash recommends looking inwards. "The home is a very tactile environment," she said. "I know that Instagram and Pinterest are amazing [for inspiration], but for me, that's very digital and the home is somewhere that is not digital. "I always encourage my clients to do a couple of things. Look in your wardrobe, your wardrobe will very quickly tell you what tones you like because if you love wearing it, you're going to love living in it. "A great one is just literally going outside or to your favourite coffee shop, going into bars and restaurants or hotels, anywhere you can sit and get a feel for fabrics, colours, light and any sort of style that you are most drawn to. "I always recommend taking photos when you're out and about to get loads of inspiration. Go into nature, go on a walk, maybe even remember a holiday that you went on that you just loved. "Pull that all together and d very quickly when you get home you will see there's a common thread that links all of them together."