Flight attendant Esther, who currently works for Dutch airline KLM and has stayed in hundreds of hotels around the world, shared her number one tip: the high heel hack. Many people don't leave their valuables in the room safe because they are afraid that they will forget them when they leave. "Worried about forgetting something from your locker? Put your heel or shoe in it and you won't forget it!" she said. The flight attendant always puts a heel in the safe because she would never leave the room without them as she needs them for work, but when carrying more than one pair of shoes, travellers can place whatever item they think they wouldn't leave without in the safe, such as their jacket or coat. "The heel shoe hack is a great idea!" commented a traveller on social media with many saying they were going to try this next time they stayed at a hotel. The flight attendant's second tip was the curtain hack. Hotel rooms have blackout curtains but in some places, they don't close properly and guests normally "hate the light in the room at 6am" as many people said on social media. READ MORE: Flight attendant says Toblerone is 'easiest' method to get upgrade  An easy way to fix this is to use a clothes hanger with clips to keep the curtains together at night. Travellers commented on social media saying that it was a "really cool" and "smart" hack as this is one of the most annoying parts of staying in a hotel. Esther's next life-changing hack is to use the shower cap as a "cover over your shoes". This is a very useful way to protect the clothes from dirty shoes when you pack the suitcase again, especially if you don't have any plastic bags with you. Alternatively, the shower cap can also be used as a cover for the remote control. This is "very handy" as "those things are dirty!" the crew member said.  Esther's next hack was to use "your USB cable and charge your devices in the TV" if you don't have a world travel plug or if the one you have doesn't work. Finally, she said that there is no need to use the room key for your electricity and instead, guests "can also use any other card for this". Flight attendant Miguel Muñoz previously shared with Express.co.uk some of his favourite hotel hacks and said that he never goes to a hotel without his own "mug, salt and pepper, my own bamboo cutlery set and coffee sachets" as "some hotels don't give you any". "You don't want to get up in the morning, realise you missed breakfast and not have any coffee in the room!" READ MORE: Pilot urges elderly passengers to avoid window seat as higher risk In terms of packing a suitcase, he explained that he never "travels without" packing cubes, which are "essential" for him. "I always pack all my clothes in these little compartments I once got online. They are little bags or 'packs' as I call them to organise and pack your clothes.  "I organise all my clothes by day but you can do what works best for you. This is especially handy if you are going to move around or change hotels. "With this, it's very easy to just take out the things you need and nothing else. You don't have to make a mess and unpack and pack your whole suitcase every time. "Plus, more clothes will fit in your suitcase as they are more compacted," he added. By using travel cubes, the shower cap hack won't be necessary as one cube could be used for the shoes. Miguel added: "I would always wear the biggest jacket or jumper for travelling so it doesn't take up space in my suitcase. “I fold the T-shirts in squares. And the trousers, I roll them. If you pack trainers or shoes, place all your socks or underwear inside. “Also, anything fragile you should pace inside the shoes. Both to protect them and to save space,” the flight attendant recommended.