Kissinger spoke at the world Economic Forum’s annual meeting in Davos, Switzerland on Tuesday. His comments supporting Ukraine’s NATO membership application come a day before Putin is set to make an "important statement". During his talk, Kissinger warned that while Ukraine must be supported, Russia should not be alienated from the rest of the world. The geopolitical consultant noted that talks between Russia and other nations must remain open as the fighting in Ukraine continues. The 99-year-old said that Ukraine’s membership to NATO would be an “appropriate outcome” when the war concludes. In 2014, in the Washington Post, he wrote: “If Ukraine is to survive and thrive, it must not be either side’s outpost against the other – it should function as a bridge between them.” However, following Russia’s latest attacks in Ukraine in Dnipro, which have killed a number of civilians including children, he changed his message. He told the audience in Switzerland: “The idea of a neutral Ukraine under these conditions is no longer meaningful.” He added that as Ukraine fights to reclaim its territory, there could be attempts for peace negotiations happening alongside it. Kissinger warned that the West needs to refrain from directly taking part in the war with Russia, stressing the importance of it being welcomed back into the international community when the conflict is over. READ MORE: Stockpile of firearms found at homes of assassins The diplomat also issued a caution against the US and other global superpowers such as China allowing tensions to escalate. He warned that conflicts between nuclear-armed nations with increasingly capable artificial intelligence capabilities could be disastrous. He said: “Each side needs to consider for itself how the threat to human survival of the destructiveness of weapons, coupled with making them almost conscious in their application, can be dealt with.” Putin’s address on Wednesday will be part of the 80th anniversary of when Russian’s broke the siege of Leningrad by Nazi Germany in January 1943. DON'T MISS: Putin's nuclear 'tsunami' torpedoes could 'plunge UK into depths sea' (INSIGHT)Diana's therapist warns against 'venting all feelings to all people (REVEAL)Strikes mean Year 11 pupils have had one year of undisrupted learning (INSIGHT) Putin’s speech has not been confirmed by the Kremlin but was announced by Vladimir Rogov, from the Administration Council of the Zaporizhzhia region. It is unclear what the announcement will be, but a number of his appearances have been hinted at by officials and then cancelled last minute. Meanwhile, the UK Ministry of Defence announced on January 16 that 20,000 Ukrainian recruits will be trained in the UK this year as part of Britain’s support of Ukraine.