Manchester United turned down Martin Odegaard during Louis van Gaal’s time at Old Trafford, according to reports. The Norway international is set to start for Arsenal against the Red Devils on Sunday. And their loss has been their rivals’ gain, with the playmaker currently in the form of his life at the Emirates Stadium. Manchester United will go up against Odegaard when they face off against Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday afternoon. And, according to the Daily Star, the Norway international could easily have been playing for the Red Devils. It’s claimed that, after Van Gaal’s appointment in 2014, United tried to secure the youngster’s signature. Odegaard had previously visited the club’s training ground and was deemed so good the Red Devils didn’t even want him to go on trial. Instead, United advanced talks with the playmaker’s camp as they looked to win the race for the player - who was just 15 at the time. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big It’s said, however, that Van Gaal actually scuppered United’s chances of signing the current Arsenal star. Odegaard demanded to train with the first-team right away, believing he was good enough to showcase his talents on such a big stage. But Van Gaal was rocked by this suggestion and, in the end, United missed out. Odegaard would proceed to join Real Madrid, where he’d train alongside established players such as Cristiano Ronaldo, Marcelo and Sergio Ramos. And he’s now flourishing at Arsenal, having left the Bernabeu for north London back in the summer of 2021. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see The report says United also tried to sign Odegaard when David Moyes was in charge, too. Back in 2013, the Scot invited the Norwegian to the club to see how he would cope. And Moyes, who picked up a reputation as a ditherer during his time in the dugout, then opted to wait a year to see how Odegaard will develop. The playmaker is expected to start for Arsenal when they lock horns with United on Sunday, in what is shaping up to be one of the biggest matches of the season. And the 24-year-old has been in remarkable form this term, scoring eight goals and clocking up five assists from 17 Premier League matches. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking after Arsenal beat Tottenham on Sunday, meanwhile, Odegaard shed light on how he’d improved. He told Viaplay: "It’s about how we play and my role in the team and my focus; I’ve worked on it a lot. “I’ve talked a lot with the coaches about getting into the right areas of the field. “It’s a lot about the mindset, and a lot more. It’s nice that hard work pays off." And Rio Ferdinand recently hailed Odegaard by saying: "Odegaard is nuts. Do you know, what I like about Odegaard is his journey. “He was a child superstar at 16, bought by Real Madrid, everyone was saying this kid's the next. He might not be the guy he is now without that part of his history, "For a player to go on loan at a much less stature of club with pride and ego, you have to humble yourself, come back, build yourself up then go to Arsenal, take the captaincy and run with it. "I'd go as far as to say right now, he's probably my player of the year. “Haaland has done what he's done, he has been great, don't get me wrong. If Haaland eases up with the goals and Arsenal win the league and Odegaard continues, he's my player of the year."