Soap & Glory is one of Boots’ best known brands and shoppers praise its luscious bath and body products for moisturising skin. The winter has caused skin to feel dryer so its perfect time to stock up on some hydrating products, and luckily shoppers can now a bargain deal. There’s nothing that feels more nourishing in the winter than pampering your body with hydrating products and this bundle from Soap & Glory has been praised by Boots shoppers for being full of incredible products. With 13 products, the Soap & Glory Home is Where the Spa is bundle contains a mixture of skincare, bath and bodycare, and is currently slashed by £34 off on Boots. However, shoppers can save even more money off the set with this Top Cashback deal, which offers new members a £15 sign up bonus when they shop. This means that the Soap & Glory gift set is slashed down to just £17.59, saving a whopping £50.41 off its original price. The bundle contains its bestselling products including a full size Magnificoco Body Lotion, The Rushower Dry Shampoo, Clean On Me Hydrating Body Wash, The Scrub Of Your Life Smoothing Body Scrub, The Righteous Butter Body Butter, Fruity Hydrating Hand Cream, Face Soap & Clarity Vitamin C Facial Wash, Bright & Beautiful Radiance-Boosting Mask, The Fab Pore Pore-refining Mask, Speed Plump Intensely Hydrating Day Lotion, Soap & Glory Shower Puff and mini Heel Genius Hydrating Foot Cream and Magnificoco Body Wash. The deal brings each product down to roughly £1.35, which is an absolute bargain and saves money in the long run from buying toiletries. But you’ll need to be quick to shop the deal as stock is selling out fast. Here’s how you can redeem the deal. 1. Join Top Cashback and sign up here. 2. Search for Boots and select “Get Cashback Now” 3. Shop on Boots, add the Soap & Glory Home is Where the Spa is bundle or spend at least £15 or more, then checkout as usual. 4. The sign up bonus and cash back will appear in your Top Cashback account within seven days of your purchase. The cash back will become payable after the Boots returns period is over and they have paid Top Cashback the commission for your purchase. There are over 400 reviews on the gift set with shoppers loving how its an amazing gift that’s full of top quality products. MateA said: “A gift from me, to me! Absolutely love it, so many products, it'll last for a long time! Wish I ordered more! My favourite brand, and always such a bargain.” Hellsbells82 added: “I just love this set its fab. As a busy mum of three, it’s lovely to have this set and enjoy some ‘spa time’ there’s nothing in this set I wouldn’t use. Highly recommend it!” Cara agreed: “Love this collection of pamper products, they all smell delicious and the scent lasts long after applied.”