Kate Middleton has opened up on her "life's work" at a major event at the BAFTA headquarters in central London tonight ahead of the launch of her new campaign, Shaping Us. The Princess of Wales stepped out for the event with her husband Prince William to mark her campaign from The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood, She has described this campaign as her 'life's work', and aims to increase public understanding of the crucial importance the first five years of a child’s life. The occasion has seen Kate deliver a speech, in addition to those from campaign champion Rochelle Humes and Amanda Berry, Chief Executive of The Royal Foundation. The princess told the audience: "The campaign is fundamentally about shining a spotlight on the critical importance of early childhood and how it shapes the adults we become. "During this time we lay the foundations and building blocks for life. And it is when we learn to understand ourselves, understand others and understand the world in which we live. "This is why it is essential, to not only understand the unique importance of our earliest years, but to know what we can all do to help raise future generations of happy, healthy adults."  Kate also detailed the scope of the new campaign, describing it as a long-term project beginning with how a child develops and the importance of the formative years. She said it will go on to "explore in more depth the importance of a child's social and emotional world" and the significance of relationships and "surroundings and experiences". The Princess of Wales continued: "And of course, by understanding our own childhoods - what has shaped our own beliefs, relationships, behaviours and feelings - we, as adults, are better placed to play our part in positively shaping future generations." Kate concluded: "I want today a huge and heartfelt thank you to so many of you in this room for your ongoing work in this area. READ MORE: POLL – Should Prince Harry lose his place in the line of succession?  "Thank you for the years of dedication and your unfailing determination to advocate for and improve the lives of the very youngest members of our society. "Thank you also many of you in this room this evening for your personal support to me in helping develop my thinking and work on this issue.W" The Princess of Wales stunned royal fans at the star-studded event in central London this evening in a chic scarlet trouser suit. Prince William, who accompanied his wife, donned a blue suit and red tie to match the colour of this wife's own suit. DON'T MISSKate Middleton joined funeral for dog that 'saved brother's life' [LATEST]Kate dazzles in £1,980 red Alexander McQueen 'power suit' [PICTURES]Prince Edward not singing national anthem looked 'deliberate' - claims [REPORT]  Kate matched her outfit, which included an Alexander McQueen blazer retailing at £1,390 and low rise flared crepe trousers priced at £590. The princess wore Chalk’s Florence earrings, which are inspired by the the Royal Opera House’s auditorium ceiling. The earrings are made of walnut, acrylic and sterling silver, retailing for just £70. The London-based jewellery company is known for making intricate, handcrafted pieces and is founded by architect and designer Malaika Carr. The Princess of Wales last wore the earrings to the unveiling of the National Windrush Monument in June 2022. 