Prince Harry said his daughter Lillibet and son Archie were bouncing on his knee before his US prime time interview with ABC's Michael Strahan. The Duke of Sussex also said that he was very "grateful" for his two children and his "amazing" family.   The Duke also added that he was not "angry anymore" despite the number of negative comments he has made about members of the Royal Family and the British press in recent media interviews. He did admit that there were things that still made him angry but that he was able to control his anger as he was "exactly" where he was meant to be. He said: "I will focus on my life, my amazing family that I am grateful to have, my two kids who were bouncing up and down here this morning when I was trying to prepare for this. "I guess that was the preparation. "And, you know, I'm not angry anymore. "There are things that will still anger me but I'm not angry any more because I am exactly where I'm supposed to be." During the interview, the Duke of Sussex focused heavily on the role of the British media and what he argued was its negative attitude to his wife Meghan Markle. He implied that the media's attitude towards the Duchess of Sussex was based on racism. READ MORE: Princess Kate 'appalled' at Harry over memoir  Speaking in relation to the media's depiction of the Duchess of Sussex, the 38-year-old claimed that he was "naive" not to realise that the “race element was going to come in so fast”. The Duke said that he thought that it was not the British people who were prejudiced but rather the media. He said: "The UK is not bigoted, the British press is bigoted." In a moment of self-reflection, he also talked about the need to tackle not just overt racism but also unconscious bias, something that he admitted that he was not really aware of before his relationship with Meghan Markle. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry slammed as 'paranoid' and 'unhinged' [REVEAL] Prince Harry’s two bombshell interviews - key differences  [INSIGHT] Expert claims Harry 'begins to have doubts’ when discussing family [SPOTLIGHT]  The Duke argued that the British monarchy needed to modernise, particularly in relation to its understanding of unconscious racial bias, due to the key role of the Commonwealth. However, he heaped praise on the King of Norway and the King of the Netherlands, who he argued had “led by example”. He said: "I congratulate them for that, enormously. “And I don’t think they’ve gotten enough credit for what they’ve done.”