Gary Lineker joked that he wanted a new BBC sex noise scandal during Tottenham’s FA Cup fourth round clash with Preston on Saturday night. The showdown at Deepdale proved to be rather unspectacular in the first half as neither side were able to find a route to goal.  Lineker and the BBC were the victims of a practical joke when they covered Liverpool’s replay with Wolves at Molineux in the FA Cup third round earlier this month as pranksters strapped a mobile phone to the back of a seat in the studio before playing sex noises by making a call to the device. The noises were periodically played again and again ahead of kick-off on the night as Lineker and the studio pundits Paul Ince and Danny Murphy tried to keep a straight face and remain professional. The incident attracted plenty of attention, with Lineker even appearing on Newsnight to offer his take on it. And after Tottenham’s clash against Preston failed to spark into life during the opening period, Lineker cheekily alluded to the recent incident in the Black Country. “It's not been an absolute thriller has it,” said the ex-England striker. “I've started to crave a few sound effects in the background actually at one point. Perhaps to liven it up.” Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    Tottenham came into their FA Cup showdown off the back of a poor run of form. The Lilywhites have won just two of their last five Premier League matches since club football returned after the World Cup and only managed to scrape past Portsmouth in the FA Cup third round courtesy of a 1-0 home victory earlier this month. Spurs came up against a disciplined Preston side on Saturday, with the Championship team making life difficult for their Premier League opponents during the first half. And just before the players took to the pitch for the second half, Lineker again joked about the lack of entertainment in Lancashire. “You know when you see people just stamping on balloons for the highlights of the first half, it’s not been great. But it can only get better and so far this season Spurs have done that.” DON'T MISS Newcastle 'enquire' for Malcom as Saint-Maximin replacement found Transfer news - Arsenal make £60m Caicedo bid, Gordon fee agreed Klopp and Guardiola agree on Saint-Maximin as Newcastle star 'to quit'    Tottenham eventually broke the deadlock five minutes after the break as Son Heung-min curled a long-range effort beyond Preston goalkeeper Freddie Woodman and into the corner of the net. And the South Korea international doubled his side’s advantage with just over 20 minutes remaining as he turned in the box before lashing the ball into the back of the net, with new signing Arnaut Danjuma wrapping-up the victory in the closing stages courtesy of a debut goal. 