Manchester United have been dealt a huge blow with Christian Eriksen reportedly set to be out of action until April or May. The Denmark international picked up an injury in his side’s 3-1 FA Cup win over Reading on Saturday night following a tackle from Andy Carroll. With the clock ticking as the close of the transfer window approaching, Erik ten Hag needs a replacement. Landing one is a different matter, however... Manchester United signed Eriksen back in the summer, with the Denmark international arriving on a free transfer from Brentford. And he’s been in impressive form ever since, registering nine assists across all competitions and establishing a strong connection with Casemiro in the middle of the park. Now, however, United have been dealt a blow. After limping out of the 3-1 win over Reading in the FA Cup on Saturday night, the club have released a statement claiming the 30-year-old is set to be out until April or May. “Manchester United midfielder Christian Eriksen is expected to be out of action for an extended period because of an ankle injury sustained in our Emirates FA Cup victory over Reading on Saturday,” it read. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “Manchester United midfielder Christian Eriksen is expected to be out of action for an extended period because of an ankle injury sustained in our Emirates FA Cup victory over Reading on Saturday,” it read. “Our Danish midfielder was withdrawn in the second half of the 3-1 win, after being caught by a tackle from Reading striker Andy Carroll, who was later sent off for two bookable offences. “While investigations are continuing, initial assessments indicate that Eriksen is likely to be out until late April or early May. “The 30-year-old's absence will be a big disappointment to manager Erik ten Hag and fans, given the consistency of his performances throughout the season so far, making 31 appearances since arriving at Old Trafford. “However, there is hope that Christian can return in time to play a role in the final stages of the campaign. We all wish Christian the best of luck for a speedy recovery.” DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see And it’s a development that means United need a late signing. Whether they can get one at this stage of the transfer window remains to be seen. Funds are in short supply at Old Trafford due to the Glazers’ determination to sell the club at the end of the season. But one option that stands out is Youri Tielemans. Yes, it would involve the Glazers agreeing to release more funds. Something they’re reluctant to do, especially after bankrolling £200million worth of business back in the summer. Yet with six months left on his contract at the King Power Stadium, the Red Devils may feel a low offer is worth a punt. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Likewise, Marco Reus. United recently held talks with the Germany international’s representatives, with the veteran due to become a free agent at the end of the season. The Red Devils have a good relationship with Borussia Dortmund, having negotiated with them for Shinji Kagawa, Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Jadon Sancho over the years. And Reus would be worth pursuing, despite injuries often plaguing him during his time in the Bundesliga. In the wake of United’s Eriksen blow, the club are short in the middle of the park as they look to win all four competitions they’re competing in. Fred is good on his day but often prone to inconsistency. The same can be said for Scott McTominay, whose shortcomings were recently exposed in the club’s 3-2 defeat to Arsenal. And with Van de Beek and Eriksen now out, the Red Devils need to take action. If they don’t, their chances of securing silverware would be diminished. That’s something the club can’t allow to happen now they’re currently looking the best they’ve looked since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013.