Daniil Medvedev has explained how he will approach a potential Australian Open clash with Novak Djokovic after losing to the world No 5 in straight sets at the Adelaide International. The rivals faced off in the first tournament of the season with a physically hampered Djokovic coming through 6-3 6-4 in 90 minutes but the 26-year-old still felt positive following the defeat. Medvedev suffered his fourth defeat in a row and ninth overall to Djokovic on Saturday as the top seed in Adelaide won their semi-final clash despite needing a medical time-out in the first set when he felt something in his hamstring. The world No 7 had a late resurgence after getting broken in the second set but failed to break back and lost 6-3 6-4. But the third seed walked away feeling confident ahead of the upcoming Australian Open after what was his last match before the first Major of the year and admitted he had already learned from the clash ahead of another potential meeting with the Serb in Melbourne. “Great week. Honestly, losing against probably best player in the world right now,” the Russian said afterwards. “Of course, Carlos in terms of rankings because he's done amazing in one part of the year, 2022. He's first. But also since he's not in Australian Open, Novak probably best in the world right now. He won four tournaments in a row, five tournaments in a row.” JUST IN: Emma Raducanu addresses tearful ending in Auckland as Aus Open unclear   While the 2021 US Open winner didn’t want to see the nine-time Aussie Open champion in his half of the draw, he was still ready for the opportunity to prove himself against Djokovic once again as he continued: “Bit disappointed, but that's also positive. I felt great tonight, really great, that's good for Australian Open. But feeling that great, I lost. That's a little bit the negative. “So, yeah, hopefully no Novak on my side of the draw in Australian Open. But even if it's not the case, going to try my best and going to try to do better next time like I was able to do against him before.” Medvedev previously faced Djokovic in the final of the Australian Open back in 2021 and suffered a straight-sets loss but managed to flip the script a few months later in the US Open final as he was the one that needed three sets to down the Serb and win the title. And he was hoping to draw on the same experience of bouncing-back in the instance that they met again in Melbourne this month, explaining: “I need to be better. That's it. That's what I managed to do in US Open after Australian Open loss. Australian Open was kind of the same. I was on a 20-match streak I think, win streak. Maybe 19, 20, 21. I don't remember. I lost quite easy, to be honest. I was like, Wow, what happened? DON'T MISSFritz details reasons Djokovic must be at Indian Wells amid latest banDjokovic receives two advantages from Alcaraz's Aus Open withdrawalVenus Williams out of Australian Open after fresh injury from Auckland “In US Open I was like I have to do better, I have to play better, I have to win better, I have to do everything better. I managed to do it. In case I play him, that's the only thing I can do because, again, sometimes he's unstoppable. You need to play the match of your life to beat him.” While Medvedev has previously been downbeat following some defeats even when he has put in a good performance - including his three losses at the ATP Finals in November which saw him defeated in final set tiebreaks - the world No 7 was in a much better mood following his loss to Djokovic and said he was feeling “100 per cent” positive about the Australian Open. “I'm actually a little bit in a way disappointed that it was against Novak tonight because if it would be against some other top 10 players, which last year I had some difficulties with, I don't think I made a lot of top-10 wins, I think with the feeling I had this week, I could be back at winning these guys, winning tournaments,” he explained. “Again, Novak is different league. 20, 21 slams. That's all what we have to say. But generally positive. Need to stay positive because the first Slam is coming. Want to show my best. Want to feel great atmosphere like it was here in Adelaide. Looking forward.” 