Wacky footage captures a group of campaigners forming a conga in protest against "bizarre" changes to a road along a popular seafront. Some 300 protesters - including those in fancy dress - gathered along Clevedon seafront in Somerset to wave placards today, and wiggle their way along the wavy road markings created as part of amendments. The road scheme has seen a 400-metre segregated cycle lane installed along the seafront and the parking reconfigured. North Somerset Council has defended the layout and said the wavy lines are a design feature aimed to reduce unwanted parking and help the road feel narrower and reduce speeds. It also said the lines were due to be finished with a surface treatment in the spring. But Cathy Hawkins, spokesperson for campaign group Save Our Seafront, said: "The curving lines on Clevedon seafront are Mickey Mouse crazy. Causing confusion to drivers is never a good idea. "We are against the changes for many reasons and want the seafront to be put back to how it was. But we are primarily concerned about the safety issues, loss of parking and the effect on local businesses in the area who are 100 per cent against the scheme. "We received safety information from North Somerset that shows, in the last five years, there have been only two personal injury accidents in the whole scheme area. This is an exceptionally good safety record and suggests the expression when auditing road schemes, ‘if it isn’t broken, don’t try and fix it’." The RAC even branded the work one of "the bizarre new road schemes we’ve ever seen," reports Somerset Live. Ms Hawkins refuses to believe the changes will make the road safer. "Both accidents involved injury to non-motorised road users (one pedestrian and one cyclist), and the changes are likely to increase the potential risk for similar accidents of both natures," she added. The campaign group has also written to Secretary of State for Transport, MP Mark Harper, asking if there are any mechanisms available to bring the scheme to a halt and whether there are any precedents of which the department is aware, where similar schemes have been stopped or compulsorily altered because of safety concerns. A petition calling for the changes to be scrapped has collected more than 6,000 signatures. Ms Hawkins added: "We protested the changes on Sunday in the hope that North Somerset will at last listen and talk to us about our safety, parking concerns and the detrimental effect on trade for the local businesses. "We have begged them for over two years to meet and talk to us about this scheme, but they have always refused, and despite the leader of the council, Steve Bridger, saying that he will engage with the community and listen, he has failed to do so, even when we wrote to him personally to request a face to face meeting. This lack of engagement and our real concerns that the silly wriggly line making the seafront look like Blobby Land is dangerous for cyclists, motorists and pedestrians means we have had to take this direct action and have more actions planned." North Somerset Council has defended the layout and said the wavy lines are a design feature aimed to reduce unwanted parking and help the road feel narrower and reduce speeds. "It also said the lines were due to be finished with a surface treatment in the spring. A North Somerset Council spokesman said: "Safety is a priority and a road safety audit was completed when the scheme was designed. There will also be a further one undertaken when it’s completed." 