Since Prince Harry's book appeared days earlier in stores in Spain, it has emerged that Harry partially put some of the blame onto Prince William and Kate for the decision to wear a Nazi uniform to a party in 2005. Harry writes, in his new memoir, that William and Kate "howled with laughter" when they saw his outfit choice in 2005. Sources say that William and Kate's reaction came Harry phoned them to ask their opinion. Since this claim has surfaced, a former royal aide, who helped to handle the fallout and spoke to Harry at length at the time, said: "I was there in the middle of all of that, at no point did Harry ever say that to me". They added: "There was no mention to any advisers at the time that it was William and Kate’s idea or they thought it was hilariously funny. "That recollection did not exist at the time, contemporaneously.” READ MORE: Megxit accused of dividing generations and families over dinner table 'just like Brexit Another person, who attended the same party as Harry, has deemed Harry's claim as "bull****". This friend added: "It was nothing to do with [William and Kate].” Even days before the release, which falls on January 10, a series of claims made by Harry have surfaced. Harry also recalled a row that happened at his London home in 2019. READ MORE: Charles shrugs off Harry's bombshell interview as he's seen smiling at Sunday service Prince Harry stated that a "piping hot" William had visited his home Nottingham Cottage, which is located on the grounds of Kensington Palace and nicknamed 'Nott Cott'. After William described Harry's wife Meghan as "rude", "difficult" and "abrasive", the confrontation between the brothers escalated. According to the 38-year-old, William grabbed Harry and knocked him to the floor in his kitchen. DON'T MISS Prince Harry puts Meghan Markle and his children in 'immediate' danger [REPORT] Harry's royal revelations baffle Montecito neighbours [OPINION] Prince William told Harry he had been brainwashed by therapy [REVEALED] Aside from the memoir release on January 10, Harry is set to appear in not one, but two, televised interviews tonight, on January 8. At 9pm on ITV, Harry will sit down for a chat with Tom Bradby. Harry will also be interviewed by Anderson Cooper for NBC's 60 Minutes on Sunday.