More than half of people (53 percent) do not trust the Duke of Sussex to give a true account of his experiences at the heart of the Royal Family. New polling by Savanta ahead of tonight's television interview shows just four in 10 people (39 percent) trust him to give an accurate depiction of events.  There is strong opposition to his decision to detail personal events in public, with 54 percent of respondents saying he was wrong to do so, and only 34 percent approving. The research shows the Duke and Duchess's public relations offensive has failed to win the nation's sympathy. Just one in five of the UK adults polled (21 percent) said the Royal Family were mostly to blame for Harry and Meghan's exit - with 44 percent saying the pair bore most of the blame. The findings suggest the furore has damaged William's popularity. The share of the population with a favourable impression of the heir to the throne has fallen from 70 percent to 66 percent. However, he is much more popular than his younger brother, whose favourable ratings have fallen from 38 percent to 32 percent. The percentage of people with a favourable view of Meghan slumped from 29 percent to just 25 percent. The Sussexes may take some comfort from the fact they are more popular than Prince Andrew, whose positive ratings have declined from 13 percent to 11 percent. Overall backing for Britain having a monarchy remains unchanged at 55 percent, and leading royals continue to command significant public support. King Charles III's popularity is holding steady with 57 percent viewing him favourably - a rise of one percent on the past month. But Queen Camilla's rating has slipped from 40 percent to 37 percent.  More than six out of 10 people have positive views of Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge (64 percent) and Princess Anne (62 percent). Each is significantly more popular than Prince Edward (44 percent). More than half of respondents (53 percent) said they thought the Royal Family had a "poor understanding" of what life is like for people in the UK. Just four out of 10 said they thought they had a "good understanding". Separate Techne polling shows little sign of a public desire for reconciliation. When asked whether King Charles and the Prince of Wales should make peace with Harry, 53 percent said No and just 28 percent said Yes. 