Motorists with driveways are being urged to make use of key tips to help them keep safe and ensure they can prevent any buildup of unwanted winter weather. Snow and ice may appear beautiful, but they can be extremely dangerous to vehicles and people, especially on paths and driveways. Drivers can take steps to de-ice their driveway, which could involve a slightly earlier start to dedicate five to 10 minutes to it. They should ensure they clear away any snow first and then sprinkle rock salt on their driveway. People can splash some warm water to speed up the process and shovel any remaining ice to prevent it from freezing again. Other techniques have been praised in a bid to help drivers keep safe in the winter, as well as improving the quality of the driveway. READ MORE: Motorists can save on fuel costs by driving with a bowl of water If a person's driveway is made from block paving, it’s vital to keep topping up the joints between the blocks so they stay sturdy. When they’re refilling, first clean the surface and leave it to dry. They should then scatter the sand across and - using a bristle broom - brush the sand into the joints. Drivers should sweep away any excess sand, keeping the joints free of moss and weeds. This should help car tyres have better traction with the surface. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to prepare for ULEZ expansion to avoid high costs [WARNING]Electric cars will no longer be cheaper to run than petrol vehicles [INSIGHT]Fuel economy issues could cost UK drivers £1,000 a year [SHOCKING] Cleaning a driveway can reduce the need for repairing and replacing paving, with experts from Marshalls telling drivers to clean their paving every few weeks during the winter months. It should be kept clear of excess leaves during this time to prevent a build-up of dirt and debris, which can be done using either a pressure washer or by scrubbing it by hand using soapy water and a stiff bristle brush. Motorists should be careful when using a pressure washer. The blast of water potentially chip away at the paintwork of the car. READ MORE: Drivers faced 'most volatile' year with petrol and diesel prices Salt and harsh chemicals can harm the environment and harm any grass near or surrounding the driveway due to runoff. Salt and harsh chemical use may cause grass and leaves to brown or even die and can also cause damage to any vehicles. Many deicing chemicals contain ammonium nitrates and sulphates, which can cause a driveway to deteriorate. If necessary, a natural deicing agent such as sand can be used. The colder months can bring snow and ice onto driveways and shovelling it off is the best way to keep it safe. Motorists can make a clear path, which will then be less likely to encounter icy patches again. Anna Hampshire, Head of Marketing at Marshalls, added: “If you’re considering different materials for your driveway, you may be wondering which material would be most suited to the look you want to achieve and doesn’t require too much maintenance. “Concrete is a hard-wearing, long-lasting driveway material choice and can be finished in a surprising number of ways, as the poured variety can be stamped with patterns. It has a very long lifespan of four decades or more. “Whichever material you select for your driveway, the most important fact to remember is that this is what you’ll return home to for years to come. So, take your time, do your research and make the choice that’s best for you.”