Their FlexDirect current account offers savers five percent interest on certain balances and an interest-free arranged overdraft for the first 12 months with the online current account. The five percent interest is available on balances up to £1,500. This rate only lasts for the first 12 months and is only open to customers who haven't had an account with the building society in the last year. As the cost of living crisis continues there has never been a more important time to make sure people are getting the best savings rate. The Nationwide FlexDirect account offers: If someone has had a FlexDirect account previously then they won't get the high rate and will only be offered a lower interest rate of 0.25 percent. READ MORE: British Gas to E.ON: Full list of energy providers offering help up to £1,500  “Our current account members get access to exclusive savings accounts, like our Flex Instant Saver.” The Flex Instant Saver offers an interest rate of 2.25 percent AER/gross a year (variable) for 12 months. This is on balances up to £5million. Savers can withdraw their money at any time, and it is designed for savers who want to open and manage their account online using an Internet Bank or Banking app. READ MORE: Earn over £2,700 extra a month from your spare room - top 5 UK cities paying the most The estimated balance after 12 months based on a £1,000 deposit with an interest rate of 2.25 percent would be £1,022.50. This figure is an example and assumes: Other Nationwide accounts offer savers many benefits once they open an account. Their FlexPlus offers worldwide travel, mobile phone and European breakdown cover. Savers can benefit from travel insurance for their family, worldwide:Customers get worldwide family travel insurance, including winter sports, golf, weddings and business cover from UK Insurance Limited. Mobile phone insurance for the whole family: A customer's phone and those belonging to their partner and dependent children are covered for loss, theft, damage and faults by Lifestyle Services Group Limited. Vehicle breakdown cover in the UK and the rest of Europe: Whether an individual is driving or a passenger in a vehicle, they’re covered by the AA. With no excess to pay and unlimited callouts. There’s no need to register before someone claims. They can benefit from all the insurances as soon as their FlexPlus is open. It should be noted that customers will pay just £13 a month for maintaining the account.