Manchester United icon Rio Ferdinand could not hold back his laughter when he was told that Arsenal’s Thomas Partey is better than Casemiro, who has transformed the Red Devils’ midfield this season. The Brazilian joined from Real Madrid in the summer, and has been at the heart of United’s midfield improvement under Erik ten Hag, alongside Christian Eriksen. Though another holding midfielder has also shown impressive displays this campaign, as Partey has been a bedrock in the Arsenal team that currently sits top of the Premier League table. Previewing their show on Rio Ferdinand Presents FIVE, Ferdinand could not believe he was set to discuss the two players, and was adamant that Casemiro was the better player. In a video posted to Twitter, Ferdinand said: “I’ve just seen a graph, are you filming? I’ve just seen a graph or a table, or something. It says to us… you’ll see it in the thing, Partey or Casemiro, who are you going for?” When Ferdinand’s co-host Joel Beya picked Partey, the England man burst out into laughter and his chuckle could be heard over Beya discussing the reasons why, pointing to the Ghanaian’s statistics under Mikel Arteta this season. Ferdinand has previously given his view on Casemiro and Partey, where he claimed it was “not a competition” and gave his vote to the five-time Champions League winner. "Partey is a really good player, he's been really good. He's not the right player to play holding midfielder for Man United,” Ferdinand previously said. "We're talking about a player many rungs up. Many rungs. It's like saying before we had Fred and [Scott] McTominay in the central defensive-midfield position would you not have taken Partey? Well, yes, I would have, but what does that prove? All I'm saying is, we're talking about Casemiro against Partey and it's not a competition."  Though Partey and Arsenal do top the table, Casemiro and a revitalised United are fourth, level on points with third-placed Newcastle and a game in hand on Eddie Howe’s side. After the 30-year-old was slowly introduced to the United team, he has become a key player and one of the first names on the team-sheet. Though United may risk upsetting the man Ferdinand believes is better than Partey, after introducing a new rule following Cristiano Ronaldo’s departure that ensures all players will adhere to a new £200,000-a-week salary cap. The Brazil midfielder is one of six Red Devils that currently earn over the new wage policy, alongside Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane, Anthony Martial, Bruno Fernandes and David de Gea, though the Spanish stopper is in negotiations over a new contract that would see his £375k-a-week contract sizably reduced.