Priscilla Presley, 77, took to the stage on Sunday to pay tribute to her daughter Lisa Marie Presley at her public memorial service. She read out a loving message from one of her granddaughters, calling the late Lisa a "superhero" and remembering her importance in everyone's lives. Priscilla's speech began by thanking Jerry Schilling for his "beautiful" speech while telling the audience that she was going to read something her granddaughter "wrote for you all and this says it all". Lisa has three granddaughters from Lisa Marie - including Riley Keough, 33, and 14-year -old twins Harper and Finley. Her son, she shared with ex Danny Keough, Benjamin Keough took his own life in 2020 at the age of 27. She began: "The old soul, I had no idea how to put my mother into words. Truth is there are too many. READ MORE: Karren Brady says Camilla's 'unscathed' but Harry 'put a sock in it' "Lisa Marie Presley was an icon, a role model, a superhero to so many people all over the world. But mama was my icon, my role model, my superhero in much more ways than one. "Even now I can't get across everything there is to be understood or known about her. But she always said 'I'll do my best'." Priscilla then paused for a moment to get her composure as she struggled to keep in her tears as she read out a poem. She continued: "The old soul, in 1968 she entered our world born tired, fragile yet strong. "She was delicate but was filled with life. She always knew she wouldn't be here too long. "Childhood passes by with a glimpse of her green eyes. She then grew a family of her own. "Then came her second child, leaving her with suspicion. Could this be the angel that takes me home? DON'T MISS... Harry and Meghan's 'unwise' decision could 'ruin' King's Coronation [OPINION] Beyoncé leaves little to the imagination in gold number [PICS] Meat Loaf's wife admits 'huge part of me is missing' after his death [INSIGHT] "Time of course flew by, it was time for a tragedy. She knew it was close to the end." "Survivors guilt some would say but a broken heart was the doing on her death. Now she is home where she always belonged. But my heart is missing her love. "She knew that I loved her. I fear I'll never touch her but the old soul is always with me. She doesn't drift above. That says it all." Priscilla then thanked all those that attended while also crediting her brother for his attendance. She admitted her "heart is broken" and finished by sharing the "love" the world had for Lisa. Lisa Marie died at age 54 after she suffered two cardiac arrests in her home in Calabasas, California on January 12. Her mum, Priscilla Presley broke the news that her daughter had sadly died. "It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us," she said. "She was the most passionate, strong and loving woman I have ever known," Priscilla said in a statement. "We ask for privacy as we try to deal with this profound loss." Lisa Marie will be buried at Graceland on Sunday beside her father and her son, Riley's brother, Benjamin. Benjamin's resting place was moved slightly to make space for his mum, and Elvis Presley's only child.