HBO’s hit series Game of Thrones introduced Emilia Clarke as the fan favourite Daenerys Targaryen. While the show has since come to an end and premiered its prequel, House of the Dragon, Emilia revealed she had no interest in watching the show.  When Game of Thrones premiered, viewers learned Daenerys was one of the last Targaryen living alongside her brother Viserys (Harry Lloyd). She starred in the series until its controversial finale, Iron Throne which came to an end in 2019. In 2022, House of the Dragon landed and fans were transported 200 years before the events of Game of Thrones when the Targaryen family were at the height of their power. Although the prequel series provided insight into her character’s lineage, Emilia explained why she didn't want to watch it. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan Speaking on her decision, the actress remarked: “It's too weird. “I'm so over the moon [about] all the awards. Everyone who's made it.” Emilia also paid tribute to Miguel Sapochnik, the former co-showrunner of House of the Dragon as she added: “Love him. Brilliant. Wonderful.” But stated: “I just can't do it, it's so weird, it's so strange. “It's kind of like someone saying, 'You want to go to this school reunion that's not your year? You want to go to that school reunion?' “That's kind of how it feels, I'm avoiding it,” Emilia confirmed to Variety. Despite her reservations, the spin-off proved to be a huge hit with fans and went on the smash HBO’s streaming records. The House of the Dragon premiere garnered a whopping 10 million viewers, the largest audience for any new original series in the history of HBO. DON'T MISS...NCIS Los Angeles cancelled after 14 seasons [INSIGHT]House of the Dragon finale originally took place in axed location [INSIGHT]Game of Thrones fans are curious about Faceless Man Jaqen H’ghar [INSIGHT] Despite the backlash from its gruesome premiere, even more viewers tuned in as the second episode proved the be a smash hit. The episode surpassed the record-breaking viewership figures of its premiere with 10.2 million viewers in the US switching to HBO. The series followed Rhaenyra (Emma D’arcy) and Aegon's (Tom Glynn-Carney) ruthless fight for the throne after the death of their father Viserys Targaryen (Paddy Considine). Which would then spark the eagerly awaited civil war known as the Dance of the Dragons.  Fans are anticipating a brutal feud between the family after Rhaenyra’s son was murdered and her younger brother stole the throne. After the success of season one, House of the Dragon was renewed as bosses confirmed season two would premiere in 2024. Executive Vice President of HBO Programming, Francesca Orsi stated: “We are beyond proud of what the entire House of the Dragon team has accomplished with season one. “Our phenomenal cast and crew undertook a massive challenge and exceeded all expectations, delivering a show that has already established itself as must-see-TV. “A huge thank you to George, Ryan, and Miguel for leading us on this journey. We couldn't be more excited to continue bringing to life the epic saga of House Targaryen with season two.” Game of Thrones seasons 1-8 are available to stream on HBO in the US and on NOW TV in the UK.