It felt a little like that in Belfast this week when we had three significant visitors to tell us about their plans to help. First out of the blocks was the Foreign Secretary, James Cleverly. He came to Northern Ireland for talks with the Northern Ireland political parties on Wednesday about the NI protocol, the operation of which is keeping devolution down in Northern Ireland. Good, you might think, at least this Foreign Secretary is engaging IN Northern Ireland not just with politicians but with businesses too. There was however the inevitable bust-up with the Sinn Fein leadership because instead of following protocol they wanted their overall leader Mary Lou McDonald, the leader of the opposition in the Republic of Ireland to attend the round table meeting instead of their leader in Northern Ireland, the would-be First Minister, Michelle O’Neill. Quite correctly the Foreign Secretary pointed out it would be “bad form” to meet the leader of the opposition in the Republic before meeting the Prime Minister of Ireland. Sinn Fein was having none of it however and took it as a historic snub. For a party inextricably linked to the IRA they aren’t half sensitive. It was of course entirely reasonable and correct for the Foreign Secretary to stick to protocol but at any, and every, opportunity Sinn Fein love to play the hard done by, oppressed victim – it appeals to the base don’t you know. I certainly do. Well done to the Foreign Secretary for sticking by protocol. I’m sure he had many in the Northern Ireland office urging otherwise! The next visitor was the Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar who hasn’t had the best of relationships (*Understatement of the year klaxon*) with Unionists since he took a historic photo of a bombed customs checkpoint at the Irish border to a European Council dinner and warned that this is what would happen unless they took his advice on post-Brexit trading rules. It was and still is, a most outrageous thing to do but it delivered him what he wanted – the NI Protocol.  Leo Varadkar cared less about the damage he was doing to community relations in Northern Ireland than the perceived advantage it gave him to be a hard republican in the Republic of Ireland. Now however there is a little bit of backpedalling going on. He has now belatedly acknowledged that mistakes had been made “on all sides” and that perhaps the Protocol was “too strict and too rigid”. You don’t say…. well, if mistakes have been made and the Protocol is too strict and rigid, then Leo should have no problem convincing his European colleagues that there needs to be change to the Protocol. That’s logical, isn’t it? Let’s see. It was encouraging however that both the DUP and the Irish PM reported that they had constructive and useful dialogue after their meeting in Belfast. Let’s hope that continues and that there is real progress.  The final visitor of the week was the leader of the Opposition, Sir Keir Starmer. As the PM was in Scotland, it was good timing for Sir Keir to be in Belfast meeting the parties and engaging generally around the Protocol and the lack of devolution as we are now in the run-up to the 25th anniversary of the Belfast agreement in April.  On Friday he gave a speech at my old alma mater, Queen’s University Belfast. Speaking slowly, presumably to give an air of seriousness rather than having difficulty with the autocue, he said he had two priorities. Firstly, he said the UK Government must normalise and strengthen relations with Dublin and secondly the Government must deal with the NI Protocol. In my opinion, it was no mistake that Sir Keir put strengthening relations with Dublin in front of dealing with the Protocol. Looking objectively at the issues you would have thought that restoring British citizens their rights under the Act of Union would come first but make no mistake this is a labour leader who knows that his foot soldiers are happier to build relations with the Dublin government than stand up for British citizens in this part of the UK. And let’s not forget that it is the Dublin Government which is largely responsible for the protocol and its operation.  Sir Keir will no doubt argue that he wants to achieve both objectives but nevertheless, statements in speeches are planned, not made off the cuff, so the sequence is important. I predict there will be a flurry of activity from now to April and a serious intent that something must be done, as Sir Keir said “NOW”. Wouldn’t it have been much better if everybody including the Irish and the EU had grasped the nettle last year or indeed even better the year before, on the Protocol? We then would have had a functioning Government in Northern Ireland and relations between NI and ROI would not be as fractious as they have become. Whatever the optics of the coming weeks and the predictions of significant changes in mood music which will inevitably fill our newspaper columns, real and tangible change is what is needed, and it will take more than flying visits to achieve that. 