Queen Letizia, King Felipe VI, and  Prime minister Pedro Sanchez all attended the reception for the diplomatic corps accredited in Spain on Wednesday. This was where the Spanish King and Queen and government members, all received the diplomatic corps in the Royal Palace in Madrid.  However, when the Islamic Republic of Iran’s Ambassador in Madrid, Hassan Ghashghavi, approached the King and Queen, he shook King Felipe's hand but not Queen Letizia's. Letizia herself did not stretch out her hand towards the Ambassador either. Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain what happened at this moment and whether it was a "snub" on the Ambassador's part. She claimed: "There are cultural etiquette rules at work here, making this appear to be less of a public snub and more likely an adherence to the Iranian norm." READ MORE: Queen Letizia is met with 'frosty' body language from Queen Sofia  In Iranian culture, men and women generally will not shake hands unless the female outstretches her hand first and the man is willing to reciprocate the gesture, according to the Cultural Atlas. Judi continued: "It would seem to be the woman who would instigate a handshake, with the man choosing to reciprocate or not. "This means the safest option in terms of any genuine refusal might be to do what Queen Letizia has done and keep her hand at her side." Queen Letizia did not stretch out her hand to the Ambassador, in a likely attempt to avoid any awkwardness according to Judi.  This is because the Ambassador may not have returned the gesture. Judi opined: "If she had presented her hand in an intentional gesture and he had chosen not to respond, the image would have been much more dramatic."  "The Ambassador does appear to offer a brief nod of greeting instead and Letizia performs a small eye cut-off of acknowledgement. "It looks then as though Queen Letizia was fully aware of the Iranian cultural etiquette here when it comes to men shaking hands with women and that she and the Ambassador chose what looks likely to have been a pre-planned ritual with that in mind." READ MORE: Prince Charles leaves Queen Letizia 'awkward’ with kiss on hand Queen Letizia looked stunning in a full-length outfit at the diplomatic corps reception. She wore a Carolina Herrera "White Pussy-Bow Silk Blouse" which she has worn many times before, first debuting the garment in 2017. She paired this with a full-length pink maxi skirt, which is a different look for Queen Letizia who is renowned for her short dresses. For footwear, Letizia wore her Lodi "Vela Light Pink Suede Pumps" that she has worn since 2017, and perfectly suited her skirt. They are described as "pale pink suede pumps with a 10.5 cm heel and a vamp detail". Queen Letizia complemented the feminine ensemble with her Tous "Sucre" Long Gemstone Earrings featuring blue quartz, green quartz, mother-of-pearl and rhodonite. They were first worn in April 2014 and hadn't been seen again until Wednesday. Her Majesty also wore the Coreterno "Amor Che Tutto Move" Ring which she hasn't been seen without since the Pascua Militar on January 6. 