Nikki Haley reminded Joe Biden he had signed off on trillions of spending after the US President accused Republicans of being "fiscally demented" during a public speech. Speaking at a breakfast in DC on MLK day, President Biden made the remark as he pledged to veto any GOP attempt to raise "taxes on working families, making inflation worse". But the former US Secretary to the UN hit back at Biden reminding him he pushed to ramp up spending in a fierce Twitter rebuke. She wrote: "Biden's signed off on more than $6 trillion in new spending—and pushed for trillions more—and he's calling Republicans 'fiscally demented.' Try again, Mr. President." Haley joined swathes of other Republicans taking issue with Biden's wording, with Alabama Senator Katie Britt warning that "President Biden’s reckless tax-and-spend policies have fueled generationally high inflation and crushed Americans who are simply trying to make ends meet." Britt added: "He’s hired 87,000 new IRS agents while leaving our Border Patrol agents short-handed to deal with the unprecedented national security and humanitarian crisis he caused at the border. "And he’s turned to just about every foreign adversary possible instead of unleashing American energy independence." JUST IN: Elon Musk labelled ‘narcissistic’ and ‘off his rocker’ by potential jurors ahead of trial She continued: "Meanwhile, Republicans want to keep more money in hardworking families’ pockets, make life more affordable, not leave our children and our children’s children with a crippling national debt, secure the border, safeguard our communities from violent crime and the fentanyl epidemic, protect parental rights, and ensure our military is the best equipped, resourced, and trained in the world to keep our service members safe and our nation strong. "I’m confident that the American people know which of these agendas is radical and which is simply good common sense." And Tennessee Senator Marsha Blackburn said: "Despite what the President claims, the Democrats’ reckless spending will add $4.8 trillion in new deficit spending over the next 10 years. "If wanting a balanced budget is ‘fiscally demented’, I’m not sure what you would call the economic devastation under President Biden’s leadership." READ MORE: Plan to pay Black residents in US city $5million each to address 'decades of harm' Biden was responding to a new bill sponsored by Nebraska's Republican Rep Adrian Smith which would rescind nearly $70 billion in new IRS spending that was approved as part of the Inflation Reduction Act last year. He took aim at his predecessor Donald Trump's administration for firing IRS agents during his tenure in the White House, claiming the move only benefitted the rich. Biden said: "All these new IRS agents we have is because they fired a lot of them, a lot are retiring and guess what? "Who needs serious agents to know what they’re doing or not doing? The billionaires, the multi-multimillionaires. DON'T MISS:White House report no visitor logs for Joe Biden’s home [REPORT]California nightmare rages on as three feet of snow strikes [INSIGHT]US citizens accused of not taking new Covid surge ‘seriously’ [ANALYSIS]  "This is their first bill. They campaigned on inflation. They didn’t say if elected their plan was to make inflation worse.” US inflation slowed down for the sixth month in a row to 6.5 percent in December, according to data from the US Bureau of Labor Statistics. The rate reached an all-year high in June 2022, when it had hit 9.1 percent. But the Federal Reserve has launched its most aggressive campaign in decades in its desperate bid to tackle the US's ongoing problem with inflation. Top officials have warned their efforts will require a "sustained period" of job losses and below-trend growth before the rate is returned to normal. Fed chair Jay Powell insisted there is still a path to a "soft landing" but noted a recession could still not be ruled out. Powell said: "I don’t think anyone knows whether we’re going to have a recession or not and if we do, whether it’s going to be a deep one or not."