Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen are F1’s highest-paid stars with both securing lucrative contracts. The pair are among four drivers who picked up more than £20million across 2022. However, Verstappen just edges the seven-time champion after being awarded extra funds in his championship-winning year. According to Forbes, Verstappen took home a staggering £49.4m ($60m) last season. They report that £39.9m ($40m) was from his base salary with an extra £16.5m ($20m) paid out on bonuses. Verstappen wrapped up his second world title as early as October as the Dutchman dominated proceedings. It was a record breaking season for the 25-year-old who won 15 races over the course of the campaign. Verstappen secured extra funds after pipping Hamilton to the 2021 crown. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton complaints forced Mercedes to make factory changes A Red Bull source said the contract offered a “substantial financial rise” and would be “virtually doubling his money”. Meanwhile, Forbes claims Hamilton got £45.3m ($55m) last season purely through his base salary. It was a miserable year for the Mercedes star after failing to mount a serious title bid due to the German marque's lack of pace. The Silver Arrows lacked performance to Red Bull and meant Hamilton was unable to finish on the top-step of the podium all season for the first time in his career. Alpine star Fernando Alonso was the third highest-paid driver last season, pocketing a massive £24.7m ($30m). Meanwhile, Red Bull’s Sergio Perez received an eye watering £21.4m ($26m) through his salary and extra bonuses. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton warned Max Verstappen is now a different beast [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton 'anger' made F1 rivals believe Brit would retire [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton and co warned over F1 ban as FIA send another message [ANALYSIS] The Mexican only picked up £8.2m ($10m) through his base wage but topped this up after Red Bull won both the Drivers and Constructors’ Championship. The success allowed the 32-year-old to secure an extra £13.2m ($16m). Charles Leclerc earned just below £20m last season after grabbing a massive bonus for finishing second in the Drivers’ Championship. He was paid a total of £18.9m ($23m) with a base salary of just £9.8m ($12m). But, the Monegasque secured £9m ($11m) in extras after beating Perez to the runner-up spot. George Russell revealed details of Leclerc’s extra ahead of the final race in Abu Dhabi. He said: “We found out Thursday night that Charles has got a little bonus in the contract if he gets P2 in the drivers. So he is going to be gunning for it."