Most people wear clean clothes every day, and when they go to bed, if they wear pyjamas, chances are they were the same set worn the night before. One lady on TikTok has caused some controversy after asking whether people wear a set of pyjamas for more than one night, or if they have a clean pair every night. Allison Delperdang on TikTok said: “I need to know if people wear pyjamas multiple nights in a row. “When I was younger, my parents always made us wear pyjamas more than [one night], multiple nights in a row because ‘they weren’t dirty’. And I still do that as an adult. “I’ve worn these three nights in a row. So I need to know, as adults are we still doing that? Or should I be making dirty clothes every single night? “Are we re-wearing pyjamas multiple nights, what’s the situation?” READ MORE: ‘Magic’ product that removes stains from filthy white towels The video has amassed thousands of comments, many of whom, like Allison, wear pyjamas more than once, and many of whom wear a clean pair of pyjamas every night. @loretovasquezn commented: “Re-use. Unless sweaty, dirty, drop food or something.” Mads wrote: “Saving the environment and your clothes! if it's not dirty/smelly then why wash it? I wear mine for a week in winter!” User S said: “2-3 times. it's too much laundry to wear new PJs every night!” Laura Baker added: “I wear mine for about 4-5 nights in a row.” DON'T MISS...Keep onions edible for 6 months with clever storage solution [GUIDE]Kate Middleton ‘has the most power in the fashion industry’ [INSIGHT]Astrologer shares horoscope for each animal sign this Chinese New Year [EXCLUSIVE] Heather Labonte said: “Nope, fresh pair every night…” And Hey agreed: “Never, always fresh every night. Also only use a towel once. Same with my kids.” Someone else explained: “No, because I am wearing them for 8+ hours, they just don't feel clean." “I never re-wear PJs... we shed dead skin cells constantly and even though it may not be dirty I can't do it lol,” another comment read. As for what the correct answer is; wearing pjs more than once, or a clean pair every night, according to Sleep Advisor we should be treating pjs “like regular clothes to maintain good health”, and the experts suggest washing pjs “every three to four days”. READ MORE: Shoppers ‘work out’ how to win free M&S Food with their Sparks card Persistent dirty pyjamas can lead to serious health issues like infections, skin irritations, poor hygiene and bad odour. Re-worn pyjamas can also gather dried sweat during the night, heightening odour. Even if you’re showering before bed, if you get into bed in used pyjamas, you’re essentially undoing any bathing. Anyone suffering from allergies may need to change their pyjamas and bedsheets more frequently as dirty pyjamas can acquire a significant amount of dust. Asthma, dust allergies, and other respiratory issues are typically more challenging to control at night because you're lying down, making it harder to breathe. There is also something to be said about how wearing a pair of fresh and clean pyjamas makes you feel. Taking care of yourself through regular washing is critical, not only for physical well-being but for mental health too. Clean pyjamas can also help you feel more relaxed, thus helping you sleep better, experts suggest.