Manchester United star Casemiro looked like he means business upon arriving at Old Trafford for today’s Premier League clash with Manchester City. The Red Devils go into the game hoping to continue their fine form, having won 11 of their last 12 matches across all competitions. And it promises to be a fascinating showdown against Pep Guardiola’s outfit. Manchester United have started to get their act together ever since the appointment of Erik ten Hag back in the summer following a decade of mediocrity. And Casemiro has been a key player for the Red Devils ever since moving from Real Madrid back in the summer. The Brazil international has arrived with the rest of his team-mates for the match against City and images from Getty show him looking serious. The Samba star started the last derby on the bench, with Scott McTominay picked ahead of him. But with Casemiro operating at the peak of his powers, he’s expected to get the nod in the middle of the park as United look to quieten their noisy neighbours. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Bruno Fernandes is also primed to start and, along with Anthony Elanga, turned up with his hood up. Both Fred and Antony sported hats, with Manchester and the rest of the country currently suffering from the cold weather. David De Gea looked happy, with the Spain international sporting a wry smile as he made his way towards the home dressing room. Likewise Luke Shaw. The former Southampton star is set to start at left-back ahead of Tyrell Malacia, having rediscovered his mojo this term. United will be hoping to avoid a repeat of what happened when they met with City earlier in the season, back in October. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see The Red Devils had gone into the game hoping to build on previous victories over Liverpool and Arsenal. Yet they found themselves 4-0 down at half time after doubles from City pair Erling Haaland and Phil Foden. Both players would go on to register hat-tricks to compound United’s nightmare day on enemy soil. However, the Red Devils did pull three goals back courtesy of a screamer from Antony and brace from substitute Anthony Martial. Regarding Casemiro, meanwhile, the United star has hailed Ten Hag and believes the pair both possess a winning mentality. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "He’s certainly a manager who is obsessed with winning. Few managers in my career had the same obsession to win,” he said. “He’s someone who always wants to win even in training, he always wants the best. "He’s a hard-working manager who demands a lot of his players so that we’re always at our best and that’s important for us. “I also view him as a manager with the desire to see Manchester United grow and develop, that’s one of his most important characteristics, not just his but all the coaching staff who follow his lead. "He’s a very intelligent coach, he knows what he can ask for from each player. “I’d say he doesn’t ask me for anything I can’t do, obviously I can contribute to the team. "The manager makes adjustments of course, but he doesn’t ask for anything different from what I’ve been doing throughout my career. “Nothing changes that much as I’m doing what I’ve always done in my career. "Nothing special is requested, of course the league and the games themselves allow you to get forward more. “Everyone including the manager knows my role, bring balance to the team, support my teammates, play between the centre backs, provide cover for the full-backs, help the midfield, play out from the back with a quality pass, nothing different from what I’ve always done in my career."