Food recalls are issued when there is a health and safety problem with a product, such as it contains an ingredient not mentioned on the label. Customers are then usually told not to eat the product if they have already bought it, and it is withdrawn from shelves. Tesco Free From Golden Syrup Porridge Pot because it contains milk which is not mentioned on the label. This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents. The porridge comes in a pack 55g in size and has a batch code of 2252. Its best before date is September 1, 2023. The Food Standards Agency (FSA) published the food recall on its website, sharing a risk statement. It said: "This product contains milk making it a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents." The FSA also outlined the action taken by the company, detailing what Tesco will now do to keep customers safe. READ MORE: Chelsy Davy 'shared sense of humour' with Kate when dating Harry  The organisation stated: "Tesco is recalling the above product from customers and has been advised to contact the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. The company has also issued a recall notice to its customers. "These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product. Please see the attached notice." In its notice, Tesco said: "We have been made aware that one batch code of Tesco Free From Golden Syrup Porridge 55g pot may contain milk which is not mentioned on the label. "Therefore, this product could pose a safety risk to those people with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents."  Tesco went on to tell customers what they should do if they have bought the product. The supermarket said: "Please do not consume this product and instead return any affected product to store where a full refund will be given. No receipt is required. "Tesco apologises to our customers for any inconvenience caused. If you require further details, please contact Customer Services directly on: UK 0800 505 555." The FSA also shared its advice with customers, advising them against eating the product. READ MORE: Meghan wasn't afraid to 'embarrass family' during final days as royal It said: "If you have bought the above product and have an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents do not eat it. "Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund. For further details please contact Tesco customer services on 0800 505 555." The FSA went on to give more information in general about food recalls, saying: "Sometimes there will be a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold. "Then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). "Sometimes foods have to be withdrawn or recalled if there is a risk to consumers because the allergy labelling is missing or incorrect or if there is any other food allergy risk. When there is a food allergy risk, the FSA will issue an Allergy Alert." Tesco is not the only supermarket to recall a product this week. Marks and Spencer is recalling its Count on Us Thai style green chicken curry because of undeclared ingredients. Some packs contain crustaceans and molluscs which are not mentioned on the label. This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to crustaceans and/or molluscs. The FSA assured affected shoppers that Marks and Spencer was taking the necessary steps to keep them safe. It explained: "Marks and Spencer is recalling the above product from customers and has contacted the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. "The company has also issued a recall notice to its customers, which explains to customers why the product is being recalled and tells them what to do if they have bought the product." Marks and Spencer's customer notice read: "Marks and Spencer is recalling its Count on Us Thai style green chicken curry given the undeclared presence of the allergens mollusc and crustacean in a small number of packs. "Please do not consume this product if you have an allergy or intolerance to molluscs and/or crustaceans. If you wish to exchange the product, you can return it to your nearest store where a full refund will be given."