A shooter stood over a 16-year-old mother clutching her 10-month-old baby and fired bullets into their heads in a brazen attack in a central California farming community that left six dead at a home linked to drugs and guns, a sheriff said on Tuesday. The teenager was fleeing the violence early Monday when the killers caught up to her outside the home in Goshen, a central California community of about 3,000 residents in the agricultural San Joaquin Valley, and shot the young mother and her child “assassination-style", Tulare County Sheriff Mike Boudreaux said in a press conference. The other four victims ranged from 19 to 72 years old, including a grandmother who was shot as she slept. Their autopsies are expected to be completed later in the week. Authorities received a call at 3:38 a.m. Monday about multiple shots being fired — so many that it initially seemed like an active shooter situation — at the residence in the town of Goshen, some 170 miles (273.59 kilometres) south of downtown Los Angeles. It was later determined the person who made the call was someone hiding at the property. READ MORE: Ana Walshe's husband Brian has chilling Google search history exposed in arraignment Deputies arrived seven minutes later and found two bodies outside the home in the street, and a third body at the doorstep, Boudreaux said. They then found more victims inside the home, including the grandmother. Down the street they discovered the teen mom and her baby. A forensics investigation revealed she had tried to run away before the shooter caught up with her and stood over her and fired multiple rounds into her skull, Sheriff Boudreaux said. Three people survived and will be interviewed by authorities. They include a man who hid in the home as the killings happened. DON'T MISSIdaho victim linked to victim on social media [LATEST]Polar bear mauls woman to death [REPORT]Briana Walshe charged with murder of missing wife [LATEST] Authorities said they were searching for two suspects and offered a $10,000 reward for information leading to their arrests. “None of this was by accident,” Mr Boudreaux said during a news conference Tuesday. “It was deliberate, intentional and horrific.” Sheriff Boudreaux walked back his earlier comments to reporters that the attack was likely a cartel hit, saying that investigators are also looking into whether it was gang violence. “I am not eliminating that possibility,” the sheriff said. READ MORE: Mother and son accused of running home brothel - and paying sex worker per condoms used “These people were clearly shot in the head and they were also shot in places where the shooter would know that a quick death would occur ... This is also similar to high-ranking gang affiliation and the style of executions that they commit.” Law enforcement is familiar with the home, the sheriff said, citing gang activity there that “has routinely occurred in the past” without giving any specifics. He added that not everyone who was shot was a drug dealer or gang member — and said that among the victims believed to be innocent are the teen, her grandmother, and of course, the baby. The sheriff’s department on Tuesday identified the victims as: Rosa Parraz, 72; Eladio Parraz, Jr., 52; Jennifer Analla, 49; Marcos Parraz, 19; Alissa Parraz, 16; and Nycholas Parraz, 10 months. Mr Boudreaux said “there was no reason” for the shooters to kill the young mother and her child. “I know for a fact this 10-month-old baby was relying on the comfort of his mother. There was no reason for them to shoot that baby, but they did,” he said. “I can’t wrap my head around what kind of monster would do this,” Samuel Pina, the baby’s great-grandfather, told The Associated Press on Monday. Mr Pina said Parraz and her baby were living with her father’s side of the family in Goshen, and that her dad’s uncle, her dad’s cousin, her grandmother and her great-grandmother were also killed.