Emmerdale’s Charity Dingle (played by Emma Atkins) has no idea her boyfriend Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb) is the father of Chloe Harris’ (Jessie Elland) baby. The Dingle matriarch has brought Chloe under her wing after realising the mum-to-be isn’t speaking with her child’s father but how will she react if she finally finds out the truth about Mackenzie’s actions? In next week’s episodes, Mackenzie panics when Sarah Sugden (Katie Hill) tells him Chloe’s collapsed and has been taken to hospital. The mum-to-be is shocked when Sarah brings Mackenzie and Charity along to the hospital. As he listens to the tough times Chloe’s been through, Mackenzie’s guilt builds. Once alone with Chloe, he promises to support her and their baby in whatever way he can. Read more: Emmerdale's Adam Thomas teases ITV soap return The next day, Nate Robinson (Jurell Carter) warns Mackenzie his feelings for Chloe might be more than he’s letting on. He questions whether he wants to be apart of his baby’s life in some way. Meanwhile, Sarah sets out a plan for Chloe when she gets out of hospital, confusing Charity. However, the mum agrees it can be tough being a new mum on your own and helps her granddaughter. At the hospital, Chloe gets ready to be discharged from hospital as Sarah and Charity turn up again. The pair offer to take her home with them reminding her she shouldn’t be alone. Chloe’s uneasy and tries her best to turn the offer down but the Dingles won’t take no for an answer. Mackenzie arrives home to see Chloe has moved in and begins to panic. DON'T MISSEmmerdale Nicky's identity exposed as fans 'work out' Jamie Tate link [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'predict' Leyla Harding gets blamed for Jacob's death [THEORY]Emmerdale's Kyle refuses to change his mind after police probe [SPOILER] He confronts the mother of his child who explains she didn’t ask for Charity’s kindness. Mackenzie does his best to try and get rid of Chloe without raising suspicion. Will he be able to get Chloe to move out or will his eagerness to see the back of the mum-to-be land him in hot water? Mackenzie will do whatever he can to keep his infidelity secret but will he expose himself in his bid to keep the truth hidden from Charity? Mackenzie enjoyed a night of passion with Chloe when he believed his relationship with Charity was over. When they reunited, Mackenzie kept his illicit night secret and has been lying to her ever since. If Charity finds out the truth, will she be able to forgive him or will she feel his deceit has blown their trust forever? Emmerdale airs on ITV on weekdays at 7.30pm.