Prince Harry has claimed a high stakes meeting with brother Prince William and rather, then Prince Charles prior to grandfather Prince Philip's funeral in April 2021 was “like going into battle”. The Duke of Sussex outlines the showdown in his new book, Spare, which Express.co.uk has obtained a copy of in Spanish after the book went on sale early there. Harry writes: “Entonces por fin los vi. Hombro con hombro, avanzando hacia mï con paso firme, me parecieron muy serios, casi amenazadores." Which roughly translates in English to: “Finally I saw them. Shoulder to shoulder, advanced towards me briskly, they looked very serious, almost threatening.” Comparing the way he felt with the "intense vulnerability that I had experienced at other decisive moments of my life" and with "going into battle", the former Royal Marine adds: "Al caminar detrás del ataúd de mi madre. "Al entrar en batalla por primera vez." Which roughly translates to: “Like when I walked behind my mother’s coffin. Or entered battle for the first time.” Harry, who refers to his brother as "Willy" and "Daddy", descibes an awkward conversation about the weather and sport, as well as touching on the death of his grandfather, Prince Phillip, last year, before they "got to the point", during which he admits he was "not very concise" due to his nerves. Battling his anxiety, Harry describes how he attempted to stop their discussion becoming heated, but to little avail. He explains: "My father and Willy had come looking for a fight. JUST IN: Royal fans rush to buy Harry's book as Google searches skyrocket 226% Within minutes the brothers were hurling angry insults at each other, as had happened previously in recent months, Harry explains. He adds: "Things got so heated my father raised his hands. “'Enough' he said looking at our angry faces, “Please boys, don’t turn this my last years into a torment.” Harry describes his father as sounding "hoarse, fragile" adding that it was "like the voice of an old man". DON'T MISSEx-Pope Benedict XVI is 'very ill' says Francis [INSIGHT]Emotional Pope Francis breaks down in tears during Ukraine prayer [ANALYSIS]'Laws against religious discrimination do not protect Christians' [INSIGHT] The bitter clash descends into a back and forth in which William points out Harry's decision to leave the UK with with Meghan Markle and Harry question him as to why he thinks he took that decision. William says he does not know, prompting incredulity for his brother. Harry writes: "I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. "That he didn’t know why my wife and I took the drastic step of taking our son and leaving everything behind, home, friends, furniture, like souls the Devil takes!" Harry then describes looking at his father who likewise looks baffled, suggesting that the idea of neither of them understanding his reasons was "amazing but maybe true". He continues: "The idea made me feel cold and a terrible loneliness but it also fired me up." Initially determined to explain it to them, he swiftly abandoned the idea, reasoning that it would take too long and that his relatives were "not willing to listen" in any case. Additional reporting by Gerard Couzens