Manchester United star Lisandro Martinez holds no grudges against Erik ten Hag after being dropped for Saturday’s 2-1 defeat to Manchester City, reports say. The Argentina international was named among the substitutes for the match at Old Trafford, having previously started against Charlton. Luke Shaw started in his place, along with Raphael Varane, with the pair both impressing on the day. Manchester United were too strong for City on Saturday, beating their fierce rivals 2-1 in dramatic circumstances on home turf. Jack Grealish put the visitors ahead, with the England international rising to power home a header to spark wild celebrations in the away end. But United drew level through Bruno Fernandes, whose low shot sailed past Ederson and into the bottom corner. United then secured victory late on through Marcus Rashford, who bagged his 16th goal of the campaign to fire his side up to third in the Premier League table. Before the game, Ten Hag sprung a surprise by naming Martinez on the bench. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big The Argentine had previously been expected to start, especially given his fine form since arriving from Ajax back in the summer. Yet Martinez was instead overlooked for a starting berth, with Varane and Shaw picked instead. According to The Athletic, Martinez understands the logic of his manager. It’s suggested that he knows Ten Hag will give game time to those playing well, regardless of their status in the squad. Before the game, Ten Hag explained his decision to bench Martinez by saying: "The last couple of games, a lot of clean sheets, they [Varane and Shaw] played really well together. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see “Also, Licha Martinez returned from the World Cup and didn't have a lot of games. “He played 90 minutes against Charlton, but we need big games. "That was four weeks ago, at the World Cup, so I think 90 minutes is a lot, but he can contribute, he's ready to come in, but I also think it's tactical, it fits really well with the physical, with Haaland and De Bruyne, players around covering the full-backs." Martinez did eventually come on in the closing stages, helping United see out the game. And he joined in the celebrations at the final whistle, too, with the Red Devils jubilantly basking in the atmosphere at Old Trafford. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Meanwhile, speaking after the game, Shaw was delighted with the way fans cheered on the players as they battled to victory over their fierce rivals. “It's incredible,” he told club media. “For me, I've been here a long time now, I think eight years. For me, today, the atmosphere was the best I've been involved in. “It shows the fans are with us, they're pushing us in the right direction, and I hope they really enjoyed it today. “We love the atmosphere; we love them being there and we are glad to be making them happy again.” And he added: “[I’m] very happy. I think overall, we deserved to win. “I think [in the] first half, we had a lot of chances. On another day we take them but I'm extremely proud of the team. “Everyone out on the field today gave everything and, especially, the ones who came on and influenced the game, it's a massive help that they're ready to make an impact like they did today. “I’m very happy and proud of the team today."