Alan Sugar is back and on the hunt for his next business partner, and a new host of ambitious entrepreneurs all believe they could be up to the task. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, Lord Sugar officially confirmed the future of The Apprentice, and fans won't be disappointed by the update. Last week's series premiere saw account executive Emma becoming the first contestant to be fired by Alan after being accused of being "disruptive" during the task in Antigua. The return of the show seems to have been enjoyed by many, and social media was buzzing with discussions about this year's hopefuls. Thankfully, Alan, 75, has confirmed at least two more series have been given the green light. "I have agreed to do two more series, which will bring me up to 19 and depending on how well that is received, and the BBC do their statistical numbers and all that, I'd be delighted to do a 20th." READ MORE: Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire The business magnate continued: "Bear in mind, I've also done three Junior Apprentices. "So I mean, in a way, you could argue that I've already done 20 series." Each episode and task is different, and Alan's aide Karren Brady teased an important celebration coming up this year. "There is one that celebrates the 100 years of the BBC," she explained.  "Which is the one that you see Alan in a form you have never seen him in before. "I should leave it at that - and there's a great montage at the beginning of that which will all make sense when you see it. "But that was so good to see, that was a great episode." She added: "But we like, well I like the 'Go and find me these 10 items' episodes. DON'T MISS... The Masked Singer fans 'work out' identity of Fawn as girl band icon [REACTION]Fern Britton stirs outrage as My Cornwall viewers fume [LATEST]EastEnders fans in tears over 'heartbreaking' Zack Hudson twist [VIDEO] "Most of them don't know what the items are. Or it turns into a logistical nightmare or a treasure hunt, which is not what it's meant to be. "It's meant to be to see how they negotiate and organise themselves. "And it turns into just a treasure hunt in a sort of Supermarket Sweep. So yeah, that's a good one." Karren later delved into her close friendship with her co-star. "We've spent a lot of time together, on and off the screen so to speak," she remarked. "And [with] Alan, I always say friendship first, football second - because we both have different teams - and politics last because we have different parties, or we used to. "So we have a lot of fun. We really enjoy it. And it's like all friends coming together and just having a good time and having a lot of fun." While the programme is currently airing its 17th series, the first-ever episodes aired in 2004, meaning next year will mark 20 years of the show. The Apprentice continues on Thursday at 9pm on BBC One.