The cost of living crisis is creating a squeeze on already limited budgets for many over 65s. Many of those who have reached state pension age - currently 66 - will have left the workforce for good, to go it alone relying on their own financial position. However, one expert has urged people to consider important aspects of finances to secure their future. Lorna Shah, managing director of retail retirement at Legal and General Retail, spoke to Express.co.uk about the key issues people over 65 should be looking out for to keep their financial plans on track. The expert stressed reviewing one’s financial plans should be a priority when looking ahead to the future. This is particularly the case amid a retirement squeeze compounded by the cost of living. READ MORE: Woman ‘lost everything’ in £113,000 devious scam attack Ms Shah said: “It is important if you’re in retirement to check your income is sufficient to meet your expenses, especially given how much the cost of necessities like food, housing and energy have risen. “To make sure your retirement plans remain on track, you may need to re-evaluate your budget, seek ways to cut costs, or find additional sources of income. “It’s important to consider all your options before making any short-term decisions that can impact your retirement plans.” The expert also highlighted many UK adults have not yet taken advantage of free financial guidance services such as Money Helper and PensionWise. DON'T MISSBritons call for free prescriptions as many struggle to pay [LATEST]190,000 Brionts may see DWP payment increases wiped out [UPDATE]Britons risk losing Carer’s Allowance if they are in work [INSIGHT] Such services could provide important direction on how older Britons should proceed with their pension, savings and the cost of living. Ms Shah added: “Taking small steps like this can play an important role in planning for the future from a place of knowledge.” Next, it will be important for over Britons to understand their sources of income to ensure they have enough for retirement. The expert warned many who are eligible for support such as Pension Credit are not claiming it, potentially missing out on thousands. READ MORE: Martin Lewis warning not to miss out on £400 energy bills discount Ms Shah continued: “This extra financial help can be worth over £3,300 a year and is there to support people over state pension age and on a low income with their daily living costs, housing costs, council tax or heating bills. “Pension Credit can be claimed by phone and online, ensuring that people can apply safely and easily, wherever they are.” If people are keen to find out whether they are eligible for the benefit, the Pension Credit calculator available on the GOV.UK website is likely to be helpful. The expert added: “Making people aware of their allowances has always been important, but against the backdrop of the cost of living crisis, it is now critical.” Finally, Ms Shah suggested it will be important for Britons to consider annuities, whether they are close to retirement or have already left the workforce. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Annuities were once the only option for pension savers, but upon the introduction of drawdown in 1995, the latter option grew in popularity. While drawdown often seems like an obvious choice, Ms Shah argues the current environment may signal the necessary return of annuities. She explained: “With interest rates on the rise and stock market fluctuations, annuities are likely to continue to grow in appeal in 2023. “Not only do they provide a hassle-free guaranteed income for life, but you can also set an annuity up to pay you monthly, so it is like a salary payment that you may have received when you were working, allowing you to budget in a way that is comfortable and familiar to you. “But remember that once you have chosen an annuity you cannot switch out. You should consider your options carefully, ensure they are suitable for your needs, and shop around to make sure you are getting the best deal.” Some may not be comfortable buying a whole-life annuity, and in this stance, Ms Shah recommends investigating a fixed term annuity (FTA), which can offer flexibility for the short term. Before making any decisions on pensions, people are typically urged to get financial guidance or seek independent, regulated financial advice.