The YouTube boxing scene is back in the UK this week, as one of its pioneers KSI takes on rival content creator Faze Temper in the ring at the OVO Arena. The Englishman was initially set to fight rival Dillon Danis after a number of clashes with the MMA fighter. However, Danis dramatically pulled out last week, leading to FaZe Clan member Faze Temper stepping in. The Brazilian YouTuber was already scheduled to feature in the capital, with the streamer part of the undercard. His fight night on Saturday though has just got a whole lot more important, after being promoted to the top of the card and on the main event. Fans wanting to watch the action in London will need to download the DAZN app, with the pay-per-view priced at £11.99. New customers will also have to pay a £7.99 sign-up fee. Boxing fans can however watch a full replay of the fight for free. A day after the action DAZN are expected to show full highlights of the bout on their YouTube, as they did with KSI’s last outing when defeating Swarmz and Luis Alcaraz Pineda on the same night. READ MORE: Every word Anthony Joshua and Tyson Fury said about KSI as YouTuber eyes boxing glory Ahead of the fight, KSI hit out at his ex-opponent Danis, whilst describing his new rival as a ‘real fighter’. The YouTuber-turned-boxer said: “Dillon didn't want the smoke. Found someone who does. My focus won't be distracted from the task at hand and that's Faze Temper.  “We've come head-to-head plenty of times with the Sidemen and FaZe Clan competing against each other, and it looks like we have another challenge on our hands. Credit to Temper for stepping up like a REAL fighter." DON'T MISS:  Faze Temper meanwhile is no doubt looking forward to getting his chance at the top of the billing and seemingly grateful for the opportunity, describing his past year as a ‘life-changing’ one. He said: “A life-changing year. Grateful I was lost & I found my way. God blessed me with an incredible partner / best friend. “Made lifelong friends. My company went public. A lot can change in a year. The most important conversation you will ever have is in your mind.” 