As Mark Twain once reputedly said in a telegram home, reports of my demise are greatly exaggerated! I know there were rumours at the end of last year but I’d just like to tell everyone that I’m still here and still going. It’s true that I am having a few problems with some of my treatments for cancer but that is quite normal and there is no need for anybody to be writing my obituary just yet! Interestingly enough, whenever we talk about having cancer it helps those of us who have it and intrigues those who don’t, so I thought I would just share a few personal views. Deep down, anybody who has cancer would like to be able to talk about it and actually normalise the disease rather than feel like a pariah or that it’s a taboo subject. Some people do find it a difficult conversation to cope with, I know, and would rather cross the road if they see you coming, but it is just like any other disease. Some can be treated, some can’t and I first had a diagnosis over 25 years ago. Admittedly this time it will probably get me, sooner rather than later, but people often ask, “What’s your prognosis?” and it’s very difficult to say because any of us, sadly, can go at any time, and we British are not very good at talking about death. I may be here in a few months’ time, I may not, but the same could be said for all of us. It could be a year, it could be a day. The best thing to do, I believe, is to get on and live life in the way that you want to, and I fully intend to do that as much as possible. Thanks again to all those people who have been sending messages, not just to me but to all those of us with cancer. We do appreciate being able to discuss it quite openly from time to time. Are the young people today less resilient than the older generations were? I only ask because everybody seems to be going on about food banks and the choice between heating or eating. Even the Christmas number one record was about how hungry people in this country are, likening us to famine-hit Ethiopia in the mid-Eighties, when all I see is people from abroad going to extraordinary lengths to come here to live. They think this is the best country in the world, so why can’t we count our blessings? What has happened to the indomitable spirit that used to prevail? We are better than this, aren’t we? It used to be that, if you didn’t have enough money, you’d find another job – and there are many around at the moment – or you would do a couple of jobs, and you would live within your means. Now it seems to be that you just assume that you should have a certain standard of living and that you should be able to afford the same things that people with a lot more money than you have got. I don’t understand what is going on with the psyche of what is, after all, one of the wealthiest countries in the world. So come on people, let’s get back to where we used to be... the best nation on Earth. The proposed anti-strike legislation, requiring a minimum level of service, covering possibly health, fire, education, ambulances and transport and the nuclear industry seems like a step in the right direction. But what took the Government so long? The union barons are an embarrassment. Sure, if there are greedy employers who could afford to pay their staff more but don’t then they should be exposed, but the rail strikes that are being called at the moment, and that are ruining the economy, are not about fair pay. They were chosen deliberately to hit the economy in an attempt to damage the Government. I don’t believe for one moment that Mick Lynch, of the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers, is interested in anything other than a socialist government. And, as I always say, show me a socialist country that works. The unions should not be allowed to hold the country to ransom. Margaret Thatcher didn’t allow it and we need somebody tough enough to stand up to these people. With a bit of luck Rishi Sunak will prove to be that person. Let’s hope that 2023 is the year we see the remaining unions put in their place so that ordinary people can get on with their work and their lives. Last week I decided to watch the return of The Apprentice on BBC One. These are the female contestants above. I just love the way Lord Sugar points that finger and says, “You’re fired!”. But I’m beginning to wonder whether it’s business acumen or looks that get you on the programme. Most of the contestants look as if they are failed applicants to Love Island. They certainly didn’t seem to have much business knowledge. Okay, I realise it’s just a bit of fun and some may be purposely chosen just for the entertainment value of watching them fail. But why do both sexes seem to have managed the same regular gym sessions, regular hair appointments, beauty regimes and an enormous amount of time choosing the right clothes. It’s not only on The Apprentice. There are so many new TV shows coming online and so many new pumped-up lips. Can somebody please tell me why lips – men’s or women’s – are supposed to be so much more attractive if they look like they’ve been stung by a swarm of bees? I recently got a little note from one of those not so nice parking companies: a demand for money of course. I’d driven down to my village in the middle of Kent to pick up a loaf of bread and, as is sadly the norm these days, I was required to pay for the privilege of shopping locally. Is there something about local councils that turns their staff into the thickest people on the planet or are people with nothing better to do just attracted to those jobs? Anyway, they seem to do nothing to help local businesses and households but are very good at installing parking machines. I tried but I could not get the ridiculous thing to work and because I didn’t have any coins and because I was only going to be a minute getting my bread, I popped into the grocery shop and popped back out again... to find that I had a parking fine of £100. No wonder our high streets are in decline. If we want to make them work then councils need to give up extorting money from drivers to fill their coffers. Maybe that way, people would use their high streets, rather than popping to the nearest superstore with free parking for hundreds of cars. Well, that’s Christmas and New Year behind us for another year. Did yours end in an argument? They happen in most families. I found myself getting a bit irate when somebody compared me to that so-called “influencer” Andrew Tate. Apart from being occasionally controversial, I pride myself on being the most sensible person on the planet! It did at least get me thinking about Tate’s appalling misogyny and it made me ponder if this ingrained prejudice against women, of which there is far too much, is the fault of some major religions. Now there’s a starter for a proper argument, eh? But hear me out. Two big religions, Islam and Christianity, have just one God, perceived as male. And that looks like the root of misogyny. In earlier times people had many gods and goddesses, from ones linked to thunder, rivers and mountains to the formalised mythology of ancient Egypt, Greece and Rome. Even now, Hinduism, for instance, has powerful deities of both sexes. So how did we go from that to Eve being shamed for picking the apple and women being seen as lesser beings and having to cover themselves up – not just their bodies but their hair too – for fear of upsetting the male god. Answers on a postcard please.