Mercedes have teased fans there could be some “F1 drama” today amid speculation over Lewis Hamilton’s F1 future. The Silver Arrows posted the message after sharing a photograph posted by Hamilton to Instagram. The caption read: “What @F1 drama is going to kick off today.” It comes as Hamilton is believed to be finalising a new contract to keep him at the German marque for 2024 and beyond. He has previously admitted a multi-year deal was on the cards once his current 2023 agreement comes to an end. When asked if Hamilton would put pen to paper on a new deal, Mercedes boss Toto Wolff answered “absolutely”. He stressed an extension would be sorted over the winter break with there now just weeks to go until the start of the 2023 campaign. Wolff explained: “Well, the job list is pretty long in what is needed to be done. But certainly, Lewis’ contract is one of the topics that we will tackle over the winter. But there is no firm deadline.” READ MORE: Helmut Marko warns of Lewis Hamilton and George Russell 'fear' “Lewis is part of the team and the team is part of Lewis. There is no reason to not continue. I think one of his strengths is that he is always hungry. He is a great sportsman but he is also someone who is extremely driven and determined. He is always eager.” Wolff has previously claimed Hamilton had five years left in F1 which means an extension could take the 38-year-old well past his 40s. The Austrian has also clarified that any new deal would include details on Hamilton's future post-F1. He has previously admitted he sees the Briton an “ambassador for Mercedes” once he decides to hang up the helmet. Mercedes’ cryptic message comes after rumours that negotiations on a new deal could have stalled. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton takes swipe at F1 managers and throws weight behind dad [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton highlights major F1 problem ahead of new season [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton gives unexpected 'greatest F1 year' verdict [COMMENT] Hamilton had recently revealed that talks between both sides had not yet begun and blamed the busy calendar for the delay. He told Bild: “We haven't started yet. So far, there has been no time for this, we were on the road.” However, the seven-time champion had suggested he could remain in F1 for the long-term as he did not have an exit date in mind. He commented: “I'm not putting a limit on it to be honest. I'm planning to do a multi-year deal with my team. “I really, really don't know what the next five years [hold].”