LSU student Madison Brooks died from "multiple traumatic injuries" after being hit by a car in the early morning hours of January 15, a coroner's report reveals. Brooks was fatally struck by the vehicle after multiple males abandoned her on a dark roadway in Baton Rouge, a city of 222,000 in Louisiana, after allegedly raping her. On Monday, police charged two individuals with third-degree rape in connection with Brooks' death, while two others are accused of being accomplices. Officially, the coroner said her cause of death is "multiple traumatic injuries 2nd motor vehicle collision vs. pedestrian", which means the victim was left incapacitated at the scene, but later died in the hospital. The manner of death is still pending further investigation, and no other information is being released at this time, according to the coroner. The driver who hit Brooks is not being charged, according to a spokesperson at East Baton Rouge Sheriff's Office, who said he was not impaired and contacted emergency personnel immediately. Two good Samaritans reportedly stopped to help Brooks and administered CPR in the pouring rain while first responders guided them on the phone. READ MORE: Bar's alcohol license suspended after girl, 19, is then raped, dumped and run over by car Friends created a floral memorial to honour Brooks along the highway where she was struck. What we know so far about that night Multiple males allegedly raped intoxicated Brooks after picking her up at a local bar before abandoning her on a dark roadway where she was hit by a ride-share driver. Two individuals, a 17-year-old, who cannot be named for legal reasons, and Kaivon Washington, 18, have been arrested and charged with third-degree rape. In addition, Casen Carver, 18, and Everett Lee, 28, were arrested and charged as accomplices to third-degree rape. DON'T MISSTrump is back on Facebook and Instagram [LATEST]Girl, 15, jailed for nine years after stabbing cheerleader [REPORT]Biden hit with new lawsuit as 20 states join fight [INSIGHT] They were believed to be present but did not take part in the alleged crime. A third-degree rape charge generally involves a victim who is “incapable of resisting or of understanding the nature of the act by reason of a stupor or abnormal condition of mind produced by an intoxicating agent or any cause and the offender knew or should have known of the victim’s incapacity”, according to Louisiana law. Prosecutors have vowed to upgrade charges against four males accused of raping the Louisiana State University student. At a bond hearing this week, prosecutors said they would seek to upgrade charges to first-degree rape and plan to convene a grand jury in the case. READ MORE: Four arrested after university student, 19, 'raped then dumped and run over by a car' In the hearing, a judge said that footage shot by one of the suspects – along with other evidence – proves a crime occurred that night. Judge Myers told the court "the evidence to me is clear" adding that it was obvious a crime had occurred before Brooks died. Specifically, Judge Myers said he watched a video of Brooks and the suspects from inside the vehicle, according to the report. He said footage, which was allegedly taken by one of the four suspects, depicted the others "callously" laughing at Brooks, who appeared to slur as she spoke. The video reportedly did not include the alleged rape. The judge also saw footage that showed Brooks inside a local bar, named Reggie’s, earlier in the night as she struggled to stand up and could be seen falling, WAFB reported. Prosecutors are also expected to empanel a grand jury. Judge Myers ordered Washington be held on $150,000 bond in connection with the third-degree rape charge. Carver and Lee, charged as principles, were ordered held on $50,000 and $75,000, respectively.