Stacey Solomon, 33, is now nine months pregnant with her fifth child, barely more than a year after Rose, her first daughter with husband Joe Swash, was welcomed into the world. With just two and a half weeks left before the big day, the Loose Women star - who decided against sharing the news until late last month - has now posted video footage of the baby moving in her belly. The ecstatic mum-to-be showed more than five million followers the video clip, which appeared to show the little one visibly wriggling around, and declared that she was "grateful". "Always wonder what they’re thinking in there," she joked in the caption, before adding: "I’m going with 'Thanks for the packet of Rich Teas, mum!'" The post quickly received almost 250,000 likes, despite fans not being aware of her pregnancy until just after Christmas.  READ NOW: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss "We didn't just find out three days ago when I looked down and was like 'Oh, that's not my usual evening bloat. What's going on?'" she chuckled. However, she added that when she and Joe did find out, "it was past the point people would usually tell people". Stacey had previously insisted she wouldn't be having another child at all, only to be "blessed" with the unexpected pregnancy. She revealed to You magazine that she thought she'd had "enough" children, explaining: "We have to live within our means." She added: "When we were trying to have [daughter Rose], it wasn’t the process we thought it would be, so we were just so grateful to even get pregnant. "I don’t want to push it anymore. This is enough!" She and Joe share their little girl Rose, who was born on Stacey's birthday - October 4, 2022 - and three-year-old son Rex. Stacey also has two sons from previous relationships - 10-year-old Leighton, whose father is ex-partner Aaron Barham, and 14-year-old Zachary, who was fathered by Dean Cox. DON'T MISS... Gino D'Acampo says wife 'knew he would break the cage' in marriage [LATEST] Escape to the Chateau's Angel Strawbridge admits issues at home [INTERVIEW] Jeremy Clarkson blasts council for 'banning' book sales on his farm [DEBATE]  She is enjoying her "blended family" of seven - including Joe's son Harry from his own previous partnership - and they are soon to become eight, much to her delight. Back on Instagram, fans shared in her joy, with @ouralteredlife revealing that watching the baby move had been her "favourite part of pregnancy". "Them knowing me from the inside and me protecting them from the world. Just me and my boys (twins) Beautiful!" the social media user exclaimed.  @mrsslegge added: "I miss this, having a bath made them more excited. Mine are young adults now. What I would give to feel this again." Meanwhile, Stacey's Loose Women co-star Coleen Nolan took to social media to clarify why her co-star's baby news was not announced on the ITV show. "To everyone who has tweeted in wondering why it wasn’t mentioned on today’s @loosewomen, it’s because the episodes between Christmas and New Year were pre-recorded," she explained. Coleen declared that she "couldn't be happier" for Stacey and Joe in a nod to the pair's happy news.