There's not long left until we find out full details about Samsung's new Galaxy S23 range. These flagship devices look set to be unveiled later tomorrow during one of the Korean firm's famous Unpacked events. Things will kick off from 6pm GMT but ahead of the grand unveiling it appears we may know one big upgrade that will be tucked inside these devices and it could give them an advantage over their Android rivals. It's long been rumoured that US chipmaker Qualcomm will be supplying all of the processors for the upcoming Galaxy S23 phones. Now it appears this Snapdragon brain will be a special edition designed specifically for Samsung. A recent post by serial leaker Roland Quandt, has even given fans a glimpse of this chip which appears to be called the Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 for Samsung. Although not confirmed, it's thought that this processor could offer some performance gains over the standard Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 and, if true, it could be an absolute powerhouse. Qualcomm is already promising extra oomph over its previous Gen 1 chip and the S23 could be the Android phone to beat if it gets that even bigger boost. Along with the image posted on social media, another leak claims to show some marketing material from Samsung with the tagline, "Galaxy S23 Ultra, the quest for epic mobile gaming is over." At the bottom of the poster is also another shot of that Snapdragon for Samsung chip. READ MORE: Google bans 12 popular Android apps! Millions warned to delete them now Qualcomm boasted at the end of last year that the 8 Gen 2 would make gaming on phones a more pleasurable experience - thanks to a whopping 25 percent speed upgrade - so it makes sense for Samsung to use that extra performance to push things further. Maybe we'll see console-style performance now arriving on a device that fits in your pocket. Full details will be unleashed tomorrow but Samsung has already hinted that its new Galaxy will be extremely snappy. In a post on its newsroom, Dr. TM Roh President & Head of MX Business, Samsung Electronics revealed some early details about what's coming from the firm including an update on its performance. "Our newest chipset born out of Samsung’s open partnership philosophy enables the fastest and most powerful Galaxy performance," said Roh. Along with that speed, the S23 is also rumoured to feature a refreshed design, improved camera, longer battery life and faster charging. If Samsung follows last year, it's also likely that three models will be unveiled including a standard S23, larger S23+ and the ultimate S23 Ultra which could get that in-built S Pen stylus. Full specs, pricing and a release date will be announced at Unpacked and Express.co.uk will be bringing you all the news live so watch this space.