Burger King’s brand-new range, which was introduced to its menu yesterday, January 4, has something for everyone. Among the fast-food chain’s new additions are plant-based options, helping those who have newly become vegetarians or vegans. Burger King has relaunched its iconic Bacon King range, but, this time, it features a plant-based twist. The new line up takes the Burger King vegetarian menu to the next level, introducing the fully certified vegan Royale Bakon King, packed full of crispy vegan Bakon and vegan Cheeze. The meaty Bacon King has hit menus nationwide, along with the Plant-Based Bakon King – its meat-free sibling. The new addition comes after successful trials during “meat-free takeovers” in London and Bristol last year. During the takeovers, Burger King gave plant-based burgers to passers-by, who offered their feedback. The new Bakon King range products are made with Violife vegan Cheeze and La Vie Bakon – the best in the market when it comes to plant-based ingredients, according to Burger King. Available to eat now, the Plant-Based Bakon King single costs £6.69, while the double costs £7.69. The Vegan Royale Bakon King will set fans back £6.69 and is described as “oozing with flavour, featuring our famous Vegan Royale patty nestled in a soft sesame bun, topped with sizzling vegan Bakon, two slices of smooth vegan Cheeeze, and drizzled with egg-free mayo and ketchup”.  As for the Plant-Based Bakon King, this is a flame-grilled Plant-based Whopper patty in Burger King’s classic Whopper bun, layered with slices of vegan Cheeze and strips of vegan Bakon, topped with egg-free mayo and ketchup. As for the meat range, there is the Bacon King single burger, the Bacon King double burger, and the Chicken Royale Bacon King. This is a meaty twist on its vegan equivalent – a soft bun houses a mouth-watering Royale patty, bacon slices and cheese, topped with creamy mayo and tomato ketchup. Katie Evans, a spokesperson from Burger King, commented on the new range, saying: “We’re incredibly proud of our new menu additions and confident that our customers will enjoy the new plant-based bacon and cheese as much as we have in taste tests. READ MORE: 3 ‘outdated’ hairstyles women 40+ should avoid as 'they age you' “The extension of our plant-based offer reflects our ongoing commitment to serve a diverse and innovative range of products, whilst aiming to reach a 50 percent meat-free menu by 2030.” Romain Jolivet from La Vie said: ”We are very happy to be partnering with Burger King to introduce our multi-awarded plant-based bacon La Vie. “Thanks to the open-mindedness and leadership of Burger King millions of consumers will be able to try our next generation of plant-based bacon.” Simon Lawrence, from Violife Professional also commented, saying: “Whether flexitarian or vegan, we’re delighted that people looking for plant-based options will now be able to enjoy a melting slice of Violife’s plant-based cheese alternative when visiting their local Burger King.” Dawn Carr, from PETA added: “PETA is delighted to support Burger King in the launch of its sensational new Vegan Royale Bakon King burger as part of the Bakon King range.” Burger King is not the only food company to turn to more vegetarian-based options for its consumers. Greggs has this week launched brand-new vegan options, including a vegan breakfast sausage roll and the Vegan Chicken-Free Cajun Roll. Other vegan options at Greggs include the Southern Fried Potato Wedges and the Glazed Ring Doughnut.