Joe Biden has vowed to veto Republican’s who plan to axe spending to solve the debt ceiling crisis. Last week, the US reached its existing debt limit of $31.4 trillion, triggering a debt issuance suspension period which last until June 5. However, once this date is reached, the US will begin to default on its debt, which risks plunging the country into recession. Talks have began between the White House, Senate and Congress on raising the debt ceiling to avoid a potential catastrophe. But the Republican-controlled Congress, which has not yet united on its demands for raising the limit, has already forced Biden to make a stand against spending cuts. “If Republicans try to cut Social Security or Medicare, I will use my veto pen to stop it”, the President said on Twitter. White House spokesperson Karine Jean-Pierre also insisted on Wednesday that Biden is open to hearing ideas on how to cut the debt, but will not negotiate on spending. "If folks have ideas on how to deal with the national debt and lower the debt, he's happy to hear that," she told reporters at the White House. "When it comes to default, we see this as a separate matter." Meanwhile, Republican Speaker of the House Kevin McCarthy reportedly has agreed to leave cuts to Social Security and Medicare off the table, despite previous claims. Joe Manchin, Democrat Senator for West Virginia, told reporters the Speaker agreed to keep spending for the two programmes after talks between the pair yesterday. However, talks have not yielded a solution, and GOP politicians appear to be stuck on what to demand from the President. "We can spend at defence spending levels for the '23 omnibus”, Representative Chip Roy told reporters, hinting at a red line for the party. “We can return to pre-COVID spending levels for the rest of the bureaucratic state, and you can get to better than '22 levels.” READ MORE: Footage shows cars riddled with bullets after cop face off But Senator Rand Paul insisted Republican’s should give up their “sacred cow” and axe military spending. “If we were to have a $100 billion cut — which would still have us spending way more than we spent before COVID — $100 billion cut and free spending,” Paul said. “We would balance our budget in just four years. We have an opportunity here. It could be done. But it would take compromise between both parties. “Republicans would have to give up the sacred cow that says we will never touch a dollar in military, and the Democrats would have to give up the sacred cow that they will never touch a dollar in welfare.” DON'T MISS Horror as mum charged with killing two kids, injuring baby Farm worker in court to face seven murder charges after massacre Biden crosses own red line on Ukraine and pushes world closer to WW3 Meanwhile, former officials and serving politicians who served during the 2011 debt limit negotiations have painted a grim picture of what could happen this time around. Under President Barack Obama, the US faced a potential crisis as the GOP demanded a complex deal of significant future spending cuts. "It feels like there's a desire to get closer and closer to the brink," said David Vandivier, who was a senior Treasury official during the 2011 negotiations. "At a certain point, you don't know where the line is." “I wish I could look at this, having been through a bunch of these, and say there’s going to be a bunch of drama but this is how it gets resolved,” said Brendan Buck, an aide to then-GOP House Speaker John Boehner during the 2011 debt negotiations. “But I don’t know how this gets resolved. There are just huge obstacles here [that] I don’t think were quite as problematic in 2011.”