Amid growing speculation over whether the Royal Family will read Spare, the Prince and Princess of Wales have been mocked after a picture of two people whom resemble the royal couple was released showing them reading Harry's memoir.  The comical image shows the two people sitting up in bed while they study the hardback copy of Spare, complete with the half price sticker. The picture was taken by award-winning artist and photographer Alison Jackson in partnership with Birds Eye Green Cuisine. Another image shows them tucking into a fishless finger sandwich whilst cosying up in bed. It has been dubbed the 'Green Cuisine serves uno-fish-al portrait of the Windsors', however Ms Jackson also released a few more photographs of other famous faces. READ MORE: Meghan Markle was 'wary' about Prince Harry's memoir and may have raised 'gentle concerns' Another image shows doppelgängers of the King and Queen Consort tucking into a meat-free burger from Green Cuisine. Lookalikes of Rishi Sunak and his family are shown in another, all sat around a dining table. Speaking of her work, Ms Jackson said: "My work is all about bringing the imagined private lives of public figures to light through art. It is that peep behind the door we all want to see. "With my 'Veganuary Reimagined' series it is easy to imagine that King Charles and Queen Camilla would want to add more plant-based options to their diets, particularly given his quest for more environmental consciousness. READ MORE: William and Charles 'extremely angry' with Harry as Sussexes' pal exposes 'major rift' "Or that the Prime Minister would gather for a meat-free dinner with his family to embrace Veganuary as he takes a break from running the country. "Or how William and Kate would want to enjoy a moment to themselves for a plant-based brunch in bed and a break from busy schedules." Prince William was met with a bunch of claims in Harry's book. The 38-year-old claimed that William had physically attacked him in 2019, after a disagreement over Meghan Markle. DON'T MISS Harry also claimed that William and himself had begged their father, King Charles III not to marry Camilla. Harry described his stepmother as "dangerous" and, during his interview with CBS's 60 Minutes, which aired earlier this month, he accused her of leaking stories about the family to the British media. With its high level of controversy, Harry's book was announced as the UK's fastest-selling book within its first 24 hours of release.