Searches for 'side hustles' increased 48 percent in 2022 as more and more people are looking to earn an extra income on top of their full-time job - a figure that is predicted to explode in the next five years by 441 percent. Research by TollFreeForwarding.com explained five online side hustles people can do from the comfort of their own home including being paid to watch Netflix, YouTube and TikTok videos.  One side hustle that skyrocketed in the past year and is expected to grow 5400 percent in 2023, is Netflix tagger where people can expect to earn around £20 an hour. A Netflix tagger is someone who watches TV shows and movies and then tags them by genre and other descriptors so others on the platform can find content easier. Meanwhile, time stamping is a side gig where people are paid to watch YouTube videos and find one-to-two-minute clips to put onto TikTok. The pay can range from £2,000 to upwards of £5,000 per month depending on the creator. READ MORE: Date when Universal Credit claimants will get cost of living boost Searches for ‘virtual assistant’ are also expected to increase 137 percent in the next five years and is a popular work-from-home option. Virtual assistants can easily make £30 to £60 an hour depending on the client and is usually flexible and can be fitted around everyday life. In addition, transcribing audio and video into text is a relatively easy and flexible way to earn some extra cash in someone's free time - a number of job openings on sites like TranscribeMe give starting wages averaging £15 - £22 per audio hour. Online focus groups can also be a great source of spare income and can make someone an average of £25 an hour.  DON'T MISSinflation rate in the UK drops to 10.5% [ALERT]State pension triple lock increase means 'better year' for older Brits [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis warns millions of cash ISA savers are being underpaid [WARNING] Five online side hustles to consider:  If those options don't tickle someone's fancy, GoDaddy has just conducted research which show more traditional skills among the top 10 most popular side hustles. Number one is pet sitting, followed by jewellery maker and dog groomer - handyman, gardener and private tutor also make the top 10. Another idea is mystery shopping - it won’t earn people a fortune but it could help someone put a little bit of money aside and enjoy free luxuries. Blogger Jane Hawkes recently shared some tips for people looking to try mystery shopping as a side gig.  One woman told Express.co.uk how she made £120 in less than 30 seconds by selling an old mobile phone. Millie Wright, a 24-year-old from London stumbled across the Twig app where she sold her iPhone 8 for £120 and got paid straight away. She told Express.co.uk: “With reselling online, you always have to second guess who you are buying from or who you are selling to. “I am so happy to have found Twig as now I can afford luxuries that perhaps I would have to put on the backburner in my 20s but are all things I really want to do." 