Carol Vorderman sizzled as she donned a tight ensemble in the video first shared by This Morning's Alison Hammond today. The Countdown legend showcased her incredible curves in the cheeky clip which featured some familiar faces, including Judge Robert Rinder, Denise Welch and Alex Scott. The 62-year-old also shared the dancing video with her 293,000 followers. The age-defying beauty could be seen sporting a fitted beige top in an eye-popping display which she teamed with a pair of bright orange leggings. Carol explained she attended a health retreat for the past ten days and was joined by a host of famous faces. She captioned the clip: "LAST DAY AT JUICY OASIS @jasonvale. READ MORE: BBC's This Farming Life star's death probed as family 'devastated' "Our @alisonhammond55 just made this reel...we'd no idea what was going on. @alexscott2 @jasonvale @robrinder @sarahwillingham @denise_welch @jules__sampson." In the video Carol could be seen giving a smouldering look to the camera as her blonde tresses hung over her shoulders. The TV star donned dark eyeliner with a nude lip as she gave a little dance to the camera. Also seen in the video was BBC's Alex Scott shaking her long braids, while ITV favourite Alison performed a two-step routine, Judge Rinder gave a smouldering look to the camera while Loose Women's Denise swayed throwing her hands in the air.  The impromptu performance was performed over Coi Leray's Players viral song. Social media users flocked to the comment section as they gushed over Carol's appearance. Rob penned: "Absolutely brilliant." Crazy Ace quipped: "Needs more Vorders." DON'T MISS... Richard Gere in rare red carpet appearance with decades younger wife[LATEST]Maya Jama will be 'as involved as I can' as viewers make comparison[LOVE ISLAND]Brenda Edwards says 'pain will never leave me' in heartbreaking post[ADMISSION] Aron wrote: "Carol you really are a magnificent woman." Pearl penned: "Looks like you're having a ball," while Tech added: "You are the brightest Carol." This Morning's Alison also shared the video with her 1.2 million followers receiving close to 10,000 likes in under an hour. Carol recently jetted off to Portugal for a juice retreat and has since shared photos from the vacation. The former Countdown host managed to drop a dress size in just two weeks when she previously attended the retreat in August. Juicy Oasis is a seven-day retreat and have a range of facilities to offer to guests. A typical day consists of meditation, followed by yoga, then a walk and circuit training. Guests then have juice, a spin glass and another session of yoga.