Customers do not need to contact British Gas to claim the support as the company will identify eligible prepayment meter customers and send them the help. The supplier has committed to several other means of help for hard-up users as it pledges £10million in further support. The group will also carry out extra vulnerability checks to ensure support is properly targeted at those in need, helping to identify where a customer has self-disconnected. Managers have also committed to no remote switching of customers to prepayment meters over the winter months, unless an individual requests it. Another commitment is to make sure those struggling with energy costs have a smart prepayment meter. The smart device means issues can be identified quickly and support is provided if a customer needs help. Chris O’Shea, Chief Executive of Centrica, parent company of British Gas said: “We know that some prepayment customers are self-disconnecting and not coming forward for help, so we have reviewed our policies to do more to target support at this group. READ MORE: Thousands of state pensioners get less than £100 a week but payment boost to come in April "As a responsible business we are doing all we can to support our customers during this crisis – our work with the British Gas Energy Trust provides grants and money advice services. "As well as helping our customers with much needed cash grants, I’m really proud of how our teams are giving expert advice and support at this busy time to help guide people through this crisis. "Our call centres are helping around a million energy customers each month with their bills and our engineers are in homes every day advising customers on how to be more energy efficient and make savings.” British Gas has a £50million voluntary support package in place and has previously committed to contributing 10 percent of energy supply profits to the British Gas Energy Support Fund throughout the energy crisis, backdated to the start of 2022. The support fund offers grants up to £1,500 to help families clear their energy debt. It includes an Individual and Families Fund, open to all Britons.  The debt must apply to a person’s primary residence and must be related to an active energy account. British Gas has also doubled the size of emergency credit top ups so customers can add more to their meters if they can’t top up. The group has also partnered with the Post Office to offer in-person money and energy advice in local branches, with 18 new locations in January. The supplier takes part in the Warm Homes Discount scheme providing a £150 discount on bills to eligible customers. People on the Guarantee Credit element of Pension Credit in England, Wales and Scotland may receive the support, if they meet other criteria. READ MORE: 'Can't afford to stop’: Brits forced to work into later life as ‘pensions won’t stretch’ Others on low incomes who are on certain means-tested benefits may also get the support, such as those on Universal Credit or Working Tax Credit. Average energy bills are currently £2,500 a year, with the Government’s Energy Price Guarantee capping the unit price of energy. The guarantee is increasing in March when average annual bills will go up to £3,000 a year, increasing the pressure on household budgets. All UK households are currently receiving a £400 discount on their energy bills. People in England, Scotland and Wales have been getting the discount in instalments, from October 2022 to March 2023. The first two instalments were for £66 while the payments from December to March are for £67. Those on traditional prepayment meters are receiving the discount each month as vouchers, which have to be redeemed within three months of being issued. Financial journalist Martin Lewis recently urged Britons to make sure they redeem their vouchers so they don’t miss out on the discount. People in Northern Ireland are receiving the £400 in a lump sum as part of a larger £600 payment which is being issued in stages, starting from this week. Consumers who pay by prepayment meter (keypad) will receive the money as a voucher, which will arrive in the post. An individual then has to redeem the voucher at the Post Office. They will need to take with them the voucher, the letter from their supplier, a proof of address, photo ID and a bank card.