50 Cent took to Instagram to confirm he is working with Eminem on a TV seres based on the critically acclaimed film 8 Mile. The pair, who are old friends, have been reported to be working on a series together for some time. However, on Friday 6 January, 50 Cent confirmed the news with his followers on Instagram. He shared a shot of a headline which read: “50 Cent says he’s collaborating with Eminem on 8 Mile TV Show.” 50 Cent, also know as Curtis James Jackson, captioned it: “Yeah and you thought i was PLAYING around, Im so serious man ! this is gonna be crazy. #bransoncognac #lecheminduroi.” Fans rushed to share their excitement over the news in the comments section. READ MORE: Tom Chambers pays tribute to Father Brown star Mark Williams Lord_Beezy added: “This might be dope. It should kick off where the movie ended.” Dunne08 commented: “50 don’t miss with TV shows, this gonna be.” “My favorite movie being made into a tv show is wild,” shared illnature_88. However some fans begged 50 Cent to leave the movie alone, as Sochstar posted: “Stop it! Please that movie ended on a good note! We don’t need the series! We saw everything we needed to see.” Daijuelzz2 posted: “No respectfully the movie was enough we get it done need nomore.” It came after he spoke in an interview with Big Boy TV about developing the show. 50 Cent said: “I wanna bring, I’m gonna bring, 8 Mile to television. “It’s gonna be big. I’m working. I ain’t got no duds. I’m batting 100. DON'T MISS...BMF season 2: Star drops hint at trouble ahead of Markaisha and Terry [SPOILER]BMF star on reason she agreed to Markaisha role [EXCLUSIVE]BMF season 2: Lucille star hints at devastating break up with Charles [LATEST] “I think it should be there for his legacy because it’s important to me that they understand it. “I think it should be there for his legacy, because if you don’t see… it’s important to me that they understand it, you know what I mean?” He explained he wanted to make sure people knew about Eminem’s roots and his impact in the music industry. It wasn’t the only TV news the rapper shared on Friday as he also confirmed BMF would continue. The popular series would include three spin-offs which are currently in the works. He posted on Instagram: “The BMF Immortal’s 1, 2, and 3 are coming! BOOM. “Now i’m gonna Top the POWER UNIVERSE. you know the vibes! #bransoncognac #lecheminduroi.” (sic) Power and BMF are available to stream on Starz and Lionsgate+