Victoria Beckham, 48, enjoyed a year of "double-digit growth" in 2022, but it has emerged that her company has still made losses of £66.3 million since it was first founded, reports claim. It comes as her son Brooklyn, 23 and wife Nicola, 28, celebrated Christmas in the US. The fashion entrepreneur's business performance has improved significantly since 2020, with 2021 figures for Victoria Beckham Holdings Ltd indicating that she made a loss of £5,887,036, compared to £8,581,944 the previous year, the Mirror reports. She also won praise from fellow celebrities for diversifying and making a wider range of clothing sizes available under her brand name, VB Body. Explaining her decision to stock styles in up to a UK size 18, she declared that she now felt "wanting to be really thin" was an "old-fashioned attitude". However, in spite of enjoying 13 per cent sales growth in 2021, taking the brand up to £41 million for that year, overall losses remain large the publication claimed. READ NOW: Kirstie Allsopp says Harry and Meghan are 'in bed with the devil' Meanwhile, Victoria faced spending Christmas without one of her children, as eldest son Brooklyn and his wife enjoyed the festive holiday close to Nicola's own parents in the US. Victoria attempted to be optimistic, jokingly wearing a T-shirt printed with the words All I Want For Christmas Is David Beckham, as she snuggled up to her husband at their spacious home in the Cotswolds countryside. "I got what I wanted this Christmas!" she told her followers. However, she admitted her heartache when she plaintively added: "We love and miss you, Brooklyn!"  Brooklyn has spoken of his desire to become a respected professional chef, while Nicola would like to continue impressing as an actress - and they've been attending a number of showbiz events across the pond. "They’re really keen to expand their influential circle, and they’re looking for cool types who are making serious waves in the entertainment world," the source added. Yet while Brooklyn and Nicola soak up the sun in Miami, it's believed that Victoria is longing to see her son. That said, she did share a photo yesterday of herself and Nicola on Instagram, using the opportunity to wish her daughter-in-law, who turned 28 on January 9, a "very happy birthday". Meanwhile, Victoria is continuing to focus on turning her fashion business around, which, according to new accounts filed this week, has expanded to incorporate new products. According to The Mirror, these include leather goods and the highly sought after VB Body range. Announcing on Instagram that women wanted to accentuate their "boobs and bum" these days, she shared that her products in her new line were made from a tight-knit jersey fabric which she feels is more flattering on curvier women, clinging "to the parts of our bodies we want to celebrate".