The primary function of a radiator is to heat the room it’s in. Naturally, if households notice something’s wrong with their room’s temperature, they would check the radiator first. The most common problem is cold spots on the radiator, whether on the bottom or on the top. These so-called cold spots occur when there’s an obstruction preventing the water from flowing inside the radiator, and so the places it doesn’t reach are left unheated. To help Britons avoid spending hundreds getting their radiators fixed, Matthew Jenkins, energy expert at myjobquote.co.uk has shared “easy DIY steps” to follow if this issue happens. He said: “There can be multiple reasons why a radiator could be lacking heat at the bottom, however, the most common reason for a cold-bottomed radiator is a build of sludge and debris. “Due to radiators being a constant damp environment, over the years we often see a buildup of debris which is an accumulation of dirt and rust. “Over time, this accumulation can begin to restrict and block the flow of hot water, causing parts of the radiator to lack the ability to heat. “Due to a blockage, water is redirected to other parts of the radiator, meaning the bottom may not be reached by the flow of hot water.” READ MORE: Five ‘easy’ methods to prevent condensation, dampness and mould Luckily, the expert suggested that there are several “easy DIY steps” to take "yourself" in order to fix the problem, before having to call out the professionals. One step households can take to remove the sludge from their radiator is to add a chemical cleaner to the radiator system. To do this, Mathew advised purchasing a central heating system cleaner from a local hardware store and adding the correct amount instructed on the bottle to the radiator system. He explained: “Let your heaters run for around an hour, before flushing it out and replacing the water. Flushing your radiator out will involve removing your radiator from the wall, so if you are not comfortable doing this yourself, always call a professional to carry out the task.” Usually, a chemical cleaner will get the job done in an hour or so, according to Matthew. However, for those dealing with a huge build-up of sludge, they may want to leave their chemical cleaner in the radiator for up to a week before flushing. DON'T MISSMould will ‘vanish’ from bathroom sealant and grout with 95p spray [TIPS]‘Basic steps’ to follow when pruning wisteria for ‘healthy’ branches [EXPERT]‘Fastest solutions’ to fix a toilet that ‘won’t flush’ [INSIGHT] This will give the cleaner time to break down all of the dirt and debris that has collected over the previous years. The energy pro added: “Always remember to flush the radiator and replace the water after a chemical clean to ensure your radiator is safe for use in your home.” For those against using a chemical cleaner and would rather go down an eco-friendly, non-toxic route, Matthew noted that Britons can opt to remove their radiator and clean it themselves. To do this, the expert instructed: “In preparation for cleaning your radiator you should first isolate your radiator by closing the lockshield valve to avoid any excess water leakage. “Make sure your central heating system is switched off and the water inside has been left to fully cool. Allowing the interior water to cool completely before cleaning will avoid any serious injury. READ MORE: Five ‘effective’ tips to keep your home ‘warmer for longer’ for less “To close the lockshield valve, it may be necessary to use a spanner. If you have a thermostatic radiator valve (TRV), turn this down to zero. If your radiator does not have this function, you will need to turn a second valve on the opposite end with a spanner. “Next you’ll need to empty out the water inside your radiator, so prepare your surroundings in case of spillage. Ensure your flooring is waterproof, and if not, lay down towels and keep buckets handy. “Use a bleed key to open the valve at the top of the radiator. This will allow airflow to move through the system, and water will begin to pour from loosened valves.” Once water has stopped pouring from the valves, it is advised to disconnect the radiator from the wall and pour the remainder of the water out. "It’s important to not fully undo any valves while disconnecting the radiator, as this can cause water to flow from your central heating system which may “flood your home”, warned the pro. Use a hose to give the radiator a quick blast, which should shake and remove any remnants and debris from the interior pipes. Ensure the water runs clean, and then reattach the radiator to the wall, attaching the fixtures and turning all valves back to their original positions. Once the water begins to flow back into the system, households should then close the bleed valve and give the central heating system a test run to assess whether everything is functioning sufficiently. The last step Matthew suggested Britons can take to fix a radiator that is cold at the bottom is a power flush. He said: “A power flush is a process that is best left to the professionals, as it requires specialist equipment. Power flushing your radiator is a great process for those looking for multiple radiators to be cleaned. “Power flushing is basically the same process as cleaning an individual radiator, however, a specialist will push water and cleaning chemicals at a high pressure through your central heating system to clean out the entire structure. If more than one of your radiators are acting up, this may be the best option for you.”