Which makes it all the more mystifying (and enraging) that this time, when it is in her gift to be on the side of right, she is dragging her heels. Indeed, if Chancellor Olaf Schloz could take his head out of his backside for just a second, he could also be on the winning side for a change. But that, of course, would require political courage. As every analyst worth their salt will tell you, the Ukraine war is about to get nasty. Which is not to understate the vile horrors Vladimir Putin (and he alone) has unleashed on Ukraine, Europe and the wider world since February 24 last year, but it seems the highly anticipated Spring offensive will make all military action thus far seem like a warm-up act. It seems too the initial embarrassing Russian hotch-potch around Kyiv last year and the steady devolution into a missile and drone war will end and a more traditional plane and tank war will ensue. And this time the Russians, learning from their cock-ups, will be better organised, better equipped and, crucially, better supplied. A Russian tank offensive, supported by fighter aircraft, is expected. Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky wants a lightning offensive of his own before the Russians are fully prepared. The fearsome and fearless Ukraine forces can of course win this war and batter the Russians (and Putin) into submission. But they need hardware - and right now that means tanks. But the tanks they really need are German. And Germany, incomprehensibly, has said no. The German Leopard 2 is the go-to tank of the moment. US alternatives (M1 Abrams) are faster and flashier but the Leopard 2 is the VW Golf of mobile artillery - it does everything well and is ubiquitous. It is easy to service and supply and to train up crews. But not only does Germany refuse to supply (indeed sell) the tank but a strict licensing deal means it has effectively banned the 13 other European armies which use the Leopard 2 from helping Ukraine too (they are Austria, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, and Turkey). It is unconscionable. It's as if Germany's Chancellor Olaf Scholz is on Putin's side. If Putin wins in Ukraine, make no mistake, the whole of Europe will be on a war-footing. A patchwork of alliances and counter-alliances will be drawn up and the political landscape will start to look rather like it did in the run-up to both world wars. Even EU doves know this, which is why even Brussels' Josep Borrell, who deals with top Security and Foreign Affairs, said: "I think Ukraine needs the combat arms and heavy tanks that it has asked for and some European countries are prepared to give and I hope that is the decision that is taken." And European Council President Charles Michel added: “The following weeks could be decisive in Ukraine”. Britain has led the way supplying 14 Challenger 2 tanks (a powerful but oddball beast which does not use NATO standard ordnance). This is nowhere near enough (Ukrainian military officials have said they need about 300 battle tanks) but as Ian Williams, deputy director of Center for International Studies Missile Defense Project said: “The British goal is to get the ball rolling. "I think they recognize that a dozen tanks are not going to turn the tide. But the hope is that somebody had to go first." And it worked. Poland offered a unit of Leopard 2's - only to be blocked by Germany which is playing a weird game of cat and mouse with the US demanding Uncle Sam supply her Abrams tanks first. Good politics? Lack of bottle? Or is something more complex in the German national character still carrying the guilt of two world wars? Who cares? If Ukraine doesn't get the tanks she needs the Bundestag might unwittingly find itself implicated in the Third. You can know with 100 percent certainty that the Kremlin is terrified of Ukraine getting its hands on 300 modern tanks precisely because the Kremlin has issued a statement saying Russia is totally unconcerned. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said: "One should not exaggerate the importance of such supplies in terms of the ability to change something. "This will add problems for Ukraine, but this will change nothing in terms of the Russian side advancing on the path to achieving its goals." Really. Zelensky addressed a meeting of NATO defence representatives at Ramstein USAF base in Germany (discussing the supply of weapons) this morning and said: "The Kremlin must lose. You can start this policy today. "It is in your power to make a Ramstein of tanks. Not to bargain about different numbers of tanks but to open the principle of supply that will stop Russian evil." And isn't stopping Russian evil what we all want?