Oasis, Blur, Suede and Pulp were the big four bands which led the musical trend, glamorising the UK under Tony Blair’s New Labour and unleashing a wave of creativity as a new century beckoned. Now Blur, who made headlines on the News At Ten in 1995 when they clashed with arch-rivals Oasis in a battle for the Number One spot, are reuniting for two huge shows this summer. And they’re not alone. Sheffield’s Pulp are also reforming for a tour. Suede never quite split up, and both Noel and Liam Gallagher continue to pursue successful solo careers, packing out festivals and venues and playing their biggest Oasis hits, albeit separately. But it was Blur who more than any sparked the musical movement, lighting up the 90s with a string of classic hits including Parklife, Girls And Boys, Song 2 and Tender. They perhaps also bore the brunt of the backlash against the cartoon tendencies of the label. Lauded as one of the hippest bands to achieve mainstream success, they are due to play the biggest shows of their career when they reunite after seven years to headline Wembley Stadium for nearly 200,000 fans in July. You could say the nation is sorely in need of their joyful anthems. “Blur live shows are always amazing for me,” says guitarist Graham Coxon. “It’s a nice guitar, an amp turned right up and loads of smiling faces.” Despite believing he could have enjoyed the band’s success more, Graham admits to frustrations with popular culture at the time, and Blur’s portrayal within that. He cites the infamous Blur v Oasis battle as an example. At the height of the Britpop craze, their rivalry set the news agenda when their respective singles Country House and Roll With It were released in the same week. When the two bands clashed, accepted wisdom stated Oasis were the grittier, working-class musicians, as opposed to the middle-class, artier Blur. But Graham had met singer Damon Albarn at Stanway Comprehensive School in Colchester, Essex. His dad Bob was a bandleader in the Army and mum Pauline worked for Nestle. “The class battle between Blur and Oasis was an unfortunate simplification,” he tells the Express. “Any differences we had weren’t in terms of class, but that’s how it was put across. My parents were both working class and I was an Army kid, so I didn’t grow up in the lap of luxury. “The working-class versus middle-class portrayal of our bands was really part of the simplification of north versus south.” The fact it was a slightly jokey song, Country House, which put Blur up against Oasis didn’t help. To match the chart-topping single’s mood, artist Damien Hirst directed a knockabout video starring models including Jo Guest in a parody of Benny Hill sketches.Graham admits today: “That video looks embarrassing now, but it was embarrassing at the time too. I’d like to say the video was ironic, but I don’t know if it was. I still can’t get my head around it.” While Blur won the singles battle, narrowly beating Oasis to number one, cultural critics have tended to suggest the Oasis album it came from, (What’s The Story) Morning Glory?, ultimately eclipsed Blur’s own LP, The Great Escape. Graham remains sanguine about the whole thing. The modest star doesn’t even believe he’s a great musician, despite his infectious riffs helping to propel his band to the top. “I’m still fairly limited on the guitar. As a guitarist, I have a lot of bad habits,” he smiles. “Often, I don’t use the guitar like a guitar should be used. I only want to use it to make sounds appropriate to the song I’m playing, so my technique is strange. I’ve been told I play more like I’m playing drums than the guitar.” Despite his self-criticism, Graham acknowledges his style worked on Blur’s songs across chart-topping albums including Modern Life Is Rubbish, Parklife, The Great Escape, Blur and 13. He explains: “I played around with musical cliches in Blur. I was evoking 1950s guitar playing, and that gave Blur’s songs some humour.” Graham’s self-effacing attitude is typical for a musician whose disarming honesty makes his new autobiography, Verse, Chorus, Monster! a charming and conversational read about life at the top as a musician, as well as honestly describing his anxiety and alcohol addiction. The guitarist admits he was drunk for much of Blur’s success. Today he reveals his frustrations that the band got caught up in the business side of the industry, rather than being left to create music. Graham says: “I don’t think we could have done anything differently about the business side of music itself. But my response to it could have been different. “I could have been more accepting that this is what the business I’d got into was like. The question was: ‘Do you have a rough time kicking against it, or do you cope with it and accept it?’ I should have gone with it a little more and tried to enjoy it more.” He despairs of the sexist attitudes of the period, saying: “There was a resurgence of sexism towards women, with ‘new lad’ culture. Us being in the mainstream alongside all of that was a shock for me. I had to go along with the Country House video – I couldn’t not be in it. The women starring in it weren’t victims, but some of the edits in how the women were depicted were a little ungenerous.” At the time, Graham was dating Jo Johnson, bassist in punk band Huggy Bear, who fought against New Laddism. The video caused issues in friendships and his relationship. Graham’s struggles with alcohol were beginning to take hold at the time. He’d been a compulsive drinker before Blur formed, and was even knocked down by a car while drunk on the day the band signed their record deal with EMI. The guitarist eventually entered rehab in 2001, the day after his daughter Pepper’s first birthday. He had occasional relapses, but has been sober since a three-day binge in 2017. Graham, 53, explains: “There’s a phrase in Alcoholics Anonymous, ‘The gift of desperation’, about needing rather than wanting to become sober. In 2017, I guess I was desperate. “That relapse was enough for my anxiety to really bother me. I got in touch with someone I knew I could talk to about addiction and I had a determination to get on with it. “I don’t want to bang on about AA’s 12-step programme to get sober, but it’s worked for me and for a lot of other people. Staying sober is a work in progress at all times, involving self-reflection and self-evaluation, pretty much every day.” Writing Verse, Chorus, Monster! made Graham appreciate “I’m not the lost, hopeless person I thought I was. I’m a lot saner and more emotionally intelligent than I thought”. But the guitarist thinks his relationships in Blur with Damon, bassist Alex James and drummer Dave Rowntree are likely to stay the same. Graham ponders: “The dynamic between us is still the same, though we’re a lot calmer and more grateful for what we’ve achieved. Blur isn’t a matter of life and death anymore. Saying that, all our eccentricities have become magnified now we’re older, but we’ve become accepting of them.” As well as making a series of solo albums plus the soundtracks for successful sitcoms The End Of The F***ing World and I Am Not Okay With This, Graham has started new duo The Waeve with his partner, singer/keyboardist Rose Elinor Dougall. The couple began writing songs together in 2020 when Graham moved back to London from Los Angeles following the breakdown of his marriage to artist Essy Syed. Rose, 36, and Graham slowly became more serious and have a three-month-old daughter. Graham reveals: “We’d both had a crap year when we met, and we were very careful. We were quite cautious about becoming a couple. We have a huge mutual respect, and being together is a lot about just having a laugh.” Having previously thought that “domesticity equals tedium”, Graham is delighted to have found happiness with Rose, saying: “I’d had a long time of domesticity seemingly not being possible. I wasn’t ready to sit in an armchair next to the window, smoking a pipe, for the rest of my life. We have a gratitude that all of that can now be a reality.” The couple are able to work together blissfully too, as Graham smiles: “I trust Rose’s ideas. I’m a bit dithery and would rather a song lasts 10 minutes than commit to any edit. Rose is great at that sort of stuff. She’ll make my songs a lot richer and shorter, and I like pushing her voice to be harder than she’s been advised to before.” Graham only has one major concern in his busy life: “If haven’t spent at least three hours working on new music for a couple of days, I do get a bit grumpy.”