Sam Smith, who goes by they/them pronouns, debuted the new single on The Graham Norton Show last Friday in a live performance. The 30-year-old shared that the lyrics are based on experiences of being “friend-zoned” time and again on dates. Alongside the single for new album Gloria, I’m Not Here to Make Friends has a controversial new music video that is getting lambasted for its “hyper-sexualised” depictions. The new music video depicts the Oscar-winner arriving at a castle in a huge pink coat before performing inside with dancers wearing nipple tassels, suspenders and corsets. Other scenes filmed them thrusting on a bed in black leather undergarments, while a fountain of water is also sprayed into the Bond theme singer’s mouth. In response to the divisive footage, which already has almost two million views in two days on YouTube, former GB News’ Alex Phillips has slammed it as “unhealthy” for society on ITV’s Good Morning Britain, when Richard Madeley was corrected for “misgendering” Smith as “he” instead of “they”. Phillips said: “You have had to edit a lot of that video down to be able to show it on television. The point is that teenagers and young people are the audience who are watching these things and it doesn't come with a block. They are fully available on YouTube and TikTok. We live an age now where porn is becoming so normalised. It is in music videos, it is in fast fashion that is being marketed to teens and we also live in an age where we know that people are getting sexually assaulted at school. You are having to have websites where people are saying ‘I am going through these terrible experiences’. You have got filth going on in WhatsApp groups among police officers. I don't think it is a coincidence that the reporting of things like sexual assaults and sexual attacks, relationships falling apart, the swipe left and swipe right generation. It is bad, it is unhealthy, it is not good for society and this is a symptom of it.” READ MORE: WATCH: Sam Smith's stunning Writing's On The Wall James Bond video from SPECTRE  The former GB News host also pointed out how it was currently not possible to stop children from viewing the “extreme sex scenes” in the video. DON'T MISSRadiohead James Bond: Why was Radiohead's James Bond song rejected? [BOND]'Insecurity stops me being a massive pr**k' Sam Smith on Bond [SMITH]'Daniel Craig is NOT my favourite James Bond' Sam Smith [BOND] Phillips added: “The problem is the graphic portrayal of what would be extreme sex scenes. It is all very well saying don't let your children watch it, kids have handsets and mobile phones - they are going to see it. You cannot protect your kids from things like this. It doesn't come with a content warning, you don't have to put a credit card in and prove that you're 18 to watch this video.” Although many agreed with her on social media, calling it “monstrous”, “offensive” and vulgar” others defended Smith’s video, pointing out sexualised videos by female singers. And one tweeted: "Blimey, Lots of pearl clutching! Does anyone remember the 70s and 80s. Remember the Tubes or Divine? Move on everyone It's been done before.” SOURCE