Joe Biden's decision to send 31 Abrams tanks to Ukraine is a stunning U-turn on the President's previous pronouncements. The President has been reluctant to send in tanks and other high-grade military equipment, lest it drags America and its allies into direct conflict with Russia. Back in March last year, Biden said in a speech: “The idea that we're going to send in offensive equipment, and have planes and tanks and trains going in with American pilots and American crews - just understand. "Don't kid yourself. No matter what you all say, that's called World War III. Okay? Let's get it straight here guys." Commenting on the decision to send in tanks, the President said the armoured capability has been "critical for Ukraine" and the US "will train Ukrainian troops as soon as possible" - adding that Germany had "really stepped up support" of Mr Zelenskyy's troops. Alongside the tanks, the US will also send eight M88 recovery vehicles in a military package worth $400m (£323m). Planes and trains are still off the table but the decision to send in Abrams will be viewed by Moscow as a significant escalation in the conflict. READ MORE: Biden confirms US will send Kyiv new batch of most 'capable tanks in world' Last week, Dmitry Medvedev, the deputy head of Russia’s Security Council and key ally of President Vladimir Putin, warned that defeat for Russia in Ukraine could lead to nuclear conflict. The timing of the warning seems calibrated to deter allies from sending more military equipment to Ukraine ahead of a fresh offensive. The former Russian president made the threat in a Telegram post ahead of a key meeting of NATO allies and other nations in Germany, where they are expected to make additional pledges of military support to Kyiv. “The loss of a nuclear power in a conventional war can provoke the outbreak of a nuclear war,” Medvedev wrote. “Nuclear powers do not lose major conflicts on which their fate depends. DON'T MISSTrump is back on Facebook and Instagram [LATEST]Girl, 15, jailed for nine years after stabbing cheerleader [REPORT]Biden hit with new lawsuit as 20 states join fight [INSIGHT] “This should be obvious to anyone. Even to a Western politician who has retained at least some trace of intelligence.” Despite the warning, allies have now signed off on deliveries of tanks to Ukraine, with Germany giving the greenlight. It has pledged to send 14 Leopard tanks to Ukraine, and to allow other countries to follow suit. This follows Britain, which announced the shipment of 14 challengers two weeks ago. READ MORE: Putin’s 'Wacky Races' style Wagner Wagon branded 'battlefield taxi' unfit for Ukraine war Germany has also authorised other countries to now rex-export the German-made Leopards to Ukraine. The Ukrainian president has praised allies for its decision to step in ahead of an expected Russian offensive. Volodymyr Zelensky has singled out Germany, Britain and America for leading the way on the decision. "Overall I am very thankful to the world for the support for Ukraine. But speaking frankly, the number of tanks and the delivery time to Ukraine is critical," he told Sky News. After the announcement, the Kremlin said: "These tanks will burn down just like all the other ones." The Russian embassy in Berlin condemned the move as an "extremely dangerous decision" and an "escalation" of the conflict.