  On Tuesday, Princess Eugenie announced that she is expecting her second child. The new baby will change the current line of succession to the British throne as it will be the 13th in line to the throne.      Princess Eugenie took to her Instagram page to make the pregnancy announcement and posted a picture of her son August kissing her baby bump. As the caption, Princess Eugenie wrote: “We’re so excited to share that there will be a new addition to our family this summer.” Cressida Bonas, who is a close friend of the princess, liked the photograph instantly. Cressida is known for her relationship with Prince Harry, who she dated from May 2012 to April 2014 and was introduced to the prince by Princess Eugenie. It was reported that Cressida and Prince Harry ended their relationship amicably as in 2018 she was a guest at the royal wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle.     Buckingham Palace also made an official statement to announce the pregnancy. They said: “Princess Eugenie and Mr Jack Brooksbank are pleased to announce they are expecting their second child this summer. “The family are delighted and August is very much looking forward to being a big brother.” Princess Eugenie's mother, Sarah Ferguson also shared a heartfelt message in response to the announcement, and commented: "Superb news, Granny heaven…. So deeply grateful." READ MORE: Princess Eugenie and Jack tipped for major house move     The happy announcement comes at a time the Royal Family has been facing controversy due to Prince Harry’s recent memoir ‘Spare’. Royal expert and journalist Katie Nicholl said in an interview with OK! Magazine that both Princess Eugenie and Sarah Ferguson appear to be trying to keep the peace with both Prince William and Prince Harry. She said: "Eugenie along with her mother has been able to have a foot in each camp and I think unlike the palace staff who had to put their stake in one team or another, Eugenie has managed to tow that line. “I suspect it’s something of a comfort to both Harry and William that if they’re not speaking directly, they might at least learn something about the other’s lives, not by tuning into Netflix, but from their cousin." DON'T MISS:Prince Harry was 'brought up better' and should remember Diana [REVEAL]King Charles is showing ‘weakness’ in response to Harry and Andrew [INSIGHT]Charlotte could get unique royal title due to King's 'change of heart' [REPORT]      Meanwhile, Cressida recently gave birth herself at the end of 2022 and in November she was spotted pushing her newborn baby in a pram. She and her husband Harry Wentworth-Stanley have reportedly named their child Wilbur, after Harry’s brother who took his own life at age 21 in 2006. Cressida has previously spoken out about the pain her husband’s family has gone through due to losing Wilbur. In an interview with the Daily Mail, she said: "He was a student at Newcastle University and, growing up, he had never shown any obvious signs of depression or mental illness, "He was fun, sporty, kind and popular. Many have said he was a golden boy."   