Prince Harry said he was "stunned" when the Firm took away his security detail when he stepped back from his position as a senior working royal. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's security was removed as a result of their status change when the couple briefly moved to Canada in 2020.   "I was stunned that my family would allow security to be taken away, especially at the most vulnerable point for us," Prince Harry told ABC News' Michael Strahan on Prince Harry: In His Own Words. He added: "Maybe they didn't understand the concerns that I had. I mean, I listed them, I laid them out." When Strahan asked whether the Firm didn't "understand" Prince Harry's concerns or if they "didn't care" the Duke of Sussex responded: "I think probably a little bit of both." Harry's lawyers said last year that the Duke had "inherited a security risk at birth, for life" and said there had been "well-documented threats" from neo-Nazi and extremists. Harry also took the Home Office to court in 2022 for its decision not to allow police protect him when he returned to the UK, even if he footed the bill.  King Charles III is said to have provided financial assistance to help cover the cost of private security in the United States after Meghan and Harry left Britain, but the Sussexes were left to cover at least some of the multi-million pound expense themselves. In the bombshell Oprah interview in March 2021, Prince Harry claimed that his father had "cut him off financially". Now, in his memoir Spare released later today, the Duke acknowledges how "ridiculous" it is for a man in his late thirties to complain about being cut off by his father. During the interview, the Prince also suggested that the Queen was not angry but "sad" over his and Meghan's decision to step back as working Royals in a decision that has been dubbed Megxit. "I had many, many conversations with her both in the UK, over the years and in the run-up to the point of this change, so it was never a surprise to anybody, least of all her," he said of the late Queen who died on September 8 of last year. READ MORE: Queen asked Meghan Markle 'what she thought of' Trump at first meeting  