Manchester United star Jadon Sancho has reportedly returned to first-team training after being completely absent for the Red Devils since the return of the Premier League from the World Cup. The winger was left out of the squad as he was deemed not fit enough but he has now returned after undergoing an extensive individual training programme. Sancho has seen no match action for United since the 1-1 draw with Chelsea in October with fans less somewhat confused by his absence. He did not return after the World Cup as he completed a focused training programme designed to improve his match fitness. The Athletic reports that he returned to Carrington last week as part of his individual training plan after spending some of the World Cup break in the Netherlands. The player and manager Erik ten Hag believed he would benefit from being away from the training ground in order to have something of a reset. Now, he is back training with the rest of the first-team squad as he eyes up a return to match action. The news comes as another boost to Ten Hag with his side on an excellent run of form, winning each of their last nine matches. They have the opportunity to go second in the Premier League on Wednesday when they face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park.  Sancho's training programme was agreed by all parties in November with Ten Hag keen to arrest his alarming slump in form. The Dutchman explained his decision in December, suggesting Sancho was no longer match fit. “First we didn’t see him in the last games for United," he explained. "So he wasn’t in the right status, in the right fitness state, so now he’s now on an individual programme and we want him to finish that programme and hopefully, we see him back soon.” Further detailing his call Ten Hag said: “He’s not fit enough. Sometimes there are circumstances with fitness and mood. Now he’s on a physical programme and our aim is to get him back as quickly as possible. DON'T MISSArsenal allowing player to leave hints at first January signing for ArtetaMan Utd boss Ten Hag confirms fresh injury blow and Weghorst debut planMudryk could sting Arsenal twice as Edu set to pay price for transfer failure  “He was good (pre-season) but also when the league started he played some good games like Liverpool, Leicester and Arsenal. “After we got a drop of level and what happens sometimes you don’t know why or what is causing it. That is what we’re doing now, trying to research and now we try to get him back there. It’s a combination of physical but also mentally.” It remains to be seen when Sancho will make his first-team return but the news he has returned to full training is another positive moment for United in a good spell for the club. 