Prince Harry's memoir and media appearances have been mocked by US burger chain Wayback, whose special menu now includes the "Royal Silencer" sandwich. The "one-of-a-kind" burger was "designed to silence the urge to spill family gossip to media outlets, book publishers and documentarians alike", the fast food chain said in a statement. In a further dig at the Duke of Sussex, Wayback noted the burger is made up of three patties, including "a spare patty for the world's most notable 'spare'" - a reference to his memoir. President Patrick Conlin reinforced his company's stunt by inviting the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to try one of the burgers. Conlin said: "Remember, no matter the family situation, there isn't a problem in the world that cannot be resolved over a good burger. "If you are legitimately royals living in the United States, we hope you'll come by and have one on us." The swipe comes as new polls showed Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's popularity took a "hammering" in the United States since the release of Spare. JUST IN: Prince Harry has ‘gone for broke’ but memoir may backfire on his long-term plan Pollsters Redfield and Wilton conducted a survey before and after the publication of the memoir to assess the couple's standing with the American public after the latest batch of bombshell allegations. Following the release of their Netflix documentary in December, Prince Harry could boast a +38 popularity rate among participants but after Spare was released the Duke saw his numbers drop to -7. Meghan followed a similar pattern, witnessing her +23 popularity rate plunge to -13 since Harry's biography came out last week. And Prince Harry faced criticism over his decision to include private conversations within in book, with The Real Housewives of New York star Bethenny Frankel branding the move as "crazy". READ MORE: Harry undermines Anne's work as Prince slams 'rigged' hardest-working royal list Prince Harry shed further insight into his difficult relationship with Prince William, claiming their bond has been repeatedly tested since childhood. He claimed the brothers were routinely called "the heir and the spare" by family, and bizarrely claimed to have been born to provide the Prince of Wales with life-saving "parts" in the event of illness. The Duke said: "Two years older than me, Willy was the Heir, whereas I was the Spare. I was the shadow, the support, the Plan B. "I was brought into the world in case something happened to Willy." The Duke claimed his role was to provide, “if necessary, a spare part” to him: "Kidney, perhaps. Blood transfusion. Speck of bone marrow."