US House of Representatives Republican leader, Kevin McCarthy, came close to winning the speakership despite losing a 14th consecutive vote after four grinding days of intra-party voting. As a tentative deal appeared to be put together on Thursday evening and on Friday, 15 of the Republican hold-outs voted for McCarthy.  It came after the former House Majority Leader gave his support to a proposal that would undermine his own power while at the same time giving his far-right critics more power such as the ability to more easily remove a speaker. On Friday afternoon, McCarthy appeared more upbeat as the House voted to adjourn until later that evening. He said: "We made some very good progress. "We’ll come back tonight.  "I believe at that time we’ll have the votes to finish this once and for all." The delay gives McCarthy and his allies more time to ​lobby the ​half-dozen remaining​ holdouts. On the 12th ballot McCarthy won the most votes for the first time since voting began on Tuesday overtaking the Democrats choice of Speaker Congressman Hakeem Jeffries of New York. However it was still not enough with 218 votes needed to win the speakership.  READ MORE: Mum faked kidnapping after murdering & dismembering toddler Allies of McCarthy appeared confident that they could persuade enough of the hold outs to back the former House Majority Whip to get him over the line. However holdout Congressman Matt Gaetz who voted for conservative Congressman Jim Jordan on the 13th ballot said: “We do not trust Mr McCarthy with power.” Gaetz added that McCarthy only had two options, repeated defeats or to be forced to amed the House rules to such an extent that he would be forced to govern in a “straitjacket”. Frustrations between the holdouts and other Republicans who support McCarthy has at times spilled out onto the chamber floor.  DON'T MISS: Biden clamps down on border crossings [REVEAL] New details emerge on suspected Idaho killer's movements [INSIGHT] McCarthy humiliated as allies struggle to save House Speaker bid  [SPOTLIGHT]  Congressman Mike Bost, a Republican of Illinois, angrily interjected as Gaetz criticised McCarthy in a nominating speech for his alternative speaker candidate. Shaking his finger at Gaetz, Bost fumed: “This is not going to bring anyone.” In response the House clerk banged the gavel, while several Republicans stormed off the floor in protest. 