The Grand Tour star has worked alongside Jeremy Clarkson for years, having originally starred beside him in Top Gear. The Clarkson's Farm star, 62, came under fire at the end of 2022 for comments he made in his column in The Sun in which he declared he "hated" the Duchess of Sussex "on a cellular level" and wanted to see her "paraded through the streets naked". On Monday, it was reported Amazon Prime Video would be cancelling The Grand Tour, and it seems Clarkson's co-star James has acknowledged he has been impacted by the controversy as he reflected on the "difficult time". A public backlash followed Jeremy's highly controversial column, which saw 20,000 IPSO complaints made. On Monday, Clarkson revealed he had penned an apology to Meghan and Prince Harry on Christmas Day. He addressed his column on Instagram, issuing an apology to the members of the public and explaining he had also contacted the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. On the same day, it was reported Amazon Prime Video has terminated its relationship with Clarkson, axing both of his shows, according to Variety. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s threats to Royal Family are ‘tantamount to blackmail’ It's understood the streaming platform will still air the already-commissioned series of the two popular shows, but cancelled any further plans to work with Clarkson after 2024. Fans have since asked James about the news, and he acknowledged the "difficult time" he has faced. As he celebrated his 60th birthday, James thanked fans for messages, writing on Twitter: "Thank you for all your birthday wishes/crap jokes/sod offs. It is very comforting at this difficult time." He continued: "I have successfully applied for my over-60s bus and tube pass. Pretty impressive, old person using the internet, etc etc." Some fans responded to the post and expressed concern about the future of The Grand Tour. Twitter user @MaxCMorrow wrote: "Hopefully the Amazon decision does not affect your work. I loved Oh Cook! Maybe C5 will take up the Grand Tour?" @NeckerLouis asked: "@thegrandtour and @MrJamesMay Has the grand tour been cancelled after 2024?"  DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood rolls eyes over BBC Breakfast co-star's swipe [VIDEO]Police Commissioner says '100s' of officers 'shouldn't be working' [LATEST]Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [LATEST] "I’d certainly tune in to watch an easy rider style motorbike journey with just the 2 of them. So I’m sure others would want it too. It’s unfair their careers keep getting hit by #Clarkson’s idiocy. #GMB." @Jikookkookie shared: "I feel so bad for @RichardHammond and @MrJamesMay just cos of some inconsiderate a**hole @JeremyClarkson the grand tour is being cancelled #TheGrandTour." @VladCraita fumed: "@thegrandtour and @MrJamesMay If they cancel Grand Tour… bye bye Prime membership." Amazon has not yet officially confirmed any plans regarding The Grand Tour's future.  In Clarkson's lengthy statement published on his Instagram, he commented: "The Sun quickly apologised, and I tried to explain myself. "But still, there were calls for me to be sacked and charged with a hate crime. More than 60 MPs demanded action to be taken. "ITV, who make Who Wants to be a Millionaire, and Amazon, who make the Farm Show and Grand Tour, were incandescent. "I therefore wrote to everyone who works with me saying how sorry I was and then on Christmas morning, I e-mailed Harry and Meghan in California to apologise to them too." In response, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex claimed Clarkson emailed only Prince Harry and questioned his "long-standing pattern of writing articles that spread hate rhetoric, dangerous conspiracy theories and misogyny."