Joe Biden has refused to compromise on spending as the US approached the trillion dollar debt ceiling. But what is the debt ceiling? And how will hitting it affect you? Republican Speaker Kevin McCarthy has said his party in Congress will only agree to raise the ceiling should Biden authorise spending cuts. Democrats object to any spending cuts and the White House has called on Congress to raise the debt limit without conditions. “There's going to be no negotiation over it”, White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said Friday. “This is something that must get done. “It is one of the basic items that Congress has to deal with, and it should be done without condition.” The debt ceiling is the total amount of money the federal government is allowed to borrow through the US Treasury in order to pay its existing legal financial obligations. These obligations include Social Security, Medicare benefits, military salaries, tax refunds and interest on the national debt. If the amount of government debt reaches that threshold and lawmakers fail to lift the borrowing limit, the US would be unable to pay what it owes and could default. When Congress raises or suspends the debt ceiling, it is not greenlighting new spending, instead it is giving the go-ahead for the Treasury to pay for spending that has already been approved. As of writing, the debt ceiling in the US is $31.3 trillion, however Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen wrote to Congress warning the debt ceiling will be hit on Thursday. READ MORE: Biden risks special relationship as Blinken says no change on Brexit Once the debt ceiling is hit, Yellen will not be able to issue new debt without congressional action. In the meantime, the department will use 'extraordinary measures' to keep the government afloat - a move that is expected to last until June. But an actual default on payments could send the US into a recession, amid already record inflation. Americans could also face higher unemployment, and the stock and bond markets would likely plunge. Recipients of federal benefits, such as Social Security recipients, might not get their monthly checks. Yellen said in a letter that the Treasury will have to take “extraordinary measures” to prevent the US from defaulting on its obligations. “Failure to meet the government’s obligations would cause irreparable harm to the US economy, the livelihoods of all Americans and global financial stability,” she added. Immediate measures the Treasury Secretary expects to implement this month would be to redeem existing and suspending new investments to the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund (CSRDF) and the Postal Service Retiree Health Benefits Fund (Postal Fund). She also expects to suspend reinvestment of the Government Securities Investment Fund (G Fund) of Federal Employees Retirement System Thrift Savings Plan. So far, both the President and the Democrat Party have said they are unwilling to compromise on any spending. Jean-Pierre noted that in the past, lawmakers have increased the debt ceiling on a bipartisan basis. McCarthy has also not specified what Government programmes he wants to see spending cut from, but he is under pressure from conservatives who want to balance the budget after a tumultuous campaign to become Speaker. “This is our moment to change the behaviour”, he said on Tuesday on Fox News 'Hannity’. Aside from raising limits with Congress, Biden could authorise the sale of large amounts of gold, mint a special large-denomination coin, or invoke the Fourteenth Amendment to override the statutory debt limit.