Manchester United slipped to a first Premier League defeat since November after Arsenal beat them 3-2 at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Marcus Rashford and Lisandro Martinez struck for the Red Devils, with Eddie Nketiah bagging a brace and Bukayo Saka also on target for the Gunners. Express Sport will now take a look at four players who let Erik ten Hag down as they threw the game away. On his day, Antony can be impressive. But it's clear the United star must work on his decision-making in the final third, with his end product frustrating the Red Devils fans inside the Emirates throughout the game. Antony was lucky to start over teenage talent Alejandro Garnacho for the second game in a row. Despite being just 18, Garnacho is already levels ahead of his team-mate when it comes to that area of his game. United knew Antony was struggling which is why, in the second half, Ten Hag decided to take him off. The 22-year-old looked frustrated as he made his way towards the bench and he'll know he needs to do better if he's to remain a regular in this United side. Christian Eriksen has, without a doubt, been a good signing for United since arriving from Brentford back in the summer. But he was unfairly pitted against Thomas Partey in the middle of the park and the Arsenal star won that battle. Eriksen looked too lightweight when compared to the Ghana international and was also uncharacteristically poor with his own decision-making in the final third. This was a day where United required some brawn, instead of brains. And it was abundantly clear the Red Devils missed the suspended Casemiro, who was absent after picking up a fifth yellow card of the season against Crystal Palace in midweek. Aaron Wan-Bissaka has certainly improved for United this season, with Ten Hag admitting as much when asked about the right-back before the game against Arsenal. But he incurred the wrath of Roy Keane after not doing enough to prevent Nketiah's first goal of the game. The Sky Sports pundit said: "It’s just his lack of awareness. "It’s as if he can’t believe someone’s coming around the back of him, because he can see him, he just dozes off. A silly lack of concentration, considering we praise him saying he’s a good defender. "Of course he sees him. You have to be aware of him, that’s his job, this is big boy stuff, these are big moments, do your job, go and attack the ball." Keane was right. Wan-Bissaka should have done better and, in the end, his error cost his side dear. United are at their best when they play quick, high-octane football. So that makes the decision to sign Wout Weghorst all the more confusing, with the Netherlands international looking the odd one out up top. Sure, his link-up play and his pressing can be good at times. He can also be a threat in the air, though always seemed to be swarmed by his Arsenal counterparts. But Weghorst was also a static presence at the tip of Ten Hag's attack and it's clear he has much work to do when it comes to gelling and connecting with his team-mates. Anthony Martial's return from injury can't come quick enough...