Thursday night's instalment of Emmerdale saw bad boy Cain Dingle (played by Jeff Hordley) threaten to kill Caleb (Will Ash), and things seem to have been made worse when the newcomer ignored the mechanic's stark warning. Meanwhile, tensions are rising for Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb) whose work was cut out as he tried to turn Charity (Emma Atkins) and Noah (Jack Downham) against Chloe Harris (Jessie Elland). Charity invited pregnant Chloe to live with them, which caused Mackenzie, the father of Chloe's baby to panic. In a desperate bid to get rid of the youngster, Mackenzie said anything he could think of to get Charity to reconsider her generous offer. However, his plan quickly backfired when the pub owner told Mack to pack his bags and leave. "Funny idea of packing a bag," Charity told Mack as she walked in with Chloe. READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer "I thought maybe we could talk," Mack pleaded as Charity hit back: "We did, I didn't like what you said." "You're actually going to make me leave?" Mack asked before Charity fumed: "No, you can do that of your own accord." "Where am I supposed to go?" Mack argued. "I don't have any money." Despite Chloe offering to leave, Charity had none of it and insisted she stayed. However, following the episode, fans have come up with their own theories about Chloe and Mack's storyline. Many seem to think that Charity is already aware of Mack's fling with Chloe and that the baby she is carrying is his. Others claim Charity is keeping Chloe close to her so she can seek revenge. "I honestly think Charity is playing Mack… I wish she would have poured that pint over him," user @memesEmmerdale predicted. DON'T MISS...Happy Valley's Mr Hepworth star left squirming in ‘frosty’ BBC moment [INSIGHT]Rachel Riley puts head in hands as she admits she 'wees in the shower' [VIDEO]Emmerdale exit for Cain Dingle as fans 'work out' murder plot  [SPOILERS] They later said: "Do we think Charity knows the truth about Mack and Chloe is playing him…" Beck Fear went on to reply: "I hope so." Kerry said: "It won't be long before Charity finds out the truth if Mack keeps behaving like he is #Emmerdale." (sic) While Mike added: "Surely charity has to realise something isn’t right with Mack and why he doesn’t like Chloe #Emmerdale." "I am hoping that Mack using Charity’s parenting against her in an attempt to get her to change her mind re Chloe will be enough for her to realise something going on… but this is #Emmerdale so it won’t be," Owen theorised. (sic) User @TJuice247 went on to comment: Charity is willing to kick Noah her own son out of his own home for Chloe a practical stranger!! Why??? "This just doesn’t add up unless she knows and she’s doing this for her own benefit in seeking revenge #Emmerdale." (sic) Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.