The late Queen Elizabeth was gifted a pair of Cartier earrings, the Greville Chandelier, for her wedding when she was 25. She reportedly adored the jewel so much, which was a gift from her parents George VI and Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother, that it soon became one of her favourite pieces. The beautiful earrings featured every known cut of diamond and experts at RH Jewellers explained that the late monarch "first showcased these exquisite accessories in her first Coronation Day portrait, and they became a glamorous staple for galas she attended after that". Before then, she used to wear "modified earrings" which were "turned into clip-ons" but shortly before her accession, in the summer of 1951, "she made the decision to pierce her ears after all," the experts commented. Soon after that, Queen Elizabeth incorporated those Cartier Greville Chandelier diamond earrings "into her regular gala jewellery rotation," said Sheila Young in her book The Queen's Jewellery. READ MORE: Meghan will have 'quite a turbulent' time around coronation - claim  Mrs Greville, a socialite who married the member of the Marlborough House set Ronald Greville, first purchased the pair of diamond drop earrings from Cartier in 1918. Over the following years, she had them altered at least twice and added a total of 22 diamonds. Mrs Greville, who was a very close friend to King Edward VII and his family, never had children of her own and when she died in 1942 she left her entire jewellery collection to Elizabeth, "with my loving thoughts". The Cartier earrings were one of the Queen’s "more ostentatious pairs of earrings", despite owning a formidable collection of eye-wateringly valuable jewels, the Queen "was always most at home in her iconic pearls which became the mainstay of her signature style," commented style and royal expert Miranda Holder.  The stunning chandeliers "are indeed a breathtaking example of gemstone and exquisite workmanship," Miranda added. "We have seen them framing the late Sovereign's face on many formal occasions, acting as the Italian jewellers would say as ‘punto di luce’, points of light, which illuminate and flatter the wearer's facial features." Although there is no rule among royals on getting their ears pierced, the senior royals are expected to look conservative and the youngest royals should wait until they are a bit older to do this. Miranda explained that in the early 1950s, when Queen Elizabeth got her ears pierced, "ear piercing had only just been accepted into modern society". READ MORE: Harry should have 'difficult but necessary gesture' to 'avoid another' "So it feels significant that Her Majesty The Queen was one of the earlier adopters of this previously unpopular custom." Experts at RH Jewellers added that the Queen must have loved these "spellbinding" earrings so much that she pierced her ears for them. Most recently, in July 2010, the late monarch sported them for a state dinner at the York Hotel in Toronto during an official trip to Canada. She paired them with the stunning Girls of Great Britain and Ireland Tiara and her Queen Alexandra’s Diamond Collet Necklace. Talking about the Cartier Greville Chandelier earrings, the Royal Collection explained that each earring features “a lexicon of modern diamond cuts”. The breathtaking earrings have a trio of diamond pendants, with diamonds in a baguette, baton, emerald, half-moon, trapeze and square cuts. "The ultimate effect" is that they are chandelier earrings, a very unique earring shape that was very popular in the early 50s.