Certain home repairs can severely impact your finances if you don’t take the proper care to avoid them. The good news is that you can prevent issues before they become too costly. Heath Alexander-Bew, director of personal lines at Alan Boswell Landlord Building Insurance has joined up with experts at Zoro to share the “costliest home maintenance issues”, as well as money-saving tips to fix them. If households follow these measures they can avoid spending more money in 2023. Heath said: “During an economic crisis, it’s important to combat high energy prices the best we can. Flicking off the lights at night and using appliances during inactive hours certainly helps, but home maintenance issues could be costing a lot more than you think. “Clean gutters and have your boiler serviced regularly, replace faulty wiring and take proper precautions to keep your home damp-free - doing so will save you thousands of pounds and days of stress heading into the new year. It’s also important to remember that a poorly maintained property could cause issues if you need to claim off your insurance. ‘Wear and tear’ is not something you can insure against.” 1. Poor/old wiring Poor or old wiring is the “most expensive home repair”, potentially costing British homeowners a hefty £3,000 to £6,500, according to the experts. Risks associated with faulty and old wiring are extreme and are often the root cause of house fires across the country. READ MORE: ‘Most effective’ method to use tin foil to boost radiator efficiency To prevent electrical fires, Heath suggested: “Get an electrical inspection done by a licensed electrician to recognise early wiring problems and reduce the risk of costly emergency call-outs. “Opt for copper wiring instead of aluminium which will be more cost-effective in the long run and reduce risks of overheating.” 2. Peeling paint and rising damp Peeling paint due to excess moisture is the second costliest house repair. It costs between £2,200 and £3,200 to fully repaint a damaged house. Heath said: “If damp is involved, it could even stretch up to £5,000.” To avoid this occurring the expert advised: “Keep good ventilation through open doors and windows, and improve airflow by leaving gaps between furniture and the walls. DON'T MISS‘Easy remedy’ to remove radiator sludge to save on 25% on heating bill [EXPERT]5 ‘essential’ garden plants that need to be pruned in winter - and how [INSIGHT]Mum's 'sparkling' shower and sink cleaning method [COMMENT] “If dampness has already set in, try injecting a damp-proofing cream or buy a dehumidifier - as cheap as £1- to absorb excess water.” This will stop damp problems from ever taking over a house. 3. Brickwork defects In third place is brickwork defects, usually occurring through age, moisture buildup, poor fitting and more. As an issue that leads to a “drafty home and poor thermodynamic insulation”, it can cost between £1,900 and £5,000 to repair. For minor brickwork damage, Heath suggests using a “moulded mortar replacement.” He explained: “A crack injection mortar will fill small holes in the brickwork perfectly, and can be colour matched. “However, with bricks that are too damaged, safe removal and replacement is the best option.” READ MORE: ‘Two key’ tips to save on heating - makes the ‘biggest difference’ 4. Boiler failure Given the range of different repairs that a boiler can need, it is hard to put a figure on repairs, but the average cost of repairing a boiler will range from around £500 to £3,000 depending on the kind of problem, according to the expert. Common repairs might include cleaning or replacing a particular part that has failed, but the price will depend on the part. As well as the different parts that need replacing, other factors will impact the overall cost of boiler repairs. If your boiler is older, for example more than 10 years old, then it may be that specific replacement parts may be harder to come by, which will increase the price. The make and complexity of the boiler can also make a difference - larger combi boilers will typically be more expensive to repair than conventional boilers. In terms of the least costliest to repair, missing or damaged roof slats takes this position. The expert said: “Missing roof slats is the cheapest home issue to fix, at just £120 to £220.” Roofs with missing slats can happen to any home, usually due to high winds. Storm damage is often covered by insurance. Heath suggested: “Missing roof slats can cause flooding from rain and lead to structural damage to the house, ruining valuable possessions. “It’s important to recognise a roofing issue early before things deteriorate. In addition, carry out seasonal roof cleaning to avoid costly repair fees due to moss growth, as well as gutter blockages caused by leaves and debris.”