Jakub Kiwior’s agent has provided an insight into why Arsenal are enjoying plenty of success so far this season. The defender joined the Gunners earlier this week from Spezia in a deal worth approximately £21million, and he has quickly been welcomed with open arms. The Gunners are currently five points clear at the top of the Premier League, with Mikel Arteta’s side looking unstoppable at the moment. His side have progressed significantly over the past 12 months, reaping the benefits of removing negative influences in the dressing room. Arteta has focused his recruitment on bringing in young players that are invested in helping Arsenal back to the top of the table and are committed to his vision, and it appears to have built a strong winning mentality behind the scenes. Speaking to Meczyki, Kiwior’s agent, Pawel Zimonczyk, said: “The thing that captured me was the openness of the people who work at Arsenal. You can see that they form one big family there. I think they welcomed Kuba in from the first minute.” Zimonczyk then revealed how his client was dragged into the changing rooms at the Emirates Stadium last weekend following Arsenal’s 3-2 win over Manchester United, courtesy of a late winner from Eddie Nketiah. He said: “Kuba’s entrance into the dressing room wasn’t planned, but as soon as Zinchenko saw him he called out: ‘If you’re already with us, you’re already with us!’ “I’m sure it was a cool experience for him too, after such an important win he could feel the atmosphere from the Premier League leaders’ dressing room. I think when he saw what kind of atmosphere there was he already wanted to join in on the pitch, to enjoy Arsenal’s push to reach the next round of the FA Cup [against Manchester City on Friday night].” The agent later revealed in the interview that Kiwior had been signed to provide competition for Gabriel on the left side of central defence, with Arteta having a squad drawn up on a whiteboard showing what depth he has in every position on the pitch. One would assume that there is a vacant spot in central midfield on the board given that his side are actively looking at options to bolster their ranks in the centre of the park. The Gunners are leading the race to sign West Ham skipper Declan Rice this summer but he is unattainable until the end of the season, prompting director Edu to assess other options. Brighton star Moises Caicedo and Everton’s Amadou Onana have both been approached, though it remains to be seen whether concrete offers are submitted for either of the pair.