Liverpool have reportedly been keeping tabs on Atalanta star Teun Koopmeiners heading into the summer transfer window, suggesting owners FSG will spend big to overhaul Jurgen Klopp's midfield. It's been a strange season for Liverpool so far after coming two games away from history with their attempt at winning the quadruple little over six months ago. Sadio Mane being replaced by Darwin Nunez is the only real change to that very squad, but nothing has seemed to work for Klopp's side so far. Monday night's disappointing defeat to Brentford further highlighted the issues Klopp is dealing with at Liverpool. Injuries to Luis Diaz, Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmino have hit Liverpool hard with too much emphasis now on the squad's young players to step up and contribute. But it's in midfield where the real issues lie and has contributed to the strong speculation around Liverpool's interest in Jude Bellingham. Thiago Alcantara is the only midfield addition to Klopp's side since 2018 and that failure to continue freshening things up in the middle of the park is now catching up with them. All apart from Fabinho and Harvey Elliott have had their share of fitness issues this season, forcing Klopp to put a bandaid over the issue.  But a new plaster seemingly has to be applied with each game Liverpool play and it's something that needs to be rectified this year. Liverpool appear unlikely to make any big moves this month with Borussia Dortmund reportedly only willing to entertain Jude Bellingham's possible departure in the summer. However, even if Liverpool do win the race for Bellingham, he alone won't be the answer to their problems. Naby Keita, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and James Milner are all out of contract in the summer and each will need to be replaced.  And Liverpool owners FSG may well be planning to do just that with the I claiming they've been 'watching Koopmeiners in recent months'. The Reds had been linked with the Netherlands international when Georginio Wijnaldum left back in 2021. Now an established star on the European stage with Atalanta, Koopmeiners is the type of player Liverpool will need to bring in alongside Bellingham. Sofyan Amrabat is also being linked to Liverpool after the Fiorentina star impressed for Morocco at the World Cup. If Liverpool end up losing Keita, Oxlade-Chamberlain and Milner and replace them with Bellingham, Amrabat and Koopmeiners then they'll come a long way to solving the long-standing issue in Klopp's squad. The intent from FSG may be there, but fans will likely hold their breath until anything like that actually happens. A case of watch this space potentially.