These are the same economic experts who poured cold water on Liz Truss’s Brexit-backing, tax-cutting budget last year, by deriding her reduction of the top rate of tax. Yet now they are blaming “tighter fiscal and monetary policies” for our lack of future growth. You just can’t win with these people and it’s not as though they have a great reputation for getting their predictions right. The IMF failed to anticipate the world financial crash of 2008. “A closer look at its record on reading the future,” said a report into the IMF by the Financial Times, “suggests it is unlikely they will accurately predict even how many economies will expand or contract this year.” This was confirmed by David Turner, head of economics at the OECD, who said “All macroeconomic forecasters are poor at predicting downturns.” A widely held prediction that we were already in recession last autumn proved to be wrong and the Bank of England, having made so many poor forecasts in the past, is expected to be more optimistic this week saying any UK down-turn will be shorter and shallower, with inflation having already peaked and energy prices reduced thanks to a relatively milder winter. British business optimism is improving too. The Lloyds Bank Business Barometer reported this week a five-point jump in confidence among UK companies bringing it up to 22 percent, not far off the long-term average of 28 percent. “Firms are clearly more optimistic about the wider economy,” said an economist at Lloyds Bank, “and this is driving the increase, helped by signs [that] cost pressures may be easing.” However, the IMF is not wrong when it cites “financial conditions and still high energy retail prices” as key factors holding back UK growth. Lower taxes, lower inflation, and cheaper energy must be at the heart of Britain’s revival—and there’s no use pretending otherwise. Chancellor Jeremy Hunt last week claimed that Britain needs four “Es” — Enterprise, Education, Employment and Everywhere. He should have added the most important “E” of all — Energy. No developed nation can have dynamic growth without bucketloads of cheap energy. The huge leap in energy prices is behind the rise in inflation that has triggered a tsunami of strikes for more money to cope with the cost-of-living crisis caused by the energy crunch — a vicious circle. Inflation is higher in Britain than elsewhere because we are so dependent on imports, from food to energy, which is vulnerable to fluctuating international prices. Because of a stubborn ideological commitment to net zero, government energy policy is focused on imports that export our carbon emissions abroad. An extraordinary piece of news this week is that Britain is part funding a $1 billion container port south of Dakar in Senegal because the West African nation has discovered a vast sea of liquid natural gas just off its coast. This natural bonanza will transform the prospects of the underdeveloped country as global money, including our own, snaps up the gas. Good luck to Senegal but it does seem odd that we are investing millions into accessing fossil fuel abroad but discouraging the same activity in our own energy-hungry nation when we are sitting on goldmines of fossil fuel. Hypocrisy comes to mind as a “green” government prefers to see us suffer a cost-of-living crisis because it chooses to obtain desperately needed gas from other countries. Jeremy Hunt’s other “E”s are Enterprise and Employment that both depend on creating an environment that encourages business investment, but a corporation tax rise this spring to 25 per cent, bringing us closer to rates in the EU, hardly makes us a beacon of competitive advantage. The mixed messaging coming from Britain needs to end and we must firmly back common-sense policies that will make us richer not poorer. Singapore-on-Thames was the low-tax, red-tape-slashing prize offered by Brexit, and yet, three years later, we are still waiting for a government that chooses wealth-making over-regulation and taxation. The IMF may be hopeless at making predictions and we should always treat them with a pinch of salt, but our government really needs to start confounding the doomsters by backing our natural optimism and pushing for growth in the most realistic and practical ways.