Vikings: Valhalla is back on Netflix and the latest season saw Freydis Eiríksdóttir (played by Frida Gustavsson) leave her brother Leif Erikson (Sam Corlett) behind. She also had to say goodbye to her partner Harald Sigurdsson (Leo Suter) ahead of her journey to Jomsborg, despite the fact she was pregnant. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what happened at the end. In the final episode, Olaf Haraldsson (Jóhannes Haukur Jóhannesson) was on his way to destroy Jomsborg. He and Jorundr (Stanislav Callas) presumed Lord Harekr (Bradley James) was still alive, so they teamed up to get back at him for banishing Jorundr from the settlement. Freydis decided not to fight back and instead, she wanted to speak to Olaf to come to an arrangement. She knew he wanted to take her baby son away as he considered the child a future threat. Freydis had come up with a plan to encourage Jorundr to secretly double-cross Olaf and lead his men into a trap. READ MORE: Vikings Valhalla’s Freydis star rushed to hospital after injury on set After some deliberation, Jorundr did indeed follow Freydis' plan as he did not want to be seen as a traitor. However, he ended up dying after being severely wounded in the battle, but he was pleased to have died a loyal son. As the battle continued, Freydis ended up in a one-on-one fight with Olaf, but it did not last long. After killing all of his men, she finally made the fatal blow that would see Olaf's journey come to an end. She spared the life of the young king Sweyn, returning him to his mother Queen Aelfgifu (Pollyanna McIntosh). In return, the Queen swore she would maintain peace at the request of Freydis. Elsewhere in the finale, Leif said goodbye to his new love interest Mariam (Hayat Kamille), who had been terminally ill. On her deathbed, she gave Leif the key to her home in Constantinople and said it was his if he wanted it. In the final moments of the season, Leif was seen looking at the key he had been given as he and Harald finally reached Constantinople. DON'T MISS... Vikings Valhalla season 2 cast explained as guest stars join series [EXPLAINER] Vikings Valhalla intimacy coordinator on necessity of sex scenes [INSIGHT] Vikings Valhalla paid tribute to Vikings’ King Harald in costume clue [INSIGHT] As for Harald, he and his new love interest Eleana (Sofya Lebedeva) finally kissed. Yet their bond was seemingly cut short when Eleana was declared Empress after delivering the treasure from her father. While Harald was worried she would be out of his reach as she now belonged to someone else, Eleana thought otherwise. She told Harald "nothing was out of reach", so he could still pursue a relationship with her in season three. The series was renewed for a third outing at the same time season two was announced. Filming for the third season began in the spring of 2022, so a lot of progress has already been made. At this moment in time, there is no release date but it is likely to be late 2023 or early 2024. The first season aired in February, with the second arriving in January, so a winter release is not out of the question.  Vikings Valhalla season 2 is on Netflix now.