During Tuesday's instalment of the ITV dating show, a shock dumping has reportedly left Islander Haris Namani walking away from the villa. His exit comes after a video of Haris punching another man surfaced. A Love Island insider reportedly told The Sun: "Haris was booted off Love Island last night. There was a dumping and he got the chop. It is, in part, a relief for the show’s bosses in light of the video of Haris in a street fight." Haris isn't the first Islander to have an explosive dumping, as Express.co.uk has taken a look back at the five most dramatic exits. During Zara's time in the villa, she didn't have much luck when it came to the guys she fancied liking her back. However, when bombshell Alex Bowen stormed into the villa, Zara made it her mission to make sure she would couple up with him. After a successful date outside the villa, Alex received a text informing him he could take one fellow islander into the hideaway for the night. He chose Zara and the pair spent the night with one another, admitting they had slept with each other the next day. Zara admitted she felt bad about her decision because she "wasn't that type of girl", but things soon took a turn as she was informed she had been stripped of her Miss Great Britain title. She had later decided she no longer wanted to be part of the series, and walked out of the villa leaving her fellow islanders heartbroken at her decision. READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star During the same series, Malia became the most short-lived contestant to enter the villa after an altercation with Kady McDermott left her being physically removed. Also entering as a bombshell, she decided she had her eye on Kady's man Scott Thomas, which didn't go down well. As they sat around the fire pit discussing Malia's game plan, Kady spilt her drink down Malia's leg and claimed it was an accident. Malia fumed at Kady and expressed she wasn't there for drama, but ended up pushing Kady. Their fellow islanders and security had to intervene. Later, speaking about her removal from the show, she told The Sun: "I sat with the executives and they were devastated. "They had their heads in their hands and said, ‘We had so much planned for you’. Back then I was a little light full of energy and jokes. I feel like I would have done well if I stayed but what happened happened.” Sherif's departure from the series is probably the most abrupt of them all after his sudden disappearance left fans shocked and confused. In scenes with 2019 winner Molly-Mae Hague, the pair were seen teasing and play fighting with one another in the bathroom. Not long after, Sherif was asked to leave the villa by producers as they thought the play fight went "too far". They explained his an ill-chosen turn of phrase and "breaking the villa rules" meant his journey was cut short. DON'T MISS...Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [INSIGHT]Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive [LATEST]Emmerdale double exit as Jeff Hordley speaks out on Cain 'killing' [WATCH] Liberty and Jake's relationship with one another caused controversy among fans of the ITV2 dating show. Many thought Jake was playing a game and Liberty was being strung along, fearing she was going to get her heart broken. Compared to their fellow islanders, their relationship had been the strongest until the pair mutually decided to call it quits when things started to fall flat. They decided to gather their friends around the fire pit and explain they were leaving the villa together to "work" on their relationship in a more realistic setting. Liberty and the rest of the girls were in floods of tears, whilst the boys were gutted they were going to lose one of their "best mates" in Jake. The couple didn't last long on the outside as they revealed to fans they had gone their separate ways just weeks after their departure. Another bombshell meant more drama for the original islanders, and this came in the form of Jacques successfully stirring drama when he entered due to his romantic history with Gemma Owen. His "laddish" persona often left him in hot water with many of the other islanders and his controversial antics in Casa Amor caused a rift between him and partner Paige Thorne. After a gruelling apology and vowing to work towards her forgiveness, Jaques was thrown off when ex-islander Adam Collard walked in. Following explosive scenes in which Jacques lashed out at his fellow contestants, he chose to walk out of the villa, claiming it was too much for him to handle. In the end, Paige went on to couple up with Adam and the pair were together for a few weeks outside of the villa, until they eventually called it quits. Love Island airs every night from 9pm on ITV2.