Manchester United have been urged to hijack Arsenal and Liverpool's interest in Declan Rice and Jude Bellingham in the summer transfer window. Stan Collymore has named two members of Erik ten Hag's squad that he should upgrade on ahead of his second season as manager. The Dutchman started revolutionising United's midfield in his first summer, recruiting Christian Eriksen on a free transfer and splashing £70million to sign Casemiro from Real Madrid. But he is expected to attempt to boost his ranks further this year, with the Red Devils linked with Declan Rice and Jude Bellingham, among others. Collymore believes he can accommodate new midfield signings by offloading Eriksen after just one season and Scott McTominay, describing the duo as 'surplus to requirements'. He told CaughtOffside: "I think Man United need midfield upgrades for Scott McTominay and Christian Eriksen. "On Eriksen – I get why they signed him and why he went to Old Trafford. It was a no-brainer for both at the time. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE "But I thought, against Arsenal, it was very obvious that he was one of the weak links. "If Casemiro is a nailed-on starter, which he is, then McTominay and Eriksen should be surplus to requirements. "Sunday proved that United's midfield, without the Brazilian, cannot compete with the league's best, such as Arsenal's trio of Thomas Partey, Granit Xhaka and Martin Odegaard." Collymore added that United need to invest heavily in their midfield again this summer, naming Jude Bellingham and Declan Rice as upgrades on McTominay and Eriksen. DON'T MISS: Chelsea 'accept they'll lose money' on Havertz as fresh links emerge  "I think United need two, maybe even three, top-quality midfielders in the summer. Jude Bellingham and Declan Rice are two that are probably going to be available," he explained. "And if United, or any other club for that matter, could get those two in the same window – what a statement that would be. Those two would transform any side's midfield – they're that good." United could cash in on McTominay at the end of the season, with Newcastle United and West Ham United strongly linked. But Eriksen undoubtedly has a role to play beyond the current campaign, and it wouldn't be surprising to see him remain at Old Trafford until his 2025 contract expiry. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here