Sarah Ferguson often posts photo of herself on Instagram and, in a recent photo, posted earlier today, she wore a black coat and a black and white scarf. She was holding a rag doll in her hand, and the caption read: "I take Little Red wherever I go! Our next, exciting journey is always just around the corner! Visit the link in my bio and shop my books to discover more Little Red adventures. #childrensauthorweek #childrensbooks." As well as the coat and scarf, Sarah was carrying a large bucket bag which, due to the brown pattern, seemed to be by Louis Vuitton. The photo was posted to the Duchess' Instagram and Twitter pages just hours after she was spotted at an airport. The Duchess of York joined her two daughters, Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice, as well as their husbands, Jack Brooksbank and Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, as they visited northern Norway last week. The family were in the Scandinavian country from Friday, January 27 to Monday, January 30, according to Norwegian historian and author Oskar Aanmoen. To travel back to the UK, Sarah wore a black coat with a black and white scarf and a matching bag. The bag was cross-body, hanging over the Duchess' shoulder. It was black and boxy in shape, featuring a thick black and white strap. The strap featured a zig-zag pattern and was detachable. Called the "Mayfair" bag in black, the accessory was from Pom Pom London, currently retailing for £89.95. The detachable strap currently costs £19.95. Describing the bag on its website, Pom Pom London said: "BRAND New style just in! Turn heads for all the right reasons this season. Pick up the newest Pom Pom London Mayfair Bag Black whilst we have stock!" Although the bag is plain, it has gold zips and two keyrings hanging from it: a gold, square-shaped keyring and a light pink, fluffy pom pom. The pom pom refers to the brand's name, Pom Pom London. It also complements the Duchess of York's personality well as she often wears playful pieces.  The bag is 100 percent leather and has three compartments, big enough to carry all essentials while on a flight. To complete her look, Sarah wore a multicoloured headband as part of her half-up, half-down do. She also wore small, hoop earrings and a few of her usual silver bracelets and bangles. Some royal fans were quick to comment on both of Sarah's looks.  Greet Van der Vloet wrote on Instagram: "A bit messy". Meanwhile, another Instagram user, Ilie Mihai, shared love-heart emojis, suggesting how much she liked Sarah's outfit. User @donanabanan added: "Oh my god." Princess Eugenie was seen with her mother at the airport, wearing a similarly relaxed outfit. Eugenie seemed to have wrapped up warm, having been in a country colder than the UK at this time of year. She was wearing a grey jacket with a black jumper underneath, and a black, quilted bodywarmer on top. Her hair was piled high on her head in a messy bun, held in place by a clip.