Jeremy Clarkson issued a lengthy apology to Meghan Markle via his Instagram account on Monday. The former Top Gear presenter took accountability over comments made in a recent column where he claimed he "hated" the Duchess of Sussex on a "cellular level". Meghan, 41, and Prince Harry, 38, have reportedly rejected the Clarkson's Farm star's apology. It comes after Jeremy revealed he sent an email to the Duke of Sussex on Christmas morning to explain his comments and also offered an apology. The former BBC star has since taken to Twitter and liked a post which rejected Jeremy's olive branch, claiming the presenter should have never apologised. Twitter user, Stephen penned: "Oh @JeremyClarkson you caved into the woke by apologizing and Amazon are still going to cancel you anyway. Was it worth it? READ MORE: Stacey and Kevin Clifton welcome first child as they share sweet post  "Never explain, never apologize. You've lost my respect." Jeremy's account has since liked post, in view of his 7.9 million followers, despite his recent apology. His liking the tweet comes just one day on from The Grand Tour presenter revealing he sent an email to Prince Harry on Christmas Day to apologise for his comments about the Duchess of Sussex. His lengthy Instagram post comes after it was reported the veteran broadcaster is reportedly set to part ways with Amazon.  According to reports, Amazon will not be working with Jeremy beyond seasons of The Grand Tour and Clarkson’s Farm that have already been commissioned. The streaming platform will reportedly go ahead with the already-commissioned series of The Grand Tour and Clarkson's Farm, but reportedly have no plans to work with the controversial star after 2024. In his statement shared to his Instagram account on Monday, Clarkson said he "really is sorry" for what he said in the controversial column - all the way "from the balls of my feet to the follicles on my head". He went on to say his bosses at ITV show Who Wants to Be a Millionaire and and Amazon, who make the Farm Show and the Grand Tour, were "incandescent" after his decision to share his disturbing thoughts with the public. DON'T MISS... Stacey and Kevin Clifton welcome first child as they share sweet post[LATEST]Zoe Ball leads celebrity tributes as Ken Bruce quits BBC Radio 2[TRIBUTES]Chris Packham accuses BBC host of “mocking” his autism[TWITTER] Meghan and Harry issued a response on Monday night to Clarkson's claims he emailed both of them on Christmas Day - saying TV presenter only addressed his apology to Harry. A joint statement issued on behalf of the couple reads: "On December 25, 2022, Mr. Clarkson wrote solely to Prince Harry, The Duke of Sussex. "While a new public apology has been issued today by Mr. Clarkson, what remained to be addressed is his long standing pattern of writing articles that spread ate rhetoric, dangerous conspiracy theories, and misogyny." It adds: "Unless each of his other pieces were also written "in a hurry", as he states, it is clear that this is not an isolated incident shared in haste, but rather a series of articles shared in hate." Harry branded the article about his wife "horrific, hurtful and cruel" during an interview with ITV's Tom Bradby to discuss his autobiography Spare, adding what Jeremy had written would encourage people around the world to believe it is an acceptable way to treat women. The Sun later apologised and said it regretted the publication of the column, which last week racked up more than 25,000 Ipso complaints. Alongside hosting The Grand Tour, the TV presenter also stars in Amazon Prime TV series Clarkson's Farm, which documents his efforts to run the Oxfordshire Farm he bought in 2008. The success of the series has seen visitors flock to the Diddly Squat farm shop in Chipping Norton Road, Chadlington and the second series is due to launch on February 10 on Prime Video in over 240 countries and territories.