The official Twitter account of F1 icon Michael Schumacher has responded after the German star was flooded with messages this week. Schumacher, who has not been seen in public since his harrowing skiing accident in 2013, turned 54 on Tuesday, with son Mick paying a poignant tribute. He took to Instagram, where he has 3.3 million followers, to post a picture of himself as a young boy with his father. And he captioned it with a heart emoji and the message: "Happy birthday to the best Dad ever. Love you!" Within three days, the snap had racked up more than 1.15 million likes, and the Mercedes F1 team responded with their own heart sign. Mick will be a reserve driver at the Silver Arrows next season, having been released by Haas following a difficult two years. Skiier Lindsey Vonn and motorsport driver Esteban Gutierrez were among other high profile people to react, as floods of birthday wishes flooded in for the seven-time world champion. And on Friday, the Twitter account of Schumacher Snr, now run by representatives of the all-time great, expressed gratitude. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton tipped to spend another two years in F1 despite stalled contract talks "Thank you so much everybody for the warm birthday wishes!" read the tweet. "They are greatly appreciated #TeamMichael #KeepFighting #KeepFightingMichael." Again, there was a huge response from F1 fans, with many repeating the message 'keep fighting'. Over Christmas, Mick posed for a photo alongside his mother Corinna and sister Gina-Marie. The family have opted to keep details of Schumacher's condition private as they continue to care for him at the family home near Lake Geneva in Switzerland. DON'T MISS:‘I don't want to do this': Lewis Hamilton explains F1 doubts amid retirement promiseChristian Horner claims Red Bull 'selective' after rivals slam decisionF1 news: Lewis Hamilton contract concern, Ferrari leaks, FIA president welcomes talks And his 23-year-old son will hope that being understudy to Lewis Hamilton and George Russell will eventually prove a pathway back to a regular spot on the grid. His campaign last time around got off to a dramatic start, forced to miss the second race in Saudi Arabia after a bad crash in qualifying. However, there was also elation at securing his first ever F1 points with an eighth placed finish at Silverstone, after which he gave a touching message over team radio about his dad. He bettered that in the next Grand Prix, coming sixth in Austria.