Reform UK's support in the Blue Wall has doubled since Rishi Sunak became Prime Minister, new polling suggests. The survey by Redfield and Wilton Strategies puts Richard Tice's party, formerly led by Nigel Farage as the Brexit Party, on six percent.  The poll questioned 1,200 adults across 42 seats in the Conservatives' southern heartlands. Reform UK is up from three percent in previous equivalent polling in November, a month after Mr Sunak entered No 10. On the increase, Mr Tice told Express.co.uk: “Our momentum is growing as voters realise the two main parties are now just variants of socialism. "We are the only party who can be trusted to stop the boats and have bold solutions on cost of living, health and energy bills." The poll puts Labour 10 points ahead of the Tories on 40 percent and 30 percent respectively. The Lib Dems are on 21 percent and the Greens are on three percent. The Conservatives won all 42 seats surveyed with 49.8 percent of the vote share when Boris Johnson led the party to a landslide victory in 2019. In another headache for Mr Sunak, the Blue Wall polling found just 54 percent of respondents who backed the Tories in the 2019 general election would vote for the party again. Some 15 percent said they would now vote for Labour, nine percent would switch to Reform UK and three percent would support the Liberal Democrats. And in a further blow, the poll puts the PM's net approval rating in the Blue Wall at minus one. It is the first time he has had a negative approval rating in the equivalent polling and it is a drop of eight points from the last survey. Meanwhile, Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer has a net approval rating of eight percent, down seven points. Director of research at Redfield and Wilton Strategies, Philip van Scheltinga, said Mr Sunak's negative rating in the Tories' traditional affluent strongholds was "quite remarkable". Mr van Scheltinga highlighted how the Prime Minister's public approval has also declined in national polls. He said: "The trend of Sunak's approval rating mirrors that of his time as Chancellor, where he had begun with an incredibly high net approval rating - nearly 60 percent - on the back of his announcement of the furlough scheme and at a time of overwhelming public support for the Government in those early months of the pandemic, and ended with a minus 15 percent net approval rating. "His standing has been in consistent decline since the furlough scheme announcement in March 2020. "There has not been one policy by Rishi Sunak that has been well received by the public since then. "If you can remember, the furlough scheme was the only policy from his time as Chancellor that he referred to in his speech to the public upon becoming Prime Minister. "But the public goodwill he won from the furlough scheme has now clearly expired. If he hopes to improve the standing of his party going forward, he needs to come up with new ideas fast." 