Paula Jones’ weight loss journey endeared her to fans on TLC’s My 600lb Life as fans watched her try to shed the pounds. Paula has regularly updated her social media followers with how her weight loss journey is going in the years since leaving the show, and one snap of her donning a swimsuit proved just how far she’d come. To begin with, Paul weighed in at around 542lbs when she started on MY 600lb Life, the equivalent to around 38.7 stone. During her appearance in season two on the TLC favourite, Paula admitted she had a heartbreaking reason for wanting to lose weight. Paula was shaken into action following the death of her husband who sadly died at the age of 33 due to weight-related issues. With four kids to look after solo, Paula feared her children would be raised without parents should she fail to lose the excess weight. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Amber Radchi unrecognisable after major transformation Within her first year of dieting and changing her lifestyle, Paula managed to drop a huge 273lb. The weight loss was a result of a number of factors, from an all-liquid diet to gastric bypass surgery. Today, Paula weighs around the 200lb mark, or 14 stone, as she continues to share her newfound confidence on Instagram. In one swimsuit snap dated back to September 2016, Paula admitted she “never imagined” she’d have the confidence to share such a photo. “By the pool,” she began in the caption. “Look at those shoulders & in a 2 piece! “I never imagined!” Paula added before signing off with a series of hashtags which included the phrases: “Muscular, hot, swimsuit, Paula’s Purpose, My 600lb Life and achievement.” It didn’t take long for fans to praise the reality TV star as they flocked to the comments section of the post. Instagram user @upmostpanic replied: “I just watched your story on Hulu! I am so proud of you!!! You go get life girl!” DON'T MISS:1000-lb Best Friends star’s heartbreaking reason for weight loss1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton unrecognisable after transformationOutlander's Caitriona Balfe recalls filming mishap during shootout Meanwhile, @desbrat heaped on the praise as they said: “That's so fantastic!! You're just amazing.” And @kathleenrachel echoed the compliments as they commented:  “You look very good! Congratulations!” Paula continues to share her journey with fans to this day, with a number of recipes and smiley selfies on the social media platform. However, back in July 2022, Paula shared the heartbreaking news her son had been involved in a motorcycle accident which led her to revert to old habits. Paula told her 7,965 followers: “My son was in a motorcycle accident this am. I was not his 1st or 2nd call. I heard via the grapevine which is cryptic at best so of course I’m thinking the worst! “Then when I finally speak to him, it’s only a broken bone that should heal itself. Nope!!! That’s him playing it down mostly out of ignorance but still. “Now, they admitted him and he may or may not need surgery. This is major and he can barely move! So me, I ate! Nope not the best way to handle it but that’s my go to…I acknowledge that I need to do better and get better coping skills but no need to beat myself up right now. “I’ve got too much other stuff to worry about….So no food pics tonight. I ate left overs anyway. Just pray for us,” she signed off, prompting dozens of fans to send their well wishes and sympathies. (sic) My 600lb Life is available to stream via Amazon Prime Video Channels in the UK now.