Benni McCarthy has been central to the successes of some of Manchester United’s attackers over the past few months, though he did not lead by example in his playing days. The striker made over 100 Premier League appearances during his career, spending time at Blackburn and West Ham. Erik ten Hag named McCarthy in his backroom staff upon his arrival in the Old Trafford dugout, which came as a surprise to many. Prior to the appointment, the 45-year-old ‘s coaching experience at the top level was incredibly limited, spending time with Hibernian and South African sides Cape Town City and AmaZulu. Though Ten Hag has reaped the benefits of the decision to make McCarthy a first-team coach, specifically focused on attacking, as he has played a major role in the improvement of Marcus Rashford. The England international has bounced back to form this season with seven goals and three assists in 17 Premier League appearances. Rashford has been heavily praised for his commitment, and McCarthy may have had more goals to show for his efforts as a player if he was equally as determined. Whilst at West Ham, the South African was stung with a £200,000 for failing to meet fitness targets. McCarthy only made 11 appearances during his stint with the Hammers, failing to open his account with the club during that time. He did manage to reach his required goals (fitness-wise) under West Ham boss Avram Grant, though it had negative effects on his body that saw him slip further down the pecking order at the club. Bruno Fernandes has previously opened up on how McCarthy has unlocked a different side to the United attack – prompting the forwards to create different chances and openings. Rashford has certainly benefited from the variety in the final third, and his coach was praised for working with the United academy product after he scored a header against West Ham earlier this season – his first headed goal since the 2019/20 campaign. Ten Hag said: “I see technical class every day with Marcus Rashford. He impressed me from the first training session. In the penalty area, every shot goes between the posts and is hard and pure. Everything is of such high quality - and always at pace. “Of course, you start working with such a player to see where the biggest improvement can be. With Marcus, for example, that's his heading game, which wasn't really top-notch yet. “We touched on that and started working on it with assistant coach Benni McCarthy. So it was great to see Marcus score against West Ham with a header. That was a great moment because then you see that there’s been an improvement by paying attention to it.”