The Miami Dolphins have confirmed Tua Tagovaiola will miss their crucial Play-Off game against the Buffalo Bills this weekend, putting the team at a significant disadvantage. Tagovailoa has not cleared the concussion protocol, but apparently understands why he is unable to play this weekend. The Dolphins will take on the Bills this weekend in what will be their first Play-Off game in six years. They were hoping to have exciting young quarterback Tagovaiola back in time to play, but it now seems they'll have to do without. Instead, head coach Mike McDaniel has confirmed he is expecting rookie quarterback Skylar Thompson to start. Tagovaiola has suffered two concussions this season, though many believe that number should be three. Tagovaiola's head was bounced off the turf early in the season during a game against the Cincinnati Bengals, but the incident was put down to a neck injury instead. His most recent concussion came on Christmas Day against the Green Bay Packers. Tagovailoa hasn't played since, and missed games against the New England Patriots and New York Jets. As a result of the latest concussion, Tagovailoa will miss this Sunday's game, and McDaniel opened up on the conversation he had with the quarterback to explain the decision. McDaniel said: "He himself is learning that he needs to listen to the advice of doctors and medical professionals. He understands the severity of doing that, so there's a little bit of things he can't control. He has been an incredible part of our entire season, I think eight of our wins were as a result of him playing quarterback. That did not come because it was gifted, that was a lot of work and preparation, so it's very frustrating in life and football. "Very frustrating for him to not be able to go through everything with his team-mates and really it was a huge goal of his to help get this team to the play-offs, he wants to play the Play-Offs. "There's nothing better more fun than Play-Off football. He really finds normal football fun, so very conflicted I would say, but he understands it's his best interests that the doctors and medical professionals are seeking. He respects that. That's about it." 