Savings accounts offering interest rates up to seven percent are few and far between, but the good news is first direct's Regular Saver is giving savers this interest rate. However, it does come with criteria which need to be met, meaning not everyone is eligible to open an account. To benefit from this interest rate people will need to have a first direct current account or be willing to switch over. The good news is customers switching to a first direct current account could get a £175 bonus, correct at the time of writing. Those who do sign up to the Regular Saver will receive seven percent on savings for 12 months if they deposit £1,000 within three months of opening the account. Customers can save between £25 and £300 a month up to a maximum of £3,600 a year and will receive £136.50 in interest if they save the full amount. READ MORE: Universal Credit changes you must report to DWP or risk losing benefit Customers can change the amount they save at any time so could save less money if they have an expensive month. They won't be able to make any withdrawals for 12 months though and if they close the account before the end of the 12-month period, they'll get a lower interest rate. Existing first direct customers can sign up to the Regular Saver Account by logging into online banking. New customers will have to sign up for a current account first through the Current Account Switching Service. DON'T MISSState pension age fear - ‘Wait until 70 and get less cash than today' [WARNING]Pensioners could get an extra income boost up to £183 a week [ALERT]UK vs Europe - how does your pension income compare [INSIGHT]  Three withdrawals are permitted during the two-year term, with the maximum value per withdrawal 10 percent of the balance at the time the withdrawal is made. Secure Trust Bank also makes Moneyfacts’ Best Buys list offering an AER of 4.05 percent on its Two Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA. However, customers will need at least £1,000 in savings to open one of these accounts. One Nationwide savings account is offering a five percent interest rate on savings.  Nationwide customers could also have the chance to win an extra £250 in its competition prize draws. However, customers will only be able to get five percent interest on savings up to £50 a month for a limited time period of two years. To be in with a chance of winning £250, people will need to increase the balance by at least £25 (but by no more than £50) in each of the six months leading up to the prize draw. Prize draws will take place on February 21, 2023, August 22, 2023 and February 20, 2024 and winners will be selected at random.  