Official Emmerdale spoilers indicate Charity Dingle (played by Emma Atkins) could be the next one to receive some upsetting news - but will it be the bombshell fans have been waiting for? Viewers of the ITV soap know that Charity's fiance Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb) is hiding a big secret from her. Spoilers suggest Charity finds out something upsetting - could she discover his baby secret? Before Christmas, Chloe Harris (Jessie Elland) made the decision to keep her baby, which was the result of a one-night stand with Mackenize. After struggling with her pregnancy secret for weeks, Chloe realised that Mackenzie had worked out he's the father after hearing from Charity that she's pregnant. As the two discussed their plans, they agreed nobody would find out Mackenzie is the father. However, it seems it will be only a matter of time before the big secret is revealed. READ MORE: My 600lb Life's Erica Wall looks unrecognisable in swimsuit snap In scenes on the ITV soap yet to air, Charity is left in total shock when she receives some news via a mysterious phone call. The next day, Mackenzie becomes worried his fiance has discovered his baby secret as Charity is acting strangely. Struggling with the news she has received, Charity grabs a bottle of vodka and heads out to clear her head. Caleb Milligan (Will Ash) is too busy chatting on the phone to notice his car key has fallen on the ground. Seizing the opportunity, Charity grabs them and gets behind the wheel, inviting Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) along for the ride. Irritated, Cain is forced to follow Charity and it soon becomes clear what’s been eating away at her. Fans of the soap have been waiting for the news to come out ever since Chloe discovered she was pregnant with Mackenzie's baby. Could Charity have really discovered the truth about Mackenzie? DON'T MISS... Antiques Road Trip teases new host as clue points towards BBC star [LATEST]A Place in the Sun's Jasmine emotional as buyer breaks down [VIDEO]Death in Paradise’s Don Warrington refused to give advice to co-star [LATEST] Perhaps Chloe could be starting to feel guilty in the lead-up to Charity and Mackenzie's wedding. It's possible she decided to make the phone call to Charity and admit her baby is in fact her fiance's. Fans might expect Charity to fly into a rage and confront Mackenzie, but she might decide to take a different approach. In a revenge twist, could Charity keep her lips sealed until the big day? Perhaps she drunkenly drives to Chloe's to confront her and is stopped by a concerned Cane. If so, it's likely the humiliated villager could decide to dish up some revenge on Mackenzie by announcing his secret during their wedding. Fans are predicting an explosive wedding day for the two, and the revelation of a baby scandal would definitely fit. However, it's also possible the bad news was something else entirely - will she confide in her cheating fiance? Emmerdale continues on Tuesday at 7.30pm on ITV.