UK snow maps are showing the exact locations that could be hit heaviest next month, with forecasters warning of a "Stratospheric Polar Vortex" that could trigger a freezing "Beast from the East" weather pattern. Millions of Britons were again hit by heavy snow last week, with the Met Office forced to issue a number of weather warnings - including a rare amber warning - as temperatures plunged below freezing. But the latest weather maps from WXCHARTS show snow heavy snow could make an unwelcome return in February, with forecasters warning about the possibility of an "Arctic blast". The UK weather map begins to turn icy white at midday on February 3, with up to an inch of snow forecast to fall across large parts of Scotland, with rain drowning the remainder of Britain. Snow is set to intensify throughout the day and by that evening, could spread southwards into northern England, with up to an inch forecast to fall around the North East. In the early hours of February 4, two inches of snow is forecast to fall in a large area of north west Scotland, with the threat of snow remaining through the rest of the country, as well as northern England. But much worse is to come as the day progresses, the latest weather maps show that up to seven inches could have fallen in northern Scotland, with the threat of snow again spreading towards northern England and Wales. There will be no let-up heading into February 5, with up to six inches of snow forecast for eastern Scotland, more than an inch hitting England around the North West and Midlands. Snow is forecast to fall throughout that day as Britons continue to freeze in bitterly cold conditions. Brian Gaze from The Weather Outlook warned the latest computer models suggest a weakening of the "Stratospheric Polar Vortex" in the coming weeks that could send temperatures plunging. READ MORE: Woman dies four days after getting engaged when she uses wrong spoon The weather expert said the period around Valentine's Day on February 14 has historically brought with it some of the UK's coldest and heaviest snow, while also warning of a possible "Arctic blast or a Beast From The East weather pattern". He told Express.co.uk: "Computer models are suggesting that a weakening of the Stratospheric Polar Vortex (SPV) in the coming weeks could lead to an increasing chance of cold weather during February. "It's a long way off in weather terms but the period around Valentine's Day has in the past often brought the UK some of its coldest and most wintry spells of weather. "A weakening SPV leads to an increasing chance of a very cold Arctic Blast or a Beast From The East weather pattern, like the one we saw in February 2018." DON'T MISSBBC bias row as viewers fume at 'unbalanced' Kuenssberg panel [REACTION]Energy lifeline as UK's untapped resource is 'world's best solution' [LATEST]Harry and Meghan’s new Range Rover spotted despite net zero pledge [REPORT] Last week, Jim Dale from British Weather Services, said the outlook for February depends on how the specific systems play out. He told Express.co.uk: "Only stratospheric warming over the North Pole will keep us and other northern hemisphere countries in the wintry frame through February. The 'fat lady' is not yet singing." When asked if this stratospheric warming will trigger further wintry showers, Mr Dale warned this could be the case, and that people should certainly expect more. The meteorologist continued: "It’s begun but it needs to continue, for the Polar Vortex to split and then we see where it goes." BBC Weather wrote last week: "We continue to monitor the stratospheric polar vortex which is likely to be disturbed, distorted and displaced off the pole in late January and early February. "This does not necessarily mean a that it will be colder for northern Europe but if the polar vortex were to split then the chances would increase, as long as impacts propagate down into the troposphere. "There is a lag in any effects, so we would probably be looking at mid to late-February for any significantly colder conditions if they occur at all." Earlier today, the Met Office issued yellow weather warnings for fog covering London and South East England, Yorkshire and Humber, East of England and East Midlands. These will run from 12.15am until 11am on Monday and warn: Freezing fog will lead to difficult driving conditions and could cause travel delays in some areas on Monday. The national forecaster added: "Areas of freezing fog are expected to develop on Sunday night, these dense at times and slow to clear from some spots on Monday. "Visibility as low as 50 to 100 metres could be encountered in a few areas and some untreated surfaces could turn icy, this combination meaning potentially difficult driving conditions."