Princess Anne was spotted arriving at the funeral of King Constantine II of Greece to represent the Royal Family. King Constantine II was Greece's last Monarch who was famously exiled in the sixties. The Princess Royal joined other European royalty at the funeral in Athensin cluding Queen Letizia of Spain and King Felipe, who was the former Monarch’s nephew. Princess Anne arrived in a long black coat alongside her husband Timothy Laurence as they made their way to Athens Metropolitan Cathedral to pay tribute to the late Greek King. The pair were greeted by the public before entering the Cathedral and hugged the monarch's son. Reports circulated about which member of the British Royal Family would attend the service as King Constantine was the godfather to Prince William. Reports suggested that the Prince and Princess of Wales would attend but Kensington Palace confirmed neither of the royals would be in attendance. Thousands of people lined up since before dawn on Monday outside the cathedral to pay their final respects to Greece’s last king, Constantine, who died at the age of 82. Greece’s monarchy was definitively abolished in a referendum in 1974, and Constantine spent decades in exile before returning to settle in his home country once more in his waning years. Constantine’s wife, Anne-Marie, is the sister of Denmark’s Queen Margrethe II, while his sister Sophia is the wife of Spain’s former King Juan Carlos, and mother of Spain’s current monarch, King Felipe VI. These famous faces will be joined by the King’s widow, Queen Anne-Marie of Denmark, as well as the new 55-year-old head of the former Royal Family, Crown Prince Pavlos, the couple’s eldest son, and second oldest child. Almost 200 celebrities will also accompany the family and pay their respects. READ MORE:Prince Harry’s threats to Royal Family are ‘tantamount to blackmail’ Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk: "There are close links between the British royal family and that of Greece. Prince Philip, whom the Queen married in 1947, was a Prince of Greece and Denmark and first cousin once removed to King Constantine. His father was Prince Andrew of Greece, son of King George I of Greece. "He married Princess Alice of Battenberg, they met at Edward V11th Coronation.  King Constantine was admitted to the private hospital, Hygeia Hospital, in the Grecian capital in early January and was reportedly treated in the intensive care unit as he was having breathing difficulties. King Constantine was a close friend of King Charles, who was also his second cousin. Charles III hosted his 60th birthday party at his private residence Highgrove. There had been concerns over the royal's recent health after he could not attend Queen Elizabeth II's funeral, with his wife and two of their children attending in his place. 