Express.co.uk spoke to a consultant dermatologist, Dr Anjiali Mahto, who has partnered with skincare brand Purifide, to discover more about the simple changes one can do to their routine for better looking skin. Dr Mahto shared her top tips "that'll leave you feeling your best, with new confidence to achieve all your other 2023 goals". Dr Mahto went on to stress the importance of wearing SPF - and not just in the summer. It is worth putting SPF on one's skin all year round, no matter what type of skin one has. The expert said: "One of the biggest acne myths is that sunscreen will block your pores and cause spots, so should be avoided. "But, acne-prone skin can be more in need of sun protection as UV exposure can increase pigmentation. "Sunlight can also drive comedones or blackheads, so it can actually make your acne worse." Daily sunscreen is also important due to the increased sensitivity to light that can happen if you're using blemish-fighting ingredients like retinol and benzoyl peroxide, or exfoliating acids, or vitamin C. Dr Mahto recommended using a lightweight moisturiser like the Purifide Daily Moisturiser with SPF 30, which is non-greasy and specifically formulated to be hydrating and soothing. It is also designed to protect sensitive, spot-prone skin. A good skincare routine is highly important, according to Dr Mahto. And sticking to it. For general skincare, Dr Mahto suggested "a morning routine of cleanser, moisturiser and sunscreen, with an evening routine of make-up remover, cleanser and then use a gentle light non-comedogenic moisturiser without SPF". DON'T MISS:Royal Family heirloom William most likely to inherit instead of Harry [STYLE]Luckiest animals in the Year of the Rabbit 2023 [HOROSCOPE]Five food storage ideas to stop cheese from going mouldy [GUIDE] She continued: "Figure out your skin type and find the ingredients that work for you. "You may find that high-end and high-street cleansers and moisturisers have the same ingredients, so no need to break the bank. Find what works for you and stick to it. "Remember that skin's natural renewal and repair cycle is around four weeks, so stick with new routines for at least this long to really see how it's working for you." A common skincare myth is that face and body all-in-one products don't work as well as face only or body only products. READ MORE: 3 ‘outdated’ hairstyles women 40+ should avoid as 'they age you' However, Dr Mahto noted that there is nothing wrong with using these type of products everywhere on the body. She said: "If hitting the gym is part of your new year's plans, you don't need to splurge on a whole new cleanser, or body mist, or other gym clothes - use your face wash. "People who go to the gym or wear tight gym gear for an extended period of time can get more spots on their chest, back and bottom because of the heat and sweat generated and compressed in those areas," the expert explained. Therefore, it is best to use body washes that are sensitive to the skin, such as a face wash. Dr Mahto said: "If you are prone to chest and back acne, there's absolutely no reason why you can't use your face washes and products that you would use on your face wash." Products containing active ingredients like salicylic acid, niacinamide or zinc can be used to wash one's chest and back too. Other simple skincare tips to remember is to wash one's face every day - without being aggressive about it. Also use warm water instead of hot. Furthermore, avoid touching your face too much with your hands - surface bacteria can be transferred and potentially block your pores and cause blemishes and breakouts.