Arsenal star Oleksandr Zinchenko received a warning letter from the FA for over-exuberant celebrations earlier this season, according to reports. The Ukraine star broke Premier League rules by celebrating a goal with his team-mates when he was not part of the match-day squad. Zinchenko joined Arsenal from Manchester City for around £32million last summer. He has struggled with injury throughout his time at the Emirates so far but looks to have put a niggling calf problem behind him. Arsenal are more productive in the final third when Zinchenko plays and concede fewer goals. He is the first-choice left-back, surpassing Kieran Tierney. His passion cannot be questioned but he has been asked to rein it back just a tad. The Telegraph claims the FA sent a letter to Zinchenko after the 2-1 win over Fulham last August. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Aleksandar Mitrovic gave the Cottagers the lead 10 minutes after half-time. But Arsenal turned the game on its head through skipper Martin Odegaard and defender Gabriel. Zinchenko was missing due to injury but sat behind the home bench. And he let his emotions get the better of him when Gabriel scored the late winner. The Ukraine international ran down to the corner flag to celebrate with Gabriel and his team-mates. He also gestured to the crowd with his hands to get them going. But The Telegraph claims Zinchenko was theoretically a 'pitch invader' as he was not part of the squad that day. The 26-year-old responded to the letter by saying he would not react like that again, which he has stuck to so far. DON'T MISSChelsea owner Boehly has four options to replace Potter if sacking happensMan Utd have signed another Nani as chiefs come to transfer realisationMan Utd risk repeating Pique transfer mistake as Ten Hag faces tipping point  Arsenal were criticised by Richard Keys following the match for seemingly over-celebrating a win over a promoted side. Zinchenko joined his team-mates on the pitch at the final whistle. It was a third win out of three games for the Gunners and was an important victory to give both the players and the fans the confidence that they were on the right path. Zinchenko will have to be careful in the future, as next time he may receive more than a warning letter. But it just shows the mentality of the player and why Arteta was so keen to bring him in last summer. Tierney was a fan favourite at Arsenal for a couple of years. However, Zinchenko has well and truly displaced him as the main man at left-back. Keeping him fit will be key to their title chances this season.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here