Chelsea new boy Mykhaylo Mudryk risks facing the wrath of Arsenal fans on social media as a result of his latest Instagram post on Wednesday evening. Mudryk was identified as a top target by Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta for the January window and hinted at a desire to join the Gunners on several occasions before eventually signing for Chelsea, who paid Shakhtar Donetsk around £88million to land the 22-year-old on a seven-and-a-half-year deal. Mudryk will now be looking to kick on and make the most of his sky-high potential during his time at Chelsea, who have already signed five new players this month and have been widely tipped to make further additions over the next few weeks. He posted a picture of himself in a Chelsea shirt to Instagram on Wednesday alongside a caption that will not have gone down well with Arsenal supporters, which read: "Can’t wait to start. Come to do London blue."The brief message was followed by a blue heart emoji and marked a firm departure from many of his previous posts, in which he expressed his admiration for the Gunners prior to joining Chelsea earlier this month. Many Arsenal fans will likely be keeping a close eye on Mudryk to see how he gets on in the Premier League, with the north Londoners having decided against matching Chelsea's bid of £88m in spite of their interest in his services.The contrast in mood, results and performances at Chelsea compared to Arsenal at the moment is a stark one, with the Blues only hoping for an outside chance of a top-four finish in the Premier League after a hugely disappointing first half of the campaign. It remains to be seen how Mudryk will fare with his new club as they look to mount a fresh surge up the table over the coming weeks, starting with a positive result away at Liverpool on Saturday. JUST IN: Man Utd star Antony caught insulting Fernandes during Palace draw Mudryk could be in line to make his debut for Chelsea at Anfield on the weekend, although it remains unclear whether or not the Ukraine international will be handed a starting berth by Blues manager Graham Potter. He has already insisted that he cannot wait to get going in the Premier League as he looks to justify his eye-watering price tag with some match-winning performances in the not-too-distant future."I’m very excited to be here and be part of the Chelsea project," Mudryk told the Chelsea website. "This is a big club and I’m happy to be here. I want to try and help the team win titles, I want to try and improve my game and to always do my best for Chelsea."My career has always been focused on hard work and that is why I’m here. Hard work is a very strong thing for me and something I’ve always looked to do. Every match in the Premier League is very difficult but I really can’t wait to get started here." Meanwhile, Chelsea have been warned by talkSPORT pundit Danny Murphy that Potter may struggle to keep all of the club's recent big-name signings happy, with owner Todd Boehly having already spent in excess of £125m on new players since the start of the new year."There’s no way he [Potter] has sanctioned all these, he brought in some of his own recruitment people," explained Murphy. "The problem you’ve got from a footballing perspective, if he [Boehly] has got all the money in the world fine, although there’s Financial Fair Play and all those things you have to deal with but forget that."Football perspective for me is that the manager has got a huge problem trying to keep big players happy. That is one of the hardest things at a big football club, is keeping everybody on board because what happens is you get little cliques, and they’re cancerous." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.