Families struggling with their energy bills could soon breathe a huge sigh of relief, as the latest predictions show in the UK could they could fall to approximately £2,200 later this year. Households have been facing the worst impacts of the fossil fuel energy crisis in the past year, triggered by volatile natural gas prices that have been shaken by Russia's invasion of Ukraine. After Ofgem raised the price cap on energy bills to an eye-watering £2,500 per year last October, the latest predictions show a glimmer of hope. Research firm Cornwall Insight's latest forecasts for the Default Tariff Cap, commonly referred as a price cap, have shown that energy bills will fall twice this year.  They estimate that without Government support, a typical household will pay about £3,208 from April. While this is significantly higher than what Britons are paying right now, the price cap was previously estimated to hit £3,545.31 in the same period. The energy experts also predicted that after the April to June quarter, households' energy bills will tumble to approximately £2,200 from July, and would stay that way until the end of the year. This a major lifeline for households across the UK, as prices are expected to be £300 lower than previous predictions, and going even lower than what households are paying right now. They wrote: "Our forecasts show prices in the second half of 2023 remaining below the Energy Price Guarantee (EPG) level, and therefore will not cost the Government any money from July.  "With wholesale prices still well above pre-pandemic levels, the lower cost of the scheme is likely to spark conversation on the additional energy bill support the Government may now be able to offer households." While energy prices are set to fall below the Government's current price cap, in April, the Energy Price Guarantee is set to be raised to £3,000 per year, meaning that households could pay an additional £500 on their energy bills per year. April also marks the point where the £400 Energy Bill Support Scheme ends, meaning that without support, households could end up £3,000 per year on their energy bills between April- June. They wrote: "Thereafter, the political debate is likely to centre on household bills remaining about double the level that they were prior to the recent crisis, but with much less support available. READ MORE: Saudi Arabia helps with UK plan to beam down endless energy from space "We anticipate a particular emphasis on what this means for lower-income and lower-middle-income households. Of course, by this stage the Government may have developed more enduring reforms to tariffs to address these challenges. "While the energy market outlook has improved markedly from last year, with a mild winter and higher storage levels in Europe causing substantial falls in wholesale rates, prices remain very volatile. "The price cap setting for beyond the summer of 2023 is still a fair distance away, and we would expect wholesale prices to move daily before those cap levels are set, so any forecasts should be viewed in that context." Despite these significant reductions, experts warned that the volatile nature of the gas and electric markets has been factored into their predictions. They have also decided to include upper and lower ranges, with a 10 percent margin each side. DON'T MISS: Siberia facing horror freeze as temperatures plummet to -62.7C [REPORT] Energy firms using ‘cover’ to keep bills high, claims energy boss [REVEAL] Driver's amazement as 'at least 100' spiders burst from egg on his car [SPOTLIGHT] Accounting for this volatility, they noted that prices could range anywhere between £2,421 and £1,981 in July. The experts continued: "As our price cap forecasts fall yet again, it is only natural that people will begin to assume our predictions will stay on a downward trajectory. "But, we really don’t have a precedent to look to work out how the market will evolve in 2023. Wholesale gas prices in particular are searching out a floor and a ceiling level in novel circumstances where we in the Uk and Europe are going to be more dependent on LNG than ever before. "Right now, positive gas storage and demand reductions in Europe means the key winter period of concern is looking better. But, whilst today it is 'steady as she goes' it is practically inevitable that forecasts will at some point change again as the market wanders about in search of its equilibrium, probably with lower peaks than last year, but not necessarily prices returning to normal range."