The nightclub where footballer Cody Fisher was killed in a knife attack on Boxing Day will permanently close after Birmingham City Council removed its operating licence. Giving evidence on Tuesday, West Midlands Police told councillors that the Birmingham club posed "terrifying risks" to customers.  They added that there had been "blatant" and widespread drug use and "inadequate" security measures which had allowed somebody with a knife to enter the venue. West Midlands Police had previously said there had been "serious management failings" at the Crane nightclub. Mr Fisher, 23 was fatally stabbed inside the venue on Boxing Day. Following an interim meeting in December the club's licence was suspended for 28 days.  On Tuesday, however, a Birmingham City Council licencing committee ordered the licence to be revoked today after an application from the police. Councillors also voted to continue the existing suspension which was initially imposed on December 30 2022. This means that the club will not be able to reopen while any appeal by its operator and licence-holder Digital Arts Media Ltd is considered. A previous police report described how a knife allegedly used on the attack on Mr Fisher was found on the dancefloor of the venue when officers arrived to respond to the incident.  READ MORE: Transgender woman who 'preyed' on victims found guilty of rape The report said that officers found a "scene of chaos" and "evidence of drug use". It blasted security and club staff saying they were "oblivious" and "started to clean up the dancefloor" when CPR was still being performed on Mr Fisher. Gary Grant, a barrister representing the police, said there was a "inadequate search regime" which allowed a knife inside the club as well as drugs with "blatant" use of illicit substances leading to three people needing treatment for an "overdose of one drug or another". One female customer said to be carried out to an ambulance "dribbling... and barely breathing" before being taken to hospital.  DON'T MISS: Fears baby missing with aristocrat and rapist 'sleeping in tent' [REVEAL] Mum furious as daughter told to remove coat in outdoor PE lesson [INSIGHT] Police name two men charged with murder of footballer on Boxing Day [SPOTLIGHT] Mr Grant added: "Within just over three months, this venue is here facing a summary review, triggered by an individual being murdered inside the club. "That, in itself, gives rise to rather terrifying risks involved in the operation of this venue. "On Boxing Day, Cody Fisher was tragically killed inside the venue and in addition, when the police investigated, they discovered what can only be described as blatant and widespread drug use being unchallenged inside the premises." Three men aged between 18 and 22 have been arrested for Mr Fisher's murder and have been remanded in custody awaiting trial in July. 