The first Question of Sport of 2023 saw Sam Queke take on the BBC quiz show with footballer Lauren Hemp and former England netball captain Pamela Cookey. Opposing team captain Ugo Monye was joined by Paralympian Andy Lapthorne and former cricketeer Simon Doull with Top Gear’s Paddy McGuinness presenting. BBC viewers weren’t entirely impressed with the series and took to Twitter to criticise the sports quiz show.  @timbo2050 agreed: “Does anyone watch #QuestionOfSport anymore? It's dire. The panelists are third rate. Not even amusing. Ruined a once fun programme. @BBC.” “Used to love #QuestionOfSport but I can’t bear to watch it now. It’s all woke minority sports and populated by uninteresting panellists and an unfunny gobby presenter. @bbc,” @rodbishop15 wrote. Read more: Matt Dawson admits he was 'incredibly sad' over Question of Sport exit @Stilly49 remarked: “@QuestionofSport get this dribble off. Get Sue, Matt and Phil back on the show this is horrendous. Also terrible decision changing the start up tune …. #questionofsport #bbc #tv #sport #quiz.” (sic) “@QuestionofSport why is every other question about American Football? The wokeness is as subtle as frying pan the face #questionofsport #americanfootballobsession,” @Smudger01979 questioned. However, other viewers praised the quiz show for its choice of guests on Friday. @bevmitchell2801 tweeted: “How much better was that episode of #QuestionOfSport than the whole of the last series?! “Less stupid gimmicks, less attention-seeking from Paddy, no celebrity (non-sportsperson) guest, just lots of sports quiz questions. Much better! I may make it to the end of this series!” @AndyGallagher86 shared: “#LoveQuestionOfSport I really can't wait!” Question of Sport controversially changed the line-up and format back in 2020. Sue Barker hosted the quiz programme for 24 years before she was replaced when the BBC decided to rebrand the show. DON'T MISSQuestion of Sport fans slam 'unwatchable' show over Love Island guest [INSIGHT]Question of Sport viewers slam BBC for 'murdering' show's format [VIDEO]Sue Barker fights tears after slamming BBC's handling of her exit [INTERVIEW] Team captains Matt Dawson and Phil Tufnell were also axed. Speaking on BBC Breakfast last year, Sue revealed she thought the BBC could have “handled” her departure better. She said: “They [BBC] wanted to refresh the programme and that's absolutely fine. "So we knew it was going to happen and it was just the way in which it happened and the way it was handled, and the way I think the BBC wanted me to say that I was walking away from it.” "And yet, I'd never walk away from a job I loved,” she continued. “I didn't mind being replaced. Absolutely fine. That happens. But it was just the way it was handled. "I think if we look back on it we could have handled it better. I think the BBC could have handled it better." When Sue’s exit from the show was announced, a BBC spokeswoman thanked the tennis champion for her “enormous contribution” as A Question of Sport’s longest-reigning host. Question of Sport continues on BBC One on Friday at 7.30pm.