A four-year-old boy died of cancer after doctors dismissed his mother's warning on at least six seperate opccasions. Rayhan Majid died in his parents' arms four months after he was diagnosed with a brain tumour. Doctors discovered an aggressive, grade three medulloblastoma tumour touching Rayhan's brainstem. Mum, Nadia, 45, took her son to four different GPs on six separate occasions after Rayhan started suffering from bad headaches and vomiting in October 2017. It was there that an MRI scan revealed a mass measuring 3cm by 4cm in Rayhan's brain. Nadia, from Airdrie in North Lanarkshire, said: "Rayhan was a healthy and active boy who played football and did Taekwondo and swimming. "He was never sick but, in October 2017 when he was four years old, he woke up crying one evening. "When I went to him, he wasn’t quite aware of himself. "He was clutching his head and saying that it was hot, but I couldn’t make eye contact or get through to him." READ ABOUT THE NAMING OF A WOMAN KILLED BY DOGS Nadia added that her son then started to wake up in the night with headaches a few times and would go on to be sick in the morning. She said: "It wasn’t like normal sickness. He would be retching and all that came out was bile. "That’s when my alarm bells started ringing. We just knew something wasn’t right, so we took him to the doctors, but they were not very helpful. "They would tickle and play with him and he would laugh and giggle." DON'T MISS: 'Highly dangerous' woman jailed after sexually assaulting young girl [REPORT] Joe Biden warned of 'world of hurt' as inflation 'loop' takes hold [REVEALED] Prince Harry 'wants to win' in coronation negotiations [LATEST] She added Rayhan would pass neurological tests with flying colours and doctors said he was absolutely fine. Nadia continued: "But he kept getting sick and his headaches were also increasing. Over the course of six weeks, we took him to see four different GPs on six separate occasions." She said when Rayhan watched TV, he kept saying he could not hear it and turned up the volume until it was really loud. The mum also noticed when he was walking through doorways in the house, he was not negotiating the door frames very well and would wobble into them. Nadia said: "We were convinced something was wrong with him but didn’t want to keep going back to the GPs who were dismissing us. "Eventually, we decided to take him to the Accident and Emergency department at the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital in Glasgow." Rayhan underwent surgery to remove as much of the tumour as possible. He was told he would need six weeks of radiotherapy and four months of chemotherapy. Before the treatment started another MRI scan revealed that the cancer had spread. Nadia, who is also mum to Eliza, aged five, and Zak, 14, added: "After the operation Rayhan developed cerebellar mutism and couldn’t speak or walk. He went from being this vibrant boy who was full of energy and laughter to being silent and unable to move. "From his expressions we could see he was in pain, but he couldn’t tell us what was wrong." Despite completing the radiotherapy and a first round of chemotherapy, Rayhan died on April 7, 2018, in the arms of his mum Nadia and dad Sarfraz. Nadia said: "We held onto our beloved boy and told him how much we loved him until 04:22 on Saturday 7 April when our Rayhan took his last breaths." After her son's death, Nadia is taking on a 10,000 steps a day challenge to raise money for Brain Tumour Research. She said: "I signed up to Brain Tumour Research’s 10,000 Steps a Day in February challenge along with my sisters, cousins and friends because the campaign resonates so much – walking will always be very symbolic for me as it’s so interlinked with my memories of Rayhan." The Steps for Rayhan fundraiser is aiming to raise £4,000 for Brain Tumour Research to help bring about better outcomes for brain tumour patients. So far the total is already more than £3,000. Matthew Price, Community Development Manager at Brain Tumour Research, said: "We’re really grateful to Nadia and the Remembering Rayhan team for taking on our 10,000 Steps a Day in February challenge as it’s only with the support of people like them that we’re able to progress our research into brain tumours and improve the outcome for patients who are forced to fight this awful disease."