A child's body has been found in rural Grady County, Oklahoma amid a search for Athena Brownfield, 4, who went missing on Christmas Day. Investigators recovered the remains outside Rush Springs, about 60 miles southwest of Oklahoma City. The search for Athena was made a "recovery operation," the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation said in a news release. Ivon Adams, 36, was arrested in Arizona on murder and child neglect charges and awaits extradition. Alysia Adams, 31, is jailed in Oklahoma on child neglect charges. An affidavit says Alysia Adams told investigators that her husband beat the child at about midnight December 25. Athena “was not moving and her eyes were barely open” Alysia Adams said, according to the affidavit by OSBI Lt. Brenna Alvarez. READ MORE: Biden risks special relationship as Blinken says no change on Brexit Ivon Adams “then laid her on the ground and punched her at least three more times in the chest” and the child “never moved after that.” Ivon Adams left the home with Athena at about 1 am December 26 and later returned, saying he buried her body on land the Adams once owned close to the nearby town of Rush Springs, about 15 miles (24 kilometers) southeast of Cyril, marking the site with “a large broken branch.” Jail records do not list attorneys for either who could comment on the accusations against them. Areas of Caddo County, where Cyril is located, are being searched for Athena's remains, the OSBI said Monday. The agency asked the the public not to search for Athena’s remains, saying that people could end up trespassing or contaminating potential evidence. The sisters' biological parents have been interviewed by authorities and are cooperating with the investigation, the OSBI said. Athena’s sister was taken into protective custody. Ivon Adams has waived extradition in Oklahoma and remains jailed in Maricopa County, Arizona, pending extradition. “I want to get there and take care of it,” Adams told a judge during a hearing Friday in Maricopa County court. “I need to get there and fight this.” DON'T MISS ‘Alien’ mystery sea creature washes up on shores [INSIGHT]Biden's classified documents spotlight 'troubling double standard' [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry slammed for TMI in Spare - 'inane and puerile' [VIDEO] Court documents do not list attorneys who could speak on the behalf of either of the Adams. Brandon Bryant, who said he and his wife were once neighbors of the Adams, said Tuesday that he had little interaction with the couple, but saw nothing unusual from them. “Didn’t see anything out of the normal. We talked to Alysia a few times, Ivon never,” Bryant said. "We never went into their house, Alysia came over to our house a few times ... we gave her a car seat.” Bryant, whose children are 5 and 10 years old, said he still considers Cyril, with a population of about 800, a safe place.