Scott Wilson was well-known as Hershel Greene, the father of Maggie Rhee (played by Lauren Cohan), for seasons two to four of AMC’s wildly popular post-apocalyptic drama, The Walking Dead. In a recent catch-up with his season two co-star Jon Bernthal, long-running cast member Norman Reedus reminisced about acting with Scott before his death in 2018. Norman has expressed his sorrow for being unable to attend Scott’s funeral after their time together on The Walking Dead. The prolific film and TV actor died in his home from leukaemia in 2018 at the age of 76. He co-starred alongside Norman, as well as Lauren, Jon, Andrew Lincoln and several others in three seasons of the hit zombie drama. “I regretted not being able to come to his funeral,” Norman admitted. READ MORE: Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry “He died on the same day my daughter was born. So I couldn’t go, ‘cause we were in labour.” Norman’s host Jon replied: “Wow. Dude, that’s f*****g heavy. I remember that now.” “Crazy right?” Norman added. “That’s why I wasn’t there.” Scott’s funeral was no doubt attended by many friends and colleagues across the film and TV industry. His death was confirmed the day before the premiere of The Walking Dead’s ninth season, which was dedicated to his memory. During Scott’s stint in the drama, his character Hershel helped the survivors defend their farm and prison homes before being killed by the Governor (David Morrisey). He was also known for appearing in popular films Hostile, Pearl Harbour and The Last Samurai as well as leading Netflix’s sci-fi mystery series The OA. “Me, you and Scott, out on the road,” Jon recalled on his Real Ones podcast. DON'T MISS:Brenda Blethyn’s co-star would ‘jump at the chance’ of reunion [EXCLUSIVE]NCIS Hawaii bosses tease season 2 cast shake-up [INSIGHT]The Last of Us creator on toning down violence for HBO [INTERVIEW] “We had some magical f*****g times. For me, Scott is legitimately a hero.” Norman reminisced: “Scott used to sneak into my trailer all the time. He’d have a little flask and would be like, ‘Shut the door!’ ‘Get in here!’ “He and I became really good friends. I just loved Scott. I think because I didn’t know my dad as much as I would have liked to. “When I find guys that I really respect of that age, I f*****g stick to them. I stick to them, I don’t know what it is, I just love them.” “And Scott was so open, he was so honest. Last time I saw Scott was at his house. “We were all at his house watching his In Cold Blood audition. He was sitting there next to me, and he couldn't speak very well. “We were sitting there watching, the room’s totally quiet. I looked over at him, he looked over at me. “I go, ‘You’re such a f*****g a**hole!’ And he just starts laughing, you know?” Although the mainline The Walking Dead series has now come to an end, fans have plenty of spin-offs starring their favourite characters to look forward to this year. The Walking Dead seasons 1-11 are available to stream on AMC+ in the USA and Disney+ in the UK.