Excerpts from Prince Harry’s book have been shared after it was accidentally released early in Spain. Extracts from Spare include Prince Harry sharing how many soldiers he killed during his two tours in Afghanistan. However, royal editor Katie Nicholl believes by including such details, the Duke of Sussex has alienated the military family he has. Joining BBC Breakfast, Katie explained the military have always been very supportive of the Prince but aren’t impressed with his latest revelations. “[The military] has been very sympathetic to Harry, to Meghan,” Katie stated. “They’ve celebrated the homecoming of Meghan as the Duchess of Sussex, Harry as their hero Prince. “He was their soldier Prince too, he was our soldier Prince, he fought two tours in Afghanistan. READ MORE: Tom Chambers pays tribute to Father Brown star Mark Williams “But for him to then go and break that unwritten rule that you don’t brag about how many soldiers you’ve killed in theatre, he’s not just alienated his own family, his blood family, which he absolutely has done in all of this, he’s alienated his second family, the military. “Now I’ve interviewed many people over the years who have served with Prince Harry and they thought he was wonderful. “They thought he was a brilliant soldier but there is a real sense within the military community that he’s also let them down. “You do have to wonder, at what cost has this all come for Prince Harry. “He’s millions of pounds richer in the bank, this was a very lucrative multi-million dollar book deal here but what has he lost in the process?” While Katie claimed Harry has no doubt lost the support of the military, many of his former comrades have come out to stand by the Duke. Former Royal Marines commando JJ Chalmers, who met Harry in 2014, tweeted “Since WW1 pilots recorded their actions. "In modern warfare it’s ‘literally recorded’, numbers kept, not by the pilot but by those who watch and command them. War is hellish and those who experience it first hand know the context and can ultimately reflect on it as they see fit.” Meanwhile, Dave Henson, who has competed in Invictus Games, shared the full passage from Harry’s memoir and added: “Context is everything, and so crucial to support an accurate narrative. Unhelpful to jump on isolated sentences or figures.” DON'T MISS...Harry's royal revelations baffle Montecito neighbours [LATEST]Prince Harry wanted to cancel tell-all book after visiting Queen [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry’s biographer fumes at Harry critics over new book [INSIGHT] Katie went on to tell BBC hosts Naga Munchetty and Roger Johnson the Duke of Sussex is losing supporting in America too. The Vanity Fair editor explained they believe he has “crossed the line” by sharing details about the Royal Family. “Of course, by leaving the Royal Family he's lost the backup of the palace,” she commented. “I think he comes across as very vulnerable and very exposed and I think he is surrounded by a lot of people who only say yes. "And I mean, where were the friends? Where were the people who truly knew him to pass that manuscript to him in confidence who actually would say, 'Harry, perhaps you have gone too far here.’”  Katie went on to add: “I really do think there has been this swing in public support. "And of course, that is concerning for Harry and Meghan as they are in California where they have set up this alternative rival royal court. "They need America's support and at the moment I am not sure they have got it. “I think even the Americans feel Harry, in this autobiography, has crossed a line.” Harry is set to appear in three interviews promoting Spare this weekend, including a chat with ITV journalist Tom Bradby. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am.