Christian Horner has claimed Formula 1 legend Sebastian Vettel is ‘annoyingly good’ at anything he puts his hand to following the German star’s retirement in 2022. Vettel called time on a remarkable F1 career by retiring at the end of the last campaign in November. The German won 53 races and four world championships during his career, with his four titles coming simultaneously between 2010 and 2013. Vettel enjoyed his dominant period on the track whilst driving for Red Bull under the guidance of Horner. After calling time on his driving career it remains unknown what the four-time world champion is going to do now he is not behind the wheel of an F1 car. Horner did have a suggestion for the German, claiming he would make a handy driver counsellor, after playing a similar role in his final few seasons of competition. JUST IN: Guenther Steiner snaps back at criticism of Haas' Ferrari relationship - 'Don't care' Per F1i, he said: “He’s a great people person. He understands the value of people and the contribution that they make to success. And I think he’s turned into somewhat of a driver counsellor in the last couple of years as well. "So, it really depends on what he wishes to apply himself to. He’s one of those guys that’s annoyingly good at anything he chooses to do. So I’m sure if he chooses that path he would be very good at it." DON'T MISS:Mark Webber issues verdict on Daniel Ricciardo decision after Oscar Piastri replaces himLewis Hamilton and George Russell complaints forced Mercedes to make factory changesLewis Hamilton warned Max Verstappen is now a different beast as Brit eyes 2023 title duel Vettel spent the last two seasons of his F1 career driving for Aston Martin. One man who also had high praise for him was his former Aston boss, and team principal Mike Krack, who also echoed Horner’s sentiments. “I don’t know if he wants to do that [driver counsellor], but I think he has the personality and all the skill… [that] I think the ones that are needed to do that," Krack said. So I think he could be a good one, yeah."