Manchester United are currently available with the Glazers open to selling the club. Sir Jim Ratcliffe is one potential option to take charge of the Red Devils, with the British billionaire expected to enter the bidding. However, former West Ham striker Frank McAvennie thinks that while he’d be a good fit for the fallen giants, he still has ‘more money than sense’. Back in November, the Glazers suggested they were open to selling United by saying: "The strength of Manchester United rests on the passion and loyalty of our global community of 1.1 billion fans and followers. “As we seek to continue building on the Club’s history of success, the Board has authorised a thorough evaluation of strategic alternatives. "We will evaluate all options to ensure that we best serve our fans and that Manchester United maximises the significant growth opportunities available to the Club today and in the future. “Throughout this process we will remain fully focused on serving the best interests of our fans, shareholders, and various stakeholders.” And, in the time since, Ratcliffe has emerged as a potential candidate to buy the club. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big McAvennie has delivered a brutal assessment of the Glazers by saying they’ve made mistake after mistake. And while he thinks Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’, he also has backed the Brit to transform United in the event of any potential takeover. “I do not think there is anyone who does not want that family out,” he told Football Insider. “From the supporters right through to the players I do not think there is anyone. They have made shambles after shambles after shambles, mistake after mistake after mistake. “It is smoke and mirrors, they have not done anything. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see “I think Ratcliffe is no fool, he will not pay over the top for it. I think he is a Man United supporter, what a result that is. “He has got more money than sense but if you are going to buy a club Man United is certainly the club to buy.“ While Ratcliffe is an option, however, it emerged over the weekend that United were scathing of his takeover plans. They doubt he’ll actually meet the Glazers for talks, despite his interest in buying his favourite team. And whether that happens remains to be seen, with United currently a club shrouded in uncertainty. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Former United star Gary Neville, meanwhile, recently welcomed Ratcliffe’s interest. However, he doesn’t think the Brit has the wealth to challenge the likes of Manchester City and Newcastle. Speaking to Sky Sports, he said: “The main thing is that the Glazers leave as quickly as possible and the second thing is that whoever takes it over, if they could hand it over to people who are in good hands and have a feeling for the club, that would be great. “Jim Ratcliffe was born in Manchester and knows the area. If he wins it, I think there will be a lot of very happy Manchester United fans. “He would want to do the right thing by the club - in fact I am sure that he would. “That’s the main thing beyond the Glazers leaving, that they don’t hand it over.” He added: “I don’t think United can hand it over to another investment firm who are expecting a return on their money. “That’s what worries me a little bit about private enquiry coming into football and that ultimately, they are looking for a return on their money and a return on their investment. “If that’s the case, it could mean that United aren’t in a similar place to where this club [Manchester City] are here, or Newcastle with benefactors who are happy to live debt free, not have interest payments, not leverage debt against the club. “Manchester United need to be a debt-free football club, with someone who’s willing to put money in.”