Meghan clashed with the Royal Family in one of her first public appearances with the Firm, Prince Harry’s book has revealed, following a joke that left them cringing. A comment by the Duchess to Kate, the Princess of Wales, led to a “yawning silence”, the Prince wrote. In his bombshell memoir Spare, released yesterday, Harry described the scene for one of his first public appearances with Meghan at the Trooping of the Colour, to celebrate the Queen’s official birthday in 2018. However, the atmosphere was cut short when Meghan made an attempt at humour. When Kate asked the Duchess what she thought of the occasion, the new member of the family responded: “Colourful.” Prince Harry wrote that following his wife’s remark, “a yawning silence threatened to swallow us all whole.” The encounter was not the first tense interaction between Meghan and the Princess of Wales that Harry has publicly revealed. In an ITV interview with Tom Bradby, the Prince recalled an awkward meeting in the summer of 2018 between previously named “fab four” - him, Meghan, Kate, and Prince William. The Duke claims they had arranged to meet up to try and clear the air following several disagreements which included Meghan commenting on Kate’s “baby brain” - which Prince William branded “rude”. Prince Harry said Kate was later gripping her leather chair so tightly her “fingers turned white”. But one of the more controversial moments of conflict between the Princess of Wales and Meghan was an argument ahead of their May 2018 wedding. It was reported shortly after the event that an altercation between the two over Princess Charlotte’s bridesmaid dress left Kate in tears, with one unnamed friend claiming Kate wanted to follow “protocol” with the bridesmaids, including Charlotte, then three, wearing tights – but Meghan disagreed. READ MORE: Piers Morgan swipes at ITV for demanding 'Princess Pinocchio' apology [REVEAL] Author Tom Bower claimed unnamed sources told him the pair had disagreed over the length of Princess Charlotte's hemline and the fit of her dress. However, the Duchess of Sussex later disagreed in her bombshell Oprah Winfrey interview, claiming it was the other way around and adding: “She [Kate] was upset about something, but she owned it, and she apologised. And she brought me flowers”. Prince Harry admitted in his ITV interview that “tensions were high” at the time, and criticised the Palace for not correcting the story. The tailor for the dresses recently came forward to expose the behind-the-scenes of the argument, saying he was “not surprised” there had been tears. The Duke also told Tom Bradby that despite the Prince and Princess of Wales being “religious viewers” of Suits, he agreed that it was “fair” to say his family “didn’t get on” with his wife “almost from the get-go”. DON'T MISS: Meghan preferred clothes a 'little easier to breathe in' than others [REVEAL]Michelle Donelan defends Jeremy Clarkson's freedom of speech [INSIGHT]Prince Harry wore Tom Hardy's Mad Max costume for incognito night out [ANALYSIS] He said: “There was a lot of stereotyping that was happening, that I was guilty of as well, at the beginning.” The Prince went on to claim that this was causing a “barrier” to his family which prevented them from “welcoming her in.” When asked why Meghan “didn’t get on” with his family, the Prince said: “Lots of – lots of different reasons but I – look, as I again detail a lot, I had put a lot of hope in the idea that, you know, it'd be William and Kate and me and whoever. I thought the – you know, the four of us would, you know, bring me and William closer together, we could go out and do work together, which I did a lot as the third wheel to them” He said this “was fun at times but also, I guess slightly awkward at times as well.” The Duke added that he felt the Cambridges weren’t “ever expecting me to get into a relationship with someone like Meghan who had a very successful career.”