Cristiano Ronaldo was unveiled as an Al Nassr player officially on Tuesday, as the club declared him the "greatest ever player" following his move to Saudi Arabia. The 37-year-old had been a free agent since his Manchester United contract was terminated, and he has found a new home in the Middle East. The ex-United striker arrived in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia via his private jet on Monday evening. On Tuesday, he completed his medical and posted on Instagram that the physical formalities had been completed ahead of the move where he was unveiled to fans inside a packed Mrsool Park. Inside the ground before he was brought out to the fans, they were treated to a laser show as the five-time Ballon d'Or winner arrived via a car in a suit, walking through the stadium before Al Nassr fans got their first glimpse of the star. Before he was welcomed by the fans, a press conference was held inside the ground as the club's press officer dubbed him "the greatest" footballer, before Ronaldo confirmed that his playing days in Europe were behind him. JUST IN: Newcastle 'make £16m bid' for Barcelona-linked wonderkid Alan Varela "In Europe my work is done," Ronaldo said. "I won everything. I played in the most important clubs in Europe and for me it's now a new challenge. I won everything, I played at the most important clubs and for me now it is a new challenge in Asia. So far feeling very good, I'm so proud to make this big decision in my life. "I can say now I had many opportunities in Europe, many clubs in Brazil, Australia, USA, even in Portugal many tried to sign me. But I gave my word to this club not only to develop the club, but the country. I know what I want, but I also know what I don’t want. DON'T MISSGary Speed's widow Louise suffers more heartbreak as husband dies from cancerNewcastle may have pulled off masterstroke as Maddison swap opens upWhat Man Utd chiefs think about Ten Hag after Rashford punishment  He did accidentally remark that he was happy to be in South Africa, rather than Saudi Arabia. "The football is different, so for me it's not the end of my career to come to South Africa," he let slip. "This is why I want to change, and to be honest I'm really not worried about what people say. "When I take my decisions, my family always support me, especially my kids. I want to give a different vision of the country and the football. If you give the example of the World Cup, the only team that beat the champions [Argentina] is Saudi Arabia. I'm grateful that Al-Nassr have given me this opportunity, not only for the younger generation, but for the womens generation. Its a challenge but I'm very proud." Depending on his fitness, Ronaldo could make his debut on Thursday against Al-Ta'ee. If he is unable to feature, the Saudi Pro League leaders face Al-Shabab on Saturday alongside World Cup hero Vincent Aboubakar, though the striker has been linked with a move in the opposite direction in January to the Premier League. 