LeBron James starred to lead the Los Angeles Lakers to their fifth successive win and maintain their unbeaten start to 2023. After a horrific start to the campaign, the Lakers are remarkably the most in-form team in the NBA. Los Angeles have shown some life and have won five successive matches since falling to the Miami Heat on December 29. On Saturday night, James scored 37 points - along with seven assists and eight rebounds - to lead the Lakers to a crucial 136-134 win over the Sacramento Kings. The win over the Kings pushes the Lakers slightly closer to entering play-in consideration, which is a stunning turn of events given Los Angeles’ faltering season suffered a crushing blow when Anthony Davis picked up an injury last month. The team have been carried by the incredible form of James, who is averaging 27.2 points per game in his 20th campaign as an NBA player. Against the Kings, duo Dennis Schroder and Russell Westbrook found form as they scored 26 and 25 points respectively. Westbrook, the 2017 MVP, also added 15 assists as the Lakers continue to improve their chemistry and results. READ MORE: LeBron James shows true colours during Shannon Sharpe meeting However, while James and others excelled, Thomas Bryant was exceptional as he scored 29 points and hauled in 14 rebounds. James was clearly impressed, insisting his teammate was ‘one of the most skilled bigs in this game’. “Thomas (Bryant) is definitely taking full advantage of this opportunity,” James told reporters after the win. “And he's a guy who plays extremely hard, knows how to play, and probably one of the most skilled bigs in this game. “He catches everything. He finishes everything around the rim. But he also has a soft, soft touch from the mid-range and from the three point line. And he's just has a motor and he's just a huge motor that there's just always going on both sides of the floor. I've always worked well with guys like that.” DON'T MISSBoston Celtics make first trade of NBA season with hint at future planGiannis Antetokounmpo matches Kareem Abdul-Jabbar in historic NBA runNBA star brutally trolls Charlotte Hornets with legal time-wasting Lakers head coach Darvin Ham also praised his team’s performance, adding: “I thought we did an excellent job. 70 points in the pain. That’s who we are. We want to play fast, physical and free, with force.” The Lakers are currently sitting 12th in the Western Conference, although they have the same number of wins as the eighth-place Portland Trail Blazers. James and co. will look to continue their impressive form when they face the Denver Nuggets on Monday night.