Emmerdale viewers have been waiting for Chloe Harris (played by Jessie Elland) and Mackenzie Boyd's (Lawrence Robb) secret to come out. The pair had a fling last year which resulted in Chloe becoming pregnant. Mack has been hellbent on keeping the baby from his wife-to-be Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins), but it is only a matter of time before Mack and Chloe's lie is exposed.  Official spoilers reveal Mack tries to join in Charity’s happy banter but remains haunted by the secret guilt he’s carrying. The next day, Mackenzie reveals to Chloe that he’s going to tell Charity about the baby. They both don’t realise Sarah has just come back out of her bedroom and has overheard them from upstairs. Chloe’s flummoxed as she realises Mackenzie is not backing down and he’s going to tell Charity the truth that day. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss  Mackenzie encourages her to leave but Chloe has nowhere to go, although, unbeknown to them, Sarah is still listening upstairs. Chloe’s determined to stand her ground and stay, but she doesn’t want to be thrown to the wolves by Mackenzie. Then, just as Mackenzie and Chloe are about to reveal their secret to Charity, Sarah comes stumbling down the stairs, struggling to breathe. Charity instructs Mack to call an ambulance whilst Sarah hyperventilates. After being rushed to the hospital, Sarah is wheeled off for medical treatment while Mack supports an emotional Charity. Meanwhile, he looks across to a relieved Chloe as it looks like his plan to come clean is put on hold. Upset Charity confides in Mackenzie that she's worried about Sarah’s life expectancy. Chloe clocks a doctor walking purposefully towards them and Charity is left terrified, knowing there’s news. DON'T MISS...Radio 2's Zoe Ball replaced by Vernon Kay after issuing urgent health  [NEWS]Eamonn Holmes shares Ruth Langsford bedroom admission [VIDEO]Vera's Brenda Blethyn speaks out on Dr Malcolm Donahue's exit  [INSIGHT] Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk ahead of the explosive storyline, Lawrence Robb and Jessie Elland discussed what's in store for Mack and Chloe. When asked whether Chloe is worried about Sarah exposing the fling, the actress who plays Chloe replied: "Yes. "I think especially for Chloe because they are so close and she feels awful for having to keep it a secret when it's kind of necessary for her survival. "I think Chloe is able to deal with it quite well, I think she's quite confident in her ability to you know, manipulate or conceal the truth. So, I think she's more confident about it." "I think in some ways, Mackenzie has a little bit more to lose than Chloe does," Lawrence chimed in. "That might be a factor in why he reacts the way he does. "Because he's at a point now where he's engaged and he's wanting to plan a wedding. He's got a lot of things happening." Will Sarah end up exposing Mack and Chloe's secret to Charity before dying in hospital? If so, a double exit could be on the cards when The Woolpack owner finally discovers the truth. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.