Rishi Sunak delivered a scathing attack on Keir Starmer at Prime Minister's Questions, accusing him of playing "political games". In a heated back and forth, the Labour leader accused Mr Sunak of always blaming others for the NHS crisis. But the Prime Minister hit back, blasting Sir Keir for performing a U-turn on his promise to hold another Brexit referendum. The PM accused Sir Keir of breaking key Labour pledges, only sticking with promises that "suit them". He told MPs in the House of Commons: "They'll just say anything if the politics suits them ... He'll break promises left, right and centre. "He promised to nationalise public services, he promised to have a second referendum, he promise to defend the mass migration of the EU." As Tory MPs cheered, the Prime Minister continued: "Mr Speaker, if we are going to deliver for the British people, people need to have strong convictions. "But when it comes to the Honourable Gentleman, he isn't just for the free movement of people, he's also got the free movement of principles." The Labour leader - a staunch Remainer- has come under fire for changing his mind on Brexit. In the aftermath of the 2016 Brexit referendum, Sir Keir had pledged to hold a second referendum on the UK's exit from the European Union. But he has since adopted a "make Brexit work" approach, ruling out support for a Swiss-style model of closer economic ties.  Asked if he was "shifting" his message to appeal to swing voters who backed Brexit, he told Sky News’ Sophy Ridge on Sunday: "No, Sophy – I’ve long reflected on that referendum. "Sitting beyond that [2016 referendum] there was a very powerful emotional case for change, which I don’t think most Remain voters would argue with, I certainly didn’t. The other side of Brexit is delivering the change needed in this country." Sir Keir has also said there is "no case" for returning to the EU or the single market. When questioned on whether he could change his mind on the issue in December, the Labour leader responded: "No, I don’t think. We left and having left there is no case now for saying ‘go back’ and back into the single market and customs union". Today's clash between Sir Keir and the Prime Minister began with the two leaders having a tense back and forth over ambulance waiting times, with Sir Keir asking Mr Sunak how long it would take for an ambulance to arrive if one were called for a potential heart attack at the start of PMQs. Mr Sunak hit back at the Labour leader for his objection to the Government's new anti-strike legislation, saying: "If he cares about ensuring patients get access to lifesaving care when they need it, why won't he support the Conservative Party's minimum service legislation". But Sir Keir pressed the Prime Minister, accusing him of deflecting and once again asking: "When will the ambulance arrive?" He later added: "Over the course of the 40 minutes that PMQs tend to last, 700 people will call an ambulance. Two will be reporting a heart attack. Four will be reporting a stroke. Instead of the rapid help they need, many will wait and wait and wait." DON'T MISS: VDL vows 'robust response' to 'unfair trade' in veiled threat to UK [REVEAL] Keegan mocks unions as most teachers did not back strikes [REPORT] Gary Lineker calls for politicians to be paid even more [INSIGHT]  The Labour leader also called on Mr Sunak to apologise for causing "lethal chaos" by failing to prevent strike action which is currently contributing to a collapse in the health service's ability to respond to emergency callouts. But Mr Sunak said the Government is "rapidly implementing measures to improve the delivery of ambulance times". He added: "Because of the extra funding we are putting in to relieve pressure in urgent and emergency care departments, because of the investment we are putting in in ambulance call handling, we will improve ambulance times as we are recovering from the pandemic and, indeed, the pressures of this winter."