In his explosive memoir, Spare, Prince Harry recounts what he claims was a physical attack by his brother, Prince William, as their relationship fell apart over the younger Prince’s marriage to Meghan Markle. Describing a confrontation at his London home in 2019, Harry says William called Meghan “difficult”, “rude” and “abrasive”. Harry then reportedly called this a “parrot[ing of] the press narrative” about the Duchess of Sussex. The confrontation escalated, Harry wrote, until William “grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and … knocked me to the floor”. What necklace was he wearing though? Eddie LeVian, the CEO of American celebrity jewellery house Le Vian, available at Ernest Jones, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the style of Harry's necklace. He said: "The stainless steel version of the dog tag necklace such as Harry is wearing, started as an identification tag for men and women fighting in the military. "But it has now become a men’s jewellery fashion staple." Prince Harry sported the necklace, which he says represents the heartbeats of his two children, Archie, three, and Lilibet, one, in a sentimental moment on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert in New York City. The show host Stephen Colbert asked Harry: "There's a lot of talk about the physical fight, that the two you had - that he pushed you down the kitchen and broke the dog bawl when you fell on it.   "He says he broke your necklace. What necklace was this that he broke?" The Duke of Sussex went on to reveal his necklace that was previously hidden under his purple shirt and that has now been "fixed", he said. Asked what is on it, he said: "We've got my kids' heartbeats, which my wife gave me." The Late Show host clarified: "Oh, the cardiogram engraved there." READ MORE: Princess Anne 'quietly struggling' is 'really upsetting' claims expert  Mr LeVian exclusively told Express.co.uk: "This is a trending look evoking masculinity and strength for men. "Le Vian creates dozens of unique dog tag necklace designs in gold and or silver and with Chocolate Diamonds, Nude Diamonds, Blackberry Diamonds or Blueberry Sapphires." Besides his children's heartbeats, another pendant showed the gemstone tiger's eye, which a friend of his in Bostwana made for him. Botswana is a special place for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who took a trip together there in 2016 for their third date.  Tiger's eye is a naturally occurring, golden-brown variety of quartz said to promote clarity in the wearer. A key piece in his collection, Harry appears to be wearing the same necklace on the cover of Spare. Referring to the now infamous fight between him and William, Harry says his brother provoked him to fight back but the Duke refused. He said that his brother left and then returned "looking regretful, and apologised". 