The drink which aims to "refresh, replenish and refuel" is available in Asda and Aldi and was briefly in Costco. The YouTubers have a large fanbase of youngsters who are keen to grab the merchandise of their favourite stars. This desire to secure their own bottle of the drink has seen experts warn parents about how they are being used by predators to lure children. Internet proxy experts have found that children have been targeted with the drinks to attract them to the dark web. Experts from Geonode made the discovery after analysing chat room websites. Data analysis found that Google searches of free Prime dink meet-ups skyrockets by 789 percent compared to last month. Director of Action Against Abduction, Geoff Newiss told The Sun: “Traditionally we’ve always thought about abduction happening outdoors – a man driving round trying to lure a child into a car with the promise of sweets. “But online forums have really changed the nature of these offences. “The important thing to remember is that simply warning children about strangers is probably not going to do the job.” He continued: “Children go online to meet and connect with people, and the concept of a stranger quickly gets lost, particularly in the face of a powerful lure.” Geoff advised parents to discuss with their children what they do on the internet in a relaxed manner. READ MORE: Sweden can 'no longer expect' Turkish support for NATO bid He noted that holding regular low-key conversations with children about this can urge them to speak to an adult if uncertain about something. He added: “If children start being very secretive or get nervous when they receive a notification this could be a warning signal for parents to look further into their children’s online activities.” Geoff also warned children and young people that they should inform a trusted adult if someone is encouraging them to meet up in person. Meanwhile, doctors have also warned parents that the caffeine content of Prime energy is too high and should not be consumed by those under the age of 18. DON'T MISS:POLL – Should NHS patients be charged for GP and A&E visits? (POLL)Floyd Mayweather is ruining his legacy after UK fight announced  (REVEAL)Royal Family ‘stronger than ever’ after Prince Harry’s claims (INSIGHT) The drink contains 200mg of caffeine, while a can of Monster energy has 86.4mg. KSI and Logan Paul’s other beverage, Prime hydration would be better suited due to its lower caffeine content. Dr Deborah Lee, from Dr Fox Online Pharmacy told The Mirror: “I would not recommend children drink Prime energy drinks or other energy drinks for children of any age.” The YouTube pair use celebrity boxing matches as part of the promotional strategy for the drink which they hope will “rival the biggest companies on earth”.