Arsenal are reportedly set to make a third bid for Brighton’s Moises Caicedo after their two previous offers were swiftly rejected by the Seagulls. Mikel Arteta’s side are hoping to land their preferred midfield target this month to bolster the squad for their title charge and want to make the Ecuadorian their third January signing after Leandro Trossard and Jakub Kiwior. The Sun have claimed that after having bids of £60million and £70m rejected, Arsenal are set to test Brighton’s resolve once again with an offer of £70m, with a further £5m in add-ons. If accepted, Caicedo would become the Gunners’ record signing if the further add-ons are achieved, eclipsing the £72m spent on Nicolas Pepe in 2019. Brighton have been adamant that Caicedo would not be sold in this window despite the 21-year-old’s public plea to leave, though the report claims that Roberto De Zerbi’s side would be open to selling the Ecuador international and are holding out for £80m. De Zerbi admitted that while he would like to keep the 21-year-old, he is prepared to go without him if a move does materialise. “I would like that he can finish the season with us but we are ready to go forward without him,” De Zerbi said after Sunday’s 2-1 win over Liverpool in the FA Cup. "I can understand him because when you are 21, and you receive the request of a big, big team that are playing in Europe. “I can understand... Caicedo is a very, very good guy. I was surprised (by his statement) but I can understand where it started. I don't know if you understand, but Moises is a good guy.” Caicedo sat out Sunday’s victory over Liverpool and has agreed to stay away from the club until the deadline passes. Arsenal have been pushing to sign Caicedo and may have stepped up their interest following a fresh injury to Mohamed Elneny, while they had a scare in their FA Cup defeat to Manchester City when Thomas Partey was forced off with a rib injury, though he is expected to be fit to face Everton next on Saturday. DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart While Partey, Granit Xhaka and Martin Odegaard have performed admirably for the Premier League leaders so far this season, Arsenal have been fortunate that the trio have stayed relatively injury-free. During Partey’s absence earlier in the campaign, the Gunners were handed their only defeat of the Premier League season - a 3-1 loss away to Manchester United in September. Fabio Vieira and Albert Sambi Lokonga are the only traditional midfielders that could deputise for the trio and Arteta has been reluctant to use both, with a crucial period of the season ahead Arsenal may feel that it is worth testing Brighton with a third bid of potentially £75m for Caicedo.