The location may be different but the premise of Bling Empire New York will be the same. This Netflix reality series will follow another group of Asian Americans who are influencers, fashionistas and millionaires wanting money, love and power. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about Bling Empire New York. Bling Empire fans will be delighted to see Dorothy Wang join the cast of the spin-off. As well as an actress and TV personality, Wang is a licensed real estate broker, has a jewellery line called Fabuluxe and champagne brand Rich and Bubbly. She is the daughter of billionaire businessman Roger Wang who is the chairman and former chief executive officer of the Golden Eagle International Group. As well as Bling Empire, Dorothy has been on the reality show Rich Kids of Beverly Hills. READ MORE: Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz Among the new cast in Bling Empire New York is former Hong Kong actress Tina Leung. Some of her credits include Dark Rendezvous, The Warlord, A Big Mess and One Day at a Time. She now works as a fashion stylist and blogger who works on The House of Slay. According to its description, it is is "an AAPI-founded, fashion-forward collective united by a single mission: to stop anti- Asian discrimination while creating safe, inclusive spaces for underrepresented people from all walks of life." Blake Abbie a Canadian writer of both Chinese and Scottish descent. He is an actor who made his debut in Chinese television with the series Meteor Garden, playing a character called Thomas. Abbie is currently the editor-at-large of the fashion magazines A Magazine Curated By and System. So what will the actor-turned-writer get up to in the Bling Empire spin-off? DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert ‘at a loss’ over value of ballerinas [EXPLAINER]Too Hot To Handle’s Nigel Jones admits he was ‘confused’ by format [CAST]Ginny and Georgia season 3: Show boss ignites renewal hopes [UPDATE] Co-star Stephen Hung is a Hong Kong businessman who was the joint chairman of The 13 Holdings Limited. He is now the chairman of The Taipan Investment Group and vice-chairman of Rio Entertainment Group, which operates the Rio Hotel & Casino in Macau. Stephen is married to Mexican-born model Deborah Hung who is the founder of agency Dreamodels. She originally worked as a model before choosing to venture into the world of modelling in 2004. Little is known about Richard Chang, bar the fact he is the chief growth officer for Hudson Medical + Wellness. He is also in a long-term relationship with a woman called Vika who also stars in Bling Empire New York. Ban is a Singapore-born jewellery designer as well as a mother-of-one who turned 50 last year. She says she wants to share her story of how she immigrated to the USA and "worked my way up". Bling Empire New York premieres on Friday, January 20, on Netflix.