In an enlightening interview, the performer shared how he coped when his work projects were put on hold because of Covid. A prominent figure on the screen since the 1990s, starring in blockbusters such as Schindler's List, how did Ralph find the global slow down? The 60-year-old told Female First: "My mental health is such that I need to keep busy. "If I don’t give myself tasks, whether it’s learning a language or doing exercise or something, I can sink... "The morning time is the worst. In that weird place between sleep and wakefulness, I feel a low thing coming into me. "But then I get up and start the day and I do stuff and it’s sort of OK." Living on his own, he did find that "incrementally, over weeks and weeks", his life resembled the "Twilight Zone". READ MORE: ‘Almost everyone with advanced cancer’ reports the same ‘unbearable’ symptom - warning Remembering back before the pandemic, Ralph knew what he was doing, then "everything that was slated got moved around". Sinking into depression The mental health charity Mind lists the common signs and symptoms of depression to watch out for, including feeling: People who are experiencing depression might behave by: Severe episodes of depression can lead to delusions, such as paranoia, and hallucinations, such as hearing voices. How to help yourself from slipping into depression There are steps you can take to improve your mental health, Mind assures. "Many people find that just sharing their experiences can help them feel better," the charity says. "It may be that just having someone listen to you and show they care can help in itself." READ MORE: Looking 'pale, grey and sweaty' could signal a looming heart attack If you feel you can't speak to somebody you know, the Samaritans are available, 24-hours daily, for free on: 116 123. Taking steps to look after your physical health can also make a difference to the way you feel. Beneficial tips include incorporating physical activity into your everyday routine.  Activities could include yoga, swimming, or walking, which can all help to boost your mood. Even taking a shower can feel restorative, especially when you get fully dressed, even if you aren't leaving the house. Ralph Fiennes features in Maid in Manhattan, which is showing on Sunday, January 8 at 3:50pm on channel 4.