Prince Harry has said he did not view those he killed in Afghanistan as people but as chess pieces which he removed from the board. He said the number did not fill him with satisfaction, "but nor does it embarass" him, according to the Telegraph.   Harry completed two tours of Afghanistan in 2007-08 and in 2012. News the then-third in line to the throne was fighting in the war torn country came 10 weeks into his tour. This is the first time the Duke has spoken of the number of people he was personally responsible for killing during his time in the south west Asian country. In a leaked excerpt from his memoir, Spare, Harry says he flew six missions which led to the "taking of human lives". The Duke writes that in the "era of Apaches and laptops", he was able to say "with exactness" how many he had killed. He states: "And it seemed to me essential not to be afraid of that number. So my number is 25. It’s not a number that fills me with satisfaction, but nor does it embarrass me." In episode three of the Sussexes' Netflix series, Harry says of his military service: "Two tours in Afghanistan, flying Apache helicopters on a military base means that you grow up pretty fast." Harry was known as Officer Cadet Wales at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst during a 44-week training course, according to Veteran Life magazine. After training, he received his commission as an officer in the British Army, joining the Blues and Royals. READ ABOUT A SHOCKING RISE IN UNLIVEABLE MILITARY HOMES According to the same publication, Harry served on patrol duty in enemy areas and helped fight Taliban insurgents during his first tour. After his first tour, Harry attended the Defence Helicopter Flying School at RAF Shawbury in Shropshire. He was promoted to captain and awarded an Apache Flying Badge with some of his helicopter training taking place in California and Arizona. Harry going public with the number of people he killed in Afghanistan could raise fears for his personal safety due to the fact the Duke has long been regarded as a terrorist target due to his status as a royal and his military links. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry was told Meghan 'not welcome' at Queen death bed [REVEALED] The 10 biggest bombshells from Prince Harry's book and interviews [REPORT] Cops arrest golf course shooter [LATEST]   It comes amid an ongoing legal battle with the Home Office over not providing full police protection for the Duke and his family when they visit Britain. The Duke's barrister has said his client "does not feel safe" when in the UK. Harry lost his taxpayer-funded security when he and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, stepped back from royal duties. Harry's revelation comes amid a slew of claims leaked from his 416 page autobiography. This includes claims William physically attacked him. William reportedly described Meghan as "difficult" and "rude", according to Harry's ghost-written work.   King Charles also pleaded with William and Harry to stop fighting at Windsor after the Duke of Edinburgh's funeral. Harry also claims William and Kate encouraged him to wear Nazi uniform to a party. The Duke sparked outrage in 2005 when he wore the uniform, complete with swastika armband, to a fancy dress party. According to US website Page Six, Harry claims he phoned William and Kate to ask them whether he should choose a pilot's uniform or a Nazi one and his brother and sister-in-law said the latter. They reportedly howled with laughter when he went home and tried it on for them.   The Duke of Sussex also claims Meghan upset Kate, who had recently given birth, by telling her she must have "baby brain" during a phone call in the run up to the Sussexes' wedding in 2018, according to the Sun. Harry alleges Meghan apologised but William "pointed a finger" at her, saying: "Well, it's rude, Meghan. These things are not done here," to which she responded: "If you don't mind, keep your finger out of my face." In the book, Harry also writes of the day he learned of his mother's death. He says Charles sat on the end of his bed at Balmoral Castle and said his mum had been in a car accident. The Duke says his father did not hug him and that he felt like a politician when greeting members of the public in the wake of Diana's death.  Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10.