Vladimir Putin could launch nuclear weapons in a bid to "take as many people as possible with him" as a result of his fading health, according to a Russian telegram group called General SVR who claim to have spoken to Kremlin insiders. The Russian despot is reportedly isolated and "withdrawn" as he suffers the side effects of drug treatment for a serious illness.  The telegram group claimed the leader is struggling with "weakness, dizziness and lack of appetite" which has caused the leader’s behaviour to deteriorate. Described as having a "disturbed psyche", Putin’s decision to invade neighbouring Ukraine was blamed on his health. But this is view is widely disputed by foreign policy experts, who contend Putin is a rational leader who makes calculated decisions for the sake of achieving national goals. In this light, many believe Putin’s invasion was ill-judged. Renowned International Relations expert John Mearsheimer suggested Putin’s plan has always been to "wreck" its neighbour so it fails to mount a credible threat against Russia.   But some sources claimed Putin had nothing to lose but to unleash an irrational assault on the West. General SVR said: "The war exists in the head of one terminally ill man with a disturbed psyche who is trying to take as many people as possible with him to a mythical 'paradise'." The Sun reported Putin is suffering from pancreatic cancer and early-stage Parkinson’s disease. Neither claim is verified, however. Kyrylo Budanov, head of Ukraine’s military intelligence said in an interview with ABC News this month Putin will "die very soon" from cancer.     He claimed he knew several sources near to the Kremlin boss who confirmed the leader had cancer. Mr Budanov said: "Of course. He has been ill for a long, very long period. I think he will die very fast. I hope. I am sure he has cancer." The recent reports differ from speculation about Putin's health last May. At the time, he told Ukrainska Pravda: "He [Putin] has several severe diseases, including cancer. But we shouldn't hope that Putin will die tomorrow. He has at least several years ahead whether we like it or not."     Since the start of the war, Russia has put forward threats to the West, including Britain. Last month, Kremlin propagandist Vladimir Solovyov threatened to destroy Britain in "one nuclear strike". The Putin ally said the country should strike so "there is no Great Britain" in a bid to restrict Ukraine from British support. They also upped the ante by sending a warship carrying Zircon hypersonic missiles – which are nuclear capable – to the British Isles via the Norwegian sea.    The warship, named Admiral Gorshkov, was sent on a six day mission in which it performed military war games to scare the west. Putin's government is said to be struggling with internal divisions. Putin recently demoted military chief General Surgey Surovikin and replaced him with General Valery Gerasimov. Experts have warned the change could have been triggered after the West has made moves to send heavy weapons, including tanks to Ukraine. 