A huge brawl outside a Wetherspoons pub in Liverpool has led to the arrest of three men. Fighting broke out among several people on Saturday afternoon, as Liverpool hosted Chelsea in a football match. Police oficers were called to attend an incident at the Thomas Frost pub on Walton Road just after 3pm.  The violent scenes were captured on video and later shared on social media channels. Images show a large group of men punching one another, as well as throwing bottles and glasses. As the carnage unfolds, a woman can be heard screaming at the hooligans to "get out, get out". In one particular disturbing scene, a man is kicked while lying prone on the ground.  Horrified motorists drive slowly by as the attack unfolds, trying to avoid getting caught up in the mayhem. The pavement outside the pub is littered with empty beer bottles, cans and plastic cups. Miraculously, no injuries were reported as a result of the brawl. Merseyside Police later confirmed that three men aged 22, 33 and 55 had been arrested in connection with the incident. READ MORE: Child sex offender has sentence increased after second victim speaks  In a statement, they said: "Three men have been arrested following a disturbance in Walton this afternoon, Saturday 21 January. "Just after 3pm, officers were called to an altercation at the Thomas Frost pub on County Road. No injuries were reported. "Three men, aged 22, 33 and 55, were arrested on suspicion of being drunk and disorderly in a public place." DON'T MISS Inquest verdict for boy stabbed to death quashed in victory for family [NEWS]Mum and children living in fear over racist death threat graffiti [NEWS]Boy storms out dock as he's found guilty of murdering man [SPOTLIGHT] Liverpool were playing Chelsea in a Premiership game, as the two teams looked to boost their chances of qualifying for next season's Champion's League. Currently both teams have been struggling for form and and are a long way off the top four. They played out a drab 0-0 draw at Anfield, much to the frustration of the home support.