Tottenham’s new signing Arnaut Danjuma joined Antonio Conte's side after going back on his decision to move to Everton, having participated in the relevant media requirements of a new Toffees signing before opting to leave Merseyside and sign for the north London club. The Netherlands winger reportedly was happy to join Everton when Frank Lampard was in charge, as the former boss played a big role in convincing the 25-year-old to move to Goodison Park before he was sacked. Having done his media responsibilities following a loan agreement with Villarreal, some of his comments have since emerged and now look awkward, having made a U-turn and deciding to move to Spurs. “I will do absolutely everything I can to keep Everton in this league,” Danjuma reportedly told Sky Sports, as they were relayed information that claimed he wanted to keep Everton in the Premier League. However, he will not be able to aid Everton in their bid to avoid the drop as part of their squad, having joined Spurs on loan with the option to buy. The Dutch forward could not hide his delight at returning to England, despite thinking it was going to be with a club at the other end of the league table. “I’m delighted to be here,” Danjuma said in his first Tottenham interview. “Obviously, this opportunity is very important to me. I’m just really happy to be here. “To be honest with you, as soon as Tottenham Hotspur came through, it was a no-brainer. It is a massive club with a brilliant coach, brilliant staff and the facilities are obviously unbelievable. So, for me, I’m very, very excited to be part of the team. “I hope to be positive, hope to leave a good impact, hope to be able to prove my qualities as a player, hope to give something new and something enthusiastic for the fans. And obviously, aim for the highest possible in every competition we are competing in.” DON'T MISSNewcastle 'put Saint-Maximin up for sale' as swap proposal comes to lightMan Utd chiefs think Erik ten Hag has signed his very own Jack GrealishArsenal boss Arteta explains plan for third signing after Trossard and Kiwior Danjuma was previously in the league at Bournemouth but left to join Villarreal after an outstanding year in the Championship. “I’m very excited [to be back],” Danjuma added. “It is no debate that the Premier League is the best league in the world hence why, for me, I’m very excited to be here, especially at such a great club,” he smiled. “It just gives me the opportunity to perform on a high platform and do what I love the most. “If I look back on my career already, I think there are quite some few times where I didn’t really need to adapt to the culture of the club, especially (as) coming to England for me is like coming home. I speak the language, I’m very used to the culture, I’m familiar with the people so I’m hoping I don’t need too much to adapt. And I’ll do my best to make sure I integrate into the team as quickly as possible.”