Erik ten Hag has sent a clear message to Manchester United owners, the Glazer family, about Marcus Rashford's future at Old Trafford. Rashford is enjoying the form of his career but is approaching the final 12 months of his contract and has yet to agree on terms of an extension. The 25-year-old forward's sensational solo goal in Wednesday's Carabao Cup semi-final first leg at Nottingham Forest was his 10th in as many games since the World Cup. He has scored in every outing, bar one, since club football resumed, flourishing as a central figure in Ten Hag's rebuild. But the Dutchman may fear losing Rashford as early as in the summer, with the clock ticking on his current United deal. In December, the Daily Star claimed the Red Devils feared they would be forced to cash in on Rashford at the end of the season. They were understood to be ready to listen to offers worth around £80million if he didn't provide encouragement about signing a new contract. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Since that report, Rashford has produced goalscoring form bettered by no player across Europe, making his contract situation all the more intriguing. United have triggered a 12-month extension clause to ensure his expiry is 2024, not 2023. But the summer could be the final chance to receive near his worth rather than continue an unwelcome trend of offloading players for a small chunk of their value. Ahead of the trip to Forest, Ten Hag addressed concerns regarding Rashford's contract in what seemed like just as much an indirect plea to the Glazers to cough up the right financial terms than the player. DON'T MISS: Leeds 'submit offer' for Juventus ace Weston McKennie  He told reporters: "In this team, he can bring in his qualities. This team can help him be in the right positions to score goals. "This team is constructed so that his qualities come in front, so I think he knows that he is important for us, and if we want to get the success we want, we need him." Ten Hag also wants to tie Diogo Dalot, Luke Shaw, and Fred down to new deals after United triggered their 12-month extensions. But Rashford's unstoppable exploits have shoved his future front and centre of United's upcoming business, making a new contract just as important as any new signing. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here