Arsenal have reportedly been told they must pay Martin Zubimendi's release clause in order to prise him away from Real Sociedad this January. The highly-rated 23-year-old technician is also attracting interest from Barcelona as the Gunners seek to understand exactly how much it would cost to land the Spaniard, who has been one of La Liga's latest success stories. Zubimendi only signed a two-year contract extension with Sociedad in October which has strengthened their hand over a potential sale as Arsenal continue to circle and monitor his performances. According to The Times, Sociedad have now relayed to the Premier League leaders that they can forget about a deal unless they meet Zubimendi's £53million release clause. The quick-witted maestro has brought new-found levels of control to Sociedad's engine room this term as the Basque club continue to make strides in La Liga with an attractive brand of football. Prior to the 1-0 Copa del Rey defeat at Barcelona on Wednesday, Imanol Alguacil's side had not lost since the 1-0 Europa League defeat to Manchester United back in early November. READ MORE: Arsenal can leave Chelsea behind with second crack at Ajax transfer negotiations Zubimendi has been integral to Sociedad's eye-catching season and they are currently on course for Champions League qualification as they sit 3rd in the table. But he may now be out of Arsenal's price range this month as the Gunners target some cover and competition for Granit Xhaka and Thomas Partey. Speaking ahead of the FA Cup fourth-round clash at Manchester City, Arteta confirmed his desire to land another midfielder to complete Arsenal's January transfer business. “We need some more cover in midfield ideally if we can,” Arteta declared. READ MOREFour midfield transfer bargains Arsenal should be all over after Mo Elneny injury concernArsenal's new transfer priority becomes clear after nail-biting Man Utd victoryArsenal have Gabriel Jesus problem after Man Utd win as Mikel Arteta ignores Prem meeting “In this market it’s pretty complicated to do that. The most important thing is that we get the performances and the time on the pitch that we need with the players we have available today that are already really good.” Moises Caicedo is another player believed to be of interest but Brighton are set to block his departure this month after rejecting a £55m bid from Chelsea. Arsenal are now lingering but there is a sense it would take a monstrous fee in order to soften Brighton's stance on a sale. Prior to the Seagulls' 2-2 draw at Leicester, Brighton boss Roberto De Zerbi made it clear he would be willing to sell Caicedo but only at the end of the campaign. "Caicedo is very important for us. I hope he finishes the season with us, but it's always difficult to be certain," De Zerbi said when quizzed on the Ecuador international's future. "The best solution is that he finishes the season with us and for him, in the summer, it's better than if he changes teams." Arsenal are set to launch an ambitious summer swoop for Declan Rice and the England international is open to joining the Gunners where he would team up with international team-mates Bukayo Saka, Ben White and Aaron Ramsdale. West Ham are expected to consider offers for Rice this summer when he will be set to enter the final 12 months of his current deal in east London.