Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has admitted that he has "no news" on Cody Gakpo and when the forward will begin training with the club. Liverpool's newest signing was announced last week with some faint hope that all the paperwork would be finalised in time for him to be involved in some capacity against Brentford.  But Gakpo wasn't spotted on the team bus heading into the Gtech Community Stadium, suggesting the paperwork wasn't done in time for him to be included. The £45million signing will now have to wait until this weekend against Wolves to potentially make his debut. However, Klopp has admitted that he's not been told yet when the Dutchman can join up with his new team-mates. "I have no news [on Cody Gakpo]," Klopp said. "We hope he gets permission tomorrow to train fully with us, that would be great but that's all I know."  Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson was also absent from the matchday squad, being replaced by Fabinho in the starting line-up. And Klopp has confirmed Henderson's absence was down to him suffering from a concussion. "Jordan has a concussion, it's normal procedure. It's not massive but we always follow the protocols," he said. "The next day we did a test and it was not 100% so we follow the protocol. He will be ready for the next game again but not for this."  Brentford have an impressive record against the top six this season including the home victory over Manchester City back in November. They're unbeaten since the season resumed after the World Cup and Klopp knows they're in for a difficult test. "We have talked about it. We need to make sure we all know exactly what we wanted and what we did. But it's always the same when you have another night to sleep on it you realise Leicester actually did really well," Klopp said. "It's the Premier League, yes we took it as a positive that we came through, but today it will be a tough test again with all the intensity that Brentford put in, so let's see. "We have to be really prepared arriving here after playing every three days and you cannot do the preparation anywhere close to what they can do. But I respect Brentford because they use the time off really well. Thomas Frank said it himself, against the top six they do not care about possession so it will be a very direct style."  