Car buying company, Goodbye Car, has analysed search data to reveal that on average every month, 57,562 Brits Google "when is my MOT due?". In order to help motorists avoid unnecessary fines, the car experts have now answered eight of the most Googled MOT questions. To find out if the MOT is due on a car, drivers can use the Gov.uk MOT Status Checker where they can enter their vehicle’s registration plate number. If the car is new, drivers will need to get an MOT test done before the third anniversary of its registration. On average, an MOT test in the UK takes between 45 and 60 minutes from start to finish. However, this can be longer if a car fails the test or there are complications that need to be looked into further. READ MORE: Elderly driver fined £100 for letting an 'ambulance pass' Drivers might find that test centres keep cars for the day, even though the test itself shouldn’t take more than an hour. The cost of an MOT will depend on the test centre drivers have chosen and the type of car or motorcycle that they have. There are maximum fees that MOT test stations can charge, which are £54.85 for a car and £39.65 for a standard motorcycle. The price can rise to a maximum of £124.50 if you have a Class 5 vehicle with more than 16 passenger seats. DON'T MISS Growing dissent from car manufacturers could derail EV plans [INSIGHT] ‘Quickest and easiest’ ways to defrost car doors in the morning [REVEAL] Engine oil mistake may lead to 'staggering' petrol and diesel costs [WARNING] To check if a car currently has a valid MOT, drivers can use an online MOT status checker on either the Gov.uk website or sites like cartaxcheck.co.uk. MOT stands for Ministry of Transport, the company responsible for creating the test in the first place, to determine whether or not a car is safe to be legally out on the roads. The actual Ministry of Transport doesn’t exist anymore in the present day, as it’s evolved into what we know now as the Department of Transport. READ MORE: Electric car drivers demand more home charging options An MOT is a test that vehicles in the UK have to undergo annually to make sure that they’re legally roadworthy. The testers in the garage will look at various parts of a car to make sure all is in order. It’s not just for safety though, as they also test whether the vehicle meets environmental and exhaust emissions standards. The following parts of your car will be checked during an MOT:  Motorists should never drive their car without an MOT certificate in the UK as it is both illegal and unsafe to do. By driving without an MOT, drivers are invalidating their insurance and they could be stopped by the police. Motorists are only allowed to drive directly to the MOT test garage if it has expired and nowhere else. If they are caught driving without an MOT they could be fined up to £1,000 and their vehicle can be impounded.