Andy Murray secured a thrilling victory at the Australian Open over Matteo Berrettini to book his place in the second round and the Scot's statement performance in Melbourne prompted his brother Jamie to react with an expletive-filled response. The 35-year-old overcame the No 13 seed after nearly five hours of play, eventually prevailing 6-3, 6-3, 4-6, 6-7, 7-6 to finally see off Berrettini at the Rod Laver Arena. Murray was watched by his mother Judy in the crowd, and his brother Jamie - who plays predominantly on the doubles tour - clearly did not miss the chance to catch a glimpse of his enthralling victory Down Under. Jamie, 36, is a consistently passionate supporter of his younger sibling's exploits in the singles game and his memorable victory on Tuesday was no different. After witnessing Murray come through in five sets, he tweeted: "Andy F****** Murray" from his official Twitter account with a red heart to show his affection. It was Murray's best Grand Slam win with a metal hip in his first-ever fifth-set tiebreak after an absorbing contest against Berrettini, where he turned back the clock to send the 2021 Wimbledon finalist crashing out of the tournament at the first hurdle. Australian Open LIVE - Murray wins, Djokovic waits as play suspended   The Briton went two sets up under the roof as temperatures soared outside the arena. And the former world No.1 had two break points to go a break up in the third set before going within two points from victory in the fourth-set tiebreak. However, Berrettini made him wait after fighting back from two sets down. But it was Murray who would prevail after dominating the tiebreak to take a 6-1 lead. Some nerves and signs of wear and tear showed in the 10-point tiebreaker before he sealed victory with some help from the net. It is Murray’s first win over a top 20 player at a Grand Slam was against world No.9 Kei Nishikori at the 2017 French Open before he suffered his hip injury and underwent two surgeries. He has faced calls to retire after understandably struggling to reach the heights of his career which saw him win three Grand Slams. LATEST TENNIS NEWSMurray gives frank take on Netflix Break Point seriesMurray waiting for 'last drop' as ex-coach makes retirement claimMurray's 2023 starts with disappointment as Brit loses to Korda  But the five-time Australian Open finalist, who also gained revenge for his third round defeat to Berrettini at the US Open, showed there is some reward to not giving up after years of tireless effort on the court to regain fitness. Murray, ranked 49th in the world after gradually climbing his way back up the ATP rankings, will now face the winner of the match between Thanasi Kokkinakis and the Italian veteran Fabio Fognini in the next round. He is seeking to get beyond the third round of a Grand Slam for the first time since Wimbledon in 2017. After the match, Murray said: “I will be feeling this this evening and tomorrow. But right now I am just unbelievably happy and proud of myself. "I have put in a lot of work into the last few months with my team who are here to give me the opportunity to come out and compete in arenas like this and against opponents like Matteo and it paid off tonight. I was a bit lucky at the end with the net cord. He played extremely well in the last three sets.” 