Pippa Middleton, 38, became engaged in July 2016 in the Lake District to James Matthews, a hedge fund manager who was a former professional racing driver. The couple married on May 20, 2017 at St Mark's Church near Bucklebury Manor, the Middleton family home. What does her engagement ring look like?  There are countless traditions upheld by members of the Royal Family, but many of the younger generations have brought their own unique style to the fore. This includes wearing diamonds in the daytime, forgoing the late Queen’s nude nail varnish rule, and even going hatless at royal engagements. Some engagement rings have even strayed from royal tradition in recent years. What does Kate Middleton's younger sister Pippa's engagement ring look like? READ MORE: Fergie weight loss: How Duchess of York 'lost close to 50 pounds' Lorna Haddon, the head of diamonds and jewellery at Beaverbrooks, spoke to Express.co.uk to explain. She said: “Pippa’s ring is vintage-inspired with a stunning Asscher cut diamond at its centre." According to Ms Haddon, this was a "traditional choice" that did not break royal protocol. She explained: "This was a traditional choice which is complemented beautifully by a halo of round brilliant cut diamonds." Pippa's ring was "breathtaking" for a key reason, the expert explained. Ms Haddon continued: “The platinum band is the perfect setting for showing off the breathtaking diamonds at their brilliant best." How much is Pippa Middleton's ring worth? Ms Haddon predicted: “Pippa’s ring is estimated to be worth between £200,000 and £250,000." READ MORE: Meghan Markle is not 'deliberately copying' Princess Diana - claim James Matthews' father is Laird of Glen Affric, a 10,000-acre estate in Scotland that he will inherit. Consequently, Pippa will one day become Lady Glen Affric. Presently, she can use the courtesy title Mrs Matthews of Glen Affric the Younger. Their eldest child, a son named Arthur Michael William, was born in October 2018 at St Mary's Hospital in London. Their next child, a daughter called Grace Elizabeth Jane was born in March 2021. Just recently in June 2022, Pippa and James' second daughter, Rose, was born. Pippa was spotted during the late Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations heavily pregnant at the time. The family formerly lived in Chelsea in west London, however the couple moved back to Reading last year where they are raising their three children near the Prince and Princess of Wales at Adelaide Cottage. 