Hollywood star Alec Baldwin will resume filming for the lead role in upcoming film, Rust, despite facing double involuntary manslaughter charges after shooting dead the cinematographer on set. The A-lister accidentally shot a loaded weapon at Halyna Hutchins on October 21, 2021. Melina Spadone, attorney for Rust Movie Productions, LLC, told Fox News Digital that the film is "on track to be completed with Mr Baldwin in the lead role and Joel Souza as director". Baldwin accidentally killed Ms Hutchin after firing a prop gun, which was loaded with a real bullet, in her direction during the filming of the project in New Mexico in October 2021. The bullet struck director Joel Souza in the shoulder before fatally striking the cinematographer mum-of-one in the chest. But it is believed that the 64-year-old actor will still take on the starring role as Harland Rust when production resumes later this month. READ MORE: Alec Baldwin 'not be charged' with shooting of director Joel Souza   The movie will now include "on-set safety supervisors and union crew members, and will bar any use of working weapons or any ammunition", Spadone said. Two other people are also facing charges over the accidental shooting including assistant director David Halls and film's armourer Hannah Gutierrez Reed, New Mexico prosecutors announced last week. Halls, who handed Baldwin the loaded gun, has agreed to plead guilty to negligent use of a deadly weapon, while Reed, like Baldwin, has also been charged with involuntary manslaughter. Meanwhile, armourer Hannah Gutierrez-Reed, who is in charge of weapons on film sets, is facing the same charges as Baldwin and denies responsibility. DON'T MISSAuthorities 'allowed' to Epstein to die, says Ghislaine Maxwell [LATEST]Kamala Harris says 'senseless gun violence has to end' [INSIGHT]Harry's local bookshop has only sold 30 copies of Spare [REPORT] Baldwin's lawyers responded to the decision to charge with a statement, saying: "This decision distorts Halyna Hutchins’ tragic death and represents a terrible miscarriage of justice." The actor's lawyer Luke Nikas told the New York Post that Baldwin was "blindsided" by the charges, which he learned about through the media. He said: "Mr Baldwin had no reason to believe there was a live bullet in the gun — or anywhere on the movie set.  “He relied on the professionals with whom he worked, who assured him the gun did not have live rounds We will fight these charges, and we will win." Ms Hutchin's grieving family have, however, welcomes the charges, saying: "No one is above the law". Speaking on behalf of Halyna Hutchins' family, attorney Brian Panish said: "We want to thank the Santa Fe Sheriff and the District Attorney for concluding their thorough investigation and determining that charges of involuntary manslaughter are warranted for the killing of Halyna Hutchins with conscious disregard for human life. "Our independent investigation also supports charges are warranted. It is a comfort to the family that, in New Mexico, no one is above the law. We support the charges, will fully cooperate with this prosecution, and fervently hope the justice system works to protect the public and hold accountable those who break the law." If found guilty, Mr Baldwin could spend up to 18 months in prison and a $5,000 (£4,040) fine.