The 23-year-old was keen to make an impression in his first appearance since his £9million loan move from Atletico Madrid. But he was dangerous and over-zealous in tackling Kenny Tete in the second half. Felix caught the Dutch right back at knee-height and immediately knew that referee David Coote’s card would be red. Potter has dubbed the challenge a ‘striker’s tackle’. Chelsea had clawed the score back to 1-1 prior to going down to 10 men. However, former Tottenham loanee Carlos Vinicius scored 15 minutes from the end to continue the Blues’ woeful run under Potter. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Graham Potter faces awkward 48 hours after Fulham loss “We responded well but the red card changes the game. We could do better than we did on their goal and that’s what cost us. Really disappointed to lose,” Potter said after the game. “There’s a reaction from the side and it’s a forwards tackle, shall we say, and there was too much malice in it. I understand why he’s sent off. It’s another blow. The hits just keep coming at the moment. That’s how it is. He was really good and you could see his quality in the game so it’s doubly disappointing for us. “It’s tough. I feel for the supporters and the players and everyone at the club. We have to just keep going. We have to keep working. There’s no other solution, move to the next match and try to get three points.” Chelsea have now won just one of their last nine Premier League games. The west Londoners were poor against Fulham, with the red-carded Felix the only bright spark before his sending-off. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'line up Moises Caicedo bid' as Blues make star priorityChelsea boss Graham Potter's three reasons for giving Felix his debutChelsea owner Boehly 'looking to steal Real Madrid star Rafa Marin' Potter added: “It's really frustrating and challenging. I feel for the supporters. We're disappointed to lose tonight. I thought it was an even game in the first half and we had a couple of chances. I think the basics we could do better in terms of our defending and football actions. “We get back in the game and then the red card...it's where we're at at the moment in terms of things that can happen to us. Joao was having a fantastic impact on the game, to lose him and to lose him for three matches was really disappointing.” Chelsea face another London derby on Saturday when they host Crystal Palace at Stamford Bridge. But they will be without star striker Felix for three matches as he begins his suspension for Thursday night's dismissal.