DCI Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) made a return on Sunday as she and her sidekick Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) solved the mysterious murder of a GP. Dr Lucy Yo's body was found in the back of a burned-out car, but it didn't take Vera and the team long to pinpoint her suspects. Brenda has played DCI Stanhope since 2011 and the detective is well known for her iconic outfit. Vera is often seen wearing her staple hat and mack, as she drives around in her dad's Land Rover with Aiden. However, speaking in a recent interview, Brenda discussed how the weather can cause a problem with her hat. “It was so cold during filming for The Darkest Evening," Brenda recalled. READ MORE: BBC host issues apology to Naga Munchetty over awkward joke "I spent a couple of weeks drenched from head to foot. I just hoped I would have shrunk but I didn’t. "Some of the rain was artificial and then we had real rain when we didn’t want it. "We also had wind machines and all the rest of it, and we had to use pins to keep Vera’s hat on. "Every ploy was used. I think a tube of glue would have come out if all else failed." "The whole series would come to an end if I lost that hat," the DCI Stanhope star joked. While Brenda has no plans on hanging up her mack and hat just yet, at the end of each series, she admitted she often thinks about calling it a day. Although, the actress said she quickly changes her mind when she thinks about her co-stars. “So when we finish filming, as we just have, I always say, ‘I really don’t think I can do this anymore'," the 76-year-old explained. DON'T MISS...GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan [REACTION]Naga Munchetty pleads 'move on' as she shuts down BBC co-star  [VIDEO]Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz [INSIGHT] "But then I have a rest and get my appetite back again and change my mind. "I suddenly might get a bright idea about what to do with Vera and suggest who might be cast in it. “The emotional feeling also comes in - thinking of all the other people who are still there who want to do more. "And Ann Cleeves is currently writing her 11th Vera novel. So that hasn’t been dealt with on-screen yet and you feel like you’d be letting her down." Brenda added: "All of that goes on. Never say never. Things happen, and circumstances change. Enthusiasm and opinions change. So watch this space." Vera will return on Sunday with its final instalment of series 11. The following week, viewers will be treated to the first episode of series 12. Vera returns on Sunday at 8pm on ITV.