The Buffalo Bills have released as a statement along with Damar Hamlin's teammate sharing some positive news after the Buffalo Bills safety suffered a cardiac arrest in Monday night's NFL fixture. The scary incident saw Hamlin collapse on the field after a hit and needed medical attention for over 30 minutes before he was taken to hospital, after it was revealed he was in a 'critical condition'. On Thursday, Bills rookie Kaiir Elam stated that Hamlin has now awoken with his condition improving. Elam tweeted: "Our boy is doing better, awake and showing more signs of improvement. Thank you God. Keep the prayers coming please. All love 3!". Since Elam's tweet, the Bills have also shared a statement, stating that he has shown 'remarkable improvements'. The statement reads: "Per the phyisicans caring for Damar Hamlin at the University of Cincinnati Medical Center, Damar has shown remarkable improvement over the past 24 hours. While still critically ill, he has demonstatrated that he appears to be neurologically intact. His lungs continue to heal and he is making steady progress. We are grateful for the love and support we have received." It's an extremely positive update after what the world witnessed in Monday's nights game, which was suspended afer Hamlin suffered a cardiac arrest after a hit in the first quarter in the game. After Hamlin was transported to hospital, the two teams agreed that they could not carry on with the game, suspending the fixture between the Cincinnati Bengals and Bills, with no plans to rearrange the game at current state. The NFL world has rallied behind Hamlin, his family and the Bills, with every team changing their logo on their social media platforms to an image of Hamlin's jersey number, 3, with the text 'Pray for Damar'. A number of teams, players and organisations have also donated to Hamlin's GoFundMe page, which aims to raise money for toys for disadvantaged children. After being given CPR, with it being confirmed that he was resusitated on the field, it was later announced by his uncle that he had to be resusitated again in the hospital. Positive updates have been shared over the last 24 hours, with the most recent being the best news yet, with the 24-year-old awake, but remaining in a critical condition.