Kate is said to be "upset" following revelations made in Prince Harry's memoir Spare which hit the shelves this morning. Harry's memoir, Spare, was released today as people queued to pick up a copy of the book which has sparked backlash across the globe. Harry defended the book in an interview, where he claimed "nothing" he has done has been to "harm" or "hurt" any of his family - despite a number of claims being made against his brother Prince William. Speaking with Pandora Forsyth on the Express's Royal Round Up, Richard Palmer said Kate was "upset behind the scenes" as her relationship with Meghan Markle was spoken about in the book. The royal correspondent added: "Kensington Palace has been running a pretty tight ship during this. Just before Kate was in Boston, I was being told that William would speak out if he thought it necessary but I think there's been a collective decision now that the Sussexes are looking for a reaction and no one wants to give them one. "I think William is damaged by it. It's not entirely a secret that Prince William has a short temper at times. One of the pivotal moments for me was seeing them in Malaysia when a French magazine had published topless pictures of Kate. "William was in a foul mood and lashing out whereas she was far more resilient and getting on with it. I think she's more steely than him despite the fact she doesn't come out of it [the book] particularly well at times." Harry claimed his brother Prince William and Kate never got on with his wife Meghan Markle. Asked whether it was true to say the couple had not hit it off with the former Suits actress, he added: "Yeah, fair." Asked what the reason was, he added: "Lots of different reasons ... I had put a lot of hope in the idea that it'd be William and Kate and me and whoever. I thought the four of us would bring me and William closer together, we could go out and do work together, which I did a lot as the third wheel to them, which was fun at times but also, I guess, slightly awkward at times as well. "I don't think they were ever expecting me to get ... into a relationship with someone like Meghan who had a very successful career." READ MORE: Prince Harry spotted leaving The Late Show after downing tequila Harry made the comments in an interview with Tom Bradby over the course of a 60-minute grilling where he claimed his brother had not always been the biggest fan of his choice of wife. He continued: "The idea of the four of us being together was always a hope for me. Before it was Meghan, whoever it was going to be, I always hoped that the four of us would get on. But very quickly it became Meghan versus Kate. "And that, when it plays out so publicly, you can't hide from that, right? "Especially when within my family you have the newspapers laid out pretty much in every single palace and house that is around." DON'T MISS:Harry revealed Taliban kills 'for own healing' in new interview [INSIGHT]William and Charles had 'earth-shattering rows' after Camilla marriage [COMMENT]Prince Harry seen 'lapping up attention' after Stephen Colbert show [PICTURES]  Harry further admitted William had "raised some concerns" about his marriage to Meghan before their wedding in May 2018. He said: "He never tried to dissuade me from marrying Meghan, but he aired some concerns very early, and said 'this is going to be really hard for you' and I still to this day don't truly understand which part of what he was talking about. "Maybe he predicted what the British press's reaction was going to be." He added: "The fact that I had that in the back of my mind, and some of the things that my brother and sister-in-law, some of the way that they were acting or behaving definitely felt to me as though unfortunately that stereotyping was causing a bit of a barrier to them really sort of introducing or welcoming her in." 