Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher has called out his fellow Sky Sports pundit Gary Neville for a potential boxing match and made an X-rated prediction as to how the fight would go. Boxing has recently seen several celebrities make the switch to the sport, as Paul brothers Jake and Logan have both joined the ring alongside fellow YouTuber KSI, who recently defeated FaZe Temperrr. Carragher and Neville could be the latest to hop in and settle their differences through boxing and make a change from their verbal sparring on Sky Sports. The pair have often had heated discussions regarding football, but it has never turned physical. When asked by Boxxer which current or former footballer Carragher would most like to fight as he was promoting Chris Eubank Jr’s upcoming bout with Liam Smith, Carragher called out Neville. “It would have to be Gary Neville,” Carragher replied. “And I’d knock the f*** out of him!” The replies to the TikTok clip indicated that fans would love for the fight to be made. @yhyh97 said: “Imagine seeing a Carragher vs Neville press conference and face-off.” Several fans, meanwhile, suggested a possible card for more pundits to join the duo, who regularly enjoy a back-and-forth. “[Graeme] Souness vs [Paul] Pogba, [Roy] Keane vs [Patrick] Vieira, Carra vs Neville,” @charlieclarke1892 said. The topic of Carragher and Neville fighting in a ring has come up previously, as the two discussed the prospect alongside Smith for Sky Sports. The Manchester United icon was confident and claimed he could “do them both” in a fight, but boxer Smith was not as sure. Carragher discussed his credentials for a possible fight. “I’ve done a charity spar. I’ve sparred Callum [Smith],” Carragher said. “I had the toughest one. All four brothers took on people from the gym for charity. I threw that many punches just trying to survive. It was great.”  At the time of writing, Neville has yet to respond to Carragher’s challenge and prediction that the former Liverpool man would knock him out. The two have already exchanged heated words in 2023, as just a few days into the new year they argued over whether Liverpool needed a change of ownership following their 3-1 defeat to Brentford. After the game, Neville suggested the potential new ownership group is going to be key for Liverpool going forward. "The two biggest things for Liverpool are keeping Jurgen Klopp and getting new owners," Neville claimed. "The right new owners.” Carragher dismissed the idea and hit back at Neville as the two were enraged live on air. “Liverpool have had owners who have won absolutely everything, been clever in the transfer market, not just blowing money like your club, that’s absolute nonsense,” he added.