Prince Harry has been warned his "direct strike" and scathing attacks against Camilla, Queen Consort have "sealed his fate as a complete outsider from the Royal Family". The Duke of Sussex's bombshell book, Spare, finally went on sale around the world on Tuesday, while the prince has appeared in a host of television interviews in an effort to promote it. But the hotly-anticipated memoir and these interviews have seen Harry launch bitter attacks against the Queen Consort - the wife of his father King Charles III since 2005. Nile Gardiner, a Washington-based foreign policy expert and royal enthusiast, has been left shocked by the "direct strike" towards Camilla. He warned these attacks will seal the Duke's fate as an "outsider" from the Royal Family while all but destroying the relationship between Harry, King Charles and the Queen Consort. Mr Gardiner told Express.co.uk: "I was really taken aback by the level of vitriol put on paper towards Camilla. "Clearly, there is a deep-seated resentment that he has towards Camilla but this is the first time he has publicly and directly attacked her. "Harry's language will be immensely hurtful to King Charles but more than anything, his attacks against Camilla will seal his fate as a complete outsider from the Royal Family. "For me, that was the most striking aspect in a whole wave of attacks. The direct strike on Camilla was unexpected and has irreparably damaged the relationship between Harry, Camilla and his own father." The royal enthusiast believes Harry's book will have a "devastating impact" on the relationship the prince has with King Charles to the point where the monarch will feel like "he has lost a son". Mr Gardiner continued: "The King will have been personally hurt by the especially nasty language used in the memoir. READ MORE: Harry's TK Maxx claim dismantled as major UK retailer speaks out "There will be a lot of long-term damage in terms of the relationship between them and there is no way of repairing it. "I do think King Charles will feel like he has lost a son here These are bitter and vengeful words in the memoir and Harry has adopted a scorched Earth policy where he has burnt every last bridge with his own family." In his book, Harry claims he and Prince William "begged" their father not to marry the now-Queen Consort, with the Duke of Sussex alleging Camilla "sacrificed" him to improve her public image and leaked details of a conversation with his older brother. But during a bombshell interview with US show CBS's 60 Minutes, the prince launched into his fiercest criticism yet of his stepmother. DON'T MISSHarry played rank and file soldier, how they must hate him now [OPINION]Harry told 'don't hold breath' over Coronation as 'betrayal backfires' [COMMENT]Prince Harry claims Palace in campaign to undermine Megxit memoir [INTERVIEW] He told interviewer Anderson Cooper: "She was the villain, she was a third person in the marriage, she needed to rehabilitate her image." "The need for her to rehabilitate her image...that made her dangerous because of the connections that she was forging within the British press. "And there was open willingness on both sides to trade information and with a family built on hierarchy, and with her on the way to being Queen Consort, there was going to be people or bodies left in the street because of that." Commenting on the section of his memoir where he claimed he and William begged the King not to marry Camilla, and Harry told Cooper: "We didn't think it was necessary. We thought it would do more harm than good." During an interview with ABC's Good Morning America, Harry claimed the Queen Consort "sacrificed me on her personal PR altar". He attacked what he alleged were her attempts to "rehabilitate" her image after being cast as the "third person" in his parents' marriage. But the Duke of Sussex insisted he also sympathised with Camilla, saying in the interview she is not an "evil stepmother".