Ten people have been killed in a shooting during Lunar New Year celebrations in the US - and the gunman remains at large. At least 10 others have been injured in the attack at a ballroom dance club in Monterey Park, eight miles east of Los Angeles in California. Tracy Koerner, Deputy Sheriff at the LA County Sheriff's Department, confirmed to Express.co.uk the male shooter remains at large after fleeing the scene. He said: "Homicide detectives are on scene. They are doing a walkthrough now, gathering information, reviewing CCTV footage, interviewing witnesses. "It is a male shooter." Captain Andrew Meyer said people were “pouring out of the location screaming” when officers arrived at around 10.30pm on Saturday. He said 10 people have been killed while 10 others are being treated in hospital in conditions "anywhere from critical to stable".  Those within the dance studio at the time of the shooting crawled under tables to escape the bullets, according to an account on an online dance forum.   Video on social media showed the wounded being stretchered away as police equipped with machine guns lock down the area. The shooting occurred in Garvey Avenue at around 10pm local time (6am GMT) after thousands gathered for the start of the Chinese Lunar New Year two-day festival. Seung Won Choi, owner of a local seafood restaurant, told the LA Times three people sought cover in his business, telling him to lock the door. READ MORE: Concerns rise about gun crime as Cali cartel goes underground    They told him the shooter was using a machine gun. DanceMentor, a user on dance-forum.com, said a student they teach was inside the building when the shooting happened. The user wrote: "My student was there at the party and she crawled under the table. "This was an area where everyone was celebrating Chinese New Year. The dance studio is right at the heart of Monterey Park so there were certainly a lot of people in festivities going on."It's hard to imagine just how hard-hearted somebody can be to do something like that. And I worry so much for the studio and for all the people that are affected. My thoughts are with them."  Police are also investigating a possible link with a shooting two miles away in the neighbouring city of Alhambra. “We’re aware of an incident that occurred in Alhambra and we have investigators on scene trying to determine if there’s a connection between these two incidents,” Capt Meyer said.  Monterey Park, which has a population of around 60,000, is home to a large Asian community. In 2017, it was named the third safest place to live in America by the Money Magazine. It marked the fifth mass shooting in the US this month and the deadliest since 21 people were killed in a school in Uvalde, Texas, according to The Associated Press/USA Today database on mass killings in the US. The latest violence comes two months after five people were killed at a Colorado Springs nightclub.