A beloved mum who vanished more than two weeks ago after failing to pick up her eight year old son from the bus stop has been found buried in a shallow grave. Forty three-year-old Jennifer Brown's body was found wrapped in plastic buried in a makeshift grave by the side of the road 30 miles north of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She had been missing since January 3. Authorities have not announced any arrests or a cause of death. The mother of one was last seen at 2 pm January 3 by her friend and business partner Antonio “Blair” Watts-Richardson, who told NBC10 he took her son to his house for a sleepover that night. “I put Noah on the bus the next day,” he told the outlet. But Brown never showed up to pick Noah up at the stop. READ MORE: Car found as search for missing actor Julian Sands continues in 'dangerous conditions' Her keys, wallet and work cellphone were found in her car outside her home on Stratford Court, officials said. Brown's personal phone has not been found and has not been used since the morning of Jan. 4. Last week, Watts-Richardson told NBC10 that Brown had been preparing to open a restaurant and was stressed due to family and work matters. He said Wednesday that he has “nothing to do with anything” involving her disappearance and death. DON'T MISSAlec Baldwin vows to 'fight' manslaughter charge [LATEST]Biden on brink as shutdown threatens US with default [REPORT]Kohberger was likely motivated by sexual ‘arousal’ [INSIGHT] “Just because I’m the last person to see her, that does not mean anything,” he told the news outlet. “It seems like I’m being the one poked at. And it’s frustrating because I’m the first person that was the one calling the police, trying to kick down windows. Trying to find my friend. Trying to make sure her son is covered,” he said. Brown’s body was discovered near a warehouse in Royersford, a city in Pennsylvania that sits 32 miles northwest of Philadelphia. Authorities have not said what led them to the warehouse. READ MORE: Ana Walshe’s husband showed 'a lot of red flags’ as missing woman called police for help She was to be transported to the coroner’s office, where an autopsy will be performed. “I can’t tell you how many people have worked through this and helped,” Montgomery County DA Kevin Steele told reporters Wednesday after the gruesome discovery. “We hoped and prayed she would be safe, and she is not,” he added as he described Brown as a “devoted mother of an 8-year-old boy.” He said that “by all accounts, she would have never left him unattended and unsupervised". Brown’s best friend, Tiffany Barron, described the deceased woman as a “doting” mom to NBC10. “I call her Helicopter Mom. She loves her son. She would never leave her son,” she told the news outlet. Brown’s neighbour Billy Jo Salkowski spoke of his relief that this part of the investigation is over but is seeking justice for Brown's death. “I have been praying for her. My daughter’s family has been praying for her. I am very religious, and I hope to God she’ll be at peace,” Mr Salkowski told WPVI-TV.