Chelsea have bullied Arsenal into winning the race for Mykhaylo Mudryk, claims ex-Aston Villa captain Gabriel Agbonlahor. The Blues have beaten their London rivals to the signature of the Ukraine star. Arsenal were favourites to sign Mudryk for the first two weeks of the January window. Chelsea held an interest but appeared to focus on alternative targets, signing Joao Felix and making an offer for Noni Madueke. But as Arsenal continued to have offers rejected, Todd Boehly was lurking. And on Saturday, the Chelsea owner pounced and offered to pay the £88million Shakhtar Donetsk were demanding. Mudryk has flown to London and is undergoing his medical today ahead of completing a move to Stamford Bridge. His arrival will be a major boost to Chelsea, who are currently languishing in 10th place in the Premier League table. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Agbonlahor believes it will be equally as big a blow to Arsenal to miss out on their top target. And he says Chelsea have exercised their financial muscles to bully the league leaders out of a deal. Agbonlahor told talkSPORT: "With this transfer, Chelsea have bullied Arsenal, they have financially bullied them. They went over and spoke to his agent and probably told him, ‘We’ll give you [the agent] more, we’ll give the player more in wages and we’ll give the club more money up front’. "Arsenal were maybe going to give him £100,000 or £150,000-a-week, and it wouldn’t surprise me if Chelsea offered him £250,000 or £300,000-a-week! Chelsea can just turn up with an open wallet and say, ‘What do you want?’ "I think it’s a good signing, but it’s going to hurt Arsenal and it’s going to hurt Arsenal fans." Shakhtar announced on Saturday evening they had held talks with Chelsea over a deal for Mudryk and an agreement was close. DON'T MISSManchester United boss Ten Hag may have pulled off transfer masterstrokeMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in privateMan Utd have signed another Nani as chiefs come to transfer realisation  The Blues dropped clear hints on social media that a transfer was near to completion. They also released a statement on their official website confirming an agreement was close. The statement read: "Chelsea are discussing terms with Shakhtar Donetsk for the transfer of Mykhailo Mudryk. Should a deal be agreed between the two clubs then the Ukrainian international, who can operate as a winger or a forward, will discuss personal terms with the Blues ahead of a permanent transfer." Mudryk will reportedly be present at Chelsea's match at home to Crystal Palace on Sunday before flying back to Turkey to tie up loose ends with Shakhtar.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here