Washing machines can accumulate unpleasant smells which are often caused by a combination of mould, mildew and bacteria. When clothes are put in the machine, oils from our bodies, dirt, hair and scum can get trapped in the gasket, pipes, seal and detergent dispenser. However, if you want washing machines to work to the best of their ability to clean clothes it is essential that they are cleaned properly. Leftover laundry detergent, fabric softener and debris stuck in the machine can rub off on your clothes, leaving behind marks, stains and worst of all – bad smells. While the washing machine’s filter and drain hose do not require as much attention, the inside of the appliance should be cleaned on a regular basis. For those reasons, households should be aiming to clean their washing machine once a month if they want to keep their items in good condition. My washing machine hadn’t been cleaned for a while, so naturally the smell had been accumulating. READ MORE: Two ‘damaging’ items to avoid cleaning washing machines with To clean the appliance I put Fabulosa’s Washing Machine Cleaner to the test to see if it could remove the nasty odours. I began by measuring out 125ml of the liquid, as instructed on the back of the product, and poured it into the main wash compartment of the drawer. The main wash compartment is the slot that is used almost every time you wash clothes. It’s the section that detergent needs to go in when washing clothes, whether that be in powder or liquid form. Once the solution was poured in, I set the washing machine to the highest temperature cycle. DON'T MISS‘Tacky’ interior trends to avoid that make your home appear ‘cheap’ [EXPERT]5 ‘essential’ garden plants that need to be pruned in winter - and how [INSIGHT]‘Easy remedy’ to remove radiator sludge to save on 25% on heating bill [TIPS] Most experts agree that a temperature of at least 60℃ is needed to kill bacteria in the washing machine. Once the cycle had finished I opened the washing machine door and was immediately met with a refreshing fragrant scent and could no longer smell any musty odours. Upon inspecting the drum and washing machine seal I noticed that the limescale that was once there had gone after a single use of this washing machine cleaner. Speaking exclusively with Express.co.uk, Jennifer Sharpe, Chief Fragrance Officer at Fabulosa, claimed that not only can this product remove foul washing machine odours, but it can also prolong the lifespan of the appliance. READ MORE: Plumber’s £1 method to remove toilet limescale - will look ‘like new’ She said: “To achieve a thorough clean of your washing machine, and remove any grease & limescale that have accumulated in your machine's filter, spray-arms, and pipes, I recommend using a relevant task-specific product such as Fabulosa's Washing Machine Cleaner. “Designed to clean as well as freshen, by killing 99.9 percent of bacteria and viruses which are the cause of unwanted, unpleasant smells, Fabulosa's Washing Machine Cleaner will result in both cleaner clothes and a prolonged machine lifespan if used regularly.” To use the cleaning expert instructed: “Just pour 125ml of product into the soap dispenser, then run the machine on a short, hot cycle for an instant refresh. If stubborn smells persist, simply repeat." Fabulosa’s 250ml Washing Machine Cleaner can be purchased from their website, B&M and Home Bargains for £1. As only 125ml of the solution needs to be used it works out as 50p per use. Households can also opt to use white vinegar to remove the odours. Do this by adding two cups of the liquid into the washing powder drawer, and running the washer on a hot cycle. For those who still catch a whiff of nasty odours, follow this by adding half a cup of baking soda into the drum, and running on the hottest cycle your machine has. But be warned - while some recommend cleaning with vinegar, a number of experts claim it is largely ineffective when compared to other options. It can also be productive to empty the machine by releasing the filter. Britons will likely find the filter in the bottom right corner on the outside of the washer.