Lewis Hamilton is one of sport’s most recognisable figures after enjoying staggering success since joining F1 back in 2007. The Mercedes star has equalled Michael Schumacher’s seven world titles and won over 100 races. Express Sport looks at how the Mercedes icon lives away from the track as he prepares for another title tilt in 2023. Hamilton’s stunning career has allowed him to secure properties in some of the world’s most lucrative locations. The Mercedes star previously admitted Monaco was the place he “calls home” suggesting it could be his favourite location. Hamilton is understood to live in the luxury Fontvieille district, based just a 15-minute walk from the start line of the iconic F1 track. The Briton paid over £30million for a penthouse in Manhattan, New York back in 2018. The house is believed to include gorgeous views of the Hudson River as well as a fitness centre. He also has a six-bedroom £18m house in Kensington, West London which was formerly owned by Burberry designer Christopher Bailey. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton has key advantage over 'dirty' Schumacher and Senna Hamilton has been pictured in several gorgeous sports cars as he flaunts his £13m collection. He has previously posed in front of a custom-built Pagani Zonda 760 which can reach 0-62mph in just 2.8 seconds. He is also believed to be the owner of a Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG Coupe Black Series capable of speeds of up to 195mph. RacingNews365 claims Hamilton also has the keys to a Ferrari LaFerrari, McLaren P1, 1966 Shelby 427 Cobra and Ford Mustang Shelby GT500. Hamilton’s trip to Antarctica is just one of several holidays for the Briton over the past few years. Over the summer, he visited Africa to “trace his roots” through the continent. He posted images of himself quad biking and climbing sand dunes in what he called a “life-changing” trip. Hamilton is also a self-admitted adrenaline junkie and secured his sky diving license in 2019 and uploaded videos of him jumping again back in April. The champion has also flown in fighter jets and admitted to once 'blacking out' due to the intense G Force. The Bit used to have his own £25m private plane but parted ways with the red Bombardier in 2019. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton backed for embarrassment in battle against Russell [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton complaints forced Mercedes to make factory changes [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton warned Max Verstappen is now a different beast [COMMENT] Hamilton has been relatively silent about his love life since splitting with ex-girlfriend Nicole Scherzinger back in 2015. However, tongues were sent wagging over the winter after footage appeared of Hamilton getting close to a girl in a jacuzzi. Her face cannot be seen in the video but is standing just centimetres in front of Hamilton wearing a black bikini. The clip emerged on social media showing Hamilton relaxing on an Antarctic holiday in January. F1 fans on Twitter have suspected it could be supermodel Juliana Nalu who appeared to post images hinting that she was on the same trip. According to Celebrity Net Worth, Hamilton is valued at £233m ($285m). He is one of F1’s most expensive drivers with Mercedes paying him a yearly salary of £32.8m ($40m). Only Max Verstappen earned more last season after being rewarded with bonuses for clinching the world championship.