Arsenal striker Gabriel Jesus has sent a message to the club's supporters as he continues his recovery from injury. The Brazilian has also posted pictures of himself juggling a ball in the gym at the Gunners' training ground.  Jesus has been out since injuring his knee in Brazil's final group game at the World Cup against Cameroon. He underwent surgery a few days later and spent time on crutches and in a knee brace. He is now able to walk unaided and has been posting videos and pictures of his rehabilitation. But Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta gave a worrying update ahead of the north London derby against Tottenham on Sunday. Arteta admitted the injury was more serious than first thought. But Jesus has got fans excited with his latest message. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE He posted three pictures of himself juggling a ball, with the message: "I miss you". Jesus accompanied the three-word tweet with a red heart emoji, a football emoji and a smiling face with sweat emoji. Jesus played a huge part in Arsenal's form in the first part of the season before the World Cup. His goals dried up in October and November but his influence on the attack was undoubted. Eddie Nketiah has stepped into his shoes and scored four goals since the resumption of top-flight football. But Arsenal fans are desperate to have Jesus back as soon as possible for their Premier League title fight. Speaking to Sky Sports over the weekend, Arteta admitted Jesus will still be out for a while. He said: "Hopefully we will have him back (for the final few months). DON'T MISSMan Utd star Sancho’s next course of action after watching Man City winLeeds close in on third transfer after 'enormous offer' and fourth could followMan Utd's 'discreet' target comes to light after 'follow up' on scouting trips  "Obviously it was a serious injury, a bit longer than we expected it. He is going to try to do everything he can to make it shorter but we're going to miss him for a while." Arteta went into more depth on the complexity of Jesus' injury at his press conference on Friday. He said: "He’s progressing really well, he’s working really hard, he’s in the right place in terms of the time that we set for him, but he’s still a bit far. "I’d like to see him very quickly but I don’t think it’s going to happen. We’re going to have to be patient with that one. But let’s see. "It’s a complicated surgery, in any surgery there are always a lot of things where you have to be cautious. He’s a player that’s going to push to be really fast on the pitch."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here