DCI Vera Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) and her sidekick Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) will return tonight as they solve another mysterious murder. The episode will see the duo being called to a grim scene when a body is found in the back of a burnt-out car and the victim is identified as a popular local GP. The detective's investigation leads her into a world of intrigue and betrayal when she learns that the doctor's relationships with those that knew her were anything but healthy. Brenda has played DCI Stanhope since the drama began, and in the new series, she will mark the 50th episode of Vera. “The six new films also include an adaptation of Ann’s previous book, The Darkest Evening, which marks the 50th episode of Vera," the actress began. "I feel rather proud of having reached the landmark of 50 episodes, now having filmed 51 in total. READ MORE: James Martin hugs Brian Turner as he makes 'stammer' confession "I think it’s wonderful. A great achievement for everyone involved." "Ten of those 51 films are based on the books by Ann Cleeves," Brenda continued. "She has created such well-defined characters, allowing the other story writers to bring them to life onscreen as well. “Who would have thought when we made that Vera pilot 13 years ago that we would be talking about having made 51 films? I know the character better than anyone so when we have new writers coming in I just look at the scripts for tiny anomalies. "I also throw little comical bits in there as well.” While the 76-year-old has no plans to hang up her mack and hat just yet, she admitted after the end of every series, she often considers calling it a day. “Every time we finish a series I say I’m not going to be doing anymore," the DCI Stanhope star explained. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb's true identity in Nicky twist [SPOILERS]Happy Valley writer explains dark meaning behind show's title [INSIGHT]Dancing On Ice's Patsy Palmer dealt blow hours before live show [ODDS] "But then I change my mind. Usually, it means six months away from home in Kent for me and in 2022 it was the best part of 10 months. “My dog Jack can’t be with me in the North East for all of that time. He’s all right after I’ve been away for a little while. "But if I happen to manage to come home for a few days in between filming Vera episodes he goes mad and then my husband has a merry time of it when I go away again with the dog wondering where I am. “So when we finish filming, as we just have, I always say, ‘I really don’t think I can do this anymore'." "But then I have a rest and get my appetite back again and change my mind," she added. "I suddenly might get a bright idea about what to do with Vera and suggest who might be cast in it. “The emotional feeling also comes in - thinking of all the other people who are still there who want to do more. "And Ann Cleeves is currently writing her 11th Vera novel. So that hasn’t been dealt with on-screen yet and you feel like you’d be letting her down. "All of that goes on. Never say never. Things happen, and circumstances change. Enthusiasm and opinions change. So watch this space." Vera returns next Sunday at 8pm on ITV.