Arsenal are hoping to sign Brighton star Moises Caicedo before the end of the January transfer window. But the Ecuador international's arrival would be bad news for three Gunners players. Mikel Arteta is desperate to add a midfielder to his ranks by Tuesday's deadline. Caicedo has now emerged as a top target for the Premier League leaders. Arsenal had a £60million bid rejected for the 21-year-old on Friday. They are expected to return with an improved offer and the player is keen on a move to north London. Caicedo has played fewer than 30 Premier League matches but has caught the eye of top clubs in England. Chelsea and Liverpool have both been credited with interest in him in the recent past. A move to Stamford Bridge cannot be ruled out. Chelsea are still in the market for a midfielder and have already beaten Arsenal to two signings this month, bringing in Joao Felix and Mykhaylo Mudryk. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  But if Caicedo were to join Arsenal, it would be a blow to three players already at the Gunners. Mohamed Elneny is out of contract at the end of the season. A big reason for Arsenal pushing to sign Caicedo is the fitness of Elneny, who suffered a knee injury earlier this month. There are fears he could miss much of the remainder of the campaign. If that is the case, his future at the Emirates looks bleak. Arsenal have the option to extend Elneny's contract by a further year if they so wish. But he may have suffered a second serious injury this term, after missing a couple of months with a hamstring problem earlier this season. Caicedo would likely take his spot in the squad, with Declan Rice also set to be a top target in the summer. DON'T MISSArsenal chief Edu has 'considerable funds to spend' with next signing decidedNewcastle target Maddison received 'concrete offer' with 11th-hour move on cardsCaicedo 'responds to Arsenal bid' with private Brighton message  Even if Rice doesn't sign, it is clear Arteta wants to recruit further in the middle of the park at the end of the season. Albert Sambi Lokonga may also see his days numbered if Caicedo joins. His game time would be further restricted and there has already been interest in him this month. Arteta may keep hold of Lokonga until the summer but that could be the end of the road for the Belgian. Finally, the pathway for Charlie Patino at Arsenal could be blocked if Caicedo, and then Rice, join. Patino is not a defensive midfielder as such but has played deeper at times on loan at Blackpool this season. The 19-year-old is highly-rated and has impressed in the Championship. However, it could be hard for him to break into Arteta's team anytime soon. He may well have Granit Xhaka, Thomas Partey, Caicedo and Rice all ahead of him heading into next season.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here