Mould may begin growing indoors when mould spores land on surfaces which are wet, they thrive in damp, humid and wet conditions. Mould can appear on walls, around windows and even on furniture if the situation escalates. According to Mrs Hinch fans, Britons should avoid using bleach when it comes to tackling the problem. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips forum, Hannah Taylor wrote: “I really hope someone can help, this is my little girl’s bedroom wall next to her bed. It’s full of mould. “I have tried scrubbing it with mould and mildew spray but just over a week later her room smells damp and the mould is back.” Mould produces spores regularly to sustain its own life cycle, and those spores can easily become airborne. This means it can return and Britons need to cut off all favourable conditions for the mould to die. READ MORE: I banished horrid smells from my washing machine using 50p item To help Hannah, Mrs Hinch fans shared a variety of ways she can target the mould, including using white vinegar. Donna Hindle wrote: “Do not use bleach on mould. Use white vinegar, you shouldn’t be breathing in bleach when asleep.” To use white vinegar, pour some into a spray bottle and spray it directly onto the mould, allowing it to sit for at least an hour. Vinegar has antifungal and antibacterial properties, and it can be a cheap and effective treatment for many types of mould. DON'T MISS:Orchid expert shares ‘ideal’ location in your home for your plant [COMMENT]‘Best’ methods to remove candle wax from five materials in the home [INSIGHT]Patio expert shares best method to clean paving slabs [EXPLAINER] It can be purchased from various retailers including Tesco and Wilco for around £1 a bottle. Wilko said: “When it comes to cleaning, white vinegar really does work wonders. Our original white vinegar is safe to use all around your home.” Hannah Lister said: “Bleach will kill mould but I would advise it if you have children or pets. Much better alternatives like white vinegar, keeps spores at bay.” Other group members recommended investing in a dehumidifier to help remove moisture in the air. READ MORE: Four mood-boosting houseplants which are easy to care for Kirstie O’Malley said: “100 percent a dehumidifier…the air needs circulating.” Susan Connor wrote: “Get a dehumidifier and mould and mildew remover if possible. Open a window a little too, good luck.” Dehumidifiers help to reduce moisture in the air, which can contribute to the build-up of mould. They can also help people with allergies and hinder the growth of dust mites. Harriet Wilson said: “If it is mould you can tackle it using a combination of tricks including mould remover and ventilation. “I find my dehumidifier works a treat. I had a mould problem years ago and since using a dehumidifier, it’s completely gone and never returned.” When drying clothing indoors, it is best to use a dehumidifier or leave windows open to help them dry. Mrs Hinch fans also recommended Astonish’s Mould & Mildew blaster which claims to tackle mould in minutes.