A suspected 21-year-old intruder has been arrested by police after an elderly woman was reportedly sexually assaulted and attacked inside a care home in Oldham. Greater Manchester Police said at around 2.40am on Sunday, officers were called to reports of an unknown male at the premises in Shaw. An elderly woman was taken to hospital after further reports of a serious sexual assault and assault. Police arrested a 21-year-old man at the scene. He was taken into custody for further questioning. Extensive enquiries at the care home have been conducted by attending officers. The scene is now closed. All residents on the premises are currently safe and are being supported. Superintendent Phillip Hutchinson of GMP's Oldham district said: "Specialist officers are currently supporting the victim and her loved ones at what is undoubtedly a difficult and distressing time, and they are assisting with our investigation. "We understand the effect this will have on residents, families, and staff at the care home and the wider community. "We deployed a number of uniformed officers and specialist officers to the scene today to carry out investigative enquiries. "Our officers will continue to patrol around the local area to provide reassurance to the residents, their loved ones, and the local community. "Alongside our criminal investigation, we are working with Oldham Council and partner agencies to ensure the safeguarding and security of residents. "If anyone has any further information, they can share about this incident then please contact GMP on 101 or report via the GMP website’s reporting tool: www.gmp.police.uk quoting log 661 of 01/01/2023. "Alternatively, you can report information anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111." Greater Manchester Police has released details of where people can receive support for rape and sexual assault. Saint Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) Manchester provides a comprehensive and co-ordinated response to men, women and children who live or have been sexually assaulted within Greater Manchester. It offers forensic medical examinations, practical and emotional support as well as a counselling service for all ages. Services are available on a 24-hour basis and can be accessed by telephoning 0161 276 6515. Greater Manchester Rape Crisis is a confidential information support and counselling service run by women for women over 18 who have been raped or sexually abused at any time in their lives. Call on 0161 273 4500 or email help@manchesterrapecrisis.co.uk Survivors Manchester provides specialist trauma informed support to boys and men in Greater Manchester who have experienced sexual abuse, rape or sexual exploitation. Call 0161 236 2182.