Alan Carr is reportedly set to replace David Walliams on Britain's Got Talent after recordings of the comedian making rude comments about two contestants during auditions in January 2020 emerged. Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden and Alesha Dixon will be joined by Alan when filming begins for a brand new series of the ITV show. A source close to Britain’s Got Talent said: “Alan is hilarious but also kind. He tells a mean joke but he is also soft in the middle. “The bosses are already excited about how wonderful he will be with the contestants. “He will complement the panel so well too, he is really close friends with Amanda and he has known Simon and Alesha for years too.” “Everyone involved in the show is so excited and they can’t wait to get started,” the source told the Daily Mail. Read more: David Walliams jokes he’s ‘irrelevant’ on Britain’s Got Talent Express.co.uk have contacted a representative for Britain’s Got Talent for comment. Auditions for the latest series of Britain’s Got Talent will begin in two weeks. Alan is best known for his Channel 4 chat show Alan Carr: Chatty Man. The comedian is a good friend of fellow judge Amanda. In November, David stepped down from his role on the talent show after he apologised for making vile remarks about two contestants. The comments, reported by The Sun, were made during auditions at the London Palladium in January 2020. In one incident David calls an older pension a “c**t* three times after they made a joke about the judge in a comedy routine. In another incident, the comedian was heard making a rude comment about a female contestant. DON'T MISSAmanda Holden gives opinion on Simon Cowell BGT replacement [INTERVIEW]Penn admits ‘I don’t believe in magic’ as he joins BGT magician show [INSIGHT]David Walliams set to make TV return just weeks after ‘quitting’ BGT [INSIGHT] He’s reported to have said: “She’s like the slightly boring girl you meet in the pub that thinks you want to f*** them, but you don’t.” “I know, she’s just like: ‘Oh, f*** off’” I was saying, she thinks you want to f*** her, but you don’t,” he added. “It’s the last thing on your mind, but she’s like, ‘Yep, I bet you do!’ “No I don’t! I had a bit of a b***r, but now it’s going, it’s now shrivelled up inside my body.” David released a statement apologised for his remarks and explained the comments were made during a “private conversation”. He said: “I would like to apologise to the people I made disrespectful comments about during breaks in filming for Britain’s Got Talent in 2020. “These were private conversations and - like most conversations with friends - were never intended to be shared. Nevertheless, I am sorry.”