Love Island is back on ITV and the series introduced Maya Jama to the South African villa as she welcomed the first batch of contestants. Maya has been stealing the show so far with her stunning looks. She is believed to still be a part of her ex Ben Simmons' life. The TV and radio presenter and DJ had been in a relationship with British rapper Stormzy between 2015 and 2019. Following their breakup, the rapper released the song titled Lessons. In 2021, it was reported she was dating NBA player Ben Simmons but in August 2022, the couple ended their engagement. The couple has reportedly been struggling with their busy schedules and careers as they tried to maintain a long-distance relationship. Maya is based in London while Ben is based in Brooklyn, New York, as he plays for the Brooklyn Nets. READ MORE: ITV confirm Love Island spin-off for 'middle aged' hopefuls Speaking about the breakup, a source told the NY Post it was "one of the hardest decisions of their lives". They said: "While they both care for each other so much, they truly gave it their all and realise that they just come from two different worlds. "It's been a difficult time for them. They now understand they don't have the time they thought to dedicate to this relationship." However, it is believed the pair hope to stay in each other's lives, as "there is a lot of love between them". Maya and the NBA player first began dating around May 2021 before making it official two months later. The relationship was confirmed when they were photographed kissing at the Wimbledon Tennis Championship in July 2021. Maya confirmed the news of their breakup when speaking to The Times in January 2023, saying: "I’m really, really single right now. Newly single. It’s only been a month.. but it’s nice." She had been promoting the new series of Love Island, saying she had been practising her arrival at the villa. DON'T MISS... Love Island fans blast 'hard to watch' series: 'It's lost its zest' Love Island star rules out return to acting after Benidorm role Love Island 2023 debut sparks cheeky reaction from celebs on Twitter  She added: "I am shy about that walk. It’s big, isn’t it, the slow-motion walk? "Me and my girlfriends, we were drunk, doing the walk, up and down the hall. Tried the sexy version. "Tried the smiley version. Smiley version won.” Neither Ben nor Maya officially announced their engagement, but Maya had shown off her huge diamond ring on the red carpet at the BRIT Awards in February.   The star never shared many details about their relationship, although she did wish him a happy birthday on Instagram in July 2021. Taking to the social media platform, she thanked Love Island fans for welcoming her with such support. She said: "Overwhelmed from last night, thank you so much for your kind words." Viewers have since been obsessing over her unique outfits as she has teased her wardrobe ahead of the show. Love Island airs on weekdays and Saturdays on ITV at 9pm.