King Charles and Queen Camilla stuck with tradition by choosing to spend Christmas at Sandringham with other members of the Royal Family. However, His Majesty and the Queen Consort will break with the late Queen’s habit of remaining in Norfolk until February.  Instead, they will head to Birkhall on the Balmoral estate, possibly in time for Hogmanay, where they will prepare for a busy year that will include the first coronation since 1953. A royal source told The Telegraph that while the late Queen stayed at Sandringham until the anniversary of her father’s death in February each year, “the King and Queen Consort will move to Birkhall and Balmoral. Birkhall is what they consider to be their marital home”. Charles and Camilla usually stay in Birkhall during the summer months. Birkhall was inherited by Charles from the Queen Mother when she died in 2002. It is where the King and Queen Consort honeymooned in 2005, and also where Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip chose to honeymoon in 1947. READ MORE: Camilla has taken years off with food that makes you 'look younger'  In a BBC interview in October 2021, King Charles said: “One of the most marvellous things about [Birkhall] is it’s by this river called the Muick, and it has this wonderful sound of rushing water. “When you are in the house it’s very calming and peaceful I think. It also was the first place that Queen Victoria and Prince Albert bought in 1848 before they bought Balmoral it has a very special atmosphere. “The house is rather wonderful because it was built in 1713 and there have been extensions put on ever since but it’s its setting and its atmosphere." King Charles and Camilla shared the grand entrance to Birkhall in a video on the 80th anniversary of the Battle of St Valery-en-Caux, in June 2020.    It featured an enormous blue shelter with four large podiums and four potted plants hanging from the front two podiums and from the wooden ceiling. The front door is painted green and is above two grey concrete steps, with a glass panel above and a white frame. The King opened the new NHS Nightingale hospital in London remotely via Zoom from the Drawing Room at Birkhall. He shared a photo of his home office set-up on Instagram, which included a sweet display of family photos behind him. READ MORE: The change Camilla should make or risk looking 'unkempt and aged'  Among the frames on a table on the right-hand side, next to a vase of flowers, was a picture of Charles and his wife Camilla on their wedding day in 2005. Charles filmed a BBC documentary in 2018 called "Prince, Son and Heir: Charles at 70". In one scene, Charles was interviewed in a reception room of the property, showing various personal mementoes on display. One framed photo on a dresser was taken at Prince Louis’ christening in July 2018, while another showed the Queen with Princes William and Harry when they were young. Charles had another wooden coffee table that had colourful flowers in a vase, and there was also a plant in a blue and white ceramic pot next to the window, covered by dark curtains.   While the upcoming coronation ceremony at Westminster Abbey will dominate the King’s first full year as monarch, other highlights will include the couple’s first state visit abroad, which is expected in the spring, a pre-coronation tour of the home nations and a tour of the west of England. The King’s diary for 2023 is rapidly filling up, with annual traditions like Royal Ascot, the Royal Maundy Service and the Braemar Games, but there will be subtle changes to other regular events, including garden parties and public access to royal residences. The first of those changes will be the January stay at Birkhall, the King’s favourite home, and the place he is also likely to visit to recharge his batteries after the coronation on May 6. Scotland is where the King has always been happiest, and as well as staying at Balmoral in the summer where monarchs have taken their annual break since the reign of Queen Victoria, His Majesty is expected to spend time at the Castle of Mey, his late grandmother’s former home on the north coast.   