Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag was caught on camera shaking hands with all of the players in the dugout following his side’s 3-1 win over Everton on Friday night. Antony and Marcus Rashford, as well as a Conor Coady own goal, sent the Red Devils through to the fourth round of the FA Cup. The draw for the next stage will be held on Sunday, with 12-time winners in the pot. Manchester United were able to overcome a plucky Everton side on Friday night to continue their recent fine form. The Red Devils have won all five matches since the World Cup in Qatar, while they’ve now emerged victorious in 14 of their last 17 matches across all competitions. Antony put United ahead in the fourth minute, with the Brazil international sliding home from close range after some good work from Rashford. Coady drew Everton level 10 minutes later, taking advantage of a mistake from David De Gea, before then scoring an own goal after the interval. And Rashford netted a late penalty to make the result safe, with the England international registering his 13th goal of the campaign in the process. The FA Cup Twitter account has now tweeted a video of Ten Hag waiting for his players after the game. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big The United boss is seen shaking hands with Tyrell Malacia, Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Facundo Pellistri and coach Mitchell van der Gaag in a nice gesture following the showdown. Ten Hag has been keen to keep the Red Devils united, particularly in the wake of last season’s shambles under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. And it’s clear he’s now excelling in the dugout, with the club continuing to pick up victories as they look to bring the glory days back to Old Trafford. Once again, Rashford was the best player on the pitch as United were able to overcome Everton. And Ten Hag was full of praise his No 10 in the aftermath of the contest, saying: "He is in good form and on a good run, keep it going. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see “If he keeps focus, concentration and the good work. If he keeps investing in training and games, I am convinced he can keep it going. "It was a game with a lot of tackles from both teams, we are happy to win this game and really happy to get into the next round." He also hailed Everton, too, by saying: "I think their performance was really good, they played brave on the front foot and they went forwards. “The audience got the perfect game, a good show and we are happy with the win." "I know Manchester United are always aiming for trophies and we are going for that. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “We cannot force this and have to focus on the next game, not focus on trophies, that is far away. We have to work on the team and development." Everton star Coady, meanwhile, admitted his side were stuck in a rut but hopeful of emerging from the other side. "We are in a bad way, bad place and everyone wants to get out of it,” he stated. “We came here with a plan and stuck to it. To lose the game to an own goal and penalty, it is gutting. "We are not enjoying it and need to get out of it quickly. The manager is fantastic with all of us, outstanding, and he understands the football club. “We need to keep listening to him and need to keep fighting for him everyday. That is what we will do as a team." On banners that called for the Everton board to be sacked, he said: "As football players, that is not our domain. “We focus on trying to get results, we love this football club and we need to keep fighting. “At the minute, we are not a team that can play pretty football but we go out there and give 200 per cent.”