Novak Djokovic is currently preparing for his Australian Open final clash with Stefanos Tsitsipas. And, should he emerge victorious, he’ll join Rafael Nadal on 22 Grand Slam titles. He apparently has no intentions of stopping there, however, with the Serb actually aiming to claim 30 by the time he retires. Djokovic was banned from competing at the Australian Open last year, with authorities preventing him from playing due to his refusal to get the coronavirus vaccine. But the Serb has been in the mood to make up for lost time this year, with the former world No 1 blitzing every opponent he’s faced. While Djokovic has suffered from a hamstring injury Down Under, he’s still been able to make the final by dropping just one set along the way. And while Tsitsipas has been impressive as well, few think the Greek will be able to stop the Djokovic machine from reigning supreme. Sunday’s match has the makings of a classic given the fine form of both men. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Djokovic will have the added motivation of aiming to draw level with Nadal on 22 Grand Slam titles. He will also be aiming to become the first man to win 10 Majors at the same tournament, a feat nobody has achieved before. Speaking back in July, after Djokovic powered his way to the Wimbledon crown, his old coach Bogdan Obradovic revealed the Serb actually wanted to claim 30 Grand Slams - a target he’d set during his younger years. Speaking to BBC 5 Live, he said: “I was talking with Novak when he was 9 years old, this is the time we met each other for the first time. “After that when he was 13 we started to work together permanently for the next 18 years, which was a very long period. “He was telling me every time and I know his idea, he wants to come to the number 30, which is three-zero. “This is what Novak wants. So, the next five years, he will play. “The next five years, he will have probably 20 chances to get those numbers, which is 30 [Grand Slam] titles. Let’s see.” Djokovic would actually have surpassed that number if he’d won every Grand Slam final he’d competed in. He’s lost 11 of his finals over the years, with the last defeat at this stage coming at the US Open in 2021 when he was beaten by Daniil Medvedev. Djokovic has also been bettered by the likes of Nadal, Stan Wawrinka, Andy Murray and Roger Federer over the years. And whether he can join Nadal in the history books on Sunday remains to be seen. Speaking ahead of that match, and after his win over Tommy Paul, Djokovic defended his father after footage showed Srdjan Djokovic posing with Russian fans at the tournament. "He [my dad] had no intention to support any kind of war initiative," said Djokovic. "It's unfortunate the misinterpretation of what happened escalated." He added: "There was a lot of Serbian flags around. That's what he thought. He thought he was making a photo with somebody from Serbia. That's it. He moved on. "I was not pleased to see that. "Of course, it's not pleasant for me to go through this with all the things that I had to deal with last year and this year in Australia. It's not something that I want or need. "I hope that people will let it be, and we can focus on tennis."