It was a rollercoaster night for the Los Angeles Lakers, but once again LeBron James helped save the day. The Lakers beat the Portland Trail Blazers 121-112, but that doesn't tell the full story. The Lakers managed to recover from suffering their worst ever quarter in franchise and beat the Trail Blazers on Sunday night. James and his Lakers side were looking comfortable heading into the second quarter, as they led by seven points with the score at 33-26. But things then rapidly changed as they endured a brutal 12 minutes, and they went into half-time 46-71 down. With a deficit of 32 points, it became the worst quarter in franchise history for the Lakers, but a 37-point game from James saw them bounce back and somehow take the victory. It was their second largest second-half comeback, and it may finally be the win that turns around their season. Even at 38, James is still performing at Championship level and digging his side out of a hole. They moved to 22-25 with the win over the Trail Blazers, but still sit 12th in the Western Conference. An incredible performance from James saw the Lakers saw them turn their worst ever quarter into one of their greatest ever comebacks. "You can either go out and just lay down and get ready for next game or you can see what can happen in the third quarter and make a game of it," James told reporters after their comeback win. "And for us as competitors and our team and our makeup this year, we're not a lay-down team. It's just not the makeup of our club." After falling 45-13 to the Trail Blazers in the second, the Lakers responded in the best way as they took the third 40-20. It's been far from a great season for the Lakers, but it shows that they still have fight, and there's hope they can still make something of this campaign. Their roster has been tested, and without Anthony Davis they've looked weak. But reports that they're finalising a trade for Rui Hachimura from the Washington Wizards has lifted some spirits. The news comes just hours after their comeback win, as James finally gets some reinforcements. James has put pressure on the Lakers front office to get deals over the line, as he wants to win another title before retiring from the NBA. The finalised deal will Hachimura trade for Kendrick Nunn, 2023 second via Chicago, 2029 LA second and less favourable of 2028 Washington or LA seconds, according to ESPN.