The beginning of the year is the perfect time for a fresh start, and for many, this means reinventing the space around them with a lick of paint. Colour, is integral not only to the styling of a room but ultimately how your home makes you feel. In 2023, Lick’s director of interior design Tash Bradley predicts a deeper connection with nature. With a degree in colour psychology, Tash explained that the colour of a room isn’t just about what’s in vogue. “The power that colour can have on someone and the way that it can transform a space and the way that it can really influence like how you feel really resonated with me,” she told Express.co.uk. And it seems trending colour palettes are mirroring the way in which many of us are choosing to live. She predicts “slow colours” to be a key trend in every room of the home. "The world is moving away from fast pace and fast fashion,” she said. “Redecorating your house, every six months - no one’s going to do that. It’s very much about like finding a colour palette that will last.” At Lick, she has compiled a palette of eight colours that she feels “really capture the feeling of 2023”. Tash added: “It’s connecting you to nature and being very grounded. This sustainable slow living that people are moving towards." READ MORE: Mum's 'sparkling' shower and sink cleaning method From this palette, however, there is one shade in particular that people move towards time and time again, and one which is ideal for those hesitant about incorporating a bolder colour scheme into their home. “In every study we do, it's always green,” she said. “The colour that just always is at the top is emerald green. “People love it and it's also what I call ‘nature’s neutral’. It’s always going to work. It pretty much goes in pairs with every other colour. It's such a lovely, safe option when people are a bit nervous to bring colour into their homes. Green is just honestly where I guide people to go towards.” One of the bonuses of green is that it can be combined with countless other colours, and brings a calming feel to a room. “It goes really well white, beige, pink, like any colour, it complements but it's just got a lovely feel to It's very calming,” Tash explained. “Your eye doesn't have to adjust to the colour green. So it makes it incredibly restful.” There is a science behind why green works so well for so many people too. This is partially down to the wavelength of light it takes to evoke the colour, which sits roughly between 496 and 570. Some scientists and researchers also believe that because our eyes are at the peak of their perception to detect the wavelengths corresponding with the colour green, the shade may calm us down. DON'T MISSDEAL OF THE DAY: Save £17.50 on this Argos dehumidifier [DEAL]‘Perfect’ colours to paint your kitchen in 2023 [ANALYSIS]Damp can cost up to £5,000 to repair - use ‘cheap £1’ item to fix [COMMENT] The shade is also often associated with positive notions, such as nature, luck and safety. Tash added: “Pretty much most greens are all very relaxing, very calming.” In Lick’s 2023 colour palette, the colour green is used to “reconnect us to the natural world and symbolise life and re-growth”. As such, the brand has selected an earthy shade named Green 05 Rome House. “Simultaneously rustic and elegant, Green 05 Rome House’s earthy olive hues will immediately transport you to luscious forests, bringing life and optimism into your home due to its warming yellow undertones,” said Tash. As well as green, Tash also points to deep shades of teal and rich, earthy orange. “I’ve brought in colours which have a more energising tone to them,” she explained.  The palette is also complemented by four grounding neutrals: White 06, Taupe 03 Soho Roc House, Beige 02 Soho Farmhouse and Pink 13 Nashville House. “These are a beige taupe, a lovely chalky, white with a pink undertone. All of those colours are totally timeless and instantly play as the perfect backdrop to anyone's home. “So whether you're contemporary or you like modern or you like a bit more traditional, these four neutrals can be in any home.” However, if you’re looking to re-decorate in the coming months, you don’t need to feel tied to just one colour. In fact, Tash encourages mixing and matching the shades, playing with colour to find a palette that suits your own personality. “You can use all eight of these colours in your whole house,” she said. “Or the beauty of this palette is if you want to pick two colours or colours, three colours, they all work together beautifully and they create that sort of natural flow throughout your home.”