Award-winning actors Matthew Macfadyen and Keeley Hawes have joined forces for the new ITV drama Stonehouse. The drama follows the downfall of disgraced minister John Stonehouse who faked his own death after falling into serious debt. Ahead of the miniseries airing, Matthew shared his thoughts on Keeley portraying Stonehouse's wife Barbara. Stonehouse pulled the wool over his first wife Barbara's eyes in 1974 when he hatched a plan to fake his own drowning in Miami. The series explores the circumstances leading up to the scandal when he bagged ministerial roles in aviation and then as postmaster general. He also forged secret relationships with a Czech spymaster and then with his new secretary Sheila Buckley (Emer Heatley). Stonehouse started to spend his newfound wealth lavishly which soon caused everything to spiral out of control.  READ MORE: BBC could ‘warp Britain’ with ‘woke’ TV dramas, claims report When Matthew was asked how it felt to be working alongside his wife, he told Express.co.uk: "It was really lovely. "It really was - that's the boring but truthful answer. It was just really nice." The Succession star shared how he and Keeley booked an Airbnb while they were filming parts of the show and took their dog along for the ride. He quipped about the experience being like a bit of a staycation when they were off the set of the ITV drama. But it is not the first time the talented couple has worked on a drama together. They starred alongside one another in the BBC espionage series Spooks many years ago. Matthew portrayed Tom Quinn and Keeley played Zoe Reynolds between 2002 and 2004. Matthew recalled: "Spooks was a long time ago - it was 20 years ago."  DON'T MISS...'I tracked down vanished MP John Stonehouse' [UPDATE]Too Hot To Handle’s Sophie Stonehouse says mother was ‘horrified’  [LATEST]Stonehouse cast swipe at Matt Hancock as they compare disgraced MPs [EXCLUSIVE] Opening up about what viewers might think about him working with Keeley in Stonehouse, Matthew admitted: "I mean you think, is this going to be a bit naff or cute or something, but actually, it was really lovely. "And she's a brilliant actress. And it was just, you know, we're both used to being on set. So it was just great." Keeley plays the doting wife to Stonehouse who was against his decision to move into a stately home. She begins to get suspicious of him but has no idea he is having an extramarital affair with his secretary. A synopsis for the first episode reads: "The 1970 election proves to be a turning point as Stonehouse goes from flag-waver to scapegoat. He’s left out in the cold. "Rumours of fraud are circulating too, as his suspect investments are scrutinised. He’s becoming desperate. "Inspired by The Day of the Jackal, he hatches a secret plan to escape his dire circumstances that involve a dead constituent and forged passports. "A ministerial trip to Miami is the perfect opportunity - but can he bear to leave his family, and the real John Stonehouse, behind?" The full series of Stonehouse will be available to stream on ITV from Monday, January 2.  