Aries A long-term commitment no longer has any consequence for you. You aren’t getting anything out of it and that’s why you will be calling a halt to these arrangements. It won’t make sense to put any more time, money or effort in this direction. Taurus An old friend expects your help with a complicated problem. Do you really want to get involved? You will take a pragmatic view of unexpected offers and opportunities that come your way. In fact you could feel drawn to finding out more about a job proposal. Gemini Money is tight. Reach out and ask for the help you need. It might be embarrassing having to borrow money from your family just to pay energy and other household bills but you aren’t the only one in this boat. You are surrounded by people who understand. Cancer A friendship that has been a little strained is starting to show signs of returning to normal. It will be a relief to notice the clouds rolling away to show a bit of sunshine. If you receive preferential treatment from your boss or another superior this will be due to your past hard working efforts. Leo You’re finding it increasingly difficult to keep on top of household finances. There may be a new scheme on offer in your community that will help to some degree. Don’t let this situation knock your confidence. A little extra training could enable you to take on a different kind of work. Virgo You have your doubts about someone you have recently teamed up with in order to carry out a joint effort. Keep your thoughts to yourself as you could be pleasantly surprised once you begin, to see that they are very capable of this work and they do know what they are doing.    Libra Expect to have to spend some time talking yourself out of or into taking on a family commitment. What’s important is to go with what suits you rather than suits a domineering relative. Someone has plans they are trying to keep from you and that’s why they are doing their best to avoid your company. Scorpio If someone is deliberately holding your efforts back, they will keep up such tactics for as long as they get away with them. Instead of letting them drag you behind, pull them along. Your intention is to reach a self-set goal. You also hope to clear away jobs left standing from the past. Sagittarius In controversies over a romantic or financial matter, you and a partner may never reach an agreement. If you find yourself at loggerheads with someone close, since you are unlikely to find a compromise it might be better to drop the subject and move on to something else.   Capricorn It never rains but it pours. A disagreement or problem that crops up now will seem inevitable when you look back on this day. Tension has been building for some time. A housemate or workmate’s temper has reached boiling point and they need to get their feelings out into the open. Aquarius Your involvement in a community project will be emotionally and spiritually rewarding. This enterprise will introduce you to the very different lifestyles other people lead. This enlightening experience could also encourage you to take a deeper look at your own standards of living. Pisces A friend or relative who you fell out with a long time ago will apologise for their past behaviour. It will take a while for you to decide on whether you can forgive them when this is an apology that should have been made long before now. 