From having to walk behind her coffin, to the palpable lack of pastoral care which left a bewildered 12-year-old boy bereft of the comfort he so needed. It’s a flashpoint the Duke of Sussex has returned to repeatedly as he continues to throw hand grenades at the "institution" and the Royals who move within it. So given the way tragedy arced his young life, surely Harry’s concern for his own nephew, George, would be a matter of auto-fill. As the doting and fun-loving uncle, Harry has always displayed affection for his brother’s three young children. So the possibility that George, as second in line to the throne, could be harmed in any way by the Duke’s rage against the monarchy should surely be a concern to him. Sadly that doesn’t appear to be the case. As a result George, just nine and barely out of short trousers, may well find himself inheriting a damaged and diminished monarchy. In fact, will there even be a King in 30 years time? Yet Harry, entrenched in his victimhood, anger and entitlement, seems to have overlooked the damage he could do to the young royal as he fires one salvo after another. Lifting the curtain on petty arguments, unedifying accounts of his allegedly brawling brother, a stream of invective directed towards so many Royal players, all this and more has chipped away at the mystique and the stability of the monarchy. A monarchy that one day should rightfully belong to George. Meanwhile, with the death of the Queen, the cost of the royals to the public purse – even with Charles' desire to slim down the monarchy – the timing could be ripe for republicans to intensify their demands for change. How unfair that George – who by all accounts is being thoughtfully raised in a loving home by the Prince and Princess of Wales and who will one day most likely make a fine monarch, should have his birthright potentially compromised through no fault of his own.  There have been 62 monarchs of England and Britain spread over a period of approximately 1200 years. George has a rightful place in this long and deeply historic tapestry. Who is Harry to wield an axe to such heritage? A cynic might ponder whether he even cares about potentially denying George his destiny. In the recently published book, Courtiers by royal correspondent Valentine Low, Prince Harry, it’s claimed, was worried he had a "shelf life" and would become irrelevant once his nephew Prince George turned 18. Not only spare but an also-ran. If this is true, could it be that he cares little for how the line of succession could be terminally damaged by the impact of his revelations? Despite the litany of nuclear revelations, Harry persists in maintaining he is open to reconciliation. He told Tom Bradby on ITV that he still loves his brother despite detailing the fights they had – or as he describes them - the alleged physical attack by William. Given the way he has pointed damning fingers at his brother and indeed his sister-in-law, it’s hard to see how William and Harry could patch things up.  Yet Charles continues to display what can only be a visceral desire to make amends with his son. But that is how a parent would react. A sibling is quite different. When their father passes away, the likelihood of rapprochement may well be buried with him. And who knows how that will leave the monarchy. As a child, Harry suffered terribly as a result of forces beyond his control. Though circumstances are vastly different, if the Duke doesn’t stem the toxic flow of accusation against the Royals, George may well suffer too. When Harry the man looks back to his days as Harry the boy, he should also reflect on the damage he could be inflicting on the destiny of another perfectly innocent little boy. 