Meghan Markle’s after-school ritual teaches her three-year-old son Archie about homelessness. In an interview last year with The Cut for NY Magazine, the Duchess of Sussex took journalist Allison Davis with her to collect Archie from his school.   During the ride, she wrote: "If he [Archie] forgets to say please or thank you, Meghan reminds him of the manners that make the man." She added: "At a stoplight, she [Meghan] reaches into the trunk and produces a brand-new black backpack and hands it to her security detail to give to an unhoused man on the corner. "They are teaching Archie that some people live in big houses, some in small, and that some are in between homes. “They made kits to pass out with water and peanut-butter crackers and granola bars. 'I ate one!' Archie contributes." JUST IN: Harry out for 'revenge' as he launches new 24-page report with Meghan The Duchess of Sussex, 41, and husband Prince Harry, 38, made Montecito in California the family’s home after they decided to step down as working members of the Royal Family in 2020. The couple’s decision to head stateside saw son Archie also make the move but one-year-old Lilibet was born at Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital in June 2021. Prince Harry made several references to his children in his new Megxit memoir, Spare’   The autobiography, which was released on January 10, was dedicated to both Archie and Lilibet. The Duke wrote: “Above all my deepest and adoringest thanks to Archie and Lili, for letting Papa go off to read and think and reflect, to my mother-in-law (aka Grandma), and to my incredible wife, for too many millions of gifts and sacrifices, great and small, to ever enumerate.” He also claimed his late grandmother Queen Elizabeth II expected his children to be much more American. DON'T MISS:Ron DeSantis to run for President as he builds up team [INSIGHT]Tyre Nichols' mother speaks out after police killing[LATEST]Student, 23, killed after being hit by police car [REPORT]  Harry recalled: “For days and days we couldn't stop hugging the children, couldn’t let them out of our sight—though I also couldn't stop picturing them with Granny. “She'd expected them to be a bit more…American, I think? Meaning, in her mind, more rambunctious.” 