Jeremy Renner, 51, took to Instagram today to post a video from his hospital bed as his sister gave him a head massage, with the Marvel actor slurring his words during the short video. The Hawkeye actor was run over by a seven-ton snow plough on New Year's Day as he tried to help a family member who was trapped in a foot of snow. Jeremy has been in the Intensive Care Unit after being involved in a serious accident, with the actor taking to Instagram to update his 19.1 million followers. In the video, Jeremy looked worse for wear, as he showed off his bruised and swollen face while his sister massaged his head in a shower cap. The actor slurred his words in the video while explaining that this was his first shower while confirming he was "definitely weak of something". He captioned the video: "ICU SPA MOMENT TO LIFT MY SPIRITS. Thank you mama Thank you, sister. Thank you all for your love." READ MORE: Strictly tension as Hamza 'unfollows Giovanni amid dates with Jowita' Jeremy was run over by a seven-ton snow plough on New Year's Day as he worked to free a trapped family member from the feet of snow covering his Lake Tahoe home. He was left in critical condition and has been reported to have undergone two surgeries to help his recovery. Authorities have said Renner tried to use his 14.330-pound snow plough to help free a family member with a personal vehicle that was stuck in the snow. The actor got out of the vehicle to speak with the family member, during which time, Washoe County Sheriff Darin Balaam said: "It was observed that the PistenBully [snow plough] was starting to roll. "In an effort to stop the rolling PistenBully, Mr Renner attempts to get back into the driver seat of the PistenBully. "Based on our investigation, it’s at this point that Mr Renner is run over by the PistenBully." A 911 call made in the aftermath indicates that the right side of the actor's chest collapsed and his upper torso was crushed. Jeremy's sister Kym also shared a further update on her brother to US radio channel CBS13 on Tuesday. DON'T MISS... Dan Walker left 'struggling' over Harry and William row [COMMENT] Shania Twain looks ageless in bright pink wig in New York [PICS] Kourtney Kardashian exposes husband Travis Barker's underwear in gown [HOLLYWOOD] She wrote in: "If anyone knows Jeremy, he is a fighter and doesn't mess around. "He is crushing all the progress goals. We couldn't feel more positive about the road ahead." The actor, who owns his own fire truck, plough and other heavy machinery took a snowcat to help clear the way for some of the snow early hours of New Year's Day. Jeremy has had an extensive Hollywood career but is known widely by Marvel fans for playing Hawkeye, the shooting member of the Avengers squad. He received Oscar nominations for Hurt Locker in 2010, with his portrayal as the bomb disposal specialist turning him into a household name. The Avengers in 2012 cemented him as part of Marvel's grand storytelling ambitions, with his character appearing in several sequels and getting its own Disney+ series, Hawkeye. While Jeremy is not currently married, he does have an ex-wife - Canadian model Sonni Pacheco, with whom he shares his nine-year-old daughter, Ava. He has his family around him while he is in hospital, including his mother and sister who have been at his bedside.