Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has hit out at his players for a lack of "discipline" in the FA Cup fourth-round defeat to Manchester City. The Gunners crashed out of the competition with a 1-0 loss at the Etihad. Nathan Ake scored the only goal of the game 20 minutes into the second half. After a Julian Alvarez shot came back off the post, Jack Grealish remained composed before setting up Ake to calmly place past Arsenal's No 2 goalkeeper Matt Turner. But Arteta was not happy with how his team defended what turned out to be the winner. He told ITV: "We are disappointed. "I think we could have got much more from the game but an action decided the game. It was a really tight match, really competitive game and an action decided the game and unfortunately we're out." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Arteta cut a frustrated figure throughout the interview. He insisted more should have been done to stop Ake's strike before the ball had got to the Dutchman. The Gunners boss added: "I think we could have defended that much better. In the discipline we need in the box to stay with our runners." Arteta bemoaned missed chances, with Arsenal having the best opportunities in the first half in particular through Takehiro Tomiyasu and new signing Leandro Trossard. But Arteta says there are positives to take. He continued: "And even in the second half when we had a lot of control in the game and we had big situations there that we didn't put away.  "In those games, you need to do that. We can take a lot of positives. The way we approached the game and the way we competed in the game was really good, because it's really tough to do that against this incredible team. "We played face to face against them. In the big moments in the big matches, we have to make the difference and that's how you win against these teams." Arsenal will now have to dust themselves off and get ready for the return of Premier League action next weekend. They face a trip to Everton, who are set to appoint Sean Dyche as their new manager. The only other competition Arsenal are still in is the Europa League. They will not find out their last-16 opponents until March. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 