Long before Selena Gomez formed the close bond with Brooklyn Beckham and his wife Nicola Peltz she enjoys nowadays, there were rumours swirling about a potential romance. A resurfaced clip from 2015 shows the acclaimed singer looking shocked as she squashed the claims.  In 2015, Selena joined Andy Cohen on Watch What Happens Live when she was asked to provide insight into Brooklyn Beckham and Chloe Grace Moretz’s break-up. Andy probed: “Melissa in South Dakota said, ‘Selena Gomez I’m a huge fan, I once read that Brooklyn Beckham dumped Chloe Grace Mortez because he had such a big crush on you.’ “On a scale of one to 10, how much truth is there in that?” Before Andy could finish, a mortified Selena interrupted: “How old is he?! Isn’t he 16?” READ MORE: Ken Bruce quits BBC Radio 2 after 31 years  As his age was confirmed, the singer added: “No, I know I look 16 but I’m 23, like no." Praising Chloe, Selena stated: “I actually just did a movie with Chloe, she’s outstanding. “I don’t know what happened with them but they’re like five, why are we judging their relationship?” However, in the years since, Selena has formed a close friendship with Brooklyn and his now-wife, actress Nicola Peltz Beckham.  As well as often appearing on each other’s social media posts, the three were recently on vacation in Mexico. Taking to Instagram with a snap of them hugging, Selena joked: “Fine call us a throuple.” To which, Nicola took to the comments section and agreed: “Facts.” The trio grew incredibly close after Brooklyn relocated to the US in 2020, just two years before he tied the knot with Nicola. DON'T MISS...Phillip Schofield sparks uproar as he defends Jeremy Clarkson [REACTION]Selena Gomez, 30, says ‘I’m a little big’ as she hits back at trolls [INSIGHT]Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz ‘have moved in’ with Selena Gomez [INSIGHT]   As well as releasing new music, Selena has also expanded her business portfolio with her makeup brand, Rare Beauty. As for her romantic life, the former Disney star was recently linked to The Chainsmoker’s DJ, Andrew Taggart. According to USWeekly, the two were caught sneaking around, with a source saying: “They aren't trying to hide their romance by sneaking around at members-only clubs. “Selena can hardly keep her hands off him. They are having a lot of fun together." Despite this, it's suggested that Selena spent a lot of time with Nicola and Brooklyn because she’s allegedly dating the actress’ brother, Brad Peltz. Romance rumours were ignited after she celebrated Thanksgiving with Nicola, Brooklyn and Brad. Pop Culture podcast Not Skinny but No Fat also speculated the two were dating, however, Selena has yet to confirm the romance rumours. 