At present, getting the best interest rate will be a major priority for savers hoping to grow their cash. With the Bank of England raising its Base Rate several times, savers are set to benefit as the rates trickle down to high street providers. This is true of Virgin Money, which is currently offering a 2.02 percent interest rate on its M Plus current account. This also comes linked with a savings account called the M Plus saver, offering 2.52 percent interest. The 2.02 percent rate is available on balances up to £1,000, meaning it is well suited for those saving a limited amount, or who are just getting started on a savings journey. In turn, the M Plus Saver is currently offering 2.52 percent variable on balances up to £25,000, which provides savers with more flexibility. READ MORE: Good news for pensioners as 2023 set to be ‘better’ than last year The M Plus Saver is described as “one of our best rates available for current account savers”, and it has flexible options. People can start saving straight away, as there is no minimum pay-in amount with this account. Similarly, savers can have the freedom to pay money and in take it out whenever they want. This is because there are no fees and charges levied on this account. DON'T MISSEconomy grows, gas prices fall, Putin doomed. 2023 just gets better [COMMENT]World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come [INSIGHT]Families face ‘colossal bills’ as HMRC lines up 55pc death tax raid [ANALYSIS] Furthermore, Virgin Money describes how savers can “feel the love” with exclusive rewards from the linked M Plus Account. Some can benefit from cash back on their shopping when spending with specific, participating retailers. The provider will not charge individuals for using their card or withdrawing cash when abroad. In addition, savers can also benefit from Virgin Money rewards if they download the bank’s dedicated app. READ MORE: Premium Bonds saver wins four times in last six months People must be aged 18 or over and resident in the UK in order to apply for this account. It also offers the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS) to provide peace of mind for savers. This means all eligible deposits are covered up to the value of £85,000 per person. Similarly, Virgin Money states it is “all over” online transactions for security purposes, and to make sure the owner of the account is really making them. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The provider touched further upon eligibility, explaining: “From February 18, 2022, you are only able to open one of these accounts in your own name. “Accounts opened in your own name after this date that take you over this maximum number will have to be closed.” With the flexibility of saving in this way, Virgin Money states people can feel comfortable their money is “working hard”. In-credit interest on a current account and linked savings account can help people keep an eye on their cash and watch it grow. Furthermore, savers can also set a specific goal, create a Savings Pot for it, and transfer money into it when they can. Individuals can apply for this account using Virgin Money’s app, or by starting an application through the bank’s website.