With energy bills on the rise and tumble dryers being one of the most expensive household appliances to run, drying clothes when it is cold outside is hard. Placing clothing on radiators can work if you have your heating on, but this may then block heat circulating the room. In a bid to help the nation, Lynsey Crombie, who has nearly 300,000 followers on Instagram, appeared on ITV’s This Morning to share the cheapest way to dry clothing. The cleaning expert said: “Dehumidifiers are becoming more and more popular at the moment and people are actually using them. “Rather than for condensation on the windows, people are bringing them in and using them to dry their clothes this time of year, which is a great idea. “We’ve got a really small one here but you can get bigger ones. Obviously, the more you spend, the more you’re going to save in the long run. “So, these will take t-shirts, shirts and dresses around four hours to dry in a room that is closed off. READ MORE: Ronan Keating’s quiet life in affluent Hertfordshire town “The dehumidifier will dry the air and take the moisture away. They will cost around 7p to 16p an hour, depending on the wattage, depending on the size.” The expert also recommended the DriBUDDI heated airer to help dry clothes, which could cost up to 30p an hour to use, depending on the model and tariff you are on. Of course, using a standard airer to dry clothes is the cheapest, but without the heating on, clothing may take days to dry. Letting clothing stay out for long periods of time can cause the laundry to smell damp, and even grow mould on it. DON'T MISS:‘Do’s and don’ts’ of caring for bathroom houseplants [EXPERT]Steps to spray paint kitchen cupboards and get a ‘professional’ finish [COMMENT]Pest expert shares four methods to ‘deter’ rats from nesting outside [INSIGHT] If they do smell damp or grow mould, this will mean Britons will have to rewash their clothing, spending more money on energy when using the washing machine. Using a dehumidifier is the cheapest way to dry clothing with some help, although the initial investment of a dehumidifier can be expensive. What’s more, they can also help to prevent damp and mould from growing inside the home which is a common problem in the winter. Argos have a huge range of them for sale, ranging from £50 to £399, but the majority of them are out of stock at the moment, showing how popular they are. READ MORE: Common mistakes you could be making when doing laundry Deyan Dimitrov, CEO of Laundryheap, explained: “Since this process uses dry air rather than heat to dry your washing, your laundry will end up feeling softer and smelling more fresh, as dehumidifiers prevent damp and musty odours from clinging to your clothes.” Britons will have to look after their dehumidifiers though, to make sure they are working effectively. Ivan Ivanov, spokesperson for End of Tenancy London, said: “The filter purifies the air coming out of the unit, however, filters clog up fast — especially if you have a pet-loving home. “Remove the filter from the unit and use a vacuum cleaner to suck up the remaining dust. “It is recommended to clean your dehumidifier every other week if the device is used regularly, if not, a monthly clean will be suitable.” When cleaning the filter, also give the exterior of the device a wipe over too as there may be some collected dust. Britons should also keep an eye on the water reservoir which will need to be emptied regularly if using the device every day. Ivan said: “This will need to be removed and emptied as the moisture caught in the air will deposit leftover liquid into the plastic reservoir. This must be emptied with every cleaning session.”