Russian mercenary fighters have claimed they have found the body of one of the two British aid volunteers that went missing in Ukraine. The head of the Wagner Group said his forces had found a body but did not state the volunteers names. Documents belonging to both men were found on the person of the dead man. Photos of their passports and the personal possessions of the other volunteers were also posted online. The Ask Wagner hotline allegedly received a request to find the two missing volunteers on January 8 and on Wednesday the documents were discovered, according to outlet ELINT News. A spokesperson for the Foreign Office said they are "supporting the families of two British men who have gone missing in Ukraine". They added: "We are aware of recent reports and are in touch with the Ukrainian authorities."    Christopher Parry, 28, and Andrew Bagshaw, 48, were last seen on Friday as they were heading to Soledar, a city that was then partially captured by the Wagner Group over the weekend and into this week. The area in eastern Ukraine, in Donetsk, has been the centre of some of the most vicious fighting on the frontline since the summer. But in recent weeks, the attacks have intensified as Yevgeny Prigozhin, the Russian mercenary group leader, sought to make his first significant territorial gain around Bakhmut. The Ukrainian police on Monday said they were looking for the two missing volunteers and that an investigation had been launched.    The small city of Soledar has become the target for Prigozhin and his mercenary fighters as they try to show the Kremlin that they are the only outfit capable of achieving territorial gains on the frontline. It appears to hold little strategic value short of making an easier advance on the cities of Kramatorsk and Slovyansk further north, and both have been heavily fortified by Ukrainian forces as the fighting in Soledar and Bakhmut has slowly dragged on. And as Prigozhin claimed his fighters on Wednesday had taken full control of the city, the Russian defence ministry appeared to contradict the controversial oligarch's claims about their sole takeover. Spokesman Igor Konashenkov said in the military's daily update that the Russian Airborne Forces had “carried out strikes on enemy strongholds”. READ NEXT: Putin ally Yevgeny Prigozhin vying for control over Ukrainian mines [REVEAL]   He said: “Soledar has been blockaded from the north and the south by units of the Russian Airborne Forces. “The Russian Air Force is carrying out strikes on enemy strongholds. Assault troops are taking part in battles inside the town.” He made no mention of Wagner Group forces. On Tuesday, the British Ministry of Defence suggested both Wagner Group fighters and the Russian military were engaged in fighting. In their daily update on Twitter, they wrote: “In the last four days, Russian and Wagner forces have made tactical advances into the small Donbas town of Soledar and are likely in control of most of the settlement.” DON'T MISS: Kremlin’s lack of equipment blamed for struggles in Bakhmut [REPORT] Wagner mercenaries call Russian MoD's Chief of Staff 'piece of s**t'  [REVEAL] Army poised to send 'game-changing' tanks to Ukraine to smash Russia [REPORT]  Military experts have suggested that Bakhmut and Soledar, six miles to the northeast, have now become effectively a stage for various Russian fighting groups to prove their worth to the Kremlin. Wagner Group forces, under Prigozhin, are not subject to the traditional chain of command to which the Russian Armed Forces abide. Nonetheless, the fighting in the region has been vicious, with reports suggesting Wagner Group fighters have been advancing over the dead bodies of their comrades. READ NEXT: Ukraine ridicules Russian soldiers as Soledar salt won’t 'heal wounds'Russian cosmonauts left stranded on ISS as spacecraft breaks downPutin faces huge rift as Wagner chiefs dispute Russian claimsBrexit Britain signs defence pact with Japan against China threatPutin's hopes of Belarus war boost futile as Minsk’s army poor  