Amid claims that Harry and William asked their father not to marry Camilla, the 38-year-old recalls the time that his stepmother turned his bedroom into her own personal dressing room. As soon as he moved out, Harry claims that Camilla made the change in his bedroom in the London royal residence, Clarence House. According to PageSix, Harry wrote in his memoir: "I tried not to care. But especially the first time I saw it, I cared." Following Harry's claim, it has been revealed that a similar claim was made in royal author Tina Brown's book, The Palace Papers. In her book, Ms Brown wrote that it was Harry's old bedroom at the royal residence, King Charles III's country home, Highgrove House. She reported that a bedroom makeover was done at Highgrove, turning his bedroom into a closet. READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘mauls’ Suits co-star in sex scene Prince Harry regrets watching Speaking of not wanting his father to marry Camilla, Harry wrote: "I remember wondering... if [Camilla] would be cruel to me. "If she would be like the evil stepmothers in the stories." Speaking of his elder brother, Harry added that William had been "suspicious of the other woman for a long time". King Charles III had had an affair with Camilla during his marriage to their mother, the late Princess Diana. DON'T MISS Prince Harry and Meghan 'hurt' as new Netflix show flops [LATEST]Prince Harry 'wrong' to claim Charles 'not willing' to heal rift [REVEAL]Meghan and Harry urged to ditch anger and self-pity  [SPOTLIGHT] He claimed that William's suspicion led him to feel "confused" and it "tormented him". He added that he felt "remorse" for having not done, or said, anything. Prince Harry's memoir will be available from Tuesday, although copies were spotted on sale in Spain on Thursday. The bombshell was first revealed back in July 2021, with original release scheduled for late 2022. No official release date was ever announced but towards the end of 2022, Penguin Random House, the chosen publisher of Spare, revealed the release date as January 10, 2023. Alongside the release, Harry is set to appear in two interviews, both airing on Sunday. One interview will be broadcast on ITV and the other on 60 Minutes, a US show on CBS.