Based on the internationally popular video game of the same name, The Last of Us sees smuggler Joel (played by Pedro Pascal) on a mission to get teenager Ellie (Bella Ramsey) safely across the country. Years after the apocalypse and the deadly virus outbreak, Ellie could be civilisation's last chance of being restored. Express.co.uk has all there is to know to watch the latest from The Last of Us. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Last of Us. The Last of Us made its TV debut on Sunday, January 15, on HBO in the USA. Since then, the schedule sees a new instalment come out in the same time slot so viewers can expect episode three to air on Sunday, January 29, at 6pm PT (Pacific Time Zone). If you're living on the east coast of America though, then The Last of Us will be ready to watch from 9pm ET (Eastern Time Zone). While the time difference does make it more difficult for UK fans to watch, it is still possible. READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star The Last of Us is simulcast in the UK every Monday at 2am BST (British Summer Time) on Sky Atlantic. The same episode will then be repeated on the same channel at 9pm on Monday, January 30. But there is no need to worry if you're unable to watch the drama unfold as it airs live at either 2am or 9pm. The Last of Us episodes will be dropped on Sky's streaming service NOW shortly after its 2am showing so viewers can watch the show at any time. In episode two Infected, when Joel, Ellie and Tess (Anna Torv) reach the State House where the Fireflies were supposed to take the youngster off their hands, they find they are all dead. They assume one of them was bitten and began spreading the infection to their other comrades, resulting in all of their deaths. This isn't the worst of the news either as Tess comes clean to Joel, telling him she had also been bitten, although it wasn't made clear when this happened. She can no longer go on with their mission but pleads for Joel not to stop. DON'T MISS...Linda Bassett's age explained as she takes Call the Midwife spotlight [AGE]Titans fans vow to cancel HBO Max subscriptions as Titans axed  [CANCELLED]Bella Ramsey admits to 'cheating' during emotional Last of Us scenes [CAST] Tess explains he can take Ellie to Bill (Nick Offerman) and Frank (Murray Bartlett) who had been frequently mentioned in the first two episodes. It is thought that they are smugglers who have worked with Joel and Tess on previous jobs. While he is reluctant to do so, he eventually agrees, knowing this is her final wish. Joel and Ellie head off to continue their journey, leaving Tess behind to do her last bit to stop the infection spreading even more. Eager to not turn into a monster and to ensure those infected inside are killed, Tess blows up the State House. She pours out barrels of oil and chucks the Fireflies' grenades onto the floor before setting it alight with her inside. This is the last time viewers will see Tess but there is still a lot more to come as Joel and Ellie pick up from where they left off. The Last of Us airs every Sunday on HBO in the USA AND every Monday on Sky Atlantic.