Russia  has launched a new wave of attacks on Ukraine, as 12 people were killed when a nine storey block of flats was hit in the city of Dnipro. Vladimir Putin is also known to be targeting the country's energy infrastructure.  Rescue teams worked through the night in freezing temperatures to search for survivors. Local officials insisted that there were still people alive under the wreckage. In a social media video Mikhailo Lysenko, deputy mayor of Dnipro said that survivors could be heard screaming underneath the rubble. He said: "They keep sending SMS-es.  "We stop our work now and then to keep silence and we hear people scream from underneath the rubble." Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said the death toll in the Dnipro attack was likely to rise. He also called for more help from allies to supply more weapons to end "Russian terror" as well as attacks on civilians. Mr Zelensky added that the second to ninth floors of the building's damaged section had collapsed.  READ MORE: Filmmaker needed police escort to meet US's most inbred family U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Bridget Brink said the attack on Dnipro was "horrifying" and pledged that more would be done by Washington and its allies to help Ukraine. She said: "More security assistance is coming to help Ukraine defend itself." Deputy Head of President Zelensky's office Kyrylo Tymoshenko said that 37 people had been rescued from the building and 64 were injured. Images posted on Dnipro Mayor Borys Filatov's Telegram account showed residents with no specialist equipment removing what remained of a wrecked car.  DON'T MISS:Gas pipeline explodes near Russian border as villagers flee [REVEAL] Ukraine commander warns Belarusian troops 'invade and you die' [INSIGHT] Sunak donates 14 tanks to Ukraine to bolster war effort [SPOTLIGHT]  They were also seen searching through rubble against a background of a large pile of metal and concrete. Wounded people were pictured being carried away on stretchers. Critical infrastructure in Kyiv and elsewhere was also hit, with Ukrainian energy minister German Galushchenko admitting that the coming days would be "difficult." 