Toto Wolff has claimed Mercedes could ditch Mick Schumacher despite just signing the former Haas star. The Mercedes team principal suggested the team would be prepared to “let him go” if an offer from another team comes in. The comments could be a blow to any hopes of Schumacher being considered for a race seat at the Silver Arrows to emulate his father Michael. Wolff drew comparisons with Mercedes' former reserve driver Nyck de Vries who sat on the sidelines during his tenure at the team. The Dutchman got behind the wheel of s Mercedes in some practice sessions but was not able to elevate himself into a full-time drive alongside Lewis Hamilton. Speaking to Dutch publication Formule 1, Wolff said: "I believe that if we can provide him with a safe environment to develop further, he can be a good driver in a full-time seat in the future. "We had to let Nyck go in the same way for him to have a career, now that could also happen with Mick. Whether it's with our team or whether we have to let him go, we don't know yet." READ MORE: Every word Mick Schumacher has said about dad Michael's health Schumacher was ditched by Haas ahead of the final race of the season after failing to impress team boss Guenther Steiner. The 23-year-old had picked up points finishes in 2022 and regularly beat team-mate Kevin Magnussen. But, a string of accidents appears to have led to his downfall with Steiner critical of the expense he had cost the team in repairs. The former F2 champion was replaced by experienced F1 driver Nico Hulkenberg for 2023. Despite the falling out between the pair, Steiner was still confident Schumacher could bring something to the table at a top team. He commented: “He will contribute enormously. DON'T MISSGerman F1 fans told they should be 'ashamed' with post-Schumacher era [COMMENT]Mick Schumacher sends touching message to dad Michael  [INSIGHT]Schumacher tipped to replace Hamilton with favour from Russell [ANALYSIS] "He has already driven the new cars and has been in Formula One for two years. He will be super helpful in the simulator and in making judgements about the car. It will be good to have him at the track and in the debriefs." Schumacher admitted he was “thrilled” to be part of the Mercedes squad after making the announcement. He added: “I take this as a new start, and I am just excited and grateful to Toto and everybody involved for putting their trust in me. “F1 is such a fascinating world, and you never stop learning, so I look forward to absorbing more knowledge and putting in all my efforts for the benefit of the Mercedes team."