The ITV soap, which usually airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm, has had a schedule shake-up in the last couple of days. The soap was shown last night on Sunday, January 8 at 8pm and will not air tonight, being replaced with the FA Cup match between Arsenal and Oxford. This is the second time that Coronation Street, as well as Emmerdale, has been affected by the FA Cup matches. On Friday, January 6, Emmerdale was shown at an earlier time of 7pm and was followed with the coverage of the sport. As the match began at 7:30pm, this meant that Coronation Street was taken off the air altogether, and aired the following Sunday. Viewers will have to wait until Wednesday, January 11 for the next instalment of the soap. READ MORE: Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry During the latest episode, Max Turner (played by Paddy Beaver) finally came to his senses regarding Griff Reynolds' (Michael Condron) true intentions. The police questioned the youngster about his involvement with Griff's gang but released him without any charge. Back at the house, David Platt (Jack P Shepherd) is shocked when Gail Platt (Helen Worth) refuses to support Max. Daryan Zahawi (Twana Omer) told David he tried to speak to Max but could hear him arguing with a man inside the house. David rushes to the house and a fight breaks out between him and Griff, with David possibly putting himself and Max in more danger. Elsewhere, Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor) was stunned when she realised that Spider Nugent (Martin Hancock) had discharged himself from hospital after being attacked by Griff. He admits that he is determined to help the police find Griff and bring him to justice. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry swipes at ITV just minutes into interview with Tom Bradby [INSIGHT]Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ Neil is working with Tommy Lee Royce  [WATCH]Emmerdale exit for Dawn Taylor as she lands new role  [LATEST] Meanwhile, Summer Spellman (Harriet Bibby) revealed to her three dads that she had an appointment at the fertility clinic, with Billy Mayhew (Daniel Brocklebank) assuring her that he wasn't going to stand in her way anymore. Todd Grimshaw (Gareth Pierce) and Paul Foreman (Peter Ash) were determined to find out more about Esther (Vanessa Hehir) and Mike Hargrave (Tom Lorcan). Paul suggested to Todd that the best plan of action might be to raise the money to pay Mike and Esther off in the hope they’ll leave Summer alone. Have Paul and Todd gotten into more trouble, possibly putting Summer at even more risk? Jacob Hay (Jack James Ryan) has also been trying to keep himself from being dragged down by his father, Damon Hay (Ciaran Griffiths). In the bistro, Damon introduced Leanne to Dan, a fruit and veg supplier and told her he can do her a far better deal. Jacob was left suspicious when Damon told him that Dan’s first delivery is due this afternoon and hidden in the crate of olive oil will be a package containing drugs. The teen has only just managed to turn his life around, but will he turn on his dad and break any future relationship with him? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.