Jamie Lee Curtis, 64, sparked concern this week when she shared a picture of her office, with attention being drawn to a framed photo of a naked child on her wall. The Hollywood actress has since deleted the post and issued a statement on Instagram, apologising for "upsetting" her fans. Jamie took to Instagram to share a short statement with no caption in view of her 4.8 million followers. It read: "Last week I posted a picture of some chairs that included a photograph on the wall by an artist that was gifted to me 20 years ago. "I understand it has disturbed some people. As I have said, I am a truth-teller so here's the truth. "It's a picture of a child, taken by her mother, of her playing in their backyard in a tub of water. READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss "Nothing more, nothing less. I took down the post because I didn't want to keep something up that upset anyone." In the said original post, Jamie told a story about her "beautiful Pollack chairs" that were the centre of the said photo. The post read: "Ok. This is a weird post. But I have Covid, so f*ck it. "During one of the SAG nomination panels for @everythingeverywheremovie I told the story of how I ended up with my office furnished with my beautiful Pollack chairs from that movie." However, many social media users were distracted by the framed photo of a naked child on her wall, taking to Twitter to share their concern. DC_Draino said: "5 days ago Hollywood's Jamie Lee Curtis posted a vaccine ad for Pfizer on Instagram. "3 days ago she posted an extremely disturbing picture she had in her home of a child stuffed in a suitcase. We have serious questions." Samanthamarika1 added: "Out of ALL the paintings in your house to have... why does Jamie Lee Curtis have this. Maybe someone can enlighten me on this 'art'?" Jamie also shared her statement in response on her official Twitter page, with many social media users sharing their support for the Hollywood star. DON'T MISS... Lisa Marie Presley's Golden Globes interviewer on 'off' conversation [COMMENT] Jennifer Lopez exposes all in sheer dress before outfit change [PICS] Ageless Jane Fonda exercises in tracksuit after positive cancer update [HOLLYWOOD] HexedEmpress said: "It's a shame you felt the need to take down a gift from a friend due to others' own negative perception.  Allan_Straarup added: "Unfortunately some people deliberately look for things to be upset about. "If it wasn't that picture they would have found something else to be upset about. "All they have in their meaningless little lives is trying to make others feel bad." While JoshMurphyy commented: "You can say what you want. But having a naked kid hanging in your office is extremely strange. "And photographing your children naked to sell the pictures is even more messed up." In other news, Jamie has been promoting her latest venture, Everything Everywhere All At Once, with the film doing well at recent award ceremonies.