Lorraine Kelly was joined by royal expert Russell Myers on Friday’s episode of her self-titled ITV show. The pair went into detail about the latest quotes which have been released from Prince Harry’s memoir with the host cringing as Russell read out extracts. Russell remarked: “It even goes into detail about his being circumcised… frostbite on his private parts.” Shaking her finger at Russell, Lorraine exclaimed: “Don’t need to know that thank you! Don’t need to know about Prince Harry’s willy.” “Moving on swiftly to Wills being a bit tipsy the morning after his wedding, saying you could smell the rum on his breath as they were making their way to the wedding,” Russell continued. “And even losing his virginity aged 17 in a field. I would just give you some of the feast we have in front of us on this. READ MORE: Denise Welsh erupts over claims Harry trashing royals 'for money' “Some of the shocking quotes are from Harry, in his own words, losing his virginity was a ‘humiliating episode with an older woman who liked macho horses and treated me like a young stallion.’” Laughing, Lorraine teased: “Oh stop it! I can’t handle it. Please stop.” However Russell continued reading: “I must go on. I mounted her quickly, one of my many mistakes was letting it happen in a field behind a very busy pub, no doubt somebody had seen us.” Lorraine was open mouthed as she cringed: “Oh my God.” The royal expert continued: “I mean, you talk about the headlines that the Royal Family are waking up to. I can, this is absolutely breathtaking.” Lorraine sighed: “My toes may never uncurl again.” Harry’s comments about his virginity are just one of the many revelations to emerge from his memoir. Meanwhile, in a new clip from the Duke of Sussex’s chat with Tom Bradby, he recalls seeing “red mist” from his brother William. DON'T MISS...‘Furious’ William could ‘ban Harry from Charles’s coronation’  [LATEST]Harry 'smacked over head with a Bible' for being 'naughty' at school [INSIGHT]James Hewitt? No, I think we can all see Harry's lineage [LATEST] Recounting an alleged altercation with the Prince of Wales, Harry said: “What was different here was the level of frustration, and I talk about the red mist that I had for so many years, and I saw this red mist in him. “He wanted me to hit him back, but I chose not to.” Harry also went into detail of taking drugs and whether he can reconcile with his family. “There’s a fair amount of drugs,” Tom remarked. “Marajuana, magic mushrooms, cocaine. I mean, that’s going to surprise people.”  Harry replied: “But, important to acknowledge.” He later added: “I want reconciliation. But, first, there needs to be some accountability. “The truth, supposedly, at the moment, has been there’s only one side of the story, right? But, there’s two sides to every story.” Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV at 9am.