The scandal has led to her dismissal from the  La Vergne police department in the US state of Tennessee. Sergeant Lewis Powell, Officer Juan Lugo, Sergeant Ty McGowan and Detective Seneca Shields were also fired. Shields told officials Hall performed oral sex on him while they were on duty inside the police gym - before returning to their desks to continue their workday. Two other officers who allegedly had trysts with Hall — Patrick Magliocco and Larry Holladay — kept their jobs but wound up suspended, according to the reports. READ MORE: Police officer sentenced to 100 years in jail after wife laced cupcakes with his semen   According to a report on the explosive investigation, the Mayor called the police department's HR and, citing an unnamed source, unveiled details of what the officers were accused of. Mayor Cole initially received a tip that Hall was sleeping with several fellow cops. He told investigators that Hall had told him about Powell’s “big” penis, and claimed she had performed a sex act on him while the pair were on the clock, according to a December 28 internal report. Magliocco also said he had seen Hall and Holladay kiss while watching football at a party, and said Hall had kissed his own wife, according to the document.  The other sexual exploits allegedly took place at hotels and parties at other officers’ houses and on a boat, it said. One of the male officers involved in the investigation also reported serious concerns about the female officer's mental health. The officer alleged Hall had once pulled the trigger on an empty gun pointed at her temple “so she could hear what it sounded like” and said she was suffering from mental illness. The terminated officers are patrol officer Maegan Hall, patrol officer Juan Lugo-Perez, Sgt. Henry Ty McGowan, Sgt. Lewis Powell and detective Seneca Shields.  DON'T MISS:One dead and four injured after shooting outside club [REPORT]Man found alive after two days 'at bottom of sea' [INSIGHT]Idaho murder suspect's social media posts show lack of empathy [LATEST] In a statement, Mayor Cole said: "This situation is unacceptable and as soon as it was brought to our attention it was immediately investigated and action was taken upon the individuals involved. "Our top priority moving forward will include rebuilding the public’s trust. I have full confidence in the police department’s leadership team and their ability to lead the department. "We will be retraining all of our employees in the rules, regulations, and expectations set forth by city leadership."    "This situation is being addressed internally with our staff, we are bringing in counsellors to help our officers work through these circumstances, and we will continue to provide the most professional protection as possible for this community. "We have sufficient staff to cover all of our patrol shifts and I have full confidence in our officer’s ability to protect and serve. We are working diligently to rebuild the trust of our citizens and our community. "We understand this will take time and diligence from our command staff and officers to repair the honor and integrity of our department."   