Meghan Markle could release a memoir to jumpstart her political career, according to a Hollywood agent, as reports suggests a book is in the pipeline. The Duchess, a Democrat, is friends with big names in left leaning American politics, including the Obamas. The 41-year-old has also long-been tipped for a future career in politics, with exclusive Express.co.uk polling in November suggesting she would be a popular choice for presidency. Memoirs preceding political ambitions are a longstanding American tradition with recent presidents Donald Trump and Barack Obama both releasing autobiographies well before taking a chance at the top office. Meghan has been outspoken on several issues, such as women's rights and voting. Joe Biden's sister, Valerie Biden Owens, even told Good Morning Britain the Duchess would make a good candidate for President. "If she's harbouring political ambitions it would make even more sense," an unnamed Hollywood agent told The Mail on Sunday amid reports of an planned autobiography by the Duchess. The source added that they would "be surprised" if Meghan didn't publish her "equally compelling" story following Prince Harry's book, set for release this month.  Another source told OK magazine that Meghan's memoir was "already quietly underway" and that the book would "leave no stone unturned". Harry's memoir, Spare, is set to be released on January 10, and is promised to written with "raw, unflinching honesty". The book is set to cause more debate and bring all eyes on the Sussexes just one month after the couple released their Netflix docuseries. Harry & Meghan was released in two parts on December 8 and 15 - with each made up of three episodes. In the docuseries - which racked up more than 81 million viewing hours in just four days after its release - Harry claimed his brother William "screamed and shouted" at him at a January 2020 Sandringham summit with the late Queen and then-Prince Charles. READ MORE: King's first New Year Honours List in full including Brian May  Meghan and Harry also detailed their meeting, subsequent relationship and marriage, as well as their difficulty adjusting to royal life. The show sparked conversation among royal watchers around the world and set a Netflix record for viewership of a documentary title, according to the streaming service. In 2020, the Sussexes stepped down as working royals and moved to Montecito, California where they reside with their two children Archie, three, and Lilibet, one. Last month, Meghan and Prince Harry received an award from the Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights non-profit organisation. The organisation is led by Kerry Kennedy, niece of former US president John F. Kennedy. 