But the group I actually feel most sorry for in all of this are the kids who have already had to cope with much more than they should have during the pandemic. Those children might initially be jumping for joy at the idea of getting a day off this Wednesday. But if school-strikes become a regular fixture, like the industrial action on the railways, one thing’s for sure - there is going to be a tsunami of homework coming their way. More homework!? What good did that ever do anyone? It’s nothing more than a punishment. I’m not going to beat around the bush on this. If I was in charge of the Department of Education, I’d get out my red pen and just ban it from tomorrow. Like death duty, I’ve always seen it as a vile and unfair penalty. It just disrupts and spoils family life. And if as a student you think it’s a useless inconvenience then wait until you become a parent. I still have nightmares about the work I had to do once I’d gone back home and through the front door as a schoolkid in Belfast. At Grammar school I had nine subjects a day and was often set eight pieces of homework per night, only saved from the full nine because we had a double period in there. All that after a 7am alarm call, which, following games and after school activities, meant the school day lasted up to 6pm. That's 11 hours! It used to make me so miserable. And in my day the penalty for not coming good with your homework was a detention if you were lucky, and a leather strap across your hands if you weren’t. Maybe that's just one of the reasons I don't give the practice a gold star.  This and the fact we didn't have access to a record button on the TV which meant I missed some of the greatest TV programmes ever of an evening like Star Trek, Charlie's Angels, The Sweeney, The Champions and The Avengers. I know many of you will be reading this thinking that Eamonn has gone a bit soft. I haven’t. I understand the value of education and am fully supportive of that. However, I think homework is a Victorian legacy which should only be referred to in history classes. Assuming children have put in the graft during the day, I think they should be allowed some ME time once they get home. Many are too tired to do anymore, and so are the majority of parents. Like many of you, over the years, I’ve juggled working with helping my four children do their homework. I never felt it helped create a greater bond between us over that time. In fact, as a parent all it does is put strain on the relationship. We're now seeing a strain between teachers and the Government, and whatever your views on the strikes I think we can all agree there is a sense of sadness at how this industrial action has now arrived at the school gates. I had some amazing role model teachers over 14 years in the classroom. Even today I still absorb information and learn from what they taught me. I do it out of interest and enthusiasm and will be forever grateful to those teachers who challenged my thinking, expanded my mind, my world, and truly made me into the man I am today. EAMONN HOLMES PRESENTS BREAKFAST ON GB NEWS, MON-THURSDAY FROM 6AM. 