Chelsea under co-owner Todd Boehly have not been afraid to splash the cash and continued their big summer spend into January, as several new faces have joined Graham Potter’s squad this month. After spending over £250million in Boehly’s first window in charge, David Datro Fofana, Benoit Badiashile and Andrey Santos have all officially joined the club in January. The Blues also agreed for RB Leipzig’s Christopher Nkunku to move to Stamford Bridge at the end of the season, and are close to confirming a loan deal to bring Joao Felix to the club from Atletico Madrid to bolster Potter’s attacking options. Benfica’s World Cup star Enzo Fernandez has been strongly linked with a move to the club, while Boehly and co may not be finished improving the quality in attack after Felix’s addition, as Chelsea have struggled in front of goal so far this season. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano has claimed that Chelsea “appreciate” PSV’s England under-21 winger Noni Madueke and the Eredivisie club have set a £31m price tag for the talented starlet. However, he stated that the Blues are aware that following Cody Gakpo’s transfer to Liverpool this month for a fee that could rise to £50m, PSV are not looking to sell any more of their stars in January. This would hamper any plans from Chelsea to step up interest in Madueke and attempt to bring him to Stamford Bridge this month, as the club are unlikely to entertain offers until the summer unless they go past the club’s valuation of the 20-year-old. He may be seen as an alternative to Mykhaylo Mudryk, who Chelsea are hoping to gazump Arsenal to the signing of. The Gunners have had two bids of £53m and £63m rejected by Shakhtar Donetsk, though remain frontrunners to sign the 22-year-old despite Chelsea’s interest. The Ukrainian club are hoping to receive a fee closer to the one that brought Jack Grealish to Manchester City in 2021, though the Blues are yet to make a formal offer. DON'T MISSArsenal can target three other Barcelona players after Eric GarciaChelsea could sign Joao Felix permanently as possible swap presents itselfRonaldo's girlfriend has strict Saudi rules to follow with ban on public eating Felix is set to join the club, but both Mudryk and Madueke are of a different profile to the Portugal forward, perhaps indicating that Chelsea are hoping for another addition along their frontline. Only Raheem Sterling and Kai Havertz have scored more than three goals in all competitions so far this campaign for Chelsea, who are currently sitting tenth in the Premier League and have crashed out of both domestic cups. Boss Potter has come under significant pressure following recent back-to-back defeats to Manchester City, as Thomas Tuchel’s name was sung by supporters in their most recent loss and there have been calls for the ex-Brighton man to be the second casualty under Boehly and lose his job.