Lewis Hamilton is chasing a mega-money Mercedes deal that would maintain his association with the team until the age of 50, according to reports. The Brit supposedly wants a lengthy ambassadorial role following his retirement from F1, which may still be some way away based on current indications. Hamilton, who sits alongside the legendary Michael Schumacher with seven world titles, has plenty of incentive to press on in the sport and separate himself from the pack at the top of the all-time list. He almost did so in 2021 before losing a nail-biting season finale to Max Verstappen, who continued his success with another triumph last year. Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff has not shied away from the notion that Hamilton wants to extend his stay with Mercedes, despite having recently turned 38. The terms of a prospective deal could give the F1 veteran a lucrative send-off, with reports indicating a total outlay of £350million is being pursued. According to French publication Sportune, Hamilton's camp are keen to secure a two-year deal worth £125m to continue as a Silver Arrows driver, followed by a further decade in an ambassadorial role with Mercedes-Benz, worth a total of around £222m. DON'T MISS: Sir Jackie Stewart has George Russell and Lando Norris wish over Lewis Hamilton Hamilton endured a frustrating 2022 campaign, finishing sixth in the standings, two places behind new team-mate George Russell. Mercedes generally struggled to adapt to a season of new design regulations with Red Bull and Verstappen romping to convincing victories on both the team and individual fronts. The Silver Arrows will hope that their car for the forthcoming season, the W14, will be a significant improvement on what they put together last year, which lacked in pace compared to competitors and put their driver duo through significant discomfort due to porpoising. The W14 is due to be launched on February 16 with pre-season set to get underway the following week and the first Grand Prix of the new campaign scheduled for early March. Wolff recently spoke out on the issue of Hamilton's contract and insisted that progress should be made once the seven-time champ is back from his travels and ready to 'wrestle'. "As for contract discussions, we have a full year to go," said the Austrian. "We are so aligned - in the last 10 years our relationship has grown. It's just a matter of him physically being back in Europe, sticking our heads together, wrestling a bit, and then leaving the room with white smoke after a few hours."  Wolff also spoke on the FIA's new stance, which will prevent drivers from using their platform in F1 to make political statements unless they have written permission. Hamilton has previously taken a stand against human rights issues, racial equality and LGBTQ+ rights. "We haven't talked about the political situation because he's in his off-season and I think it's important to shield yourself from F1," added Wolff. "This is what I'm very much doing, helping to shield. Once he's back, these things will certainly be discussed with a positive mindset."