Wednesday Addams (played by Jenna Ortega) and Enid Sinclair (Emma Myers) developed an adorable love-hate relationship in the first season of Netflix’s phenomenally successful new drama based on The Addams Family. A second season is already in the works, and Emma recently revealed how much she enjoyed acting alongside her co-star. Emma has shared a sweet tribute to her co-star Jenna following their time working on the first season of Wednesday. At the start of the series the two teens couldn’t be more different when the cynical Addams daughter is introduced to her bubbly new roommate. However, by the end of the first season, Wednesday has developed a reluctant affection for Enid after teaming up to solve the mystery of the creature known as the Hyde. When asked if she originally hoped to portray the show’s title character, Emma revealed auditioning for Wednesday was never an option for her. READ MORE: Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz “I’m not a good Wednesday,” she said. “Wednesday does not come to me naturally. Enid does.” In a recent episode of The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, Emma continued by singing the praises of her scream queen co-star. “I think Jenna did such a flawless job with Wednesday that, if I even tried, it would just be a disgrace,” she admitted. Despite not being able to imitate Jenna’s performance, Emma went on to admit she shares more of an affinity with Wednesday than her own character. “I am an optimist,” she shared. “But I think that one of the only things I have in common with Enid is that I’m an optimist. “I don’t like wearing colourful clothes. I’m not an extrovert. I’m an introvert.” Before landing her role in Netflix’s huge new series, Emma had seen the two Addams Family films from the 1990s but had no idea about its early beginnings. Once she had joined the cast, she brushed up on the original comic strips by Charles Addams and the subsequent TV series which aired in the 1960s. DON'T MISS:Carole Baskin’s husband still missing despite Tiger King rumours [LATEST]1000-lb Best Friends backlash as Meghan branded ‘horrible friend’ [REACTION]Abbott Elementary star’s body ‘crashed’ before Crohn’s diagnosis [INSIGHT] She also revealed she attended “werewolf bootcamp” with her on-screen siblings to prepare for her supernatural role. “In episode six the parents come, all the family comes [to Nevermore Academy],” she recalled. “There were four or five brothers. And they really had to get into the werewolf spirit. “And they asked me to come in and do, you know, werewolf bootcamp. I’ve never done so much parkour in my life!” “It was, like, running on the floor on all fours, jumping over things. We had these stunt guys pretending to be sheep and we had to crawl around them in a circle…” Emma’s dedication to the role clearly paid off, as her performance as Enid instantly emerged as a fan-favourite for the new series. Hopefully both Wednesday and Enid will be returning to Nevermore for season two, although the Addams might be more focused on exposing their daughter’s mysterious new stalker over the summer break. Wednesday season 1 is available to stream on Netflix.