Shoppers have praised B&M for its unbelievable post-Christmas bargains. A woman shared the news of duvet sets worth hundreds of pounds on sale at B&M stores for just £1. Some B&M shoppers have spotted the cheap duvet sets in stores, while others said they would like to be able to find and buy them. The Karina Bailey inspired bedding would usually set shoppers back a minimum of £30 per pack, but it is now available for just £1. A bargain hunter shared her find with others on the B&M Bargains, Extreme Money Saving Deals and More group on Facebook, where shoppers often post their money-saving finds. The customer wrote: “13 different style duvets, meant to cost £210, all scanned in at £1.” READ MORE: Kitty Spencer 'bans' scales at home - despite remarkable weight loss Another shopper also spotted the deal, writing: “Right place right time today for a bargain.” The post was inundated with B&M fans wanting to get their hands on the same deal. Kirsten Jane Hester said: “Fab bargain.” Tracy Barker agreed, commenting: “Love this.” Brittany Jadee wrote: “So jealous! I can never find a good bargain like this! Good on you.” DON'T MISS:Woman loses 3 stone after doctor's told her it would be 'impossible' [PICTURES]3 ‘outdated’ hairstyles women 40+ should avoid as 'they age you' [BEAUTY]Food storage hacks to keep bananas perfectly yellow & edible for 2wks [EXPERTS] Heather Monks commented: “Amazing bargain, we don’t have a B&M. My family live in Derbyshire and they get loads of bargains at B&M. Well done you being at right place at right time.” Julie Cole wrote: “Well done, I’m yet to find a bargain duvets – have managed other £1 stuff but would love to get a few of these ones.” Linda Dugmore said: “That’s a great bargain, love it.” Tina Murdoch-Radford added: “Wow what a find.” Lynnie Conlon shared bargain hunting advice with fellow B&M fans, saying: “I was told Wednesday was the best day to go.” READ MORE: 3 ‘outdated’ hairstyles women 40+ should avoid as 'they age you' In other B&M news, the retailer has shocked some customers as it has announced the sale of an Easter-themed product months ahead of Easter. Last month, on December 29, B&M shared a photo of a collection of white Creme Eggs on its Instagram page. The photo was accompanied by the caption: “Do we need to say anything in stores? Probably yes – Cadbury White Creme Egg, in-stores now – in December - for 49p each. “If you're still reading this... run to B&M before they're gone! Who fancies one?” The post was met with mixed opinions – some customers were disgusted by the launch of the Creme Eggs, while others were excited to try one of the chocolate treats. Lisa Evans wrote on Instagram: “This is wrong way too early. #stillcelebratingChristmas.” Instagram user @machinzoe wrote: “So wrong on all levels.” However, user @mood4fooduk wrote: “I’m dreaming of a white Crème Egg.” User @sarahs_sw_diary added: “Love them.” Some supermarkets have also started to sell Easter treats.