Here in Britain; a country where nurses and other key workers have to use food banks and where inflation has sent most ordinary workers’ pay backwards - just four people own more than the lowest earning 20 million among us. Sustainability is my thing, and we can’t have true sustainability without social justice. And it makes no actual economic sense. Living on the breadline is not just a hard existence, it takes away opportunity from tens of millions of people. That holds our society and our economy back - it's false economy. This week I joined hundreds of millionaires from all over the world in signing a letter calling on our political leaders to tackle the cost of extreme wealth by taxing the super rich. Wealthy people calling for higher taxes on themselves is counter intuitive, but it’s a smart and patriotic call. It’s smart to invest in a strong workforce, in healthcare and education, energy independence too. It's patriotic to want our country, and all the people in it, to succeed. That needs to be paid for and it’s the wealthiest that should contribute the most proportionally, not the least as they do now.. Simple really.  Research from the leading tax economist Arun Advani found that a small tax on those with more than £10 million could raise between up to £27 billion a year. More than enough to help kickstart our economy and invest in our public wealth. It’s not just millionaires who support raising taxes on the ultra-rich - people want it and economists all over the world agree. Patriotic Millionaires UK polled the UK public late last year and found over 70% of people want to see taxes rise on the ultra-rich. If millionaires recognise the need, the public want it, and economists vouch for it - what is stopping our politicians from taking action? On the flip side the idea of trickle-down wealth, the system we have now where low taxes for the rich are supposed to make everybody better off - is a decades-old fantasy. We need a fairer tax system; it just makes sense. For the good of the many, the few need to pay a fairer share. 