Prince Harry has been advised he must follow Prince Andrew's lead by "keeping a low profile" if he is to "revive his reputation" following a furious backlash to his bombshell claims against the Royal Family. The Duke of Sussex launched a number of stunning accusations directed at his own family in his book, Spare. Andrew has had to face allegations involving Virginia Giuffre, who claimed she was trafficked by Jeffrey Epstein. He settled her lawsuit in the US civil courts against him last year, accepting no liability, and has continued to vehemently deny any wrongdoing.  But in November 2019, the Duke of York appeared on a BBC Newsnight special where he spoke about his relationship with Epstein and allegations that had been made against him over his own conduct. Andrew has not publicly commented on this since. Harry has been further humiliated after a new poll showed Britons believe the Duke of Sussex has done more damage to the Royal Family than his 62-year-old uncle. Edward Coram-James, a PR, reputation management expert and CEO of Go Up, told Express.co.uk: "What can he do to revive his reputation? Keep his head down and push on with his vital issues based work. "If not given oxygen, even the most scandalous headlines die down eventually. Look at the allegations made against Prince Andrew. "Yet, by keeping a low profile, Prince Andrew has largely stayed out of the headlines and has been able to live a relatively quiet life. "The Sussexes saying that the headlines would have never gone away on their own is not accurate and is not reflected by the countless case studies, such as that of Prince Andrew, which say the opposite." Mr Coram-James highlighted some of the charitable and humanitarian work Harry and his wife Meghan Markle have concentrated on over the past few years, adding their "reputation will recover" if they continue raising awareness in these areas. He continued: "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are involved in some vital issues based work, and have been for years. READ MORE: Prince Harry warned against 'jeopardising his mother's legacy'  "Their work helping vulnerable women and communities, marginalised groups, the environment and wounded veterans are all laudable. "If the Sussexes take a period of quiet and crack on with raising awareness in these areas then, over time, their reputation will recover." Nile Gardiner, a Washington-based foreign policy expert and Royal Family commentator, claimed Harry and Meghan are now facing a vocal backlash from the British public. He told Express.co.uk: "Harry's book is a desperate and deeply cynical attack on the Royal Family which has clearly backfired in a massive way. The backlash has been absolutely spectacular. DON'T MISSPrince Harry 'looking for compassion' from father King Charles [COMMENTS]Meghan was met with ‘yawning silence’ after comment about royal event [REPORT]Harry's 4-book deal is 'shrouded in secrecy' as Spare hits record [LATEST] "Harry and Meghan will never be welcomed back to the UK and they are now complete pariahs there. "They have become the most unpopular couple in the modern history of the British monarchy. It is impossible to see how they can return to Britain." Earlier this week, Harry suffered an embarrassing blow that suggested Britons are now turning against the Duke of Sussex following the release of his memoir last week. Delta Poll quizzed 1,059 UK adults between January 12 and 16 - just days after the official global release of Spare, and a series of US television interviews he took part in to promote it. More than four in 10 (42 percent) of respondents said he has "done more damage to the Royal Family", compared to 41 percent for Prince Andrew. Tellingly among the older age groups, the figures were 56 percent to 32 percent for over-65s and 57 percent to 27 percent for those aged 55-64. But the Duke of Sussex was offered a glimmer of hope, with half of the participants aged 35-54 believing Andrew has caused more damaged to the Royal Family, compared to just 35 percent for his nephew Harry. The result was similar in the 18-24-year-old age category, 38 percent voting for Andrew versus to just over a fifth (22 percent) for Harry.