Chelsea and Tottenham transfer target Josko Gvardiol has hinted he'd prefer a move to Liverpool about revealing he supported the Reds as a youngster. The Croatian international, who is expected to leave RB Leipzig in the summer, is wanted by several European heavyweights. Chelsea are one of the frontrunners for the 20-year-old's signature, having come agonisingly close to sealing a deal for him back in the summer. Gvardiol was already one of the most sought-after centre-backs in Europe before the World Cup but the tournament in Qatar only enhanced his reputation. The defender put in a number of sterling performances to help Croatia finish third overall. Sport BILD claim Gvardiol, who is contracted at Leipzig until 2027, has a clause in his contract that could see teams pay £99m for him in the summer. However, they also claim a deal could be struck early for between £70m and £88m. A deal appears much likelier in the summer, though Chelsea and Tottenham will fear the worst with Gvardiol admitting he prefers one of their main rivals. MUST READ: Man Utd ace Marcus Rashford sends Frank Lampard message to Everton board in rare interview Asked what club a 10-year-old himself would want him to join now, he told Danas: “That would definitely be Liverpool. Since I was little, I watched a lot of Liverpool matches with my dad, and we covered every season in detail. It is a club that has remained in my heart.” Liverpool have not yet been credited with an interest in the Croatia international but given their eye for signing up young talent and a need to replace an ageing Joel Matip, Gvardiol could well enter their thinking in the future. And if he does, it'll be encouraging to know that he already has an affinity for the club. DON'T MISS Luis Suarez's new club unveiling puts Ronaldo to shame as ex-Barcelona ace gets one up Cristiano Ronaldo up to old tricks and heads for dressing room early during Al Nassr game What Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag was caught on camera doing straight after Everton win Chelsea, meanwhile, are expected to splash the cash this month and are considering a mega-money deal for Brighton's Mosies Caicedo after Enzo Fernandez's proposed £112m move from Benfica fell through. The Stamford Bridge outfit are also plotting to hijack Arsenal's move for hot-heeled winger Mykhaylo Mudryk. Arsenal have already had two bids turned down and it's been reported that Chelsea lodged their own offer of £70m for the Ukrainian, who is being priced nearer to the £100m mark by Shakhtar. However, Mudryk's agent, Oleksiy Alyokhin, has this week played down talk of a bid from Chelsea. Alyokhin said: "Mudryk is a Shakhtar player and the decision on his transfer will be made by the management of the Donetsk club. Mykhaylo is now preparing to go with Shakhtar to the collection. Trust only official information." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE