Tommy (played by James Norton) is currently plotting to meet up with his son Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah) and flee to Marbella. Ryan is currently hiding out at Daniel Cawood (Karl Davies) and Ann Gallagher's (Charlie Murphy) house. The teen was left feeling unwanted after Ann launched into a "brutal" speech about Tommy, leaving fans to question whether she had gone too far. After the news that Tommy was on the loose, Catherine warned her family they needed to get away from their houses to safety. Family friend Nevison Gallagher (George Costigan) suggested the family stay with him as his house was not a known location to Tommy. After the court hearing, Richard Cawood (Derek Riddell) took Ryan to his house, as this was another location that was unknown to Tommy. However, instead of staying with his grandson, he decided to attend an interview with Darius Knezevic (Alec Secareanu). READ MORE: Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show Richard left Ryan in the care of his wife Ros Cawood (Kelly Harrison) but left unimpressed she paid no attention to the young teen which left him sneaking out of the house. After leaving his family worried about his whereabouts, Ryan soon turned up at his uncle Daniel and Ann's house. Explaining why it was their house he decided to turn up at, Ryan said: "No one else wants me. I can sleep on the floor in my sleeping bag. "Get my stuff from Clare and Neil's, it won't take up much room," however Daniel interrupted: "You're staying at Nev's apparently. " The news left both Ryan and Ann confused, as Daniel continued: "Yeah, he's offered to put you all up." Ryan continued to ask the pair if after everything had settled if he could move in with them after Catherine had already kicked him out of the house. This left Ann fuming before she launched into a cruel rant at Ryan: "What makes you think you'd be any more welcome here than you are at home if you're choosing to go visiting that p***k?" Trying to defend his actions, Ryan began: "I get it's... complicated, but he's me dad so.." however this infuriated Ann further. DON'T MISS...3 big Emmerdale spoilers as lovers reunite and blackmail rocks village [INSIGHT]Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row [WATCH]Midsomer Murders will not be airing on ITV tonight after shakeup [LATEST] She continued: "Yeah? Is it? Shall I uncomplicate it for you? Shall I tell you what your dad did to me? Do you not want to hear that? "We're not talking about relationships Ryan. He's a psychopath. He's incapable of relationships. The only relationship he's got is with himself inside his crippled little head. "He's a psychopath. All love means to him is a weakness in other people that he can use to exploit them with. He forced her to have sex with him when all she wanted to do was go home. "He impregnated her to humiliate her, to belittle her, to degrade her, to terrify her. You weren't wanted. You were very big-time seriously not wanted. You were a headf**k for everyone concerned. "And that's exactly what that piece of s**t wanted. He's using you and you're letting him. He's using you for no other reason than to upset Catherine, to twist the knife because it amuses him. "He can't help it. But trust me, he does not give one shiny tiny f**k about you. He's incapable of it." Fans were left divided over the brutal monologue from Ann and took to their Twitter accounts to debate whether she was in the right. @DavidWa53158736 praised: "I love Ann, she's damaged but I like her! And Ryan needed to hear this. #HappyValley." Brian McLachlan agreed: "Finally. Someone has said it. Good work Ann Gallagher." Lucy Taylor commented: "I want to say shut up Ann, but I want her to keep going #happyvalley." However, some fans thought Ann had no right for the way she spoke to Ryan with @itsamy_xo exclaiming: "Ann, too far. stop. now. #HappyValley." @WelshKeeva expressed: "Finally some home truths! But that’s too far, Ann. #HappyValley." @nimnil said: "Ann was harsh and cruel, but she wasn't wrong. They've been tiptoeing around Tommy Lee Royce with Ryan and it didn't help anything." (sic) Happy Valley airs Sunday from 9pm on BBC One.