Seasoned war veterans have criticised Prince Harry's claim he had to reveal his Afghanistan kill count to aid his "healing". In his book Spare, the Prince claimed he killed 25 Taliban fighters while serving with the British Armed Forces, adding he disclosed the figures “for my own healing journey”. But high-profile serving and former soldiers have questioned his motives, raising concerns over what goal his disclosure hopes to serve. Speaking to The Sun, former soldier and SAS member Phil Campion, also known as 'Big Phil', wondered who the kill count was meant to help. He asked whether the figure was included to "sell books" or as a "cry for help" from the Prince. Mr Campion, a prominent campaigner for veteran mental health, said he couldn't see the need for the royal to shout it "at the top of his voice" and promote "his book with it". He branded the moves "unedifying", adding he had never met anyone who has "known or talked about their number of kills”. READ MORE: Kate looks downcast as she's seen for first time since Spare release His words echoed those of other servicemen, namely veteran Colonel Tim Collins. Colonel Collins told Forces news that serving soldiers do not "behave" or "think" that way. He criticised the Prince for having "badly let the side down", adding soldiers don't and "never did" carve "notches on the rifle butt". The royal's claims also reached Afghanistan, where the new Taliban government has condemned his part in the war and called for retribution. Mullah Abdullah, whose father died in a British airstrike in 2011, said Afghans would "ask the international community" to put Prince Harry on trial. And Afghan government member Anas Haqqani condemned his decision to refer to Taliban fighters as "chess pieces". Since the Prince's autobiography debuted on January 10, he has further discussed the response to his military admission. But he has primarily criticised reporting, suggesting claims that he "somehow boasted" about the people he killed were "very dangerous". Speaking to Stephen Colbear on the Late Show, he told the veteran chat show presenter he would be "angry" if he "heard anyone boasting about that". He said taking the words out of context was "very dangerous to my family". Experts and officials have warned that his decision to include the number may have been dangerous, even without "spin". Speaking after extracts of the book leaked earlier this month, Tobias Ellwood, the chairman of the Commons Defence Committee, raised concerns about the Invictus Games. He told Sky News the revelation was "ill-advised" and that the Prince's participation in his games, which have proven vital for veterans, could have "security implications". Royal Navy chief Admiral Lord West shared the senior backbencher's worries. He told the Sunday Mirror the Duke was "very stupid" for detailing his role in the Afghanistan war. Admiral Lord West said there could be "serious security issues" at the games, due to take place in Dusseldorf this year, given their direct ties to the Prince.