Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were like "a couple of teenagers" to work around, according to a member of the royal household quoted in an explosive new book. The account comes from journalist Valentine Low's book Courtiers: Intrigue, Ambition, and the Power Players Behind the House of Windsor, which was released last week. Low, who spoke to various insiders while writing the book, has also claimed that the couple were "stubborn" and "uncontrollable" during their time as working royals. One source told Low that working with the Sussexes was "like working for a couple of teenagers", according to the book. He went onto claim in an interview with Fox Digital: "That’s what they were like. "They were kind of stubborn. They were difficult. They were uncontrollable and incredibly willful. READ MORE: Queen Camilla 'looking absolutely to die for' in pink today   "You look at all the things that Meghan and Harry did – for instance, private jets". Mr Low claimed "there was a time during the summer of 2019" when the couple took "several jets in a short space of time" despite being advised not to. "You know, ‘Don’t do that because you’ve been lecturing the world about saving the environment, and then you’re on a private jet.’ Which was so bad in terms of carbon emissions," he said. "But they wouldn’t listen to reason. And of course, when the media found out about it, Harry got severely criticized. But they were just difficult to deal with."  Another former aide allegedly said Meghan was "less interested in cutting ribbons, opening hospitals and doing all the frankly boring things that members of the Royal Family often have to do." Mr Low first reported the allegations of bullying against the Duchess, which caused Buckingham Palace to launch an investigation into the claims. The findings of the alleged bullying report by an independent law firm, which was reportedly instituted and funded by the late Queen, were kept private by the Palace. At the time, a spokesperson for Meghan denied all claims of bullying, adding she was “saddened by this latest attack on her character, particularly as someone who has been the target of bullying herself." Meghan's supporters, including her former Suits co-stars, were quick to back her on social media, speaking out about their positive interactions with the Duchess and claiming the accusations must be false. Following the claims, a spokesperson for the Sussexes also told the Times: "Let’s just call this what it is – a calculated smear campaign based on misleading and harmful misinformation. We are disappointed to see this defamatory portrayal of the Duchess of Sussex given credibility by a media outlet".