Erica’s weight loss journey on TLC’s My 600lb Life was fraught with obstacles for her to overcome in order for her to live a healthier lifestyle. Erica’s harrowing backstory combined with the loss of her mother and an ill-advised stomach stapling all contributed to Erica’s addiction to food. However, nowadays Erica looks like a different person after updating fans on social media. To recap, Erica’s first steps to losing her 661lb frame came when she took a flight to Dr Now’s Houston office despite medical advice not to fly. Ahead of her flight from California, Erica told TLC viewers: “I’m doing this so that I have a chance to live….How did I get to this point, where I’m like a sideshow to people? “And they have to cart me past everyone? They’ve already made me buy a whole aisle of three seats because of my size…. “But this is my only chance. And I have no other options,” she confessed. READ MORE: NCIS Los Angeles cast ‘incredibly sad’ as CBS series cancelled Erica’s weight gain following the loss of her mother also took a toll on her personal relationships as she was worried about reconnecting with her “friend” Jimmy. Luckily, when TLC caught up with Erica after her weight loss journey a few years back, she and Jimmy sparked a new romance. She even told him she’d managed to lose almost 300lbs from her 661lb highest weight, prompting him to reply: “That’s like a whole person.” However, while on the show and with Dr Now’s help, Erica confirmed she’d lost 190lbs, and lost another 100lbs when the My 600lb Life cameras caught up with her a few years later. Back in 2018, Erica’s newfound confidence even led to her sharing a selfie in her bathing suit on her Facebook page. Erica looked transformed from the woman My 600lb Life fans saw struggle to get out of bed as she posed for the snap. And there was even better news as she shared a selfie with Jimmy from what appears to be a vacation. Elsewhere on her Facebook, Erica reunited with fellow My 600lb Life success story, Diana Bunch. DON'T MISS:1000lb Best Friends row erupts as Vanessa blasts sister for giving 490lb son fast food1000lb Sisters' Tammy Slaton 'blacked out' before arriving at hospital1000lb Best Friends' Meghan sobs over Dr Proctor lack of 'compassion' Season six star Alicia Kirgan also joined her for a selfie back in 2018 after also shedding the pounds. Erica has been relatively quiet on social media since but Starcasm reports she still remains on the right track since. The My 600lb Life star isn’t the only one of Dr Now’s patients to show off her weight loss in a swimsuit since appearing on the show. Back in 2017, Brittani Fulfer took to Twitter to show off the results of losing her 605lb frame. “First swim of the year,” Brittani penned to her followers as she smiled while sporting a blue swimsuit in the pool. And inevitably fans praised the reality TV star for her efforts and newfound confidence, with @SupGirl commenting: “You look amazing!!! And that #SPN tattoo gives me life!!” While @scaussie75 replied: “@brittaniFulfar Thanks so much for sharing ur story on 600lb life. What a gorgeous, courageous and motivational person you are. Wish you Continued Good Health and results!” My 600lb Life season 11 is set to premiere on TLC in the USA on February 1. A UK release date is yet to be announced.