Piers Morgan clashed with Petronella Wyatt and Vanity Fair royal editor Katie Nicoll over whether King Charles should invite Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to his coronation. The TalkTV host slammed the idea the Duke and Duchess of Sussex should attend and claimed he will “puke” if they do.      Piers fumed: “Why should [Harry and Meghan] shovel dirt over their family’s heads for years on end?” Katie and Petronella both argued that it would benefit Charles if he’s seen to be reaching out an olive branch. The royal editor claimed Charles needs to be “magnanimous” and “show forgiveness”. “I don’t agree if one of my kids did this for this long and this nastily about all members of all the loved ones in the family they could swing for it,” Piers said. Read more: Piers Morgan 'should be banned from the internet', claims Dom Joly     “Since Queen Victoria the Royal Family is meant to represent the ideal British family and they’ve always been conscious of that,” Petronella stated. “The taxpayer is conscious of it too. They do not like to see a Royal Family divided, Charles doesn't have any choice.” Piers asked his guests: “If one of your family had done this, what would you do?” Petronella and Katie both told Piers they would keep family matters in the “private domain”.      “Unfortunately, Harry hasn’t done that. I think his father and brother will show that they can do better,” Katie commented. “I think they should cut them off,” Piers fumed. “You stay in Montecito you don’t get the good stuff, the trinkets from the institution that you’ve been trashing.” Piers referenced a poll stating that the popularity of all members of the Royal Family has fallen in America. However, he claimed Meghan and Harry are now the least popular members in the US. DON'T MISSNadine Dorries lands TalkTV show with bombshell guest confirmed [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew is 'using 'Harry's attacks' to 'clear his name' [INTERVIEW]Meghan and Harry 'would look better' if accepted Clarkson's apology [VIDEO]     “Charles is riding top of those polls and I think to extend that I think an olive branch is the way to behave,” Katie claimed. Piers continued: “It’s not just the King’s coronation it is the people’s coronation of our King.” Camilla’s friend argued that the British public would respect Charles acting with “dignity”. “The most dignified thing he could do is have the least dignified members of his family not there,” the TalkTV host blasted.      “The idea that Meghan Markle and Harry after all they’ve done sitting there beaming away on the front row would make me puke.” Meanwhile, it’s been reported that Charles wants his youngest son to attend his coronation. According to reports in Vanity Fair, the King hopes to repair relations following the attacks on the Royal Family in Harry’s autobiography Spare. Piers Morgan Uncensored airs on TalkTV on weekdays at 8pm.   