Tottenham striker Harry Kane has ‘always fancied a potential move to Manchester United’, it has been claimed. The England international has emerged as a target for Erik ten Hag for the summer transfer window. The 29-year-old will have just a year left on his Spurs contract come the end of the season, meaning Daniel Levy may have to let his talisman go to avoid losing him for free. Manchester United know they need a world-class No 9 to arrive at the end of the season as they look to continue their improvement under Ten Hag. And, on Friday, it emerged the Red Devils were keen on the idea of bringing Kane to Old Trafford. The Tottenham star has bagged 17 goals across all competitions this term, more than any player currently in Ten Hag’s squad. And journalist Dean Jones, speaking to GiveMeSport, has claimed Kane has ‘always fancied’ a potential move to United because of their size and stature. “I am definitely taking the Kane story seriously because I know how well-sourced it is,” he said. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “This is a moment when, ideally, Kane would stay in the Premier League to not only set that goals record but also properly compete for trophies. “He’s always quite fancied the idea of United because of their status and pedigree and now that they’re on the up, who knows? “I am also taking Bayern Munich’s interest seriously because there is a real positive vibe about it when I speak to people closer to them.” United will have to spend big to sign Kane, however. It’s believed Tottenham would want a fee close to £80million to let him go, while that fee could even increase should Premier League rivals start to circle. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Bayern Munich also have longstanding interest in Kane, too. And the Bundesliga giants could try and land the England skipper as they look for a top replacement for Robert Lewandowski, who left for Barcelona back in the summer. United haven’t signed a single player from Tottenham since poaching Dimitar Berbatov from the north London side in 2008. At various points since, the Red Devils have eyed Luka Modric, Gareth Bale, Toby Alderweireld and Eric Dier. But Tottenham chief Levy, still furious at the way Berbatov’s exit was handled nearly 15 years ago, has always blocked potential dealings with United. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking earlier this month, meanwhile, Arsenal icon Paul Merson said United should break the bank to land Kane. “In an age where clubs spend money for fun and world-class centre-forwards are a rarity, I would find it crazy if Manchester United did not break the bank for Harry Kane,” Merson wrote in his column for the Daily Star. “You can look all around the world, rack your brains and round up every scout within your network and the answer is right there in front of you. “There is nobody that comes close to Kane that is currently available. “If United ever want to catch Manchester City, they’ve got to go and get Kane. Everybody wants a striker and is searching far and wide but the best centre-forward is staring everybody in the face. “He plays for a team in Tottenham that are going to win absolutely nothing. Surely, sooner or later his head is going to be turned by a move again. “I don’t know what I’m missing here. Even if he costs £150m and it’s a four or five-year contract, you are buying over 100 goals. “Who else is going to give you that?”