Analysts expect the Bank of England to continue to increase the base rate in efforts to tackle soaring inflation, which is eating into the value of money in people’s pockets. Many banks and building societies have been increasing the interest rates they're offering savers, in response to the base rate hikes. Matt Lewis, chartered financial planner at EQ Investors, urged savers to look at their cash savings and if they can get a better rate of return. He told Express.co.uk: “When inflation is running at the highest point since the 1970s, leaving it alone will simply reduce the value. “Interest rates are heading up, but they are not yet close to the levels of inflation. It makes sense to get ahead of the game by building up your rainy-day savings pot – a cash buffer for unexpected emergencies. “We think around three to six months’ worth of essential expenses held as cash to cover emergencies is about right. READ MORE: Cold Weather Payment: When will you be paid as £25 payments triggered again “Although we also work with some clients who like to hold one or two years’ worth of income to feel secure.” He said it’s important for Britons to think about their long-term investment strategy as cash is not producing a real return, with many interest rates outpaced by the rate of inflation, which remains above 10 percent. He also spoke about some of the best savings accounts on the market at the moment. He said: “At the time of writing the best level of instant access cash is offered by Yorkshire Building Society for 2.85 percent and they have the expected FSCS guarantee of £85,000, albeit with some limitations on withdrawals.  “If you have more cash than this, then you could start by looking at NS&I. Premium Bonds are yielding approximately 3.15 percent (from the February 2023 prize draw), with the direct saver and the income bond back up to 2.6 percent. “The major benefit of these accounts is the direct link to the Treasury which means larger sums can be retained here.” NS&I has also increased the interest rate on its Junior ISA from 2.7 percent tax-free to 3.4 percent tax-free, boosting the savings of some 80,000 under-18 savers. People with Premium Bonds are entered into a monthly prize draw rather than getting paid an interest rate as with a conventional savings account. READ MORE: Council tax discounts: What to do if you can't pay as Britons could see bills go up by 5% Savers can win up to £1million in the prize draw. The draw is randomised with each Bond having the same chance of winning. However, Laura Suter, head of personal finance at AJ Bell, said savers should “look at the small print” before investing in Premium Bonds as a saving option. She explained: “Your odds of actually winning a prize haven’t improved and remain at 24,000 to 1 for each £1 bond you hold. "But if you do win a prize you’re more likely to win a bigger sum, as the prize fund has been boosted. “While lots of people are drawn in by the Government-backing and the tax-free nature of Premium Bonds, the majority of people would likely be better off opting for a standard savings account and getting a guaranteed interest. “The top easy-access savings account currently pays three percent but you can get more interest with fixed and notice accounts.” Mr Lewis urged savers to take a balanced approach to how they manage their savings. He explained: “There will need to be some funds held on deposit for security and cover and short term costs. “Above this, ensuring funds are not being whittled away by inflation will provide the medium and long term security that you are looking for.”