Manchester United owners the Glazers may not share the same enthusiasm as Ian Wright when it comes to including Anthony Martial in a swap deal for Harry Kane. The Red Devils are expected to push for a big-name striker at the end of the season and Kane may be available if Tottenham suffer another campaign without silverware. Kane has been heavily linked to a Tottenham exit at various points throughout his career. Manchester City came close to signing him back in 2021 but Spurs chairman Daniel Levy supposedly stood firm and prevented him from leaving. The England captain will be 30 years old by the start of next season and he is yet to win a trophy at club or international level. That's despite him currently sitting as the joint-top scorer for both Tottenham and the Three Lions amid another goal-laden campaign. Arsenal legend Ian Wright has tipped United to go all out for Kane in the summer, even suggesting that Martial could be used in a swap offer to sweeten the deal. READ MORE: Chelsea still have Thiago Silva problem despite 'agreeing new deal' "If Man United came now, Harry Kane with a year left, let's say they put £60million on the table and we'll throw in someone - Martial, whatever - it's a very good deal," he added while talking on his Wrighty's House podcast. However, The Mirror point out that the Glazers may revert to old habits and block Martial from leaving if such a proposal did come about. The Frenchman was supposedly set to be included in a swap deal for ex-Barcelona star Ivan Rakitic during Jose Mourinho's reign at Old Trafford, but Joel Glazer stepped in and blocked the deal. DON'T MISS...Man Utd discover price to sign Dumfries immediately as agent flies inChelsea see Gusto transfer hopes dashed as Lyon chief issues statementEverton 'consider bid' for Marko Arnautovic after Man Utd near-miss United's controversial American co-owner has supposedly compared Martial to Brazilian icon Pele in the past, with the 27-year-old held in high regard by the Red Devils hierarchy. Martial was signed as a relatively unknown teenager in a £36m deal from Monaco back in 2015 - a huge fee at the time. His career at Old Trafford has been hit-and-miss in the years following, notching an impressive 17-goal Premier League haul in 2019/20 but also going through lengthy dry spells. Last term was perhaps the lowest point in his United career as he made just eight league appearances and spent half of the season on loan at Sevilla, where he scored once in 12 games.  United fans held out lofty hopes for Martial to return to his best this campaign after a sequence of strong showings in pre-season. The pacey forward has undoubtedly rediscovered his touch in front of goal under Erik ten Hag, although injuries have stunted his progress. Wout Weghorst was signed on loan from Burnley earlier this month and he has impressed in his first few matches playing through the middle. Marcus Rashford, meanwhile, is in red-hot form with 21 goals for club and country since the start of the season.