Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta gave a priceless reaction to being asked about Mykhaylo Mudryk at his press conference on Friday. The Spaniard could not hide his emotions when quizzed on the winger's social media activity.  Mudryk is the top target for Arsenal in the January transfer window. A deal is edging closer with Shakhtar Donetsk after a third bid was submitted on Thursday. Mudryk has made it clear on social media that he would be keen on a move to the Emirates. He has posted videos of himself watching Arsenal matches, has liked memes regarding a potential transfer and put up a hands together emoji shortly after news of the newest bid had emerged. Arteta was asked if he had been keeping an eye on Mudryk's Instagram page when speaking to the media ahead of Sunday's north London derby at Tottenham. And he couldn't hold back a beaming smile during the reporter's question. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Sky Sports' Gail Davis asked: "It wouldn't be a Friday if I didn't ask you about a certain Mudryk. I wonder if you follow him on Instagram and you've been enjoying his social media posts?" As soon as Instagram was mentioned, a smile was spread across Arteta's face. However, he was still coy on Mudryk when answering the question. He said: "You know we can’t talk about any other player. There is some interest on things we would like to do to improve the team obviously, because we are a bit short in certain areas and with the injuries that we've got. "We are trying, as a club, we are determined to try and improve the team in every window and that is what we are trying to do." DON'T MISSChelsea owner Boehly has four options to replace Potter if sacking happensMan Utd have signed another Nani as chiefs come to transfer realisationArsenal have huge double suspension worry ahead of Tottenham clash Arsenal's latest offer for Mudryk is reported to be around £62million up front. Other reports claim the overall deal, including add-ons, will take the fee up to £80m. That would break Arsenal's transfer record, surpassing the £72m they paid for Nicolas Pepe in 2019. Meanwhile, one of the players Arteta is currently missing through injury is Gabriel Jesus. However, he again was unable to put a timescale on the Brazilian's potential return from knee surgery. Arteta said: "He's progressing really well, he's working really hard. He’s in the right place in his recovery in regard to the time we set for him, but it's still a bit far. "I’d like to see him very quickly, but I don’t think that's gonna happen. We're going to have to be patient with that one and let’s see. We have to be cautious." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here  