From April, the Energy Price Guarantee is increasing, with average annual bills for typical households going up to £3,000 a year. Some of the UK’s major energy suppliers are offering financial support to those who are most vulnerable and most likely the hardest hit by bill rises. British GasThe UK’s biggest energy provider British Gas currently offers help through two different avenues; the British Gas Support Fund and the Individuals and Families Fund. The Fund is designed to help those with an energy debt of between £250 and £1,500 with the firm providing grants to cover the debt. To be eligible, people must be a British Gas customer living in England, Scotland, or Wales, and must be in or facing fuel poverty. They must also not have more than £1,000 in savings and can’t have had help from British Gas in the last two years. The British Gas Energy Trust Individual and Families Fund offers help to those who are in serious need, for both its customers and non British Gas customers. READ MORE: 'It's worth it': Martin Lewis suggests how to get better rate on NS&I savings account Scottish PowerScottish Power offers those struggling help from its Hardship Fund which can clear or reduce arrears by your Scottish Power account which can help get energy payments under control. People can qualify for help if they claim certain benefits, have a low household income or have special circumstances. While the Hardship Fund is only eligible to households who fit specific criteria, the energy company says that anyone with a low household income or a reduced income due to illness may also be able to apply. Scottish Power advises anyone struggling to pay their bills, regardless of their circumstances, to get in touch with them as soon as possible. Customers eligible for this year's Warm Home Discount payment will receive an additional £150, doubling their payment to £300, which Shell is funding. READ MORE: Thousands could qualify for a 50% discount on TV licence bill - how to claim Octopus EnergyOctopus Energy offers an Octo Assist Fund which offers monetary support and personalised account support, such as credit returns and payment holidays. It can also provide free electric blankets and a loan of a thermal imagery camera to find any heat leaks the property might have. Bulb Energy FundThe Bulb Energy Fund provides advice and financial support to customers who need help with their energy costs. Depending on a person’s circumstances, Bulb may be able to provide a £150 grant, write off energy debts up to £2,000, or kit them out with energy efficient device, to help reduce their bills. EDFEDF offers various schemes which can help customers who are struggling to pay their bills with the energy firm allowing customers to pay in smaller and “more manageable” amounts each month. It also offers the EDF Customer Support Fund which can provide people with cash grants to help manage household energy debts. The Fund could help those most vulnerable with electricity or gas bill debts, and provide essential white goods such as a fridge or cooker. E.ONE.ON Next Energy Fund is to help E.ON Next customers who are experiencing financial hardship and struggling.The energy provider urges customers who are struggling or have concerns about their account to get in touch so they can look at their individual circumstances and see how they can help. To be considered for this help, customers will need to show that they are committed to being financially stable by making regular payments over a three-month period for ongoing usage before receiving an award. The Fund offers help through grants, as well as the option to replace broken and dated appliances, such as ovens, fridges, and washing machines.