Lucky spectators are "incredibly excited" for the UK's first space launch tonight, so much so that tickets are reported to have sold out "quicker than Glastonbury", Express.co.uk has been told. In a flagship moment for the UK's burgeoning space sector, Virgin Orbit's Start Me Up mission is set to see the first-ever space launch blast off from British soil down in Cornwall later this evening. Around 2,500 members of the public were lucky enough to get their hands on a ticket to view the historic event, which "apparently sold out quicker than Glastonbury". Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Science Minister George Freeman said: "It's incredibly exciting...apparently the tickets sold out for the public faster than Glastonbury. There are 2,500 members of the public here on a pretty dark, cold wet night which I think says something about the level of interest. "I think it is an incredibly humbling and inspiring night. In the 1960s, JFK sent the Americans on the Apollo Moon mission and inspired a whole generation and laid the foundations for major USA technological leadership. In many ways, this is our UK achievement." The so-called horizontal launch will see Virgin Orbit's modified Boeing 747 take off from Spaceport Cornwall's designated runway at Newquay Airport Cornwall carrying the LauncherOne rocket under its wing. The rocket will be ferried 35,000 feet up into the atmosphere under its wing before being jettisoned into space under its own power, taking nine small satellites into low-Earth orbit. According to Mr Freeman, the event is a signal to the world that the UK can become a global player in the space industry in a major win for post-Brexit Britain, putting it "in the lead" in the European space race. He said: "This puts us in the lead in the European race for space. The Norwegians are very close behind us and the last time we reached them to the north and south pole they beat us, so it is nice to level the playing field. "It is also a huge commercial boost for our £16billion space sector. We have been very strong historically on space science and space technology, but we were a bit like Formula One pitlane without a car. READ MORE: UK signs breakthrough deal with BioNTech for cancer vaccine trials "But tonight with the Virgin launch we do have not just the pitlane but the vehicle in it. We are very serious and are sending a signal internationally that we will be a big player in the global small satellite industry." The atmosphere at the spaceport has even been likened to a festival, with food stalls and a stand selling merchandise, and even a Cornish Spaceport-branded bellyboard £75.  In the build-up, spectators were allowed to snap selfies standing in front of a replica of the LauncherOne rocket. Matt Archer, Commercial Space Director at the UK Space Agency, told Express.co.uk: "It is an exciting atmosphere...a sense of excitement is building and when all 2,500 people are on site, there will be a jubilant atmosphere and a bit of a party going on. "We are very much looking forward to it but at the same time remaining optimistic that we will get a launch done tonight." DON'T MISS Musk's reply to breakthrough cancer trial which cured girl's leukaemia [REVEAL] Search on for British WW2 soldier's family after ID tag found [REPORT] Amateur archaeologist unravels spectacular Stone Age code [INSIGHT] It comes amid slight concerns that the weather could scupper the launch, with two back-up dates pencilled in for later this month. Mr Archer said that while "nerves are "inevitable", they are "keeping a close eye on the weather and particularly the wind". He added: "But at the moment, I get the sense that everything is looking optimistic. We are keeping our fingers crossed. "Having been out to the US earlier this year to see Virgin's launch last year, we got there and an hour before it was due to take off the launch got cancelled. "The weather was pretty miserable this morning with on-and-showers, 30mph winds, and very cold. But the wind has dropped and it is dry. So for people turning up to enjoy all the festivities, it is a nice atmosphere and should be a decent temperature for people to stay warm."