When the weather's cold, there is nothing better than a steaming hot dish of home cooked, comfort food. Seasonal Spuds shared three delicious British recipes for a tasty Sunday lunch, or dinner, with friends or family. Seasonal Spuds said: "Fluffy, golden waffles that make for a deliciously different brunch or lunch. You’d never know they were vegan." Ingredients: One large, sweet potato (300g) 300ml almond milk One tablespoon apple cider vinegar Three tablespoons olive oil, plus extra for cooking 180g gluten free plain flour One and a half teaspoons baking powder Three-quarter teaspoon sweet smoked paprika Two spring onions, finely sliced Small bunch dill, finely chopped Small bunch parsley, finely chopped Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper For the spinach: Two tablespoons olive oil 400g frozen spinach, defrosted and drained Quarter teaspoon grated nutmeg One tablespoon dairy-free butter Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper Dairy-free crème fraîche, sour cream or yogurt, to serve READ MORE: Chelsy Davy 'shared sense of humour' with Kate when dating Harry Method: Preheat the oven to 220ºC/200ºC fan/gas mark seven. Prick the sweet potato all over with a fork, place on a tray and bake in the oven for 40 to 45 minutes, or until tender. Let cool, then cut in half and scoop out the flesh. Place in a bowl to one side. Pour the milk into a jug and stir through the apple cider vinegar. Leave to one side for five minutes, then stir in three tablespoons of olive oil. Sift the flour, baking powder and smoked paprika into a large bowl, then stir through the chopped herbs. Make a well in the centre of the flour mix and pour in the milk mixture. Mash the sweet potato flesh well with a fork, add to the batter and whisk to combine. Preheat a waffle maker and brush with a little olive oil. When ready, pour the batter into the waffle maker and cook for six minutes, or until the waffles are puffed and golden all over. Keep the cooked waffles warm while you repeat with the remaining batter. While the waffles are cooking, prepare the spinach. Add the oil to a pan and place over a medium heat. When glossy, add the spinach and cook gently until warmed through. Add in the nutmeg and dairy-free butter and season well. Serve alongside the waffles with a few dollops of dairy-free crème fraîche, sour cream or yogurt. DON'T MISS:Kate and William's life without 'amazing' nanny in Windsor [KATE MIDDLETON]Keep 'bags with water' in the freezer to save hundreds [HACK]Kate may have to ditch item of clothing as not 'appropriate' for Queen [PRINCESS OF WALES]  Seasonal Spuds said: "This tasty hotpot is a great way to use up leftover roast lamb and cooked new potatoes." Ingredients: 400g Cornish new potatoes (cooked) 400g lamb (cooked and cut into chunks) One onion, chopped Two carrots, sliced One leek, sliced One sprig of rosemary One tbsp Worcestershire sauce One tbsp plain flour 400ml lamb stock Two tbsp olive oil READ MORE: Meghan wasn't afraid to 'embarrass family' during final days as royal Method: Preheat the oven to 200C (fan 180C). Place a large pan with one tbsp olive oil on the hob. Once the oil has heated up add the onion, carrot and leek to the pan and fry gently until they start to get a bit of colour. Add the lamb and keep cooking for a couple more minutes then stir in the flour to absorb the juices. Add the Worcestershire sauce to the pan to deglaze and then add the stock. Simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, then season. Tip the lamb mix into an ovenproof dish. Slice the potatoes and layer them on top. Brush the top with the remaining olive oil and season. Cook in the oven for around 30 minutes until the potatoes are golden. Seasonal Spuds said: "Brown-butter, warming spices and creamy, tangy mascarpone icing make this unassuming sweet potato loaf cake into something really special." Ingredients: One large, sweet potato (300g) 200g unsalted butter 200g soft light brown sugar Four medium free-range eggs 65ml milk One teaspoon vanilla extract Zest of ½ an orange 240g gluten free plain flour 60g ground almonds Half a teaspoon xanthan gum One and a quarter teaspoons baking powder One teaspoon baking soda Half a teaspoon fine salt One tablespoon ground cinnamon One teaspoon ground ginger Half a teaspoon ground nutmeg Quarter teaspoon ground all spice For the mascarpone icing: 50g salted butter, softened 200g icing sugar 250g full-fat mascarpone cheese One tablespoon orange juice Half a teaspoon vanilla extract Method: Preheat the oven to 220ºC/200ºC fan/gas mark seven. Prick the sweet potato all over with a fork, place on a tray and bake in the oven for 40 to 45 minutes, or until tender. Let cool, then cut in half and scoop out the flesh. Place in a bowl to one side. Reduce the oven temp to 180ºC/160ºC fan/gas mark four and grease and line a 2lb loaf tin. Put the butter in a small saucepan and place over a low heat. Melt the butter gently, swirling the pan every so often, until the butter turns golden brown. You’ll know it’s almost ready when the splattering and sizzling dies down and it smells overwhelmingly nutty and delicious. Pour into a small bowl, scraping out all the little brown bits (that’s where all the flavour is) and allow to cool a little. Add the sugar to a large mixing bowl and pour over the butter. Whisk until pale and fluffy. Add the sweet potato puree and whisk until well combined. Add in the eggs, one by one, whisking well between each addition. Whisk in the milk, vanilla extract and orange zest. In a large bowl, sift together the plain flour, ground almonds, xanthan gum, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg and all spice. Add the wet ingredients and stir to combine. Pour the cake batter into your prepared loaf tin and smooth out the top. Place in the oven and bake for an hour and 20 minutes, or until risen, golden and a skewer inserted comes out clean/with just a few stray crumbs attached. If the loaf starts browning too quickly, cover the top with some foil. Rest the cake in the tin for 10 minutes, then remove and place on a wire rack to cool. To make the mascarpone icing, place the butter in a mixing bowl and, using an electric whisk, beat until fluffy. Sift the icing sugar in in two stages, beating until smooth. Add the mascarpone, followed by the orange zest and vanilla extract and whisk together once more until thick, smooth and creamy. Spread the icing over the top of the loaf cake, finishing with a few decorative swooshes on top.