NOVAK DJOKOVIC has revealed his extra motivation for humiliating Alex De Minaur after the Aussie criticised the “circus” surrounding the Serb’s deportation last year. The nine-time champion was heckled by local fans during his ruthless 6-2 6-1 6-2 win over the world No.24 at the Australian Open. Asked in his courtside interview by Jim Courier why he had won so quickly, Djokovic said: “Because I wanted to. I cannot say I’m sorry that you haven’t watched a longer match to be honest. I really wanted to win in straight sets.” It appeared like Djokovic was referring to his left hamstring problem - and he later complained about insinuations that he was “faking” his condition. But speaking in the Serbian section of his post-match press conference, the 21-time Grand Slam champion was also asked about De Minaur’s comments during his deportation drama. The Aussie claimed he was sick of the "circus" around the issue and said that Diokovic had "taken a lot of spotlight away from us competitors”. The Demon added: “Look, Australians have gone through a lot. There's no secret about that. They've had it very tough. They've done a lot of work to protect themselves and their borders. When you're coming in, as well as every other tennis player, if you wanted to come to the country, you had to be double vaccinated. It was up to him, his choices, his judgement. Here we are." JUST IN: Aus Open sees first retirement as Sebi Korda struck by down injury   After reaching his 13th Australian Open quarter-final, Djokovic said: “I don't have any relationship with him. "I respect him as a rival, a colleague, as I respect everyone. I have no problem contacting him, congratulating him, etc. But I don't have any other relationship. I don't have any communication with him. He showed in 2022 what he thinks about me." Djokovic had earlier reported in the English press conference that he had “played the best match of this year so far” against De Minaur. The Serb, 35, suffered a hamstring strain in Adelaide and has played every match here with his left thigh heavily strapped. He reported after his latest win that he “didn’t feel anything in my leg” during the match.  “I thank my medical team, my physio, thank God, anybody that really helped me,” he said. DON'T MISSDjokovic ex-coach explains Korda partnership 20 years in the makingInside Ben Shelton's rise to stardom at Aus Open having never left USAAustralian Open heckler scolded as 'cheap' for abusive Djokovic chant Djokovic feared he would have to pull out after suffering a side strain here on his last appearance in 2021 but still managed to win the title. And he appeared irritated by repeated questioning about his condition in his English press conference. The No.4 seed later told Serbian media: “I leave the doubting to those people – let them doubt. Only my injuries are questioned. When some other players are injured, then they are the victims, but when it is me, I am faking it. It is very interesting. I don’t feel that I need to prove anything to anyone. “I have got the MRI, ultrasound and everything else, both from two years ago and now. Whether I will publish that in my documentary or on social media, depends on how I feel. Maybe I will do it, maybe I won’t. “I am not really interested at this point in what people are thinking and saying. It is fun, it is interesting to see how the narrative surrounding me continues, narrative that is different compared to other players that have been going through similar situation. But I am used to it, and it just gives me extra strength and motivation. So I thank them for that.”