The two Strictly Come Dancing professionals joined Kaye Adams, Frankie Bridge, Judi Love and Denise Welsh on Friday’s Loose Women. Judi quizzed Kai Widdrington and Nadiya Bychkova on their love story and how they first began dating after meeting on the BBC flagship show. Kai sweetly commented: “When we dance together, it just works. “It’s not often that you get that and I can honestly say, it’s the best person I’ve ever danced with… not because she’s sat here and she’s my girlfriend…” Judi questioned whether sparks flew between the pair when they first started dancing together. Nadiya explained: “It felt perfect as professionals, as dancers, but then I realised how amazing Kai is.” Read more: Loose Women's Denise Welch fumes ‘I f***ing hate this government’ “Do you go for him first or did he approach you?” Judi asked. “He’s a gentleman,” the Strictly professional replied. Judi asked Kai how he approached the subject of dating with Nadiya and he joked: “I said, ‘You’re pretty…gorgeous.’ “No, I asked if she wanted to go for dinner, it was one of those moments where you’ve got to be a gentleman.” Nadiya went on to explain how she felt introducing Kai to her daughter Mika. “It took quite some time, it’s not easy because as you know, you protect your child as much as you can,” she said. It took some time but he proved himself in all the possible ways and Mila absolutely adores him!” Kai revealed Mila’s sweet nickname for him is “Kai lemon pie”. DON'T MISSRuth Langsford's ‘new’ appearance mocked by Loose Women co-stars [INSIGHT]Coleen Nolan responds to backlash over Stacey Solomon's pregnancy new [INSIGHT]Loose Women's Nadia called a 'frazzled woman' by Kaye Adams [VIDEO] The Ballroom and Latin dancers spent their first Christmas together with Mila at Kai’s dad’s house. She recalled: “It was [a whirlwind] but it was family, some new people I met. “It was brilliant for Mila, my daughter, which was probably the most important thing for me at this moment.” Nadiya’s family still live in Ukraine and she revealed it can be difficult explaining the conflict in a way her daughter can understand. Nadiya shared: “I'm trying to explain as much as I can for a six year old. My mum flew on Christmas Eve back to Ukraine, to look after my grandma. It took her three days so Mila is aware of all of this. “Obviously she goes to a Ukrainian school on Saturday so they do explain some things there. It's quite difficult but we're doing everything we can, we try to help people here - Ukrainians with some clothes or anything we have. So it is tough.” She added: “It's been going on for quite a while for my family and the part of Ukraine where I'm from. I don’t talk much about it but yeah, you just have to deal with it.” Loose Women airs on ITV on weekdays at 12.30pm.