The man charged with the Christmas Eve murder of a young woman in a pub near Liverpool has appeared in court today. Connor Chapman, 22, appeared in court this morning after being charged with the murder of 26-year-old beautician Elle Edwards. Merseyside Police previously confirmed that she was not the intended target of the attack. Chapman has also been charged with two counts of attempted murder, three counts of unlawful and malicious wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm. Chapman, who is also charged with possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life, possession of ammunition with intent to endanger life and handling stolen goods, arrived in court in a white police van before appearing in the dock wearing a grey tracksuit. He spoke only to confirm his name before the case was sent to Liverpool Crown Court. The defendant was remanded in custody before the hearing on Monday morning. A 23-year-old woman arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender has been released on bail pending further enquiries. Following her death, Elle's sister Lucy described her as her "best friend, sidekick, and partner in crime". In a post on social media, she said she will "miss everything about her sister". She wrote: "I miss everything about you, especially our daily catch-ups, our long drives, we’d blast the music and sing so loud that people in traffic would be laughing at us, but we were always in our own bubble and we didn’t care, and I will miss travelling and seeing new places with you. "I should not be waking up this morning on New Year’s Day without you, we should be dancing and singing this morning whilst we got ready to go out. We always said 2019 was our best year, but we were so convinced 2023 was going to be the year to top it…You are supposed to be finally living the life you have dreamed of, you had so many plans, hopes and dreams, we had so many plans and it breaks my heart that it has all been taken away because no one else deserved it all more than my Elle. "I will cherish all of the amazing memories we have made, you will always be with me and I will make you proud! I love you so so much Ell, fly high bbyy".  The Edwards family released a tribute describing Elle as "the flue that held this big family together". They wrote: “There was no one as beautiful as our Elle May, her looks, her laugh and the way she would light up a room as soon as she walked in. She had this way about her that as soon as you met her you just instantly fell in love with her, everyone that met Elle knew how special she was. “Her laugh was infectious, anyone who was around her had a good time, she loved her life and had so many amazing plans for the future. She was only just getting started. Christmas and our family will never be the same again without her. She was the glue that held this big family together, from all of us. “We will love and miss her forever. Our Elle May, the most beautiful and bright star out there, forever and always.”