Josie Gibson took to Instagram and revealed her four-year-old son Reggie required medical treatment on Sunday. The youngster was pictured in a wheelchair after suffering a nasty injury during their luxury break. Taking to her Stories, the presenter shared a photo of her son in a wheelchair and updated fans on the scary ordeal. He was treated at a local hospital and underwent an X-ray to investigate the damage. She wrote: "I've got to give it up to the Mexican hospitals, in and out within the hour. Consultation, X-ray, Plastercast. Poor Reggie on holiday as well." Despite the injury, Reggie looked to be in good spirits as he was all smiles in the photo. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford reacts as Rylan-Clark uses Eamon Holmes' stairlift The presenter's young son treated at a local hospital and underwent an X-ray to investigate. Josie did not specify where her son's injury was but explained that he had to be wrapped in plaster cast. The ITV favourite recently opened up about her bond with her only child. Josie admitted that she is happily focused on her son and said motherhood has made her a "strong woman". Speaking about their relationship, she said: "You do everything for your kids, everything I do is for him, everything I get is going to him and for his education. "It's made me a real strong woman." The TV star also touched on her love life and explained she is single and has made motherhood a priority. She said: "I never really chat a lot of people up, I just normally have a laugh and hopefully they like me, I'm not that smooth. DON'T MISS... Ruth Langsford reacts as Rylan-Clark uses Eamon Holmes' stairlift[LATEST]Liz Hurley, 57, struggles to contain assets as they spill out of dress[PICTURES]Holly Willoughby’s Dancing on Ice dress slammed 'It's a family show'[TV] "I get home to a four-year-old, so I don't want to have someone in the mix because my time is precious. If someone was in the mix now, it would eat out of my son's time and I'm not on for that at the moment. "I couldn't do that dating apps because I haven't got the minerals, I could not go and meet them, I'd be too scared. "I just wouldn't have the confidence to go and meet them if I didn't know them and I like to know people who know people." Josie, who split from her son's father shortly after his birth, told The Sun: "I think when Reg is about 15 and he's off living his life, maybe then [I'll start dating]. " She went on to say the youngster still sleeps in bed with her and he wouldn't be happy for any change to the arrangement. The ITV favourite revealed that even if she were looking for love, there wouldn't be enough hours in the day as she juggles her busy career with motherhood. "This might sound really weird, but I love Reg so much, nothing else comes close to it," she explained. "I know it’s a different sort of love, but I’m just so into him and he’s at such a sweet age, I want to be with him all the time I can." She said that a boyfriend at this point in her life would be "encroaching" on her cherished time with her son. This Morning airs weekdays on ITV at 10am. 