A brand new trailer for the highly anticipated third season of The Mandalorian is finally here, and fans can expect even more planet-hopping adventures from Din Djarin (played by Pedro Pascal) and Grogu very soon. Some eagle-eyed Star Wars fans are now more convinced than ever that Mace Windu (Samuel L Jackson) could be popping up after spotting some key clues in the latest footage of Disney+’s biggest hit. The powerful Jedi Knight was killed off in the Star Wars prequel trilogy, but could he be about to make a surprise appearance in the hit Disney+ series?  Samuel L Jackson could be about to make his triumphant return to the Star Wars franchise. Fan-favourite Jedi Mace was tragically killed off by Emperor Palpatine (Ian McDiarmid) in Revenge of the Sith, but it’s long been believed he may have survived his fall on Coruscant. The latest trailer for The Mandalorian’s third season has confirmed a return to the vast city planet, and viewers seem to have spotted some clues about Mace’s return. It’s already been confirmed Mando’s small, green companion Grogu was rescued by an unknown Jedi during Order 66, an Imperial campaign which slaughtered most of the Jedi Order. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s threats to Royal Family are ‘tantamount to blackmail’ The Mandalorian’s new trailer has now revealed the tragic event will heavily feature in the third season, convincing many fans some familiar faces could return. Upon the release of the trailer, Redditor u/metromachine speculated: “Maybe we’ll learn what Jedi saved Grogu during Order 66 (Mace Windu deepfake incoming).” 74-year-old star Jackson would have to be de-aged for the series if his portrayal of Mace during the prequels returned in flashbacks. Alternatively, it could be revealed the Jedi miraculously survived the attack by the Emperor and went into hiding, much like Grogu’s much older forerunner Yoda (Frank Oz). Over on Twitter, @__codyt speculated: “What if Mace Windu saves Grogu?” “Mace Windu being the one who rescued Grogu from the temple would make a lot of sense,” @dinsdjarin327 said. “He had a ton of respect for Grand Master Yoda and probably figured another of his species could become powerful enough in The Force to defeat the Dark Side. Or that they’d at least live.” @GerWillzLFC predicted: “My hope is it’s Mace Windu and that he never actually died just went into hiding like the rest.” DON'T MISS:NCIS agent Torres ‘goes rogue’ in dangerous undercover mission [VIDEO]1000-lb Best Friends fans outraged by Meghan’s Dr Procter row [BACKLASH]NCIS Hawaii’s Vanessa Lachey teases Tennant and Whistler team-up [INSIGHT] “Mannnn! Can’t wait!” @LamontEnglish89 exclaimed. “Here’s to hoping Mace Windu is the one who saved Grogu.” And @NobodyOfHarambe wrote: “Imagine the reveal. ‘Long time no see, little one’. “The camera pans around to show a much older, scarred Mace Windu.” Not only could Mace appear in flashbacks, but some Star Wars fans are more convinced than ever that Jackson will reprise his role as an older Mace. Creators Jon Favreau and Dave Filoni have a track record of bringing back fan-favourite characters for their Star Wars projects, including Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan McGregor) and Ahsoka Tano (Rosario Dawson). Plus, prolific actor Jackson is already set to make his Disney+ debut, returning as Nick Fury in the upcoming Marvel thriller Secret Wars. With all this in mind, the stage could be set for one of the biggest comebacks in Star Wars history when The Mandalorian returns in just a few weeks' time. The Mandalorian season 3 premieres Wednesday, March 1 on Disney+.