If you’re looking to switch up your hair in 2023, a bold and vivacious shade is set to be a top trend in the months to come according to celebrity stylists. “Red is in,” Adam Reed, celebrity hairstylist and owner of Adam Reed London explained. This ranges from shades of copper right through to “beautiful, slightly fake-looking reds”. This broad spectrum of trending shades is why Adam believes the trend is one which can work for almost anyone. “I’m loving copper. I’ve always loved copper, I’m obsessed with it,” said the stylist who has worked with stars including Sophie Dahl, Ellie Goulding and Madonna. “I’m so happy to see people coming in to ask for copper hair, and we’re now seeing everything from cooler-based coppers to really bright vibrant fake coppers. “This trend really works for everyone as there are so many variations of the colour, that’s one of the reasons I love it so much!" READ MORE: Hairdresser's 'it' haircut for 2023 will 'highlight your eyes' Lisa Farrall, session stylist and TV judge on E4’s The Big Blowout, added: “Copper has been everywhere in 2022 and I don’t see it disappearing for 2023. “I think we’ll see the copper shades turning more Autumnal to burnt copper, burnt oranges, deeper reds. We’ll see this trend continuing throughout 2023. With hair colour, it’s all about the shine, so expensive hair or expensive-looking hair is key, and it doesn’t need to blow the budget.” For those looking to take the plunge, Adam suggests taking a look at your skin undertone before choosing the exact shade of red you want. “What you have to look at is your skin tone and if the hair colour sits nicely next to your skin tone,” he explained. “For cooler skin tones, the warmth and radiance of a copper tend to warm up the skin whereas for more olive skin I would go a little bit deeper towards a mahogany sort of colour. DON'T MISSHoroscopes today - Russell Grant's star sign forecast for Saturday [INSIGHT]Mum’s the word when it comes to juggling parenthood and work [ANALYSIS]Expert shares simple 'anti-ageing' morning routine for women over 50 [EXPLAINER] “Then bright red sits nicely against pretty much any skin tone because you can warm it up or cool it down. “Do be aware that reds can tend to make the skin a little bit washed out so making sure that you’re matching your makeup is key – you may need to change the tones of your makeup to match your new hair.” However, if red feels a little too bold, there are other ways to subtly incorporate the trend into your current look. Lisa explained: “We’ll also see brunettes weaving colours through their hair. Warmer colours will be weaving through the hair, taking it more to the 2000s and less 90s. “Less stripes and more hidden, beautiful, face-framing colour that will be weaving through brunette hair.” Healthy hair is a key component of this trend, however, and keeping it in top condition will promise the best results. “Reds obviously really need looking after to maintain that richness and depth,” said Adam. “Highly conditioned hair is key, using the right products, taking supplements, regular haircuts, regular colour and really looking after the health.” The brighter the colour, the more frequently you will need to visit your salon for top-ups. “Red hair definitely takes a bit of maintenance so be prepared to come into the salon a little more frequently for toners and touch-ups, depending on your hair type and how well it holds colour,” said Adam. Investing in a good conditioner or regularly using hair masks can help with the process, and Adam also recommends using hair oil to protect the hair against heat and UV damage which can result in fading colour.