During the latest episode of The Apprentice, the two teams were asked to manufacture savoury bao buns to punt to the public and a bespoke sweet bun to sell to a corporate client. Both teams felt the pressure this week as the design aspect caught them both off guard. However, it was Lord Sugar who was left stunned after Shannon Martin unexpectedly quit the series after just two weeks. Before Lord Sugar listened to how both the teams got on, Shannon turned round and said: "Lord Sugar. "If I may, I have made the decision, the difficult decision to leave the process, unfortunately, I just don't feel like this is the environment for me. "I want to say a massive thank you for giving me this opportunity." Surprised, Lord Sugar responded: "Ok. That's your decision, thank you for coming and I wish you all the best for the future," before she walked out of the boardroom. Kevin D’Arcy received the firing treatment only minutes after Shannon Martin decided to drop out of the process early. READ MORE: Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire Viewers of the show were quick to express their condolences to Shannon and took to their Twitter accounts. Debbie Reynolds said: "Shannon def made the right decision leaving that s**t show! And Lord Sugar with his stupid jokes grrr #TheApprentice." (sic) Wayne Bristow teased: "So Shannon Bao'd out in style tonight, by quitting! @bbcapprentice #TheApprentice." Tracey Davies asked: "#theapprentice still not sure why Shannon applied in the first place as her reason for leaving was a bit weak." Sarah Marshall praised: "Lots of respect for Shannon tbf. Recognising it was not the environment for her and removing herself from the situation. Good for her #TheApprentice" Caroline Hooton added: "Shannon made absolutely the right decision. All the best to her for the future. #TheApprentice." Tanel Kagan said: "Talk about unfortunate timing, if Shannon had held on for just a little longer she could have quit after the luxury nosh up in Mayfair!#TheApprentice." (sic) During her pre-show interview, Shannon expressed that she felt she deserved Lord Sugar's investment because it was a niche opportunity. DON'T MISS...BBC News exodus sees presenters quit as merger sparks 'humiliation' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry's claims of Camilla 'planting stories' shut down [LATEST]Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry [WATCH] She explained: "I feel that I deserve Lord Sugar’s investment because my business is all based in the UK. "There are not many other businesses that design and manufacture wedding dresses made solely in the UK, which is exactly what my business plan is. "I think it’s a really good opportunity for him; he’s never been in the bridal business before." Tonight the girls were put under pressure and cracks began to show in the team when they under-ordered the ingredients.  Sitting in front of the client, the girls originally asked for £9 per portion, however, the investor only offered them £5 per portion, which was a massive blow for them. However, the girls who were selling their products to the public managed to sell out, which was a blow for the boys who only managed to sell for one hour. After making a staggering profit over the guy's team, Lord Sugar congratulated the girls and sent them for an afternoon at a posh cafe in Mayfair. Kevin D’Arcy received the firing treatment tonight after failing to impress the team and Lord Sugar. The Apprentice airs Thursday from 9pm on BBC One.