Hit action series Fauda recently returned to Netflix for its fourth outing featuring lots of new characters as the story expanded. Fauda really broke through borders with the new series seeing Doron Kavillio (played by Lion Raz) heading to Brussels on a brand-new mission spearheaded by Gabi 'Captain Eyov' (Itzik Cohen). Among the new cast members joining the cast were Amir Boutrous as Omar Tawalbe, Inbar Lavi as Shani Russ and Loai Nofi as Adel Tawalbe. Additionally, Lucy Ayoub stars as Maya Binyamin, the sister of Lebanese source Omar as well as serving in the Israeli police. The actress is a huge star in her native Israel and the 30-year-old is not only an actress but also a TV presenter, host and poet. In 2019, she hosted the Eurovision Song Contest, alongside model Bar Refaeli, Erez Tal, Assi Azar, when it was held in Tel-Aviv following singer Netta’s victory the year before. The Eurovision Song Contest gig marked Lucy’s first big primetime show. READ MORE: Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ devastating double death Speaking ahead of the grand final, she said of hosting: “Last year when Netta won, I started thinking about it and I’m so excited I finally got to do it.” Lucy added in the behind-the-scenes video from the Eurovision Song Contest: “It’s an amazing opportunity and it’s and amazing show.” Prior to host the Eurovision Song Contest, Lucy had been working for the Israeli Public Broadcasting Corporation (IPBC) in their digital department. She is also the host of the Israeli edition of quiz show The Chase, taking contestants through their paces. Lucy has also appeared in the TV series Mo'adon Layla as her as well and is starring in 8200 as Adi with the project in production now, according to IMDb. However, Fauda is her biggest acting role to date and likely to lead to more projects in the future. After Fauda dropped on Netflix, Lucy shared a series of snaps from the show on Instagram. Alongside the post, shared with her 67,000 followers, Lucy wrote: “Now that Fauda has been on Netflix for a whole weekend I want to thank you, Fauda fans, for your kind and warm words. “Your messages and comments are filling my heart with pride and gratitude for partaking in the great journey that’s called Fauda. “And it wouldn’t have happened without the generous opportunity given to me by Lior Raz and Avi Issacharoff to portray the character of Maya Binyamin Tawalbeh written with so much love, attention and sensitivity.” She added in the post: “Let me know your thoughts on the season!” Lucy was born in Haifa, Israel to an Arab Christian father and a Jewish mother who converted to Christianity. DON'T MISS...Our Yorkshire Farm emergency as air ambulance rushes to Ravenseat [UPDATE]3 big Emmerdale spoilers as lovers reunite and blackmail rocks village [THEORIES]Coronation Street legend confirms break from ITV soap [NEWS] She has Holocaust survivor grandparents on one side, while her paternal grandmother was the daughter of Palestinian refugees, who fled to Lebanon in 1948 during the Arab-Israeli War. Lucy was baptised and attended a Catholic school but considers herself an atheist. She also writes poetry in both Hebrew and Arabic, addressing the dualities of her identity. Her poetry also helped to propel her into the spotlight, amassing thousands of views on YouTube. After finishing high school, Lucy had to enlist and serve in the Israel Defense Forces as a flight simulator instructor for the nation’s Air Force for two years. Fauda season 4 is streaming on Netflix now