When taxpayers' cash is dished out by the Government there are always winners and losers, those like Bassetlaw Tory MP Brendan Clarke Smith who are delighted to get £20 million to regenerate his town centre and those furious like some of his Red Wall colleagues who missed out. The problem this time is that the promise of levelling up to voters in those old Labour constituencies which turned blue in 2019 was not really understood to mean pouring cash into the south east and the Home counties. Quite the opposite. What yesterday's announcements appear to have done is added fuel to an already high degree of discontent particularly among those new brand of MPs who feel that they owe their seats to the man Mr Sunak helped to depose, Boris Johnson. But the basis of this anger goes back to a video which popped up over the summer of Mr Sunak campaigning for the Tory leadership where he was addressing party members in Tunbridge Wells. In his pitch Mr Sunak, who had been partly responsible for local government funding and dolling out levelling up cash in his as Chancellor, boasted about how he had changed the formula to make sure wealthy areas like that one in Kent "get the funding they deserve" because "we inherited a bunch of funding from the Labour Party which shoved all the funding into deprived urban areas." It was quite a speech and one which has stuck in the craw of those Tory MPs now in "deprived urban areas" who have lost out on levelling up cash. Shockingly - or not really surprisingly at all - £19 million found itself going to the Prime Minister's ow Richmond constituency which is so affluent that one Tory MP described it as "the Kensington of the north". The Home counties in the South East came second with cah from the fund with £210,467,526. This was almost double the £108,548,482 which went to the North East of England, second to bottom from Northern Ireland. In addition Yorkshire and Humber only received £120,619,162 less than the £151,266,674 which went to London which receives more money per head for public services than Scotland. Labour have been complaining of pork barrel politics with 52 Tory constituencies receiving cash, more than twice Starmer's MPs' constituencies. But the reality is that many Tory MPs wonder why with an election around the corner any money went to Labour constituencies at all. However, there is more bitterness about affluent parts of the south east being "levelled up", a charge Levelling Up Secretary Michael Gove, an MP in Surrey, hotly denied. A spokeswoman for the Department for Levelling Up got in touch to make it clear strict criteria was used for the Levelling Up funds. She said: “The Levelling Up Fund is investing in infrastructure that improves everyday life across the UK, spreading opportunity to historically overlooked areas. “All projects were subject to a rigorous assessment process under robust, fair and transparent rules, with no involvement of local MPs in the selection process.”  READ MORE: Sunak defends levelling up funds amid claims southeast favoured Already angry about having local hotels packed with Channel migrants a number of MPs in vulnerable Red wall seats were venting their fury in private. A North West MP, whose region actually got the most cash, said: "During the summer Rishi said that he would ensure funding would go to areas like Tunbridge Wells. He was right. He has." Another MP in the region added: "Levelling up was meant to be about narrowing the gap. Giving millions to improve greenspaces in surrey is not levelling up. Colleagues are furious." Meanwhile, North East MP grumbled: "It is dreadful that so many affluent areas have received so much, at the expense of those who need it most. This is a southern cabinet and it shows." A West Midlands MP was unhappy after seeing the application fail. "We got nada, zero. zilch, SFA!" DON'T MISS Strike fatigue fuels Conservative comeback against Labour in poll [REVEAL] Starmer is talking like a Tory on NHS reform and everyone is angry [INSIGHT] UK-wide 20mph speed limit rejected as ‘ridiculous’ – YOU VOTED [REACT] Another MP noted: "It's great if you are in the Cabinet. You get the levelling up money and they abandon plans to use your local hotels for asylum seekers. "They don't have the same attitude for marginal seats." This is not the sort of reaction Mr Sunak may have been expecting on a day when he and his govern,ent dolled out £2.1 billion around the country for various projects. In fairness as well it should be noted that had Boris Johnson or Liz Truss still been Prime Minister the funding decsision may well have been the same. It was Ms Truss who specifically said in Dagenham, East London that levelling up did not just need to take place in the north and midlands. Added to that traditional so called blue wall seats are also now in peril from the Lib Dems as well as Labour in the south. But on a day where a video of him in a car without his seat belt attracted unfortunate headlines, it was the memory of the video published by the leftwing New Statesman in Tunbridge Wells which really cast a shadow over the Prime Minister's day. The reality is that after Brexit the new Tory voter base is no longer the affluent classes but is becoming increasingly rooted in the traditional working class vote. If they are to hold on to this new electoral coalition, then the Conservatives cannot afford missteps which make them look as though they are not on the side of the people in the Red Wall areas which had been so long neglected by Labour. Levelling up was never meant to be the rich getting richer.