Tottenham transfer target Pedro Porro was dropped to the bench by Sporting boss Ruben Amorim for the Taca da Liga semi-final at Arouca on Tuesday night as uncertainty grows over his future in Lisbon. It's understood fresh talks between the two clubs are planned on Wednesday when Spurs will look to take more positive steps towards an agreement for Antonio Conte's priority signing. Although Tottenham are currently stacked with options at right wing-back, they see Porro as a player that immediately improves their starting XI to end their long-term struggles in the position. But Sporting are notoriously stubborn negotiators and they have repeatedly pointed Spurs towards Porro's £39million release clause which the north London club are yet to trigger. Instead, Fabio Paratici has continuously attempted to negotiate a deal at a lower fee and Tottenham have even shown a willingness to include a player as part of the agreement. Considering Sporting have repeatedly shot down a sale, Spurs may feel encouraged to see Porro dropped to the bench by head coach Amorim. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE The decision comes just four days after the Spaniard netted a 95th-minute winner for Sporting in their 2-1 Primeira Liga win over Vizela on Friday evening. Tottenham's January transfer window activity exploded into life on Tuesday when Arnaut Danjuma underwent a medical at Hotspur Way. The Dutchman had been on course to sign for Everton on an initial loan with an obligation to buy after undergoing a medical with the Toffees last weekend. Yet Danjuma stalled on the move despite tweeting about his new challenge and now he is set to be unveiled as Spurs' first January addition. DON'T MISS Arsenal have Gabriel Jesus problem after Man Utd win as Mikel Arteta ignores Prem meeting Man Utd legend looks unrecognisable with huge white beard in pub photograph with fan Chelsea receive Brighton boss Roberto De Zerbi's blessing on Moises Caicedo transfer There is optimism Porro could soon follow with Tottenham currently offering around £33m. Djed Spence is yet to receive the chance to depart Spurs this month amid reported loan interest. Express Sport understands he remains determined to fight for his place in north London despite his lack of opportunities since signing from Middlesbrough. There is a chance he could be given the chance to depart for some increased game time if Porro gets his move to the Premier League this month. Spurs were said to be impressed with the Sporting full-back during both Champions League meetings with the Portuguese side this season. Sporting had Tottenham's number in Europe after taking four points off Conte's side despite being dumped out of the competition. Tottenham would seemingly consider offers for both Emerson Royal and Matt Doherty but they are yet to receive any proposals for the defensive duo. While Conte's future at the club remains in doubt, Spurs are mindful that Champions League football could hold the key to keeping their best players including Harry Kane.