Fred Siriex, 50, appeared on Friday's Good Morning Britain, and was asked by ITV hosts Ben Shephard and Kate Garraway if he was currently taking part in the popular singing competition, The Masked Singer. The much-loved TV personality refused to confirm or deny if he was starring as Pigeon after fans had picked up on some clues to suggest he could be under the costume.  The Masked Singer returned on New Year's Day, with a new host of famous faces disguising themselves as weird and wonderful personas. Ben seemed certain Fred is the person behind Pigeon after a few hints were revealed in the latest episode. "Okay, let's talk about reality shows," he told Fred, eager to dig for information. "Because there is a big singing show on ITV at the moment for the Masked Singer started on New Year's Day. READ MORE: GB News uproar over claims Meghan and Harry ‘milking Diana’s legacy’ "We've already lost my mate, Kammy (Chris Kamara), who went out." As Kate applauded the football pundit, Ben admitted: "No, I think it's probably about time he went out." "But there was all sorts of rumours Pigeon is actually Fred Siriex," Ben pointed out. "There's a line when they describe Pigeon, they said, 'It must be dove, it's pigeon.' "And because the suggestion is that there's something to do with love, it could be you because you're the matchmaker. "Have you been masquerading as a pigeon on a big show, is that the plan?" The French star cryptically responded: "Listen, I'm not going to confirm or deny. "But suffice to say that I love pigeon, especially when it's cooked nice and pink - that's all I'm going to say." It didn't take much persuasion from the presenters for Fred to burst into song. DON'T MISS... Kate Garraway brands Harry 'petty' over bedroom complaints [LATEST]GMB viewers brand Prince Harry coverage 'torture' as they beg 'stop' [VIDEO]EastEnders heartbreak as Lola Pearce gives update [SPOILER] As he sang a French tune, Ben appeared uncomfortable by Fred's singing voice. "Okay, that's enough," Ben quickly interjected. "That's probably enough." When Fred asked for their feedback, Ben laughed: "When we hear Pigeon sing we will know very quickly if it's you!" During the opening episode of series four of The Masked Singer last week, judges Rita Ora, Mo Gilligan, Davina McCall and Jonathan Ross returned with their detective hats on.  It was revealed Ghost was in fact Chris Kamara, who admitted: "I did it for the grandkids. I want to see the surprise on their faces when they see me unmasked on the show. "Not even my wife knows so it’s going to be a surprise for the whole family. "I’m not the best at keeping secrets so I’m not sure what will shock them most, taking part in the show or keeping it a secret." The Masked Singer airs Saturday on ITV at 7pm.