Silent Witness made a return on Monday night and saw Dr Nikki Alexander (played by Emilia Fox) helping police to solve another mysterious crime. Fans also saw how Nikki's romance with Jack Hodgson (David Caves) has developed since the previous series. However, speaking exclusively with Express.co.uk, Emilia has opened up about what it's really like to play a pathologist. "We always have a pathologist alongside us," the actress began. "Or a coroner who has worked with the show for a long time who can guide us through the post mortems and to try and make them as believable as possible and also so that we say things correctly. "It's the kind of language that does not come naturally. "We are guided all the time through anything medical by real experts. READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer "Obviously, the post mortems take less time on screen than they do in real life, but we try and make them as authentic as possible." The 48-year-old went on to pay a tribute to her "unsung" co-stars who have helped her with the role of Nikki. She continued: "I've been working on Silent Witness for 18 years now, and of course, that is solving crime fictionally. "But I have an interest in the crime genre and how cases are solved and through Silent Witness, I have met some incredible people who work on solving crimes in real life."  Listing off the experts she has worked with, the Nikki Alexander star added: "In forensics, pathology and all different aspects…detectives and coroners. "I have seen the work that they do, the really skilled work and they are very often unsung in the work that they do." Following Monday night's instalment, fans are excited to find out what will happen between Jack and Nikki. "Now that we are in a series where you've seen Jack and Nicky’s friendship move into a closer relationship and how that works," she teased. DON'T MISS...Jennie Bond questions Prince Harry's intentions in scathing rant  [VIDEO]BBC Breakfast's Jon Kay airs concern as co-host says 'can't carry on' [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Cathy Hope lie in Bob DNA twist [SPOILERS] "You know when you've known someone for a long time but you're suddenly in a relationship, does that make it more difficult? "And what will happen to them, so I look forward to seeing what the writers come up with me in the future." Fans have also taken to social media to share their thoughts about the romance. Kelly wrote: "My brain is still struggling to process Jack and Nikki are together… like together, together!!" "#SilentWitness case stuff blah blah.. budgets blah blah...But when do Nikki & Jack get it on??" user @MultiFan2000 asked. Amelie said: "Nikki and Jack have never been happier #silentwitness." "Ok but the Jack and Nikki photo my heart can’t cope," Mama Jen added. Silent Witness is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.