Search interest in ‘home interiors’ has seen a huge spike post-Christmas, as people start to think about home improvements and refreshing their living space over the new year. In light of the cost of-living crisis and a stronger-than-ever call for sustainability in the world of interiors, the interior design experts at My Bespoke Room reflect on how our homes will look this year. From the trends that will decline this year, to those that are set to be the biggest, some of these trends may come as a surprise. 1. Fast furniture Buying fast-fashion furniture in itself isn’t a trending look, but it’s definitely something that’s going to go out of fashion in 2023. This comes down to the quality of the furniture and the cost of living crisis. As sustainability has become a priority for many, people are gravitating away from cheap furniture in favour of vintage or used pieces. The experts said: “For many years now, we've seen prices fall on trend-led pieces of furniture, which has certainly had many benefits, opening up the world of interiors to everyone, no matter your budget. “The downside of this, however, has been that quality is often sacrificed, and it's led to a throwaway consumer culture in interiors which is bad for the environment and, in the long run - bad for our wallets too.” 2. Grey interior It's more than likely that households have thought about decorating with grey, and Britons may have even incorporated the colour into their home. Though there is a lot to love about grey, interior designers predict the tone may fall out of fashion this year. READ MORE: ‘Expensive’ interior trends to avoid - ‘off-putting’ to buyers Grey paint and decor pieces have fallen out of favour as the go-to colour, at least in comparison to how common it was even just a few years ago. The expert said: “So often seen as a ‘safe’ option in interiors, grey colour schemes lack life and energy and are definitely out for 2023.” Overall, home decor trends are moving in a warmer direction. Colours like rust, brown, amber, and ivory are taking over, as well as burgundy and olive colours. 3. Industrial decor The industrial look has been a staple for half a century, offering a minimalist, function-over-form approach to interior design. Blossoming in the 1970s, the industrial decor trend came to prominence when it became popular to transform warehouses, factories and mills into living spaces. However, 2023 may see a decline in this trend. The interior designers noted that the opposite of a warm and cosy interior is an industrial design, as this trend accentuates a “cold and hard” aesthetic. They said: “Our designers predict a move away from materials like concrete, chrome and black finishes. This isn't to say you should completely disregard this style! The best interiors are created through contrast and so bringing industrial elements into your design in subtle ways can still work beautifully.” DON'T MISSEliminate yellow stains from toilet seats with ‘magic’ household item [TIPS]Ivy is ‘extremely invasive’ - ‘effective’ method to kill ivy ‘quickly’ [EXPERT]‘Essential’ factor for orchids to flower - avoids failed blooming [COMMENTS] 4. Velvet sofas Velvet has long been popular in the world of sofas and there is no doubt that this type of material adds a beautiful softness to your sofa, but designers are noticing a turn to performance fabrics in place of anything that is stylish but lacks substance. Homeowners are wanting material that is made to last, and turning away from fast furniture. Performance velvet is 100 percent polyester knit and has the power to withstand spills and dirt, repel water and stains, and can stand up to the wear and tear that comes with everyday activities. The experts described this as a “fall from grace”. They added: “There will always be a place in our hearts and homes for luxurious velvet sofas, but its heyday certainly does seem to be behind us now and being replaced with easier-to-care-for and more natural fabrics like linen.” 1. Timeless furniture built to last The motto “out with the old, in with the new” is being swapped for an appreciation of older pieces full of history that can add an interesting dimension to schemes. READ MORE: Alan Partridge star Steve Coogan’s life in quiet Sussex village The cost of living in 2023 will be a real challenge for all and will greatly impact how Britons design and live in their homes. Throw-away furniture will be a thing of the past as people look to invest in quality pieces that will stand the test of time. Olivia, interior designer at My Bespoke Room, said: “People are more focused on sustainability now and want furniture with longevity. Throw-away furniture is extremely bad for the environment, so try incorporating vintage design pieces from local selling sites or websites such as Vinterior with your current design style." 2. Lagom – balanced living The Swedish lifestyle concept “Lagom” essentially means “not too much, not too little”. For interior design, this translates into the idea of “moderation” – championing clean, fuss-free living with just the right amount of furniture on display that you need or love. Milena, Interior designer at My Bespoke Room said: “This trend will pick up momentum in 2023 as people look toward a more frugal way of furnishing their homes without spending needlessly. This is also a far more sustainable way of designing our homes, which is increasingly on our minds. The cost of living and energy prices are forcing people to buy fewer items but of more quality and long-term value.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea 3. Sunset colour schemes 2023 will see a move towards the warmer side of the colour spectrum as we seek comfort in homes. Earthy hues like terracotta and paprika will begin to take centre stage, and soft shades of pink will continue to feature as a neutral alternative to white. Emily, interior designer at My Bespoke Room, said: “I’m seeing a departure from cooler tones and towards sunset colour schemes like terracotta and soft pinks.” 4. Soft edges and organic shapes Curved edges have gradually been replacing sharp, straight lines for some time now, and it looks as though this trend is only going to pick up momentum in 2023. There's something comforting and soothing about the nature of curves; from round coffee tables to cocooning armchairs, these shapes are here to stay. Sarah, interior designer at My Bespoke Room, said: “We'll see a continuation of curves and round edges. I've noticed more furniture and finishing touches are softening. This also creates function to the flow of a room."