Greater Manchester Police have launched an investigaton after a 13-year-old schoolgirl was sexually assaulted in a park in Bury. The "terrifying attack" is thought to have taken place between 3.30pm and 8pm on January 2 in a park near Townfield Close. GMP have now released a CCTV image of a man they wish to speak to as part of their enquiries.  The teenage girl is said to be "extremely shaken up" following the ordeal. Anyone with any information about the incident or the male in the photograph is being urged to contact the force immediately. An active investigation is ongoing, with a number of lines of enquiry being followed, police added. Detective Sergeant Luke Dearing from GMP’s Child Protection Investigation Unit said: "We would like to speak to this male (pictured) who could be able to provide further information surrounding the incident. "This terrifying attack has left the victim understandably extremely shaken up. Nobody should ever have such a traumatic incident as this happen to them and we want to bring whoever was responsible to justice. "The investigation has remained on-going since the report to the police and following a number of lines of enquiry including CCTV and forensic tests, we’re now in a position to appeal to the public and ask anyone who recognises the male pictured to get in touch."  Anyone who recognises the male pictured is asked to call 0161 856 8042 quoting log number 741 of 04/01/2023 or report it online or via LiveChat at www.gmp.police.uk. Alternatively, you can report information anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. If you or someone you know has been raped or sexually assaulted, police are urging people report it to them or a support agency for help and support. Greater Manchester Police can be contacted via gmp.police.uk or 101. In an emergency, always dial 999. You can also find information and advice via their website. Information about crime can also be shared anonymously via the independent charity – Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.  Saint Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre in Manchester provides a comprehensive and co-ordinated response to men, women and children who live or have been sexually assaulted within Greater Manchester. They offer forensic medical examinations, practical and emotional support as well as a counselling service for all ages. Services are available on a 24-hour basis and can be accessed by calling 0161 276 6515. Greater Manchester Rape Crisis is a confidential information, support and counselling service run by women for women over 18 who have been raped or sexually abused at any time in their lives. Call on 0161 273 4500 or email help@manchesterrapecrisis.co.uk  Survivors Manchester provides specialist trauma informed support to male victims in Greater Manchester who have experienced sexual abuse, rape, or sexual exploitation. Call 0161 236 2182.