Fancy adding some extra things to watch to your Fire TV or simply feel like expanding your music collection? Amazon may have just the perfect solution with the online retailer launching a new deal that includes full access to the Lionsgate+ streaming service plus its Amazon Music platform for just £1.99 per month - that's a saving of over £12. This pretty epic offer is available to all Prime members - who haven't signed up for Amazon Music before - with the deal lasting for three months. YOU CAN SEE THE OFFER HERE Once you are all signed up, you'll get instant access to boxsets and movies via Lionsgate+ plus over a million songs that can be streamed to your smart speakers. As well as these services being available on devices such as the Fire TV Stick and Echo, owners of tablets, phones and connected televisions can also take full advantage with Lionsgate+ and Amazon Music compatible with numerous devices. In fact, Sky recently announced that the Music Unlimited app is now available across its Sky Q, Sky Stream and Sky Glass devices. Here's what's included in the deal Lionsgate+ (usually £5.99 per month)Includes: Lionsgate+ offers a large library of entertainment including original series like Dangerous Liaisons, Outlander and El Refugio. There are also blockbuster movies to stream such as The Revenant, Once and Spider-Man: Homecoming with new shows and movies being added all the time. Amazon Music Unlimited (usually £8.99 per month for Prime)Includes: Full access to over one million songs without hearing any adverts. There are also playlists, podcasts and albums with users able to download favourites so they can listen when not connected to Wi-Fi or a mobile signal. As we mentioned earlier, the £1.99 price lasts for three months with things then rising to the standard price. That means those not cancelling will automatically be charged the standard £5.99 fee for Lionsgate+ and £8.99 for Amazon Music Unlimited (£9.99 for non-Prime subscribers). If that sounds too much to pay then it's vital to set a diary reminder and cancel things before the subscriptions kick in. There's no charge for leaving but staying will see that cash being taken from your account. Here's how to cancel after three months. Amazon says that you must cancel each service individually. To cancel your Prime Video Subscription: Go to Manage Your Prime Video Channels and select Prime Video > Channels > Find the subscription that you want to cancel > Select Cancel Channel and confirm. To cancel your Amazon Music Unlimited subscription: Go to your Amazon Music Settings Not a Prime member? Don't panic as you can sign up to 30 days of this service for free, once that period is over you'll then be charged £8.99 per month.