Cardinal George Pell has died in Rome at the age of 81 after complications from a hip replacement surgery, the Vatican has confirmed. The Cardinal is said to have successfully undergone the operation and was chatting with the anaesthetist when he went into sudden cardiac arrest.  A news report by MailOnline reported that the medics were unable to revive him. He was ordained a priest in 1966, became a bishop in 1987, was appointed Archbishop of Melbourne in 1996, made Archbishop of Sydney in 2001 and became a Cardinal in 2003.  Cardinal Pell was at the centre of sex abuse allegations for almost two decades and was convicted of historical incidents in 2018. The Ballarat-born cleric strenuously denied the allegations made against him.  He served 404 days in prison before the conviction was overturned on appeal by the High Court of Australia in 2020. Prior to the court case, Pell was one of the highest ranked cardinals in the Vatican. As Archbishop of Melbourne in 1996, he established the Melbourne response to handle and investigate child sex abuse complaints which was hailed as a world-first. In 2013, he was appointed as a member of the Council of Cardinals by Pope Francis and overhauled the finances of the church with a new financial management system. READ MORE: Manchester flooding chaos as heavy rain leaves cars stranded  However, Australia's Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse found that he knew of child sexual abuse by clergy by the 1970s and had not taken adequate action to address it. At that time, Pell said that he was “surprised” by the findings and insisted the commission's views were “not supported by evidence”. Vatican correspondent Colm Flynn was one of the first to report the death. EWTN News Vatican posted on Twitter: “I’ve just spoken to his household and can confirm the sad news of the passing of Cardinal George Pell at the age of 81. May he rest in peace." DON'T MISS:Richard Branson says he found Elon Musk barefoot in his kitchen  [REVEAL]NFL star Damar Hamlin thanks fans for supporting him  [INSIGHT]Prince Harry ‘written out’ of King Charles’ coronation [SPOTLIGHT]  Cardinal Pell admitted he was “pretty ordinary” spiritually and at times he thought he may have to wait until the afterlife to get justice and be vindicated of the allegations. He had said: “If you believe there is a God, if you believe that ultimately all things will be well, that ultimately in the afterlife there will be peace and harmony and justice, if you really believe that, (it doesn’t) matter what terrible thing might happen to you here.” 