Despite trying to keep it under wraps, Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) recently found out what Nick Tilsley (Ben Price) had gotten their family into. Official spoilers have revealed that getting involved with Damon Hay (Ciaran Griffiths) will have devastating consequences as a gun siege threatens their future. Last year, Sam Blakeman (Jude Riordan) took part in a restorative justice programme to face his mother's killer, Harvey Gaskell (Will Mellor). Attending the meetings with Sam was his father Nick, who reluctantly agreed to go as Harvey was initially aiming to kill Leanne. During their meetings, Nick let slip he was struggling to find the money to buy the other half of The Bistro from Debbie Webster (Sue Devaney). Harvey offered the businessman a loan, which he decided to take but the risky decision has turned out to be more than he can handle. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss Harvey's brother, Damon rocked up in Weatherfield claiming he wanted to rekindle his relationship with his son, Jacob Hay (Jack James Ryan). Instead, he drove his son out of the cobbles and is now using the restaurant as a front for his drugs business, claiming the money Harvey loaned Nick was actually his. In upcoming scenes, Nick calls Damon and confirms the latest drug delivery has been delivered safely. However, things take a turn when two masked gunmen enter The Bistro and point guns at Ryan Connor (Ryan Prescott) and demand the drugs be handed over. Ryan is terrified and tries to calm the situation, with Sam diving underneath the table to call Nick for help. As he answers the phone, gunshots can be heard coming from the restaurant leaving Nick, Leanne and Damon to race towards the bistro fearing for Sam and Ryan's lives. Having been alerted to the gunshot the police arrive as a handler arrives in the bistro with his sniffer dog. Is Damon's game about to be rumbled or will Nick take the fall? DON'T MISS...Paul Burrell in tears about telling sons 'I have prostrate cancer' [INSIGHT]Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ reason Poppy's always in a coat [WATCH]Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital  [LATES] Craig tells Leanne that they’ve arrested two men who they suspect were the gunmen, leading Leanne to tell Nick he needs to get rid of the drugs before a search is carried out. Listening to Leanne and not wanting to put his son at any more risk, Nick tells Damon to pick up the drugs or he’ll dispose of them down the toilet. Having placed the holdall of drugs in the boot, Damon climbs into his car, but suddenly police sirens are heard. Will Damon make his getaway? Later, Dee-Dee Bailey (Channique Sterling-Brown) calls at the bistro looking for Damon, but Leanne reveals he has been arrested on suspicion for drug dealing. Will Damon give up the game and confess to what he has been doing? If he decides to retain his innocence and claim that he doesn't know anything about the drugs, he could implicate Nick and turn the blame towards him. Will Sam lose another parent? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.