Chris Ledesma was the music editor for The Simpsons since its debut in 1989 and worked on every episode until he stepped down this year. The iconic animated show paid tribute to him in its latest episode with a title card that read: “In loving memory of Chris Ledesma.” It showed an animated version of Chris holding a conductor's baton while sitting on the famous sofa. He sat alongside Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa and Maggie, who could also be seen holding musical instruments. Members of The Simpsons team have also taken to social media to pay their respects. Screenwriter Al Jean penned: "A wonderful, hard working, very talented man who will be missed by all he knew." READ MORE:Karren Brady blasts 'self-obsessed' Meghan as Kate honours Queen Writer Josh Weinstein added: "Chris Ledesma was one of the kindest, mega-talented people working on a crew full of kind, mega-talented people. "I hadn't worked with him in a while but his friendliness over Twitter these last few years was truly felt. "Rest in peace, dear Chris." Carolyn Omine echoed: "Chris Ledesma was a sweet man who loved his job and was really, really good at it. We miss him." Executive producer and showrunner Matt Selman wrote: "Chris Ledesma was a sweet, goofy guy with a giant heart — his amazing musical life is played out over 33 years of @TheSimpsons." While fellow music editor Jake Schaefer added: "Chris Ledesma’s passion for music and for @TheSimpsons was an inspiration. "I’m grateful for the time I got to spend with him this year. He was a great mentor and a genuine person. "My heart goes out to his family. Rest In Peace Chris." DON'T MISSAnt McPartlin’s ex-wife Lisa sparks concern with cryptic post[INSIGHT]Ola Jordan slips back into Strictly catsuit amid 3.5 stone weight loss[LATEST]Liz Hurley, 57, risks wardrobe malfunction in plunging black gown[PICTURES] And animator Matthew Schofield wrote: "I was shocked and saddened to learn of Chris Ledesma's recent passing. "He very kindly arranged for me to sit in on the scoring session for my episode 'Black Eyed, Please'. "A wonderful guy who genuinely loved his job. RIP Chris." In September 2021, Chris marked a “significant milestone” and tweeted that he had worked on The Simspons for half of his life. He said: "Today is a significant milestone for me. I am 23,242 days old I have worked on The Simpsons for 11,621 days "Born 1/28/1958. First day on #TheSimpsons 11/22/1989 "Not many can say they have worked at ANY job any more for LITERALLY half their lives. #Grateful #Blessed." (sic)