If your current TV is starting to look a little tired you may have been tempted to switch to something new in the January sales. Samsung is just one firm that is currently offering massive discounts on its big screens with some of its best 8K devices being slashed in price by as much as £1,000. That's clearly a very enticing offer but before you rush to hit the buy button beware! The yearly CES technology show has got underway in Las Vegas and Samsung has just revealed its plans for the next 12 months with a swathe of upgraded tellies launching soon. All of the Korean firm's next generation of goggleboxes come packed with upgraded screen technology that will make movies and boxset binges look even better than before. In fact, Samsung is promising that its latest 2023 Neo QLED TVs feature an advanced Neural Quantum Processor which uses clever AI to upscale content that might not have been shot in glorious 8K quality. That means everything you watch should appear sharper and more pixel-packed. Another clever feature of these screens is something called Auto HDR Remastering which uses deep learning technology to analyse and apply real-time High Dynamic Range (HDR) effects on Standard Dynamic Range (SDR) content. This is all performed on a scene-by-scene basis with Samsung promising that it makes SDR content look brighter and livelier. For those not already aware High Dynamic Range or HDR videos display millions more shades of colour and higher levels of brightness than standard HD or 4K video, making images appear more realistic. Other features coming to the Neo QLED TV range include better smart functionality with these new TVs able to link up to other devices in the home without needing any additional equipment. This will allow owners to turn off the lights or check smart cameras by simply barking orders at their TV. Along with Samsung unveiling new Neo QLED tellies, the firm says it will also offer customers more choice via its premium MICRO LED lineup. These incredible, and very expensive screens, feature stunning image quality and a borderless design with Samsung boosting its lineup by adding sizes that range from 50 to a whopping 140 inches. Thanks to its modular nature, MICRO LED is not bound by shape, ratio and size, making it completely customisable to fit a consumer’s desired set-up. MICRO LED technology isn't cheap but don't panic if your budget won't stretch to this ultimate technology as Samsung also has an update to its standard OLED lineup. The 2023 models range from 55, 65 and new ultra-large 77-inch screens and all arrive with Quantum Dot technology for an improved experience. There is also that clever Neural Quantum Processors which will improve the brightness and colour when settling down for a blockbuster movie night. “In 2023, we are pushing boundaries of innovation to offer consumers more than just premium picture quality, but a holistic, premium device experience tailored to what they need and want out of their connected home,” said Cheolgi Kim, EVP of Visual Display Business at Samsung Electronics. “With SmartThings, our advanced technology is seamless and intuitive, which can make life more accessible and enjoyable everyday.” There's no word on an exact launch date or pricing for these TVs but expect more news to be announced in the coming weeks. Along with its new TVs, Samsung has also revealed three new PC-style monitors for the home office. Perhaps the most impressive is the new Odyssey Neo G9 which boasts an immense 7,680×2,160 resolution, speedy 240Hz refresh rate and a giant 57-inch size that curves to make things feel more immersive. Other nice upgrades include a matt finish to stop annoying reflections there's full access to apps such as Netflix allowing this monitor to transform into a fully functioning smart telly. Along with the Neo G9 Samsung is also launching a smaller 49-inch version called the OLED G9.