Houseplants are incredibly popular in the UK, with many introducing them into their homes to help purify the air and add texture. However, every indoor plant has its own needs and likes to be placed in different areas of the home, depending on where it is originally from. A spokesperson for Garden Buildings Direct said: “We have seen the rise of many homeowners looking to fill their bathrooms with greenery. “We fully support any budding planters looking to follow this trend, as not only does it result in a bathroom jungle escape but also some very happy plants. “It should come as no surprise that many plants love living in bathrooms - thanks to their humid and wet conditions. “With the conditions bathrooms provide, even the worst of plant parents can keep their moisture-loving greenery happy at home. “However, it is important to look into the specifics around your potted plants and ensure they are always receiving the correct amount of sunlight and water.” READ MORE: Ronan Keating’s quiet life in affluent Hertfordshire town The experts recommended using plants which will react best to the conditions of a bathroom. This includes ferns of all varieties and sizes, as well as Chinese evergreens. Snake plants, aloe vera, dragon plants and philodendrons are also some plants which will “thrive” in the humidity of a bathroom. The pros added: “Do incorporate orchids for some bathroom glamour. Orchids thrive in humid environments thanks to their tropical natural habitat. “Try adding a single elegant stem in a pot on a counter or windowsill.” Britons could also add a whole orchid into their bathroom if space permits. DON'T MISS:Steps to spray paint kitchen cupboards and get a ‘professional’ finish [EXPERT]Pest expert shares four methods to ‘deter’ rats from nesting outside [COMMENT]Four garden plants to always prune in winter [EXPLAINER] Britons should also try to use every surface in the bathroom if they can, hanging bathroom plants in different spots to see where they best thrive. A small plant could live on the bathroom counter in a small pot, while larger ones could be suspended from the ceiling. The experts also recommended filling any empty corners with a large fern or added foliage, no matter how small or “dingy” the area is. They added: “Do consider light requirements for your bathroom plants. If your bathroom has small windows and poor access to sunlight, integrate plants which thrive in partial shade.” READ MORE: Four crucial methods to keep houseplants warm this winter When it comes to looking after bathroom houseplants, many may place them into the bath and give them a nice shower. However, the experts said: “Don’t let the full force of the water rain down on plants placed in the shower. This can lead to overwatering and kill the roots. “Also don’t put any bathroom plants in pots without drainage holes as all of the water and extra moisture in the room will drive the roots of oxygen if not properly drained.” Some plants to be avoided in the bathroom include the cacti, which are one of the only plants that will find no benefits from living in the bathroom. The pros said that they’re from hot, dry places and are in no need of steam. Instead, during the summer months, they could be placed in a greenhouse or the conservatory. They added: “Don’t re-home plants to your bathroom if you have no natural light at all in there. Many apartment bathrooms are built without windows and are unable to support photosynthesis. “Also don’t limit yourself to potted plants. Tie a few stems of fresh eucalyptus together and hang over your shower head for both its aesthetic and physical health benefits. “Eucalyptus has been linked to relieving upper respiratory issues and aiding breathing congestion.”