Serving Met police officer PC Hussain Chehab has admitted to several child offences, including four counts of sexual activity with a girl aged 13 to 15. The Metropoltan Police confirmed that he committed several of the offences whilst he was a Safer Schools officer in Enfield, London. Chehab, 22 also pleaded guilty to three counts of making indecent photographs of a child and one count of engaging in sexual communications during a hearing at Wood Green Crown Court on Tuesday. Chehab's offending first came to light in July 2021 when the family of a 16-year-old girl called the force to raise concerns about the fact she had recently been in a relationship with PC Chehab, which they believed began when she was 15 years old. In August 2021 he was arrested and placed on restricted duties. After the devices were examined, a number of indecent images were found and he was further arrested in October. Further analysis revealed messages between PC Chehab and a 14-year-old girl engaging in sexual communication. She later provided evidence to the police that they had entered into a sexual relationship in 2019 when she was just 14. No verdict was recorded on a further four counts of making indecent photographs of a child so the Judge ordered they be left to lie on file. The Met confirmed that an accelerated misconduct process has been initiated and would be held as quickly as possible. In a statement Detective Chief Superintendent Caroline Haines, lead for policing in Enfield said the crimes were "sickening" adding that Chehab "exploited and took advantage for his own sexual gratification". Detective Haines continued: "These offences are made all the more sickening by the fact that some of the image offences were committed while PC Chehab was in a role as a Safer Schools officer attached to a secondary school in Enfield between May 2021 and his arrest in August 2021." She added that Chehab was immediately removed from his role following the initial allegations, confirming that the force is working with the school and local authorities in Enfield. “This news will of course cause considerable damage and concern, not only to the local community, but Londoners as a whole, who place their trust in police officers to go into our schools alongside their children every day and keep them safe," Detective Haines added.  Chehub is charged with four counts of sexual activity with a girl aged 13 to 15, between 1 March 2019 and September 2019 and pre-dated his service in the Met, three counts of making indecent photographs of a child and one count of engaging in sexual communication with a child. He has been released on bail and will be sentenced at Wood Green Crown Court on March 17. Judge John Dodd KC, warned Chehab he is facing a length prison sentence. "You have admitted some extremely serious offences and I don't want you to misunderstand, you must prepare yourself for a prison sentence," Judge Dodd said.  The latest scandal comes amid as the Met reviews around 1,100 officers in the force and over 1,600 cses following complaints of domestic or seual abuse. It follows the case of firearms officer David Carrick who addmittes 49 charges, including 24 counts of rape over an 18-year period. Met Police Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley said the force had "failed" and Carrick "should not have been a police officer". Carrick joined the Met in August 2001 after serving with the Army and worked with the force's parliamentary and diplomatic command from 2009. 