Dr. Divya Sokeen is a cosmetic dermatologist from Manhattan Beach, California. She shares her expert insights with her 51.2K followers on her TikTok account @drshoskin. In a recent insight, she shared the essential skincare for your 30s, which will ensure glowing skin in your 40s. Dr. Divya told her followers: "All right, welcome to the 30s club ladies. I'm a dermatologist, I'm going walk you through what to start with." The expert told fans that it's time to start using one absolutely vital product in your 30s, which you should have been using already. That is sunscreen. She said: "If you haven't been in your 20s, I don't know where you've been. Don't forget to do it in your 30s because your 40s are calling and it's time to wear sunscreen." READ MORE: How to look younger: Quick routine to get rid of '11 lines' - eliminate forehead wrinkles Another product it's time to start using, the skincare expert said, is retinol. Retinol is made from vitamin A and is proven to fight early signs of ageing. Dr. Divya said: "The retinol that you have lying on your counter in multiple different forms, actually use it. Use it every night. If you can't do it every night, do it two times a week but use it." Vitamin C will do the world of good for skin in its 30s, Dr. Divya said. She went on: "Wear the sunscreen, use retinol and if you want to be real fancy, start with the vitamin C. "It's going to help as an antioxidant and really give you that glow that you're looking for in your 40s." DON'T MISS'Boots' viral cleanser left my skin feeling hydrated' [REVIEW] 'I'm a skincare guru - this is my favourite way to give your face a glow' [EXPERT] Woman, 45, shares her huge spend on treatments like Botox [REAL LIFE] She went on: "Most importantly, this is the time to invest in cosmetic procedures so start with the Botox, a few chemical peels, maybe a Fraxel here and there, and you will thank me. A Fraxel laser is a treatment rising in popularity. It is often used for acne scarring and sun damage, but it can also be used for wrinkles and hyperpigmentation too. The laser works by damaging the skin with thermal energy, encouraging it to stimulate new healthy cells to replace the damaged ones. It encourages skin turnover and collagen production. On the other hand, there is one product the expert told skincare devotees to avoid buying. She advised: "Ditch the hyaluronic acid, it's in everything. Don't worry about buying expensive hyaluronic acid serum. It's not doing anything." One commenter asked the expert for product suggestions. She said: "Retinol recommendation? Vitamin C recommendation? Mid 30’s here trying to preserve what I have." The doctor said: "I'm biased, but honestly check out Oath MD Retinoath - Vitamin C + Retinol + Peptides."