WARNING: This article contains major spoilers from The Last of Us episode 3 Episode three of The Last of Us is called Long Long Time and the instalment’s title takes its name from the 1970 Linda Ronstadt track. The song is played a couple of times throughout the episode, most notably when Frank (played by Murray Bartlett) tries to perform it on Bill’s (Nick Offerman) antique piano. Frank gives a questionable rendition with Bill promptly taking over and giving an emotional performance with the pair then kissing. The track is then played again at the end of the episode when Joel (Pedro Pascal) and Ellie (Bella Ramsey) arrive at Bill and Frank’s town to find them dead. Joel and Ellie take the truck and leave town but not before the teen finds a cassette tape with Ronstadt’s music on and starts playing it. As the original version of Long Long Time starts to play, audiences see the duo driving off into the distance. Meanwhile, the camera cuts back to Bill and Frank’s room with the focus on the billowing curtains of their open window. READ MORE: Lea Michele branded ‘disrespectful’ after ‘pushing’ Sadie Sink The track’s lyrics seem to allude to an unrequited love with a woman singing about a man she feels deeply for but who doesn’t reciprocate her feelings. The lyrics read: “'Cause I've done everything I know to try and make you mine/And I think I'm gonna love you for a long long time,” suggesting at this endless love which can never be fulfilled. These lines are particularly poignant in The Last of Us because Frank asks Bill if he’s singing it about a girl. He denies it’s about a girl, which is when Frank realises Bill is gay and kisses him with the pair later having sex. READ MORE: Who plays Bill and Frank? When Bill performs the song, there’s the suggestion he has been caught up in a one-way love with the object of his affections not feeling the same as him. Some of the other lines towards the end are: “'Cause I've done everything I know to try and change your mind/And I think I'm gonna miss you for a long long time.” These could allude to Frank’s decision to end his life with Bill’s help to administer an overdose and more generally the pair’s love for each other. The last line reads: “And I think I'm gonna love you for a long long time,” which hints at the couple’s enduring love for each other. The other importance of this song as it rings out the episode is the fact it’s from the 1970s, which means in Bill and Frank’s radio code there is new stock coming in. This works on two levels, firstly it suggests Joel and Ellie finally got the car battery they so desperately needed. On another level, there is a sense of optimism with the track, compared to the 1980’s Depeche Mode song Never Let Me Down which spelled trouble for them at the close of episode one. Moreover, Ronstadt’s track hints at hope on the horizon as Joel and Ellie try to get to his brother Tommy (Gabriel Luna). The track by Ronstadt was featured in the singer-songwriter’s debut album Hand Sown… Home Grown. Long Long Time would be her big breakout hit and ended up riding high in the Billboard Hot 100 charts and making it all the way to 25. Ronstadt was nominated for a Grammy for the song, going up against Anne Murray, Bobbie Gentry and Diana Ross. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle 'converted' Prince Harry to 'new religion of woke' [INSIGHT]3 big Emmerdale spoilers as lovers reunite and blackmail rocks village [THEORIES]Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row [UPDATE] She previously told Esquire in 1985 about recording the song: “I can remember the day I recorded Long, Long Time. “It was 10:30 in the morning, but I was really into this kind of achy feeling, because the music – it’s in these chords. I think my phrasing was horrible.” The musician continued: “I think I kind of butchered it, but it is definitely in those chords. And it happened to the musicians, who are jaded session players. “As soon as the fiddle player and Weldon Myrick, who’s the steel guitar [player], began to play those chords, they got real into that and became personally involved.” The Last of Us airs on HBO and HBO Max on Sundays at 9pm EST in the US and on Sky Atlantic and NOW on Mondays at 2am and 9pm