LeBron James has been told that Rui Hachimura is exactly what he and the Los Angeles Lakers need to improve their roster and give them any chance of success this season after a poor start.  The Lakers traded bench scorer Kendrick Nunn, who has played a lesser role this season, and a number of second round draft picks to acquire the Japanese-American Hachimura. The power forward came into the league as a highly-touted prospect, and has had a number of impressive moments, but has been inconsistent and in-and-out of the starting lineup for the struggling Wizards ever since he was taken with the ninth overall pick in 2019. Hachimura will add size and the ability to shoot from deep, but does have middling numbers with his outside shot - shooting 33% this season, whilst averaging 13 points per game and four rebounds. Whilst it's a solid addition, it will be one that James will feel is not enough to put them over the line into playoff contending, having admittedly being frustrated with the lack of additions and their current direction. However, James has been told that Hachimura is what they need. Speaking on UNDISPUTED, Shannon Sharpe said: "He is a sharpshooter and that is what the Lakers need. He shoots well and wide open three point shots. A lot of guys can shoot though, but all of a sudden when they get with LeBron... they're in a bright light. "Only a hand full of guys have ever been able to rise to the occasion for James. But for the Lakers, they are undersized, so Hachimura will help with that and he played really well in his last game, scoring 30 points against Orlando." The Lakers have much work to do their roster, and will likely be unable to do so until this summer, once players leave the team in free agency. Russell Westbrook is currently taking up a large amount of the Lakers cap space whilst on a max contract, but he is expected to leave the team once is deal is up in June. It remains to be seen if the Lakers will keep hold of Anthony Davis, who has been an incredible player for the team but struggles to remain on the court with constant injuries.