   A new season of Love Island is now underway and ITV viewers have been taking to Twitter to share their thoughts on the new cast. Among the fans were a few celebrities, who weren’t afraid to share their opinions about the latest line-up.    Strictly Come Dancing star Tyler kicked off the series of Love Island-related tweets last night. “Love island… oh go on then let’s av a watch,” he penned casually. (sic) I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! star Babatunde Aléshé also tweeted: “#LoveIsland LETS GO!!!!!!” (sic) Soon afterwards, the celebs quickly complained when ITV faced a glitch early on in the show. READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss  “Itv fix your transmission,” wrote Babatunde, while the Masked Singer judge Mo Gilligan added: “Nah ITV need to update their IOS #LoveIsland.” (sic) Then the stars began sharing their initial impressions of some of the contestants, with Kai Fagan receiving some considerable attention. Kai was all smiles after he appeared to be very popular with the Love Island ladies. After telling host Maya Jama that he wanted to find “the one” on the ITV show, he initially stepped forward for Anna-May Robey, who chose him in return.      However, the tides soon turned when he was “stolen” by ring girl Olivia Hawkins, who he did not step forward for. In a shock twist, he then decided to ditch Olivia to step forward for Tanyel Revan, who also picked him back. In response to all of this, Tyler cheekily tweeted: “Kai has such a strong trim it has him too gassed, ahhh smh (shaking my head).” (sic) While Mo simply quipped: “Kai looks like every Bournemouth player.” READ MORE... Cliff Richard's agony as friend who lived with him for 30 years dies [UPDATE] Kelly Osbourne fumes as mum Sharon unveils newborn son's name [LATEST] Carol Vorderman shares rare family insight in outing with son Cameron [NEWS]     Meanwhile parasport athlete and I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! star Kadeena Cox was left confused by bombshell contestant Tom Clare. “Barnsley are trying to qualify for the championship and you left mid season,” she wrote with an inquisitive emoji in reference to the football player. Strictly’s Rhys Stephenson also made a joke about a couple of the contestants’ names, including contestant Anna-May. “So are we gonna start a trend of calling Anna-May every Japanese anime under the sun on an Arabella/Artichoke ting or nah?” he asked.      Celebs including Kadeena and Loose Women’s Judi love were also quick to praise new host Maya for stunning debut on the ITV show. “Now understanding why Stormzy keeps writing songs about Maya,” wrote Kadeena in reference to the rapper’s previous romance with the presenter. “@MayaJama a natural! #LoveIsland,” Judi added in support. (sic) Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV.    