Rafael Nadal's wife was seen in tears as the world No 2 required an off-court medical time-out for a fresh injury during his Australian Open second-round match against Mackenzie McDonald. The defending champion could be seen wincing in pain before calling the physio to court towards the end of the second set while the mood in his player camp looked sombre, and he ultimately lost 6-4 6-4 7-5. Nadal was outplayed by the world No 65 for the first set-and-a-half before injury started to set in towards the back end of the second, with the 2022 champion in Melbourne seen crouching down on his thigh after struggling to push off it. He called the physio to court and received some initial treatment and assessment but was taken off the court for his medical time-out, sparking concern among his team. As the camera panned over his player box, coach Carlos Moya could be seen looking anxious while his wife Mery Perello was seen shedding tears before wiping them away. It's not the first time Nadal's team has intervened during an injury scare as they urged him to retire during his Wimbledon quarter-final against Taylor Fritz last year - orders the world No 2 defied before managing to win in five sets. But it was the first time his wife or anyone in his camp was seen showing such emotion. JUST IN: Australian Open umpire dives off chair and chases fan after theft  Nadal had already been a set-and-a-break down before the injury struck, but he opted to continue the match when he returned from his treatment. The 22-time Grand Slam champion quickly lost the second set but started to pick up in the third as he shortened the points and stayed with the American. Having saved a break point ato hold for 5-4, the 36-year-old didn't win another game as McDonald broke to go 6-5 up and serve for the match, closing it out in two hours and 32 minutes. Nadal then walked to the centre of the court to wave goodbye to the Rod Laver Arena crowd before exiting, while his opponent addressed his decision not to retire. DON'T MISSDjokovic defies umpire and sprints off court past security at Aus OpenOns Jabeur makes kinky husband remark after Australian Open winDjokovic's parents return to Australia after claims son was 'tortured'  Watch every match from the Australian Open live and exclusive on discovery+ and Eurosport "He is an incredible champion," the 27-year-old said. "He is never going to give up regardless of the situation. Closing it out like that against that guy is always tough. I am happy I kept focusing on myself and I got through. Last time we played on Court Philippe-Chatrier (at the French Open) he kicked my butt. I was glad to play him on a hardcourt." It remains to be seen whether Nadal's injury affects his upcoming schedule, with the world No 2 next set to compete in the Dubai ATP 500 from February 27. If he is able to play, it will be his first time at the tournament in 15 years.