Arsenal are continuing to chase Moises Caicedo despite Brighton's stubborn approach after rejecting their second offer for the highly-rated midfielder. The Gunners are keen to land the Ecuador international before the transfer deadline on Tuesday, but it seems their approach has arrived too late in the window for Mikel Arteta to secure another signing. The north London outfit have spent £43m in January after adding Leandro Trossard and Jakub Kiwior to their squad as Arteta prepares for their most serious title challenge in eight years. Caicedo is seen as the final piece in the puzzle, but Arsenal could be made to regret not trying to sign the 21-year-old earlier this month. The midfielder has been clear in his attempts to force a move to the Premier League leaders and Roberto De Zerbi admitted he is prepared to "move on" without him. However, as it stands, he will be staying at the Amex Stadium after Brighton turned down Arsenal's latest offer - believed to be £65m plus £5m in add-ons. Had Arsenal moved earlier in the opening stages of the transfer window, Brighton would have accepted an offer of £70m, according to CBS Sports' Ben Jacobs. But with little time to find a replacement, their valuation has increased to £90m, with the knowledge the club won't go that high after cooling their interest in Mykhaylo Mudryk for a similar reason. READ MORE: Arsenal told of two Caicedo alternatives for Arteta after bid rejected The Gunners clearly did not learn their lesson from their previous experience of dealing with Brighton over signing Ben White. It took sporting director Edu Gaspar at least four weeks of tough negotiating to finally get their man and not for a penny less than their original £50m asking price. Quite why Arsenal thought it would be different this time around when negotiating for Caicedo is anyone's guess. Brighton have recently sold Marc Cucurella to Chelsea for £62m, again receiving a fee that had been inflated by their firm stance, and held out for £26m to sell Trossard, who in six months' time would have been available for nothing. They are shrewd operators in the market, both in recruiting talent from obscure areas of the world and extracting high fees for their most talented players. Caicedo was snapped up for just £4.5m only two years ago from Independiente del Valle and now could be sold for a fee 15 times the original amount. DON'T MISSChelsea decide on new Caicedo transfer bid after Arsenal offer snubbedCaicedo 'owes Brighton nothing' as star backed to get Arsenal moveCaicedo 'fails to show for Brighton training' as Arsenal plot new bid In any case, all hope is not yet lost. Caicedo has made it difficult to stay with his current employers after his public plea to sign for Arsenal and it may be the best move for all parties if the deal goes through. If Arsenal pull out, it would leave him with Chelsea - who could return for the youngster if they fail in their bid to clinch Enzo Fernandez's signature - his only viable option. That would represent a double blow for Arsenal, who have already been outbid by their London rivals once in this window. But the club only have themselves to blame if they miss out Caicedo after failing to recognise their opportunity.