Tennis coach David Felgate, who notably coached former British No.1 Tim Henman for nine years, believes 21-year-old prospect Jack Draper could dominate the sport like the 'Big Three' Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic. Draper enjoyed an impressive 2022, winning four challenger titles, reaching his first ATP semifinal and leapfrogging Andy Murray to become the British No. 3. And Felgate believes the young star has a big future, stating he has "all the attributes needed to go right to the top of the sport". In an interview with Tennishead, Felgate was asked if he felt there was a player who has the potential to dominate the sport in the way Federer, Nadal and Djokovic have and replied: "Certainly... Jack Draper. "What he has shown, his game, his abilities, his love of the sport – he ticks every box and I like the journey that he has taken, step by step and a big jump this year. He has got all the attributes needed to go right to the top of the sport." JUST IN: Djokovic and Medvedev share reaction to Alcaraz Aus Open withdrawal Murray has also praised the talented Brit, telling the ATP Tour podcast last year: "Jack is one of the best prospects on the tour right now. He's not played loads of tennis in comparison to a lot of the young guys around his age, he's had quite a lot of injuries and setbacks over the last few years. "He's a big guy and I think that that's normal. You know, for that to happen when he was, still growing and everything and adjusting to full time tennis essentially. "Professional tennis is a bit different. And I think yeah, he's had a brilliant year and I expect him to keep going higher next season." DON'T MISSDjokovic addresses injury concern as he admits Aus Open 'crossed mind'Djokovic conquers physical concerns to beat Medvedev in statement winDjokovic has off-court medical time out with physio in Medvedev clash Anne Keothovong, meanwhile, has also described Draper as an "unbelievable competitor", telling Sky Sports: "With Jack, he is one of the best youngsters on the ATP tour, and he plays explosive and exciting tennis. The fact that he has improved as much as he has this past 12 months just shows what he is capable of. "Compared to a lot of guys his age, he hasn't actually played that much. He has had a lot of injuries and chunks of time out, but he is an unbelievable competitor and has a fantastic attitude, so I am excited to see what the next year holds for him."