Liverpool could sign Moises Caicedo for £20million cheaper than what they had previously been told, according to reports. Thiago Alcantara is the only permanent central midfield signing Liverpool have made since 2018 and they're in desperate need of freshening things up. Naby Keita looks set to leave the club this summer having been riddled with injury issues throughout his time at Anfield. James Milner recently turned 37 years of age and his fitness problems have also limited his minutes while the likes of Jordan Henderson, Curtis Jones and Thiago have similarly missed a number of games through injury. It's left Jurgen Klopp short of options in midfield with the club's No 1 priority being a move for Jude Bellingham this summer. They'll have to beat the likes of Manchester City, Real Madrid and Bayern Munich to his signature with Europe's elite all gunning for the England sensation. But Bellingham alone is unlikely to change Liverpool's fortunes in midfield even if they do win the race for his signature. It's been reported that Liverpool will likely target two midfielders over the next 12 months. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  They'll like have to do that without sporting director Ward, who announced earlier this season that he will be stepping down at the end of the campaign. He's helped the club sign Luis Diaz and most recently Cody Gakpo while also overseeing negotiations on Mohamed Salah's new contract. The January transfer window will likely be Ward's last involvement for incoming players and there may be an opportunity for him to make one final impact on Klopp's squad. Caicedo has long been linked with a move to Liverpool, but Brighton have previously played hardball in talks. The south coast team had previously demanded a fee in the region of £85million for the Ecuador international. But The Mirror claim Brighton have dropped that asking price by £20m this month in a potential boost for Liverpool's transfer hopes.  Chelsea and Newcastle are both said to be interested, but Liverpool are reportedly just 'as well-placed as their rivals'. Brighton CEO Paul Barber recently spoke about Caicedo's future at the Amex Stadium, admitting he's not received any official offers yet. “I’m pleased to say we haven’t had any [offers],” Barber told CBS Sports. “Maybe they [Liverpool] haven’t got my email because I haven’t seen any.” “I am not sure £42 million will even include the boots now, maybe just the laces. But joking aside, every player’s value is ultimately determined by the market. Graham’s comments were part in jest [Graham Potter said £42m would only get Caicedo's boots] but part serious because Moises has been an exceptional player for us."