The weekend is finally here, which means it's time to put the working week behind you and relax. With this in mind, put your feet up, grab a cuppa, and take on the latest Wordle puzzle. Available for the next 24-hours only, Wordle 567 is a tough customer, which is why you might need a little help to figure out the answer. If you want to keep your winning streak alive, head to the bottom of the page for a brand new selection of spoiler-free hints and clues for January 7. The game that spawned a thousand clones, the aim of Wordle is to figure out a five letter word in just six guesses. To solve the puzzle, you'll need to pay close attention to the colour of the tiles. If the tile turns grey, then the letter you've guessed doesn't appear in the final word. If it turns yellow, then the letter appears in the word, just not in that position. A green tile means the letter is in the word and in the correct place. The game is so popular that there's even a Lord of the Rings themed Wordle called Lordle, a musical variant called Heardle, and a hardcore Wordle game called Quordle - where the aim is to guess four words instead of just one. If you're not great with words, then you'll prefer something like Nerdle, where you've got to figure out a maths equation. Four best Wordle starting words to make you a 'Wordle Master' - expert tips If you're here for Wordle 567 hints, check out the latest clues for the January 7 puzzle below... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 567 hints and clues for January 7... 1. Wordle 567 starts with the letter L. 2. Wordle 567 contains two vowels. 3. Don't let this puzzle get the bitter of you.