Barely three months on from his retirement, tennis fans have been treated to a welcome sight after Roger Federer updated supporters that he was "back on the court." The Swiss superstar brought the curtain down on a glittering 24-year career in September but always insisted he would "play more tennis in future." And Federer is living up to that vow after posting pictures from his most recent on-court expedition. The comeback wasn't quite what many will have expected, however, given the 20-time Grand Slam champion came equipped with a different style of racquet. Federer, 41, posted on social media that he was "excited to be back on the court with Severino" in a series of photos and videos. His return was strictly in the unofficial sense, however, as he participated in a friendly game of Padel doubles. Padel is on the rise as a less pressurised format of the sport, usually played in pairs and in enclosed courts, like the one used by Federer and friends in his latest update. The alternative first originated in Acapulco, Mexico, in the late 1960s and is enjoying a surge in popularity after a string of pros have taken to promoting it in their past-times. READ MORE: Novak Djokovic ties Nadal with Adelaide title win over Seb Korda in Australian Open boost  Rafael Nadal's academy in Majorca is equipped with numerous Padel courts and has long promoted the alternative sport. Athletes from other fields have also shone a spotlight on the sport in recent years, including football icons likes Neymar, David Beckham and Zlatan Ibrahimovic. The 'Severino' mentioned in Federer's caption is presumably a nod to Severino Iezzi, the Argentinian tennis coach widely regarded as one of Padel's pioneers. Not that the veteran likely requires any tips on how to go about his business on court. Fans far and wide were quick to show their love for Federer upon seeing him back in his natural habitat, with one Twitter user writing they were "happy to see he's still swinging a racquet!" Others weren't as enthused about the fact he was playing another form of a racquet sport as one fan called his activity a 'betrayal' while another responded: "As much as I admire you, a paddle tennis court is just not the same..." DON'T MISSDaniil Medvedev seen 'mocking' Novak Djokovic injury in Adelaide International lossNaomi Osaka withdraws from Australian Open as concerns grow over tennis futureNovak Djokovic 'kicks someone out of his box' after losing first set of Adelaide final Professional Padel player Cecilia Reiter was stunned to see one of tennis' greats promoting her side of the sport. "Are you playing padel," she asked in the replies, accompanied by a teary-eyed emoji. "I think I (sic) gonna die." To his credit, Federer looked spry around the court as he gave fans a glimpse of his current condition. The first man to win 20 major titles will surely turn his attention back to the orthodox format ahead of the 2023 Australian Open, which gets underway in Melbourne on January 16.