A 13-year-old Palestinian opened fire in east Jerusalem on Saturday, injuring two Israelis - a day after another attacker killed seven people outside a synagogue what is in the deadliest attack in the city since 2008. The shooting, in the Palestinian neighbourhood of Silwan in east Jerusalem, close to the historic Old City, wounded a father and son, ages 47 and 23, paramedics said. Both were fully conscious and in moderate to serious condition in the hospital, the medics added. Authorities taped off the street, emergency vehicles and security forces swarmed the area and helicopters whirled overhead. Israeli police spokesman Dean Elsdunne said the teenager opened fire on a group of five civilians. Security footage showed the victims to be observant Jews, wearing skullcaps and tzitzit or knotted ritual tassels. He added: “He waited to ambush civilians on the holy Sabbath day." Saturday's events - the day before US Secretary of State Antony Blinken's arrival in the region - raised the possibility of even greater violence in one of the bloodiest months in Israel and the occupied West Bank in several years. On Friday, a Palestinian gunman killed a 70-year-old woman and at least six others in a Jewish settlement in east Jerusalem, captured by Israel in 1967 and later annexed in a move not internationally recognised. The attacks pose a huge test for Israel’s new far-right government. Its firebrand minister of national security, Itamar Ben-Gvir, has presented himself as an enforcer of law and order and grabbed headlines for his vow to take even stronger action against the Palestinians. The Israeli army said it had deployed another battalion to the West Bank on Saturday, adding hundreds more troops to a presence already on heightened alert in the occupied territory. In the Jenin refugee camp, the site of a deadly Israeli military raid on Thursday which fuelled the latest escalation, footage showed Palestinians dancing and cheering in celebration of the shooting on Saturday. Palestinian detainees who celebrated in prison after Friday's attack have been placed in solitary confinement, the Israeli prison service said. READ MORE: Poland boosts Zelensky by sending tanks as PM takes swipe at Putin Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said he would convene his Security Cabinet later, after the Sabbath, which ends at sundown, to discuss a further response to the attack near the synagogue. Security forces launched a crackdown in east Jerusalem, fanning out into the neighbourhood of the 21-year-old Palestinian gunman, who was shot and killed at the scene. Police pulled in 42 of his family members and neighbours for questioning in the At-Tur neighborhood. Police Chief Kobi Shabtai permanently moved a force, similar to a S.W.A.T. team, in the city, instructing police to work 12-hour shifts. He urged the public to call a hotline if they see anything suspicious. The earlier Friday attack came a day after an Israeli military raid killed nine Palestinians in Jenin camp in the West Bank, prompting a rocket barrage from Gaza and retaliatory Israeli airstrikes. Although calm had appeared to take hold after the limited exchange of fire between Israel and Gaza militants, tensions were running high in Jerusalem and the West Bank. DON'T MISSKay Burley's live broadcast abruptly interrupted by Russian missiles [VIDEO]Even Conservative voters think Zahawi should quit over tax scandal [POLL]Hunt has gone from Christmas tax Grinch to beacon of Brexit hope [COMMENT] Last year, as the Israeli military intensified its arrest raids following a string of deadly Palestinian attacks within Israel, at least 150 Palestinians were killed in the occupied West Bank and east Jerusalem. It was the highest annual death toll for more than a decade and a half. Thirty people were killed in Palestinian attacks against Israelis last year. Israel says most of the dead were militants. But youths protesting the incursions and others not involved in the confrontations also have been killed. The Israeli military contends its raids are meant to dismantle militant networks and thwart attacks. But Palestinians say they further entrench Israel’s 55-year, open-ended occupation of the West Bank, captured along with east Jerusalem and the Gaza Strip in the 1967 Mideast war. The Palestinians demand east Jerusalem as the capital of a future independent state, and much of the world considers it illegally occupied. Israel claims it is a united, sovereign capital. Home to the shrines of all three major monotheistic religions, the contested capital has been the centerpiece of spiking tensions between Israelis and Palestinians for years. Both Palestinian attackers behind the shootings on Friday and Saturday came from east Jerusalem. Palestinian residents of east Jerusalem hold permanent residency status, allowing them to work and move freely throughout Israel, but they are not permitted to vote in national elections. Residency rights can be stripped if a Palestinian is found to live outside the city for an extended period or in certain security cases. Although their standard of living is generally better than in the West Bank and Gaza, Palestinian residents of the city receive a fraction of the services that Jewish residents do. They also complain of home demolitions and the near impossibility of obtaining Israeli building permits. 