Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has hailed Luke Shaw for giving him an ‘extra option’ at centre-back. The England international had never played in the centre of a back four before the Red Devils’ last two Premier League outings, but has impressed alongside Raphael Varane. Shaw’s inclusion as a centre-back in United’s 3-0 win over Nottingham Forest last week was a surprise, but he performed well and contributed to a clean sheet. The 27-year-old followed that up with another good display in Saturday’s 1-0 triumph against Wolves. He is playing in the position because Harry Maguire and Victor Lindelof are ill. Lisandro Martinez has also not yet played after winning the World Cup with Argentina though has now returned to training. Ten Hag believes Shaw has been ‘fabulous’ and now knows he has an extra option alongside usual centre-backs, Varane, Maguire, Lindelof and Martinez. He pointed out that Shaw’s passing ability from deep is a key asset. “We have seen the last two games he has been fabulous. He has impressed but, of course, we also know he's really good as a left full-back,” the United head coach said. JUST IN: Sancho accused of turning up late for training ahead of Man Utd return “It’s an extra option and that’s always good for a team. Of course, you have your ideas and a plan, but sometimes it changes by circumstances like the illnesses for Harry and Victor. “Normally, they start in the games we have just played, but then Casemiro did well as a centre-half against Burnley and then Luke did very well against Nottingham Forest. Also you look at the game plan, the way we had to approach Wolves, and I thought it was the best match with Rapha and Luke. “Especially as we knew the speed of Wolves from the right side and we could cover that because we wanted to attack over the left side with our offensive game from Tyrrell Malacia. That was a good fit and also in possession you can have better angles with the left foot.” Shaw revealed after United’s victory over Wolves that he was ‘really enjoying’ playing in his new position. He told United’s official channels: "We've got a lot of world-class centre-backs here, but I'm not going to lie, I've been really enjoying it. DON'T MISS...Man Utd final movement for Felix ‘awaited’ by Atletico in new twistEverton 'knocking on the door' for Anthony Elanga move in next stepEnzo Fernandez to Chelsea 'really advanced' with Blues on cusp of deal “It's something very different and something I've not experienced before. I've played at centre-back but in a three - and it is totally different. "The manager has needed me to play there and I'm happy to play wherever, as long as I'm on that pitch. It always helps when you've got someone with the world-class ability next to me like Varane. He's spoken to me a lot, not just during the game, but before, and I've really enjoyed it. "And of course the ones that are not playing like Vic and Harry have been extremely helpful to me with giving details on what to do. The most important thing for me today was winning and keeping another clean sheet." United face Bournemouth in the Premier League on Tuesday. It remains to be seen if Shaw remains in the centre of defence.