The United States would incur significant losses were a war with China begin, a new study into the potential consequences of conflict in Asia. Tensions between Washington and Beijing have heightened in recent months over China's hostile conduct towards Taiwan. A wargaming exercise from the CSIS International Security Program has shown the United States Navy would be unprepared to sustain an open war with its Chinese counterpart because of a narrow technological advance. Estimating Taiwan is capable of resisting the initial attack until US and Japanese forces are able to intervene, the US Navy would lose "dozens of ships, hundreds of aircraft, and thousands of service members." Report authors Mark Cancian, Matthew Cancian and Eric Heginbotham said: "Such losses would damage the US global position for many years. "While Taiwan’s military is unbroken, it is severely degraded and left to defend a damaged economy on an island without electricity and basic services. "China also suffers heavily. Its navy is in shambles, the core of its amphibious forces is broken, and tens of thousands of soldiers are prisoners of war." JUST IN: DeSantis 'cannot accomplish what Trump has' as Florida governor prepares for 2024 bid They also warned US losses in a month of conflict with China would surpass the casualties of the War in Afghanistan over 20 years. The report said: "The United States would sustain as many personnel casualties in a month of such conflict as in 20 years of wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. "The scale and suddenness of such losses would shock a U.S. population unaccustomed to significant military losses." The authors warned that Beijing would "take enormous risks in launching such an operation," but could still pursue alternative means to undermine Taiwanese defences. READ MORE: Kamala Harris fails to win Vice President endorsement from Democrat Elizabeth Warren Retired US Navy chief William Toti, who led the United States anti-submarine strategy warned the country is not ready enough for conflict. Toti told the Daily Beast: "We are nowhere near adequately prepared. "I fear that we've awakened a sleeping giant. They have more ships than we do. They have more industrial capacity than we do." The report comes after a US General warned the United States could be at war with China as early as 2025 amid the growing hostility Beijing has shown towards Taiwan. DON'T MISS: Love Island sickness tears through the villa [LATEST]GB News hotly debate if Harry and Meghan should attend coronation [SPOTLIGHT]Trump is 'savvier' and a 'more difficult adversary', insider says [ANALYSIS] Four-star Air Force general Mike Minihan instructed his staff to prepare for potential conflict with China in the next two years. In a memo to personnel, Minihan said: "My gut tells me we will fight in 2025. Xi secured his third term and set his war council in October 2022. "Taiwan’s presidential elections are in 2024 and will offer Xi a reason. United States’ presidential elections are in 2024 and will offer Xi a distracted America. Xi’s team, reason, and opportunity are all aligned for 2025." The Department of Defence however tried to downplay the warning, with a spokesman saying that "these comments are not representative of the department’s view on China."