The future and wellbeing of Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis is "none of Harry's business", a royal author has claimed. The Duke of Sussex said in a recent interview he "worries" about the other spares in the family and directly referred to the younger son and daughter of Prince William and Kate, the Prince and Princess of Wales. But publicly discussing children is a "dangerous road to go down" for Prince Harry, royal author and editor of Majesty magazine Ingrid Seward has warned. She told The Sun: "Harry should lay off Prince William’s children. In fact, he should lay off everybody and button it now. "It is a very dangerous road to go down, to start talking about other people’s children. "And what he says Prince William said to him is absolutely right — they are William’s responsibility and not his, so he should keep out of it. "It is none of Harry’s business. But Harry has become dangerous to his family, and to himself, because he can lob in his little asides whenever he wants." Speaking to The Telegraph's Bryony Gordon, Harry described himself as someone who "likes to fix things", suggesting he wanted to make changes to the monarchy. He went on to say he worries for other "spares" in the Firm, adding: "As I know full well, within my family, if it’s not us, it’s going to be someone else." The Duke conceded Prince William had already made it clear to him George, Charlotte and Louis's future are not his "responsibility". READ MORE: Prince Harry 'very sad' royal feud with Prince William not resolved He said: "And though William and I have talked about it once or twice, and he has made it very clear to me that his kids are not my responsibility, I still feel a responsibility knowing that out of those three children, at least one will end up like me, the spare. And that hurts, that worries me." Much like King Charles and Prince William before him, Prince George is destined to become the next Prince of Wales and, after that, Britain's sovereign. On the other hand, the path for Charlotte and Louis to walk is not as clear as their elder brother's. While it is expected the siblings, once adult, will support the King and the Crown through their royal engagements and charitable work, there is also the chance they may opt for a more private life. Neither Kensington Palace nor Buckingham Palace have commented on the allegations and criticism made by Harry in his book and recent interviews. However, the Prince of Wales gave an answer to a royal well-wisher during his first official engagement of the year which led many royal watchers to believe he was referring to his brother. Upon visiting the Royal Liverpool University Hospital with the Princess of Wales on Thursday, William exchanged a few words with 81-year-old Sylvia Staniford, who told him: "Keep going, keep going. Scousers love you." William smiled at her warmly and replied: "Yes, I will." Mrs Staniford said afterwards: "Of course that was a reference to Harry. He knew what I was talking about."