The son of F1 legend James Hunt has had a genetic DNA test after six close family deaths including his mum. Freddie, aged 35, is a racing driver like his father and is aiming for success in the European Le Mans series this year. Hunt Jr was just five years old when his Hunt Sr died of a heart attack at the age of 45 after winning the F1 world championship and 10 race wins. Hunt Jr's paternal uncle and maternal grandfather both side of heart attacks. His mother, Sarah Lomax, also tragically did in 2014 with breast cancer aged 57, and another two of his uncles on his father’s side also died of cancer. “I was 27 when my mum died,” Hunt Jr told the Mirror. “I wasn’t in a very good place at the time. It really knocked me for six. The worst part is I didn’t realise she was going to die until a few weeks before she did. I thought she was going to beat it. Unbeknown to me it was always terminal, but I didn’t get the memo.” Hunt Jr, who lives on the Isle of Bute in Scotland, met his fiancée and fellow racing driver Aimee Watts in October 2021. It was Watts who put the idea to her partner that he could have a genetic test for cancer or heart issues after the history of deaths in his family. READ MORE: Inside Charles Leclerc's house, cars and girlfriend split after amassing huge F1 fortune   “To be honest I didn’t even know you could genetically test for cancer or heart issues," he added. "Aimee and her mum were saying I should look into it and then I learned about the Goodbody Clinic that did private tests and it all came together." The DNA test taken at home indicates whether somebody was at an increased risk of developing eight different types of cancer – including checks on BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes – and four different cardiac diseases. Fortunately the racing driver's results were positive.  DON'T MISS: "Thankfully they show I don’t have a predisposition to any cancer or cardiac issues," Hunt Jr added. "I will do what I can to live to a ripe old age. I would very much like to have children and I don’t want to die on them when they’re five years old.” The Scottish racing driver spoke about the effect losing his family members has had on him over the years. He added: "The loss of a loved one is ghastly. It takes a small chunk out of me every time it happens. And it’s happened a few times. It leaves me with a very empty feeling, and I don’t want it to happen any more." 