Marcus Rashford was full of praise for Alejandro Garnacho after Manchester United came from behind to stun Manchester City. The match-winner claimed the young Argentine changed the game by bringing a different 'dynamic' to proceedings. United looked to be slipping to a narrow defeat to their Manchester rivals after Jack Grealish opened the scoring with a header on the hour mark. However, the Red Devils turned the game on its head with two goals in the space of four minutes through Bruno Fernandes and Rashford. It was the introduction of Garnacho which helped turn the game. The 18-year-old replaced Christian Eriksen after 72 minutes and his pace on the left wing helped stretch the game and turned the tide in his favour. Match-winner Rashford reserved special praise for the teenager after the match, praising him for helping to turn the game. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Speaking to BT Sport the England international said: "It’s a change of dynamics, and I think I’ve said this many times before but the options we’ve got coming off the bench even when we’ve had injuries at times this year in the forward line and sometimes everyone has played out of position - Bruno has today - but everyone puts in a shift. "We’ve got players like Garnacho who are young, hungry and ready to come on and make a difference, anything is possible. We’re very pleased to come back, get the three points and now it’s about moving on to the next game." After the match, United legend Paul Scholes insisted he always believed his former side could get back into proceedings, joining Rashford in giving special praise to Garnacho. READ MORE:Arsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWFive Man Utd transfer targets off limits 'even if Glazers sell up' after UEFA rule change  "I thought at 1-0 there’s a good chance they could get two," he told BT Sport. "As Joleon [Lescott] said City were in control of the game, 20 minutes after half-time, you are slightly worried. Marcus looked like he was injured or lazy, I’m not sure what it was, but these superstar players can produce moments that win games and you have to keep them on the pitch at all times. "I think a special mention for Garnacho as well, it was a massive influence when he came on - I’d argue a bit more of an influence than Anthony was - and he’s shown when he came into the game he can be so quick, it looks like he’s going to score goals, runs through all the time, and makes United look really dangerous." The result took United up to third place in the Premier League with the club now just one point off City despite the two teams enjoying widely contrasting starts to the season. 