Antonio Conte is out of contract at Tottenham at the end of the season. There has already been plenty of speculation that he could be on his way out of the club. Conte only signed an 18-month deal when he replaced the sacked Nuno Espirito Santo in late 2021. The Italian surpassed expectations by leading Spurs into a Champions League qualification spot in his first campaign in charge. However, after a superb start to this season, he has overseen a dramatic drop in form. Tottenham are in a fierce fight to finish in the top four, while their search for a trophy goes on. If Conte does leave, there will be five players in particular who could benefit. Express Sport looks at each of those cases individually. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Spurs fans were understandably excited by the signing of Spence last summer. He had shone on loan at Nottingham Forest in their promotion from the Championship last season. He was linked with a host of clubs, including north London rivals Arsenal, but Spurs won the race. However, Spence is still yet to make his full debut and has been restricted to brief substitute appearances. A new manager may see something in the England under-21 international that Conte clearly doesn't. Bissouma also arrived last summer, joining from Brighton for an initial £25m. But he has been unable to earn a regular starting spot. Just eight of his 22 appearances across the Premier League and Champions League have been as a starter. At 26, Bissouma is not young and will be desperate for more game time.  Senegal international Sarr was handed a surprise full Premier League debut in the 2-0 loss to Arsenal earlier this month. But he is well down the pecking order when everyone is fit. Sarr joined Spurs in 2021 but was loaned back to Metz for the entirety of last season. He has been linked with a move away but could get his chance if Conte goes. Gil has been given a chance on occasion this season but is not able to break into Conte's side. The Spaniard joined as part of the deal that saw Erik Lamela leave for Sevilla in 2021. He has shown glimpses of the quality he has with the ball at his feet. However, two starts in all competitions is nowhere near enough for the 21-year-old to fulfil his potential.  Academy graduate Skipp is perhaps now reaching an age where it's the last chance saloon for him at Spurs. It hasn't happened for him since Conte took over. At 22, Skipp would have at least hoped to start the FA Cup fourth-round tie at Preston on Saturday. He signed a new contract last April but he may need a new manager in charge for him to make it in north London. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 