Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has made changes ahead of tonight’s Premier League clash with Bournemouth. The Red Devils go into the game looking to continue their fine form. But, with the fallen giants facing off against Everton in the FA Cup on Friday, it seems as though he’s decided to gamble with his team selection for the game at Old Trafford. Manchester United have started to click under Ten Hag. Few gave them a shot of a good campaign earlier on in the season, particularly after woeful defeats to Brighton and Brentford. But the Red Devils have put those defeats behind them and, ahead of the game with Bournemouth, have lost just one of their last 15 matches across all competitions. They enter the game on a high after victories over Bournemouth, Nottingham Forest and Wolves since the World Cup. Express Sport now takes a look at United’s starting XI and picks out three players with a point to prove. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big On his day, there’s no denying Harry Maguire can be a key player for United. That, after all, is why they paid £80million to recruit him from Leicester back in 2019. But, over the past year or so, the England international has struggled to find consistency at club level. With United opting against starting Lisandro Martinez and Raphael Varane, Ten Hag has given Maguire a chance to prove his worth. The defender will be deployed alongside Victor Lindelof with Luke Shaw, who has responded well to playing as a centre-back, reverting to his normal position of left-back. Maguire will be hoping to keep a clean sheet upon returning to the United team, while he’ll also be aiming to show Ten Hag he can produce when the pressure is on. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Big things were expected of Donny van de Beek when he joined United from Ajax back in the summer transfer window of 2020. Unfortunately for the Red Devils, however, the Netherlands international has been a huge disappointment in the time since. Van de Beek has barely made an impression at United, struggling under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, Ralf Rangnick and Ten Hag so far. However, with the playmaker picked for tonight’s showdown, the spotlight is now his to take. Van de Beek will need to produce the goods because, if not, there’s every chance he’ll leave the club on loan again at some point this month. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United have decided to stick with Anthony Martial up top. With Cristiano Ronaldo gone, they have precious little options when it comes to the No 9 role. But though Martial has had his moments this term, it’ll be fascinating to see whether he can impress at the tip of his manager’s attack. Martial remains inconsistent, despite his five goals this term. And with United on the lookout for a new No 9, the floor is now his to show he can be the main man at Old Trafford. A goal, and an impressive all-round display, would certainly do enough to quieten the critics who think he doesn’t have what it takes to be Ten Hag’s talisman. Writing in his programme notes before kick off, Ten Hag admitted he was pleased with the improvement his side have made since his appointment. However, the 52-year-old also made it clear he feels they must keep getting better and better to bring the glory days back to Old Trafford. “We have a lot to do in the months ahead,” he wrote. “We are still not where we would like to be in the league, despite our steady improvement since the start of the season, and there's plenty to do in the cup competitions, because we want to reach finals and win silverware. “Being ambitious and demanding success is a fundamental part of representing Manchester United.” Full United XI: De Gea, Wan-Bissaka, Lindelof, Maguire, Shaw, Casemiro, Eriksen, Fernandes, Van de Beek, Rashford, Martial