 An excerpt from Pamela Anderson’s new book claims that Tim Allen flashed a then-23-year-old Pamela on the set of Home Improvement. However, the comedian has now spoken out against the allegations, declaring that the event “never happened”.   Hollywood heartthrob Pamela, 55, is set to release her new memoir, Love, Pamela, at the end of this month. A few excerpts have been published in the run-up to the book drop with some damning claims made against top celebrities in Hollywood. One such claim was that while filming on Tim’s sitcom Home Improvement, the actor had purposely flashed her. The actor has now spoken out against the claims, claiming in a statement to Express.co.uk: “I would never do such a thing.” READ MORE: Jamie Redknapp on 'perfect' wife Frida as he shares struggle to find love after Louise  Tim also claimed the events Pamela recalled “never happened”. Although the actress is now known for her Baywatch role, Pamela actually made her television debut on Tim’s '90s sitcom Home Improvement when she was 23. The actress had a regular role as Lisa, The Tool Time Girl from 1991, but had originally garnered fame as a Playboy model. Pamela’s new memoir makes a bombshell claim about her time on Home Improvement, alleging that Tim flashed her to get “even”.     At the time, Tim was 37 and an established Hollywood veteran, having been in the industry for almost a decade already. Pamela claimed in her memoir: “On the first day of filming, I walked out of my dressing room, and Tim was in the hallway in his robe. “He opened his robe and flashed me quickly - completely naked underneath.” Pamela recalled the actor referring to her work at Playboy, claiming: “He said it was only fair, because he had seen me naked. Now we’re even. I laughed uncomfortably.”  The actress continued to appear in a large majority of season one and two of the show before heading to the set of Baywatch. However, she also returned to Home Improvement years later, making a final appearance in 1997. Another excerpt from the explosive memoir sees the actress address her notorious relationship with ex-husband Tommy Lee and the 2022 series Pam and Tommy, which documented the couple’s sex tape scandal. The actress and the Motley Crue drummer met in 1995 and got married four days later after a whirlwind romance.  People reported that in the excerpt, Pamela explains: “We just wanted to have babies and be together forever. “My relationship with Tommy may have been the only time I was ever truly in love.” In 1996, the couple’s private sex tape was stolen and reportedly sold on the web, which the actress declared “ruined” their relationship. She continued to say it was: “Unforgivable that people, still to this day, think they can profit from such a terrible experience.” Express.co.uk has contacted Pamela Anderson's representatives for comment. Love, Pamela will be released on January 31.