Manchester United have had ‘recent dialogue’ as they explore a way to bring Joao Felix to Old Trafford this month, according to reports. The Portugal international will be allowed to leave Atletico Madrid on loan, having fallen out with Diego Simeone behind the scenes. However, a move to the Premier League is far from straightforward given the huge finances it would involve. Manchester United are aware they’re short in attack at present, with Anthony Martial their main striker following the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo at the tail end of last year. And though they’ve also been linked with Alvaro Morata and Memphis Depay, it appears Felix is another option under consideration. According to CBS Sports, United have held ‘recent dialogue’ with the representatives of the 23-year-old as they look to bolster their frontline. Felix is free to leave Atletico this month, with his relationship with Simeone going from bad to worse despite scoring four times in La Liga this term. United, however, are currently unwilling to meet Atletico’s demands with the former champions looking for £18million to let their prized asset go. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Instead, the Red Devils feel £5m is more reasonable - though it’ll be interesting to see what happens in the coming days and weeks ahead. News of United’s interest in Felix is nothing new, with the Portugal international previously on their radar when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was manager. They were eyeing a deal when Felix was strutting his stuff for Benfica in Portugal, attracting interest from many top teams in the process. But, in the end, a move failed to materialise with the Portugal international joining Atletico for a huge £114m in 2019 instead. If Felix does join the Red Devils, he’ll become the latest player from that area of the world to play for the club. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Ronaldo was a substantial hit during his first spell at United, propelling the club to three straight Premier League titles and the 2008 Champions League crown. He even did well enough last term, with 24 goals across all competitions, but only managed to find the net three times this term prior to his exit. Nani was another Portuguese success story at United, winning four league titles during his own time at the club. And Bruno Fernandes and Diogo Dalot have been regulars under Erik ten Hag this term, with the duo both enjoying terrific seasons following the Dutchman’s appointment. Should United bring in Felix on loan, he’d become the third striker to join the club in such a manner. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here They loaned Radamel Falcao in from Monaco back in the summer transfer window of 2014, with the Colombia international costing £6m for the season. Yet he was sent back to Ligue 1 after netting just four times, having toiled under Louis van Gaal. In January 2020, United knew they needed a marksman to provide competition for Martial and Marcus Rashford up top. And though they were linked with Josh King and Teemu Pukki, Odion Ighalo ended up arriving from Shanghai Shenhua instead. While United want Felix, however, former defender Paul Parker thinks they’re better off signing Aleksandar Mitrovic instead. “I can definitely understand why Man Utd would want Joao Felix and I think he is a great player. But I have a tough time seeing him fitting into Man Utd’s team,” Parker told BonusCodeBets. “He was great against Switzerland in the World Cup and in that game, we saw the old Joao Felix. I would like him in the club, but I don’t see him as a centre forward and that is what Man Utd needs more than anything at the moment.” He added: “I really think that Aleksandar Mitrovic could be a very good signing for Man United. When you have him on your team you can put the ball into the box at any time and he will most likely score a goal. “He has improved discipline wise and he really knows how to get into defenders’ heads. I can really see him being an important player for Man Utd. “But it’s going to be expensive. Fulham loves him and they will not let him go for peanuts because he is so important for them. If he is not on the pitch they have 70% less chance of scoring.” “For instance, if Fulham plays against Man Utd and he is on the pitch for Fulham, I don’t believe that Man Utd will win that game.”