Manchester United star Jadon Sancho training separately could prevent Facundo Pellistri from leaving Old Trafford on loan this winter, according to reports. The Uruguay international joined the club back in the summer transfer window of 2020. However, over two years on, he’s yet to make a single competitive outing for the club. Manchester United signed Pellistri as an alternative to Sancho back in the summer transfer window of 2020, with the forward arriving on deadline day. But he’s struggled for game time at Old Trafford since and, despite working tirelessly behind the scenes, is yet to make his debut for the Red Devils. Now, according to the Manchester Evening News, Sancho’s current situations means the 22-year-old could block Pellistri from leaving on loan. The United star started the season well enough, impressing on their tour of Australia and Thailand before notching in victories over Liverpool and Leicester. But Sancho has regressed in the time since and, prior to recently returning to training, had been spending a period in the Netherlands as he looks to win Ten Hag round. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Speaking ahead of United’s clash with Bournemouth, Ten Hag confirmed the England international wasn’t yet ready to be part of his squad. And with it currently unclear when Sancho will be available, that means Pellistri may stay with the club worried about being left short in attack. They’ve already lost Cristiano Ronaldo, with the veteran seeing his contract terminated at the tail end of last year following a bombshell interview with Piers Morgan. Ronaldo has since proceeded to join Al-Nassr, with the 37-year-old poised to pocket a massive £175million a year over in the Middle East. And with Anthony Martial and Antony hampered by injuries this term, it appears United are being cautious as they look to continue their recent charge towards the top four. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see One player who may leave United, however, is Antony Elanga. The youngster was a shining light under Ralf Rangnick last term, impressing the former interim boss with his attitude in training and application on the field. Elanga has, however, struggled to make his mark at United ever since the appointment of Ten Hag back in the summer. Everton are keen on the player but Ten Hag, when quizzed about a potential loan exit, kept his cards close to his chest. "I know we have good players and I know a lot of clubs will have an interest in players who aren’t playing for us so often," Ten Hag said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "But we need the squad. We need depth in the squad and especially, I would say, the frontline." United do have the option to recall Amad from his loan at Sunderland, with the Ivory Coast international impressing in the Championship. But Ten Hag is wary of how recalling the forward could harm his development. Speaking on Monday, he said: "We consider everything but I have a little bit of reservation about [recalling Amad] because I don’t want to stop the process. "He has made really good progress there so I’m happy with that. "But young players need experiences and when we decide for him to come back, he has to be a player who can compete for the starting XI or minimum to come on for a lot of games and make an impact." On the decision to let Amad leave on loan in the first place, he added: "Because in that moment I didn’t see him in the starting XI or a player who had already had an impact. "But I see and value and his potential and capabilities. "What I saw is that he needs experience in men’s football, senior football. I think there are many aspects of football to get strong physically and mentally, and also skills-wise, to improve and develop that so he can have value for us."