Chelsea have been handed a fresh chance to land Raphinha with Barcelona reportedly 'ready to consider offers' for the Brazilian just six months after signing the winger from Leeds in a £55million deal. There was huge frustration for the Blues last summer when the player snubbed a move to Stamford Bridge by holding out for Barca, who eventually won the race for his signature following a rollercoaster saga. Raphinha was never overly keen on joining Chelsea over Barcelona once he knew the La Liga giants were interested in his services. Even though Chelsea were the first club to have an offer accepted by Leeds, they never had the chance to discuss personal terms as Raphinha gave Barcelona his word. But things have not gone entirely to plan for the 26-year-old in Catalonia, having struggled to force his way into Xavi's starting XI. According to El Chiringuito reporter Jose Alvarez, Barcelona are even prepared to sell the attacker, who they consider to be available for transfer alongside Ferran Torres and Ansu Fati. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Raphinha has struggled to edge Xavi favourite Ousmane Dembele for a starting berth and his impact at Camp Nou has been limited since arriving from Elland Road. His availability means Chelsea do have the chance to reignite their interest in their former target, although Raphinha is expected to favour fighting for his place at Barcelona. From a Chelsea perspective, there is likely to be a sense of bitterness at the way they were snubbed last summer. The overriding feeling of frustration is likely to prevent Chelsea from exploring a deal, despite their desperate need for a winger. READ MOREArsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWCristiano Ronaldo could help Man Utd sign Wout Weghorst due to separate Besiktas deal talks Last week, Graham Potter lost both Raheem Sterling and Christian Pulisic to injury in the first half of the 1-0 defeat to Manchester City. Chelsea have since expressed an interest in signing Marcus Thuram from Borussia Monchengladbach. The France World Cup star is now in the final six months of his contract, meaning he is available for a cut price this month. The Blues have also held talks over a deal for Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk, who still favours a move to Arsenal. Todd Boehly only seems likely to pursue a deal if a move to north London fails to materialise for the 22-year-old Ukrainian. Chelsea's need for attacking reinforcements has also seen them swoop to sign Joao Felix on loan from Atletico Madrid. The Portuguese forward will be unveiled as a new Chelsea player on Wednesday after jetting into London on Tuesday for a medical. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang could yet leave Chelsea this month with Atletico Madrid monitoring his uncertain situation.