The boundary between two neighbouring homes is often marked out in the title deeds for each property to determine who owns which side of a fence or wall. While building over the established divide is not illegal, doing it without your neighbour's agreement can spark an unpleasant feud - as one homeowner discovered. After being informed that their neighbour had built a fence six inches over the boundary into their garden, one Reddit user was left wondering where to turn for help to avoid being betrayed by the resident next door again. Going by the username catsnbears on Reddit, the UK homeowner sought advice from fellow forum users after being asked to sign the extra land built on by the neighbour over to them. They explained that the issue started in 2018 when a new fence was built by the man next door with their permission, though they had not realised that it sat on their property until six months ago. At this point, the owner of the fence admitted that he had pushed it six inches over his boundary to accommodate a motorcycle shed in his garden, though was struggling to sell his home now as a result. The Reddit user wrote: "In 2018 my neighbour asked permission to remove a very large privet hedge and replace it with a fence (it was his boundary to maintain on the deeds) we agreed and the fence was built along with the construction of what was supposed to be a temporary shed using the fence as the rear wall, like a lean-to affair. READ MORE: Ideal time to prune Japanese maples - avoid ‘weakening’ acer "In 2019 he turned this temporary shed into a building 2.8m high and solid wood like a log cabin with a felt roof used as a motorcycle shed." Since building the outdoor structure, the neighbour had decided to put his house up for sale and decided he would inform the author of the Reddit post of his boundary betrayal. The frustrated homeowner wrote in the post that the man "randomly disclosed" that he'd "pushed the fence six inches" onto their property because he didn't want to dig out the hedge roots that remained from the previous boundary divide. Posting in the forum, the Reddit user explained that they "didn't notice the discrepancy" as it was "hidden" behind an unused garage at the time it was built. DON'T MISS...‘Foolproof’ cleaning method to keep Venetian blinds ‘spotless’ [COMMENT]Method to water orchids ‘correctly’ to avoid ‘root rot’ [INSIGHT]Four ‘efficient’ methods to ‘kill’ weeds on driveways and patios [EXPLAINER] However, now they had been informed of the position of the fence, which means the neighbour's "giant wooden shed" sits six inches onto their own rear garden. The angered property owner noted that while it hadn't impacted their outdoor space previously, it has subsequently done so on their own building arrangements. They said: "The plans we had to build our own brick workshop have to be redone as to leave two metres between the two buildings, which would put ours right in the centre of our fish pond." To confirm their suspicions that the man who owns the fence was in the wrong, the Reddit user explained that they had a survey carried out which measured the six-inch overspill in their garden. READ MORE: Five steps to prolong the life of your washing machine Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea In the post, they added: "He wants us to sign a piece of paper giving him the six inches of land so he can sell his house without a dispute but I’ve refused so far." Offering advice to the frustrated resident, another forum user named PeterImprov agreed that the neighbour had "made a huge mistake" and that the author of the original post should not agree to anything without consulting a solicitor. They said: "You could agree to your neighbour using your land for a fee or sell it to them. Each arrangement will cost money to put into force so will your neighbour pay for drawing this up? "No reason that you should pay because you gain nothing, but you will need your own solicitor and your neighbour should pay that bill too. It will take some time to draw up an agreement to everyone's satisfaction. The house sale may have to wait."  According to an expert at the UK's leading home buyer, Quick Move Now, neighbour disputes should be disclosed as part of the seller's property information form - also known as a TA6 form. This form is designed to provide your buyer with a range of information about the property, including things like the property’s boundaries, any building work that’s been carried out and any notices or planning proposals that you’re aware of that might impact the property. The Quick Move Now professionals noted that as part of this form, you will also be required to disclose information about any disputes or complaints relating to the property you’re selling or a property nearby. While all disagreements between neighbours can be a nuisance, each one is different so you should seek your own legal advice accordingly.