Dillian Whyte appears to have been duped by Anthony Joshua after revealing he hasn't received any offers for a rematch and slammed talk as a 'waste of time'. AJ’s promoter Eddie Hearn affirmed that Whyte is the frontrunner to box Joshua in the summer, but The Body Snatcher isn’t confident he will commit to his promise despite AJ also talking up another fight with his rival. Whyte handed Joshua his first defeat in the amateurs 12 years ago yet was unable to replicate it when they fought as pros in 2015. Despite wobbling Joshua in the second round with a vicious left hook, the Watford powerhouse was able to regain a foothold in the contest and went on to stop Whyte in the seventh. Now, Whyte has opened up on feeling 'frustrated' and questioned whether they have real intentions of making the fight. “AJ's doing what he wants to do. Listen, if he really wants to fight me it's not very hard to make,” Whyte told The Daily Mail. “It's 1-1 and I've been chasing that fight for the last seven years. I don't understand why we can't get the fight on. Obviously, it's a big fight for Britain and for DAZN. DAZN need big fights and big content. I don't know why they're not pushing for it. “Eddie has talked a lot about the fight, but they couldn't commit to actually making it. Waste of time talking about it! We've had no offer for that fight or serious talks. It's very frustrating.” Joshua appears to be keen to box Whyte again and even admitted that the bout is more important to him than a blockbuster showdown with Tyson Fury. “If I’m going to erase my memory, imagine Men in Black, they come with that torch,” he told GQ. “It has to be Dillian Whyte, south London, north London. Fury is good, but he’s a Manchester boy. I think Dillian he has more swag in general, but he’s come up short a few times.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Chalmers promises to 'smoke' KSI after sly dig at Mayweather bout Fury explains Hague is reason for him taking Paul fight Joshua's next opponent goes full Wilder with chilling warning However, with the Brixton boxer losing patience with Joshua and his team, he has called for the long-awaited grudge match against Deontay Wilder as an alternative. Whyte spent over 1000 days as Wilder’s mandatory during his reign as WBC champion but never got a shot at the American. “I win and then there's no conversation about the AJ fight or nothing,” Whyte added. “So obviously I'm not gonna sit around and wait and be used as a scapegoat like they did to me a couple years ago. “We are just looking to see what's next and who's next. I've had enough of waiting around. I waited years and years as No 1 contender to fight that coward, fraud Wilder who avoided me and apparently is still scared to fight me which is pathetic. “That is the problem with boxing. Everyone should have to fight each other like in UFC.” Joshua is set to box Jermaine Franklin next on April 1 at the O2 Arena, London. After which his British rivalry with Whyte is expected to be revisited.