The family of Idaho student Kaylee Goncalves, who was stabbed to death along with three friends, hope the arrest of suspect Bryan Kohberger will shed light on a possible link between them. Kohberger’s arrest on Friday marked a major breakthrough in a case which had been shrouded in mystery. The criminology graduate, 28, was detained over 2,500 miles from the crime scene - six weeks after Kaylee, 21, and friends Madison Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and Ethan Chapin, 20, were found dead. Kaylee’s dad, Steve Goncalves, said he was watching a football game when his "whole world was turned upside down". Mr Goncalves said no one in his family recognises Kohberger, but after they learned his name they began to see connections between him and Kaylee which they are not yet ready to talk about.   "Now that there's a person and a name that someone can specifically look for and see if there's any connections in any way. So they're just trying to figure it out," Shanon Grey, the family's attorney, told ABC. The four friends - all students at the University of Idaho - were sleeping in off campus housing in the small town of Moscow when they were stabbed to death on November 13.  Kohberger has been charged with four counts of first degree murder as well as felony burglary. Mr Goncalves said he plans to be in the courtroom once Kohberger is extradited to Idaho. READ MORE: New York horror - Police officer stabbed in head with machete on NYE Monroe County Chief Public Defender Jason LaBar has said the suspect "is eager to be exonerated of these charges and looks forward to resolving these matters as promptly as possible". LaBar said that Kohberger planned to waive his extradition hearing on Tuesday to expedite his transport to Idaho. The families of the other victims have also responded to the news of the arrest. Ethan Chapin's family said in a statement: "We are relieved this chapter is over because it provides a form of closure. However, it doesn't alter the outcome or alleviate the pain. We miss Ethan, and our family is forever changed." Xana Kernodle's cousin, Sheldon Kernodle, urged anyone with information to come forward. DON'T MISS:Shocking footage shows moment girl, aged three, is ‘pushed onto tra... [VIDEO]Two men die after shooting each other in row at work, police say [REPORT]Neighbours of Idaho murder suspect say he kept a low profile: 'I'd ... [INSIGHT] "Our work isn’t done yet. If you have any information that could help law enforcement and/or prosecutors regarding Bryan Kohberger please email or call the tip lines below: tipline@ci.moscow.id.us , 1-(208)-883-7180," Mr Kernodle said in a tweet. Kohberger was working on his PHD in criminology at Washington State University in Pullman, around 10 miles over the border from Moscow. Authorities did not name a suspect for six weeks until Kohberger was arrested, however, police sources said DNA evidence at the house in Moscow allegedly linked Kohberger with the murders. Police received more than 20,000 tips and conducted around 300 interviews during the course of their investigation. Kohberger will be transported to Idaho. Upon his first court appearance, police have said they will release more information about their investigation. 