Siva told how he re-evaluated his life after witnessing the father-of-two lose his fight against cancer last year, aged just 32. Speaking ahead of the return of the ITV series tonight Dublin-born Siva, 34, said: “One of the reasons I’m doing the show is because of Tom’s courage last year and everything he did, raising awareness for brain cancer. “Witnessing that and his bravery inspired me to rethink life, to take more chances and to go for it. “I’m doing it for Tom, for myself, for my family – to make them proud and everyone watching.” Siva, who is partnered with pro skater Klabera Komini, admitted he still struggles with grief. “It’s hard. It hasn’t been a year yet since we lost Tom but it’s great to be on the show, everyone is so positive here – I have great contestants around me. “I try not to take things for granted now. His whole thing was take it day by day and who knows where you’ll be tomorrow. I’m just trying to carry on his memory and the conversation about cancer.” Other stars lined up for the series include ex-EastEnders actress Patsy Palmer, ex-footballer John Fashanu, Olympic gymnast Nile Wilson – the bookies’ favourite – and Liberty X singer Michelle Heaton.  Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield host the series and Oti Mabuse, Ashley Banjo, Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean are judges. Siva admits he would like to skate to one of his hits: “That would be the dream. It would be nice to skate to Glad You Came.” Also competing is Love Island winner Ekin-su Culculoglu, 28, who is partnered with pro Brendyn Hatfield and revealed she skated as a child. But she added: “I was five, I skated and I forgot. It’s like when you play an instrument and stop – you forget.” She says her Love Island star boyfriend, Italian business owner Davide Sanclimenti, will also enjoy her sexy performances and says the show has boosted their relationship. “He’s coming to every live show. I thank Dancing On Ice because it’s made my relationship a lot stronger. “It’s giving me something to be busy with and that’s an attractive quality to have.” ● Dancing On Ice, ITV, 6.30pm tonight. 