James Bye started off the year with some happy news as he announced today his wife Victoria is pregnant with their fourth child. The EastEnders actor looked delighted in a series of snaps as they unveiled their "little secret" by holding up the sonogram. The couple took to Instagram to upload five pictures, with one of the photos showing the pair looking at the baby scan in shock. The last snap showed James and Victoria kissing while sharing a hug and displaying the scan to the camera. In a lengthy caption, the pair teased: “So… we’ve been keeping a little secret… We’re not just welcoming in the new year in 2023…” “I can hardly believe I’m saying it. But we’re welcoming another little one and we’re over the moon.” In the statement, Victoria discussed her fertility issues, “heartbreaking miscarriages” and hurdles the couple had to deal with. She added: “We never thought it was going to happen. We always wanted a big family but after all my endometriosis struggles… heartbreaking miscarriages, seeing fertility doctors & 3 years of ovulation testing & disappointment - we’d honestly given up. “I remember thinking right. Enough. I gathered up the pram & baby things & gave them all away. “We both knew it couldn’t go on, the constant hope. And we were ok, we’d accepted how lucky we’d already been and so we got on with life. And life got crazy.” In the announcement, the pair made a cheeky reference to the “Strictly curse”, which is believed to be the reason for many couples breaking up after one half of the couple participated in Strictly Come Dancing. Victoria went on: “I started training for my marathon, we began planning our vow renewal abroad, James started the intense Strictly regimen… all wrapped up with a big 40th birthday bonanza (I did milk it just a bit) “And would you bloody believe it… Somehow life saw all our plans - and threw us a curve ball … “(How we found the time I’ll never know - ‘Strictly curse’ you say?! Ha - introducing the glitterball baby!) DON'T MISS...Stacey Dooley faces 'drama' at home with Kevin before giving birth [LATEST]Only Fools and Horses' Sue Holderness suffered near alligator attack [EXCLUSIVE]Paula Abdul looks decades younger as fans question photoshop fail [PHOTOS] Victoria signed off the statement with: “2023 - wish us luck” The pair were soon inundated with messages from delighted friends and fans congratulating them. Jamie_b10 said: “Blimey! Don’t mess about you’s two’s do ya! Congratulations!! “It’s defo gonna be another boy and if you don’t call it William well then you’re just maaddd.” Lauraburto added: “Aw Victoria, congratulations from me, Ant and our boys! “Such lovely news for such a wonderful couple/family xxx” Yorkshirelass0303 typed: “Same happened to me. 3 miscarriages.... then baby no 3 at 40! “Only a 11 and 9 Yr difference between other two! Congratulations.”