Lisa Marie lost her father Elvis Presley as little girl and then her only son just three years ago. She has lived her life under the shadow of one of the most famous stars of all time. She inherited her childhood home and her father's full estate on her 25th birthday. Although the upstairs rooms remain closed off and accessible only to Lisa Marie and her mother Priscilla Presley, Graceland had already become the second-most visited residence in the US after the White House. And out there in what Lisa Marie once called the "motherf***ing backyard" lies an endless reminder of grief and loss. Lisa Marie has rarely given interviews and even less so in the past decade. But the songwriter often expressed her most personal feelings and thoughts in her lyrics. One of the verses says: "Someone turned the lights out there in Memphis, That's where my family's buried and gone. Last time I was there I noticed a space left, Next to them there in Memphis, In the damn back lawn." Asked about the lyric, Lisa Marie was painfully honest first about why she used the phrase "Damn back lawn." She said: "Because I couldn't say 'mother****ing back lawn.' It didn't work melodically." She went on the explain why she felt that way about Graceland's back garden, and why it continued to haunt her years later. Lisa Marie said: "The back lawn of Graceland is a graveyard, basically. How many people have a family grave in the backyard? How many people are reminded of their fate, their mortality, every ****ing day?" She went on to talk about whether she would also be buried there. Up until then, the Meditation Garden at Graceland had housed the graves of Elvis, his parents Vernon and Gladys, and his grandmother Minnie Mae. It has been a place of pilgrimage for fans ever since the house was opened to the public. But then Lisa Marie's son, Benjamin Keough, died of self-inflicted gunshot wounds in a horrific accident on July 12, 2020. He, too, is now also buried at Graceland with his family. The official statement read: "Benjamin Storm Keough was laid to rest in the Meditation Garden at Graceland with his family including his grandfather, Elvis Presley, great-grandmother, Gladys Presley, great-grandfather, Vernon Presley and great-great-grandmother, Minnie Mae Presley." DON'T MISSMichael Jackson and Lisa Marie were together for years after splitMichael Jackson's awful demand devastated wife Lisa MarieElvis Presley: Lisa marie unlocked SECRET Graceland room Speaking of her own future, Lisa Marie had previously said: "All the graves are lined up and there's a spot there, waiting for me, right next to my grandmother... I don't plan on anything. I'm sure I'll end up there. Or I'll shrink my head and put it in a glass box in the living room. I'll get more tourists to Graceland that way." On January 12, Lisa Marie suffered a cardiac arrest at home. Despite attempts to revive her by her ex-husband Danny Keough and then at the hospital, she was later pronounced dead by doctors. Her daughter Riley Keough told The Hollywood Reporter: "Lisa Marie’s final resting place will be at Graceland, next to her beloved son Ben." This is in a slightly separate section of the family burial area and not next to Elvis. The original plot in the Meditation Garden is a fenced-off grass area. The grave of Elvis lies in the centre with his grandmother Minnie Mae to his left. To his right is his father Vernon and then his mother Gladys. Behind the plot is a small pool and on the other side of that pool is Benjamin Keough's resting place. It is there, confirms Ben's sister Riley, that their mother Lisa Marie will be placed. 