Damar Hamlin is awake after suffering a cardiac arrest during Monday's game between the Cincinnati Bengals and Buffalo Bills, and his first action after waking was to ask who won the game. Monday's game was postponed after Hamlin suffered a cardiac arrest after taking a hit from Tee Higgins, and is still in a critical condition in hospital. Hamlin lost his pulse when he fell to the turf after suffering the cardiac arrest, doctors have confirmed. The Bills safety attempted to block Higgins' run up the middle of the field, and initially got up before falling to the ground. Paramedics raced onto the field and administered CPR, while using a defibrillator to restart his heart. Hamlin was then taken to the University of Cincinnati Hospital, where he remains in a critical condition. Updates have been scarce, but doctors held a press conference on Thursday evening to confirm Hamlin had woken up and had communicated. Dr. Timothy Pritts and Dr. William Knight explained that Hamlin is unable to speak, but communicates through shaking and nodding his head, and can write. Dr Pitts confirmed: "He did not speak, he is able to communicate in writing. He cannot speak yet as he has a breathing tube in as he remains on a ventilation. When he asked if they won, we answered yes, Damar, you have won the game of life. “We have discussed with him what happened. He is not at the point where he can have a conversation, but he can nod and shake his head for yes and no's. We have talked to him about all the support given to him and his family. His mum and dad have talked to him. We want to see him to continue to breathe on his own. That is the next big milestone for him.” Doctors were coy over whether Hamlin will be able to walk and talk again, insisting Hamlin's family are focused on getting him home. Dr Knight said: "The best is getting him back to 8pm on Monday evening. Neurologically intact, strong and to get him back to who he was before this all happened. It is entirely too early to have the conversation about his future career in football. “There are many steps still ahead of him. We want to see him continue to improve and breathe on his own so we can discharge him. His family have been besides his bed and we want to get him home. Then we can discuss potential future plans. We are focussed on the right now and he still has a little ways to go. It is entirely too early to project into the future.”