The latest statistics released by the Department for Transport show that between October 1, 2022, and January 1, 2023, just 26 public electric car charging points were installed on average each day. However, in order for the 300,000 figure to be met, this number needs to quadruple to 100. Despite this, Ian Johnston, CEO of Osprey Charging, remains optimistic about the rollout of EV charging infrastructure in the UK in the coming years. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “This year we will see a mass deployment of literally thousands of new public chargepoints located at reliable hubs across the country.” He said the UK was now in a position where drivers have the choice of a number of trusted, customer-focused and heavily-funded charging networks. Each of these charge point operators are deploying vast numbers of rapid and ultra-rapid chargers. READ MORE: Drivers could be fined £80 simply for clearing windscreen frost He added that they could be found “on motorways, A roads, retail parks and on residential streets, from the tip of Cornwall up to the Scottish Highlands”. Mr Johnston continued, saying: “At Osprey we are currently building several high-power charging hubs on major transport routes, with multiple super-fast chargers in each location and we expect our network will more than double in size in the next 12 months alone.” The data, which was provided by EV charging platform Zap-Map, revealed that there are now 30 EVs for every charge point, compared with 16 at the start of 2020. In order to meet the 300,000 target, monthly installations for new EV charging devices will need to increase from 806 to 3,130 – a 288 percent improvement. DON'T MISSElectric car drivers can make use of 'magic' feature to avoid frost [HELPFUL]'It's key' for drivers to refill engine oil or risk major damage [INSIGHT]Motorist makes £25,000 a year from renting out drive for parking [INCREDIBLE] The other headline figures from the report showed that as of January 1, 2023, there were 37,055 public electric vehicle charging devices installed in the UK. But numbers alone don’t tell the whole story and Electrifying.com is calling for more context to be given around the 300,000 figure. More consideration should be given to the need to install charging points in the right places and at the right power output for drivers. This is why calls are being made today for a “charging lead” to be appointed to oversee the rollout of charging infrastructure, which is critical if the UK is to hit 300,000 by 2030. READ MORE: 'Death knell' for the 'white van man' as drivers switch to EVs The person in this role would work closely with industry to ensure that charge points are installed in places people need them the most, for example on motorways when drivers are making long journeys. The charging lead would also help to overcome barriers to installation, according to Electrifying.com. It suggested that industry is taking a lead here, but they need Government support to cut through the red tape by working with local authorities and landowners on issues such as planning permission that is currently holding up the rollout of infrastructure. Ginny Buckley, Founder and CEO of Electrifying.com, said: “While it’s worrying to see that we’re still missing the mark on hitting 300,000 charge points by 2030 if we continue at the current rate of installation, little focus has been given to the context of the 300,000 figure. “Headline grabbing numbers such as this are irrelevant without more context, and what we actually need to see is charging points located in convenient locations that are fairly priced and at the right speeds. “As little progress has been made so far, I can’t see how we can achieve this without appointing a charging lead to take control of this issue before it's too late. We need cross-party leadership for this critical piece of infrastructure and someone to join the dots and cut through the red tape to enable the industry to take a lead. By doing so, we will give drivers the confidence they need to go electric at a pivotal point in the switch.” If people can charge on a public network that’s reliable, safe, and fairly priced, drivers will have more confidence in buying cars with smaller batteries which tend to be more affordable. Consumer demand will then encourage car makers to focus their efforts on this end of the market which is key to unlocking the electric revolution for all drivers, not just the more affluent.