Martin Keown claims that Arsenal superstar Bukayo Saka reminds him of Dutch speedster Marc Overmars, adding that the youngster would slot straight into the Gunners' iconic 2003/04 Invincibles team. Keown himself was a member of the squad that went unbeaten for a whole Premier League season almost 20 years ago - a feat unmatched by any English side since. Saka sparked excitement among Arsenal fans when he broke through as a teenager, and his overall play is still progressing as he ventures further into his fourth season in and around the first team. The 21-year-old has 14 goal contributions in 19 Premier League games so far this term and he was arguably England's best player at the World Cup. Still, not many could be credited with having enough quality to slot into Arsenal's 2003/04 side, which contained the likes of Thierry Henry, Robert Pires, Sol Campbell, Ashley Cole and Dennis Bergkamp. Keown believes that Saka's performances of late remind him of cult hero Overmars, who dazzled the Gunners faithful with his spell at Highbury in the late 1990s. READ MORE: Chelsea still have Thiago Silva problem despite 'agreeing new deal'  "[Arsenal] have recruited well but also developed from within, players who understand the culture of the club and play with the heart of the fans," Keown wrote in The Daily Mail. "No one encapsulates that more than Bukayo Saka. "Saka was immense in Sunday’s 3-2 win over Manchester United. He is, right now, the one player who would walk into the 2003-04 Invincibles team. The way he ghosts past defenders reminds me of my old favourite colleague, Marc Overmars. DON'T MISS...Man Utd discover price to sign Dumfries immediately as agent flies inChelsea see Gusto transfer hopes dashed as Lyon chief issues statementEverton 'consider bid' for Marko Arnautovic after Man Utd near-miss  "Used initially by Arteta in the Europa League, like Emile Smith Rowe, Gabriel Martinelli and Eddie Nketiah, Saka now has the world at his feet. His work ethic is infectious — so is his smile. He has the trickery of Phil Foden and the pace of Marcus Rashford all in one. It is a unique skillset and he is as tough as teak to go with it." Concerningly, Saka was due to be out of contract at the end of the season but Arsenal triggered a one-year extension clause earlier this month. The Gunners will still be keen to tie the fan favourite down to a new long-term deal when possible, however, with top clubs sure to be keeping tabs on his situation. Saka's scintillating form means he is likely to be brought in line with the club's top earners if Mikel Arteta and co are able to negotiate a renewal. The England international has played a large part in Arsenal's current title challenge, which barely anyone saw coming before the start of the season. The Gunners haven't lost a match of any description since early November and their hot streak continued with a last-gasp win over Manchester United on Sunday. Saka himself was amongst the goals, firing in from long range early in the second half.