Prince Harry's memoir Spare "undid all the goodwill" he and Meghan Markle built with their Netflix docuseries, a royal commentator claims. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex levelled a series of allegations against the Royal Family in the series while keeping the focus on their new life in California. But royal commentator Shannon Felton Spence warned any support gained appeared to be waning after Duke's autobiography was published. She claimed: "The question is… What about an Archewell brand? The book has definitely hit their brand. "In my estimation, they had everything they wanted one month ago after the Netflix documentary. "Their story was out and garnered massive sympathy from even the most apathetic American viewers. "The memoir undid all that goodwill, and the press tour has been an absolute cringe-fest." JUST IN: Harry and Meghan's own biographer warns public already suffering with 'Sussex fatigue' Felton Spence also noted the couple appears to have adopted a three-pronged strategy that could see them pursue their own separate brands as well as a joint one. She told Fox News Digital: "The book was always Harry’s thing, in the same way the podcast was always hers. "We didn’t see him in podcast promotion. Their PR strategy has never made sense to me, but they are clearly trying to build a Harry and Meghan brand and a Harry brand and a Meghan brand." The couple had to restart their branding efforts after the late Queen warned the pair would no longer be able to use their Sussex Royal brand once they stepped down from the Royal Family. READ MORE: Harry's memoir sparks surge in support for republic in Australia After their departure, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex launched their nonprofit organisation Archewell. Since setting up the company in 2020, the couple have struck a series of multimillion agreements with the likes of Netflix and Spotify to produce documentaries, podcasts and educational programmes. Prince Harry also signed a multi-book agreement with Penguin Random House, with Spare believed to be the first of at least four books. But while the Duke's autobiography has broken records to become the fastest-selling work of nonfiction in history, the contents of the memoir have sparked speculation about the couple's popularity. A YouGov poll of 1,691 British adults found 68 percent of respondents had a negative opinion about the Duke – a 22 percent increase since September 22.  The poll also showed the Duke's personal popularity rate had also dropped, with 38 percent of respondents saying they disliked him, bringing his net approval rating to -7. DON'T MISS Harry could 'make case' for US security after his Taliban kill claim [LATEST]Harry and Meghan shouldn't bother turning up for the coronation [OPINION]Prince Harry told to 'renounce titles' after 'backtracking on offer' [COMMENTS]