One of Britain's brightest teenage athletes has claimed that she will not travel to Australia for an upcoming competition as a result of her 'deep concern' for the environmental impact of making such a trip. Innes FitzGerald, who has been dubbed the Greta Thunberg of sport, has written to British Athletics to inform them that she will refuse to fly to the World Cross Country Championships in Bathurst next month. FitzGerald is widely regarded as one of the most promising athletes in the country after setting a national under-17 record over 3,000 metres and earning a fourth-placed finish at last month's under-20 European Cross Country Championships. She is also turning plenty of heads with her stance on the environment and has told British Athletics that she would not feel comfortable flying to Australia to compete with some of the best cross-country runners on the planet.The 16-year-old wrote a letter to the national governing body, which read: "To have the opportunity to compete for Great Britain in Australia is a privilege. When I started running, the prospect of me competing in the World Cross Country Championships would have seemed merely a dream."However, the reality of the travel fills me with deep concern. I would never be comfortable flying in the knowledge that people could be losing their livelihoods, homes and loved ones as a result. JUST IN: Man Utd discover price to sign Dumfries immediately as agent flies in "The least I can do is voice my solidarity with those suffering on the front line of climate breakdown. Coming to a decision has not been easy, however little compares to the grief I would feel taking the flight."FitzGerald previously chose not to fly to Turin for the under-20 European Cross Country Championships, instead using an overnight coach, trains and folding bikes to reach the Italian city. She led the rest of the field for a significant part of her race before finishing fourth but later explained that she may have been particularly fatigued as a result of the length of her journey, which took around 20 hours to complete.The teenager recently explained her decision to avoid flying to Australia in an interview with Athletics Weekly, saying: "My family is as environmentally minded as I am. We live in a passive house on a smallholding growing fruit and vegetables, so my dad was happy for us not to fly. "Aviation is the most energy intensive activity we can do and explodes a person’s carbon footprint. I don’t want that on my conscience."Champions for Earth, an organisation for environmentally friendly athletes, added: "The Exeter Harriers runner is a champion in more ways than one, winning impressively on the running track and in the world of environmental protection."Innes was crowned the 2022 Youth ‘Champion For Earth’ for her commitment to pursuing her sporting goals as sustainably as possible. She is looking for sponsors and supporters who can help her with the more expensive public transport, accommodation and eco-friendly kit that she requires."It is clear that Innes has the steely determination and focus, combined with the courage and clarity to face a reality quite different to athletes of previous generations. As a young person with Olympic dreams growing up during a climate and ecological emergency, she is balancing the dream of one day becoming a champion of the world, with a determination to be a champion for earth." Follow our Express Sport page on Instagram here.