Newcastle may have to move quickly to bring in long-term target Manu Kone with Paris Saint-Germain reportedly making an approach for the midfielder in the January window. Eddie Howe has repeatedly stated that the club won't be doing big business this month having spent around £200million in the last two windows. But the Newcastle boss is short of options in central midfield with Jonjo Shelvey unavailable and out of contract in the summer while Joelinton has been used in a more attacking role in recent months. Kone emerged as a target for Newcastle during the summer transfer window and it was reported they had a £31m bid rejected. Borussia Monchengladbach have huge faith that the 21-year-old's stature in the game will continue to grow and Media Foot claim the Bundesliga outfit are hoping to receive an even bigger offer in the near future. Newcastle aren't short of cash with their owners, but Howe has spoken of how the club are wary of Financial Fair Play. While the Magpies have spent big over the past 12 months, they've failed to recoup any money back from player sales. It's been suggested that Newcastle would need to sell this month if they were to bring in any new signings.  Ryan Fraser is being linked with a move away from St James' Park while Chris Wood, Jamal Lascelles, Matt Ritchie and Jamal Lewis have also attracted interest. Newcastle's main priority is bolstering options in midfield and Kone is proving in Germany just what a talented option he could be if Howe brought him in. But it's now being reported that PSG have entered the race to sign Kone from Borussia Monchengladbach. The Ligue 1 side are said to have already reached out to Kone's representatives to start the groundwork on a possible move in 2023.  With Kone not out of contract until 2025, the German outfit are under no pressure to sell just yet. But PSG would be able to offer the young midfielder an immediate route into Champions League football on a regular basis. Newcastle are hoping they too can attract elite players to the club by also qualifying for Europe's elite competition. They currently sit third in the table and their only league defeat so far came at the hands of Liverpool back in August.