The scheme runs from the start of November to the end of March and payments have been activated several times over the past few weeks. The most recent payments were triggered just a few days ago with some people receiving three payments, or £75, in total so far this winter. After the period of cold weather in a person’s area, they should receive the payment within 14 working days. The funds are paid into the same bank or building society account in which a person receives their benefit payments. Cold Weather Payments do not affect a person’s benefits claim or entitlement. Eligible people should receive the payment automatically. If a person has not received a payment and they think they are due one, the department they should contact depends on what benefits they claim. READ MORE: NS&I boosts interest rates on Premium Bonds and savings accounts again A person may receive the payment if they claim one of these benefits, and if other criteria apply:  People on Pension Credit will normally get the payments. If a claimant has not received the funds, they can contact the Pension Service to find out more. Those on the other benefits who believe they are missing a payment can contact their local Jobcentre. A person on Universal Credit can also sign into their account and add a note to their journal. An individual who does not have an online account can call the Universal Credit helpline instead. A claimant will be able to find the phone number on any letters about their Universal Credit claim. READ MORE: You could save £550 on energy bills with boiler change that won’t affect your daily use A person may also need to meet one or more of the following additional criteria to get the Cold Weather Payment: A person can find out online if they are due a Cold Weather Payment, or more than one payment. Those who live in England and Wales can find out by using a checker tool on the gov.uk website. Residents of Northern Ireland can check online using a tool on the NI direct Government website. Both of the tools work by a person inputting the first part of their postcode e.g. LE1. The tool will then tell the person if they are due a payment and for what period. Cold Weather Payments have been replaced in Scotland with the Winter Heating Payment, a one-off £50 payment which goes out to eligible people regardless of the weather conditions. The eligibility criteria for the devolved payment are otherwise the same. This payment is due to go out in February 2023.