Around 2,000 homes and businesses in the south of England have been left with no electricity this morning, due to an unplanned power outage. At about 7.10am, about 147 postcodes in Sandown and Lake area in the Isle of Wight were hit with a power cut. The electricity distributor for the region, Scottish and Southern Electricity Networks have said that they are aware of the fault and are aiming to resume normal electricity supplies by 11am. Power issues in these areas are unrelated to the National Grid's Demand Flexibility Service, which sees households paid to take a variety of energy saving measures at peak times.  The following postcodes have been affected by the power cut: PO33 PO36 PO36 0AJ PO36 0AN PO36 0DU PO36 3LB PO36 8AL PO36 8AN PO36 8AW PO36 8BZ PO36 8DA PO36 8DB and -  Customers living in the regions operated by Scottish and Southern Electricity can find out if their postcode has been affected by checking this Live Power cut map shared on their website. The power distributor noted that engineers were at various sites aiming to solve the problem, with a statement saying: "We're sorry for the loss of supply. We currently have a fault affecting the areas listed. "Our engineers are on site working hard to get power back on as quickly as they can. If you need more information, please call us on 105, or send us a message on Facebook or Twitter and quote reference 'KM6702'." Scottish and Southern Electricity noted that customers who are facing an unplanned power cut should first go around and check if any of their neighbours have power supply. READ MORE: Green energy bosses call on government to cut red tape for renewables  It added: "If they don’t it is likely the fault is on our network. If everyone has power and you don’t, check your fuse box to see if any switches are in the ‘off’ position and check if your meter has a display, if it does, this means power is coming into your property. "Complete a full reset of your fuse box by turning off the main larger switches and then all your smaller switches, repeat the process but start with turning your smaller switches on first and the larger ones last. "If you have checked with your neighbours and reset your internal switches and still have no power, report it to us on our Power Track site, you can do so below and our team will be out to help you as soon as possible. If you need to speak to our representatives, call us on 105." It also issued some advice on dealing with power cuts, telling customers that keeping their fridge freezer doors closed protects their contents to ensure that chilled and frozen foods last for several hours, adding "you should only open this if you need to." DON'T MISS: Earth’s inner core may have started to spin in the opposite direction [SPOTLIGHT] National Grid power outage as hundreds of homes left without supply [REPORT] Major UK energy supplier mulls plans to exit UK after Bulb [REVEAL]  The Met Office also has some advice on how to prepare for — and handle — a power cut. It is wise, they said, to keep a supply of torches and batteries to hand in the event of an emergency, and to ensure that you keep your mobile phone charged so that you can still make calls, in an emergency situation, should the power supply fail. The Met Office added: “If electricity is crucial for any medical equipment you have, please contact your distribution network operator […] as they may be able to put you on their priority register for assistance during any power outage.” In the event that a blackout strikes, they continued, look out for any senior or vulnerable neighbours, and switch off appliances like irons, ovens, electric fires, etc. so that they don’t pose a potential hazard when the power is restored. 