The scheme runs from the start of November 2022 to the end of March 2023 with the payments triggered in many postcodes in recent weeks. Some areas have had several triggers, with some postcodes receiving three payments, with a total of £75. Eligible people should receive the money in their bank account within 14 days of the trigger. People on Pension Credit should be eligible for the payments. Britons on these benefits may also be eligible for the payment, if other criteria apply: READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come  A person may also need to meet one or more of the following additional criteria to receive the payment:  These are all the postcodes in England and Wales that have had payment triggers so far this winter: READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing The payments are sent out to the same bank or building society account a person uses to receive their benefits. The money will appear in bank statements with a payment reference starting with the customer’s National Insurance number followed by ‘DWP CWP’, for people in England and Wales. People in Scotland will no longer receive the payments as the scheme has been replaced with the Winter Heating Payment. This is a £50 one-off payment that goes out to eligible people regardless of the weather conditions. Minister for Pensions, Laura Trott, said: “These additional payments provide support every year to help people experiencing the coldest weather. “Cold Weather Payments can be triggered right through to the end of March, giving people facing disproportionately cold weather that extra reassurance over the chillier months. “We’re committed to protecting the most vulnerable in our society and this additional help comes on top of wider Government support including £1,200 in direct payments already issued to millions of low-income households this year. “Alongside this, we’re providing households with £400 towards their energy bills this winter, with our Energy Price Guarantee saving the typical household another £900 on top of this.”