Sarah Ferguson, 63, made an appearance on Retro Radio Magyarorszag in Hungary on Thursday, where the Duchess of York recycled one of her most worn jackets. Fergie, as she is affectionately known, was all smiles as she sat down for the radio stint. Sarah took to Instagram saying: "We had such good fun in the studio recording for Retro Radio! Don’t mind me while I reminisce.  The Duchess wore her "Rita" crepe blazer from The Extreme Collection, which is still in stock and costs £780. The jacket initially cost £975, however, is at a lower cost right now due to the January sales. READ MORE: Prince William and Kate allow Prince George to adopt 'protector role' The description for this jacket says: "We create limited editions of blazers and jackets produced here in Spain. Garments are thought to pass from generation to generation. "Our craftsmen understand these values and help us bring sublime fabrics to life, creating high-quality garments that are unique and durable. "We set trends without following trends. We make brave tailoring." The fitted crepe blazer has black trimmings on the front, back, and sleeve ends. It is made from recycled polyester inner lining with "The Extreme Collection" logo printed in gold.  In addition, there are black-covered buttons on the front. The Duchess wore her ginger locks in a half up, half down style and accessorised with a thin black and silver headband, just like her daughter Princess Beatrice likes to do. She also wore a very shiny silver watch, which added a touch of glamour to her military-style outfit. Royal fans praised Fergie for her style as she appeared on the Hungarian radio show. Instagram user @birdnerd327 said: "I like the smaller headband/hair piece instead of those bigger Tudor style ones." Similarly, @luxmeagainpreloved added: "The military style looks good on her in my opinion." In addition, @_emma_hurley_ wrote: "The military jackets are clearly her signature look." However, some fans were more divided on Sarah's style and weren't sure if the military-style jacket suited her. For instance, @kyorchidnut commented: "Red is not her colour… not this red anyway." Another royal watcher, @h_k_bend added: "I know she likes red but with her skin tone she needs a different shade of red. This style and cut are too stark. "Some of the military-style coats are fine this one is just too stark."