Damp walls are often cold to the touch and accompanied by unpleasant mould spores which can leave your home both looking and smelling unpleasant. Scrubbing them with harsh chemicals like bleach may be the best way to treat surface dirt and odours, but it won't solve the problem of excess moisture lurking around your property. However, according to experts at Ronseal, there are a few easy steps you can take to "cure" everything from water droplets on the walls to musty smells caused by dampness. Damp is most common in humid environments where moisture levels are higher, though it can occur anywhere in your home where ventilation is a problem. According to the team at Ronseal, everyday habits like opening windows and using extractor fans are the "best ways" to prevent dampness and mould from forming, though a mixture of mould spray and soapy water is best if it's already too late. To clean damp walls around your property, the DIY experts recommended using a bucket of water and a mild detergent like washing up liquid to "make quick work" of any visible mould spores. Before you start, be sure to layer up with protective clothing like goggles and long rubber gloves to shield your skin from harmful substances. Windows should be left open while you clean to avoid spreading mould around the room. READ MORE: Property expert's best places to live in the UK in 2023 Start by dipping a clean cloth in soapy water and gently wipe over the damp wall. The Ronseal experts warned against brushing the surface as it will disperse the spores around the room rather than removing them. Once the surface dirt has been removed, use a dry rag to absorb the excess moisture and leave the area to dry thoroughly. The Ronseal experts said: "You can use this same process to clean mould off wallpaper as well as painted surfaces. If you’re removing it off wallpaper, don’t use too much water or the surface will bubble." They recommended disposing of the cloths used for cleaning immediately for extra reassurance that the mould won't spread around your home. DON'T MISS:Mum's free hack to avoid 'mould and musty odours' in washing machines [REVEAL]Six ‘exceptional’ houseplants for removing mould and condensation [INSIGHT]‘Crucial’ dehumidifier mistakes to avoid - ‘will cost you more money’ [TIPS] To treat dampness, specialist treatment in the form of sealant is required to prevent the patches from expanding. This will only work if the wall is dry beforehand, so you will need to wait a while after removing the mould before applying the product. After coating the wall with a sealant, apply an anti-mould or condensation paint to the affected surface. The Ronseal experts said: "This should stop damp from coming through a wall. Once the damp has been removed and cured, you should find that the damp smell disappears too." Of course, the only way to prevent dampness from becoming a recurring issue in your home is to identify the cause of the problem. READ MORE: Household staple to kill moss on paving with ‘no scrubbing’ When moisture appears on internal walls, penetrating damp or condensation is the likely cause. However, if the issue only affects the ground floor of your home, rising damp could be to blame. An expert at Timberwise said: "Having damp patches on the internal walls of the property is most likely to occur as a result of condensation. When warm, damp air condenses onto cold surfaces such as walls, mould can start to develop. "The most efficient method of treating damp from forming on the interior walls of the house and therefore preventing mould growth from occurring is through improving the ventilation throughout the property." Using your central heating is generally an effective way to insulate cold walls, though it should be balanced with ventilation so as not to encourage mould growth.  Keeping furniture away from walls that are prone to damp is also crucial to allow airflow throughout your home. If you notice mould or experience cold walls in your bedroom, for example, it may be worth moving your furniture into the centre of the space so you can treat the problem. Compact room layouts should also be avoided to keep both your furniture and property free from dampness and mould growth. In extreme cases where a damaged property is to blame, a new damp-proof course may be required.