Usually, when you clean your washing machine drawer, all the detachable elements of the drawer need to be removed from the machine and cleaned. However, homeowners can often run into problems when it comes to removing the grime from the drawer itself. After weeks if not months of repeated use, old fabric softener, mould and grime can become almost cemented to the drawer. Luckily, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their simple solution for cleaning washing machine drawers. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. On one such group, Katie Matthews posted: “Can somebody help, please. I am trying to sort the washing machine drawers out at work. READ MORE: Banish ‘terrible’ smells from washing machines using £1.25 item “The other one is even worse! I have used Viakal and HG limescale remover and left [them] to soak overnight. No change at all. Thanks in advance.” The post was inundated with responses but the most common suggestion was to use white vinegar with another product. Jenny Hendy said: “Soak in vinegar and bicarbonate of soda and add soda [crystals] to each wash. Should keep it at bay.” Rosemary Leslie commented: “Looks like a copper deposit. Vinegar, tinfoil and soak overnight.” Carol Foley wrote: “Katie - I too have this problem. Apparently, it’s caused by the chalk they put in washing powder and how it reacts with hard water. DON'T MISSI cleaned my bathroom grout without bleach - results [INSIGHT]Kate and William's new home is 'such a downsize' compared to Frogmore [UPDATE]‘Best’ home remedy to remove grout stains ‘in five minutes’ [ANALYSIS] “I keep my washing machine immaculately clean inside including the drawer and this makes it even more annoying. “I have tried so many things like Viakal, scrubbing, hot water, scraping with a knife, soaking it and putting in the dishwasher and none has worked. “However tonight - success. I tried bicarbonate of soda and white vinegar and I can see it has started to work, it’s nearly gone already after about 15 minutes (and it was really thick and rock hard). Hope you manage to get yours clear too.” White vinegar can be found in most households or can be bought relatively cheaply from local supermarkets or online. Dri-Pak Pure White Vinegar costs £2 from Ocado. Wilko Original White Vinegar costs £1.50 from Wilko. Sainsbury's Distilled Vinegar costs 40p while Tesco distilled vinegar is 29p. READ MORE: Bathroom door handle has 8 times more bacteria than a toilet seat Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using lemon juice and salt, Flash bathroom, antibacterial spray, Cif, dishwasher tablets and washing up liquid. Katie Mansfield said: “You need to scrub it The scum never seems to come off when left to soak. “You could try scrubbing it with a mixture of lemon juice and salt. The salt is abrasive and the lemon juice will help with limescale.” Louise Stay commented: “Hi, try Flash bathroom. It is really good to use on washing machine drawers. “Also, get a cup of soda crystals and put it on the hottest wash, and get an old toothbrush and give it a scrub. Also, I would recommend Astonish Mould and Mildew. Very good.” Debbie Elkins replied: “Antibacterial spray to kill the bacteria. Remove the drawer from the machine and scrub in the sink. Hot water, washing up liquid and bleach.” Sandra Smith suggested using a “toothbrush and Cif”. Facebook user Kathleen Corson recommended using “hot soapy water”. Sharon Stoddart said: “Astonish Mould and Mildew spray in a drawer and spray the drawer too. Leave it a while then wipe. I did mine on Tuesday!” Celine Bennett wrote: “Have you tried dishwasher tablets in hot water overnight? Some say it works.”