Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have been slammed for insisting they lived in a "small house" during their Netflix docuseries. Royal commentator Emma Webb believes the couple's remark is "self-indulgent" during a cost of living crisis. She told Newsnation: "I think this is just an appalling litany of self-indulgent mockery actually against the British people and against our institution, of our monarchy. "Even in the latest drop of the last three episodes, they complain about the size of their cottage on the palace estate suggesting that Oprah even said it was too small. "It really is outrageous particularly given that there are people in this country at the moment who are suffering a cost of living crisis, they can't heat their homes. "The way that Harry and Meghan talk about the British is not only stereotypical and a gross misunderstanding but it's almost as if they felt that it was beneath them to have to go and greet the crowd. "The way they talk about us is a great misrepresentation." READ MORE: Prince Harry to drop 'explosive' interview on 60 minutes this Sunday  Meghan and Harry previously had Oprah Winfrey over for tea at their Nottingham Cottage. The Duchess said: "We were living on palace grounds, yeah. "Kensington Palace sounds very regal — of course, it does, it says 'palace' in the name, but Nottingham Cottage was a small [house]." It was previously revealed the a £2.4 million refurbishment bill on Frogmore Cottage - the Sussexes address before moving to the US - was footed by British taxpayers. But the royals were forced to dip into their own pockets to pay for luxury fittings. The couple wanted luxury bathrooms and kitchens fitted out to a higher specification than the Royal Household allows for, according to Palace sources. Sir Michael Stevens, Keeper of the Privy Purse, the Queen’s chief financial adviser, explained why the money was spent using cash from the taxpayer-funded Sovereign Grant on the couple’s new official residence. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry warned they 'will regret' airing family drama [INSIGHT]Prince Harry sparks 'worry' with book publishers [ANALYSIS]William and Kate 'can't ignore' Harry's major 'punch to Royal Family' [VIDEO] He said: “The property had not been the subject of work for some years and had already been earmarked for renovation in line with our responsibility to maintain the condition of the Occupied Royal Palaces estate. “The Sovereign Grant covered the work undertaken to turn the building into the official residence and home of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and their new family. “The building was returned to a single residence and outdated infrastructure was replaced to guarantee the long-term future of the property. “Substantially all fixtures and fittings were paid for by Their Royal Highnesses.”