The UK Government will move to block a gender recognition law passed by the Scottish Parliament due to concerns over the impact on UK-wide equalities legislation, Scottish Secretary Alister Jack said. The UK Government will invoke a Section 35 order under devolution legislation to stop the law from getting Royal Assent. It will be the first time UK ministers have used the order which stops a Scottish Bill from becoming law.  It means the Scottish Government's Gender Recognition Reform Act cannot become law. The Act was designed to make it easier for people to change their legally recognised sex. But London says it will have an adverse effect on the law in the rest of Britain, particularly the Equalities Act 2010 and how this law manages single sex spaces for women. The UK Government's move sets up a huge constitutional clash between Holyrood and Westminster besides the impact it will have on people who want to change their legally recognised sex. Mr Jack said in a statement: "I have decided to make an order under Section 35 of the Scotland Act 1998, preventing the Scottish Parliament's Gender Recognition Reform (Scotland) Bill from proceeding to Royal Assent."  The Scottish Secretary added: "After thorough and careful consideration of all the relevant advice and the policy implications, I am concerned that this legislation would have an adverse impact on the operation of Great Britain-wide equalities legislation. "Transgender people who are going through the process to change their legal sex deserve our respect, support and understanding. My decision today is about the legislation's consequences for the operation of GB-wide equalities protections and other reserved matters. "I have not take this decision lightly. The Bill would have a significant impact on, amongst other things, GB-wide equalities matter in Scotland, England and Wales. I have concluded, therefore, that this is the necessary and correct course of action." He continued: "If the Scottish Government chooses to bring an amended Bill back for reconsideration in the Scottish Parliament, I hope we can work together to find a constructive way forward that both respects devolution and the operation of UK Parliament legislation." The statement concludes with the Scottish Secretary noting he has informed First Minister Nicola Sturgeon and the Scottish Parliament's presiding officer. READ ABOUT KING CHARLES WANTING TO AVOID A BATTLE WITH HARRY  Ms Sturgeon described Westminster's move to block the Bill as "a full-frontal attack" on the Scottish Parliament. In a tweet posted in response to Mr Jack's Section 35 announcement, the First Minister said: "This is a full-frontal attack on our democratically-elected Scottish Parliament and its ability to make its own decisions on devolved matters. "The Scottish Government will defend the legislation and stand up for Scotland's Parliament. If this Westminster veto succeeds, it will be first of many." The UK Government's move comes two days ahead of Wednesday's deadline to block the Bill which was backed by MSPs across the political spectrum in December. DON'T MISS: Mafia 'boss of all bosses' Matteo Messina Denaro arrested in Sicily [REPORT] Married police officer ‘had on-duty sex with male colleagues' [REVEALED] Meghan blasted for her 'uncharacteristic' no-show since Spare release [LATEST] Ms Sturgeon said on Monday morning any such move to block the Bill would be an "outrage", telling journalists in a briefing: "In my view there are no grounds to challenge this legislation. "It is within the competence of the Scottish Parliament, it doesn't affect the operation of the Equality Act and it was passed by an overwhelming majority of the Scottish Parliament after very lengthy and very intense scrutiny by MSPs of all parties represented in the Parliament. "So if there is a decision to challenge, in my view, it will be quite simply a political decision and I think it will be using trans people - already one of the most vulnerable, stigmatised groups in our society - as a political weapon. "And I think that will be unconscionable and indefensible and really quite disgraceful."   Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer voiced his concerns with the legislation at the weekend, saying 16 was too young for such a decision to be made. The Bill was backed by the Scottish Labour Party, with the exception of two MSPs who resigned their frontbench positions to vote against it. Ms Sturgeon said this morning if the UK Government were to invoke Section 35, then the Scottish Government would seek a legal ruling as to whether or not the UK Government is entitled to use the order. Mr Jack's statement suggests the UK Government would rather Scotland amends the Bill, rather than resorting to court action.  Scottish Labour politician Monica Lennon described the UK Government's move to block the Bill as "shameful". In a post on Twitter, the MSP for Central Scotland claimed the decision was "made for cynical political reasons". Ms Lennon added: "A bad day for democracy, devolution and for human rights. Anyone thinking the Tories care about women's rights or the interests of LGBTQ people is deluding themselves." 