The Masked Singer saw half of the remaining characters return to the stage to wow the audience. While Jacket Potato sang Viva Las Vegas by Elvis Presley in the first episode, he shocked everyone with his vocals at the weekend with a rendition of Hallelujah by Leonard Cohen. So now viewers are more eager than ever to find out who is really behind the mask. Jacket Potato may have been in the bottom two this week but he still managed to impress the viewers at home with his vocals. Since The Masked Singer came back for season four, fans have been predicting who he could be, going by the clues and his actual vocals. Among the names that have been mentioned by the celebrity panel is comedian Bob Mortimer. He is best known for working alongside his comedic partner Vic Reeves as part of their Vic and Bob comedy double act. READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star Together, they presented the hit comedy quiz show Shooting Stars which helped to launch the career of stars like Matt Lucas. Most recently, Mortimer created Train Guy, a series of short videos of conversations during his daily commute. TommyD, music producer, and co-founder of TokenTraxx has worked with some of the world's biggest stars, including Kylie Minogue, Kanye West, Adele and Beyonce. When speaking to Express.co.uk, he shared he also thought Mortimer could be behind Jacket Potato. TommyD said: "He's definitely got that air of Butlins Red Coat so I'm saying Shane Ritchie. "But his Elvis [impression] was straight out of the Bob Mortimer playbook on those Vic and Bob sketches so could also be him." He isn't the only one who believes the voice could be that of the 63-year-old comedian's.  "Could really hear him! Brilliantly entertaining Saturday night performance - he mashed it up!" DON'T MISS...Our Yorkshire Farm emergency as air ambulance rushes to Ravenseat [EXPLAINER]Stephen Hendry fined by snooker bosses after Masked Singer absences [REVEALED]Rita Ora exposes lacy bra and thong in risqué photoshoot [CAST] Mark Thorsby agreed: "I thought Jacket Potato sounded like Bob Mortimer!" Jacket Potato was in the bottom two with Rubbish, leaving the panel with the difficult decision of sending someone home. Sadly, it was time for Rubbish to make his exit with the judges still having no idea of his identity. At the end of the episode, it was revealed that snooker player Stephen Hendry was behind Rubbish. The Masked Singer continues every Saturday at 8pm on ITV.