A woman's unique way of opening McDonald's sauce packets has blown people's minds. Who doesn't love slathering their fries in sauce? Though sometimes it can be a nightmare trying to open the packets.    However, one woman has come up with a genius way of opening the packet that means you will never struggle to get to the sauce again. She accidentally went viral for her trick when she used it in a video on TikTok in which she was talking about her regular order from the fast food chain. It just so happened that she was adding sauce to her burger, but her technique has left people puzzled.  Although the video had nothing to do with the hack itself, people can't stop talking about it, with other TikTok users even making separate videos hailing it as a "game-changer", reports The Mirror.   In her original video, the woman - who posts under the username @smashleybaldwin - could be seen holding a packet of sweet and sour sauce. Instead of peeling off the lid to the sauce and opening it like a dip, she made a hole in the bottom of the plastic container so that it could be squeezed out - in the same way you would use a bottle of sauce. Commenters were left floored by the trick, with many asking her for a second video explaining how she did it. One asked: "Wait, how did you open the sauce like that?"  While another added: "The way you opened the sauce is actually freaking smart." And a third wrote: "Why didn't I think about that sauce pack hack before? This is actually genius!" The following day, the woman, who is from the US, returned to TikTok to respond to someone who accused her of "gatekeeping" the trick because she hadn't immediately responded to questions about how she did it. In the second video, she explained that all she did was pierce a hole in the bottom of the sauce packet using a small knife that she keeps on her keyring.  And the woman's hack was praised by fellow TikTok user Ciaran Halpin (@halpojr), who said her trick was a "game changer". He said in a video: "She poked a hole in the bottom of the sauce and used it like a funnel. You have won! Oh my god, game-changer! Wow." Commenters on his video couldn't help but agree, as one said: "Genius!" While another exclaimed: "That is freaking elite!" 