Fatty liver disease is the name for a range of liver conditions caused by a build-up of fat. Also known as non-alcoholic fatty liver disease it often doesn’t show symptoms or cause harm in its early stages. However, as the disease progresses it can have serious side effects. The liver is a vital organ and provides more than 500 functions such as processing digested food. Therefore, any problems with the liver can become dangerous. If fatty liver disease is left untreated for some time it can lead to the most severe stage, which is known as cirrhosis. After years of inflammation the liver becomes lumpy and scarred.  READ MORE: Two ‘eating behaviours’ that may increase the risk of atrial fibrillation 'nearly twofold' The British Liver Trust explains: “Cirrhosis is the result of long-term, continuous damage to the liver and may be due to many different causes. “The damage leads to scarring, known as fibrosis. Irregular bumps (nodules) replace the smooth liver tissue and the liver becomes harder. “Together, the scarring and the nodules are called cirrhosis.” According to the trust one symptom of later stage cirrhosis is tachycardia.   This is the medical term for a very rapid heartbeat, specifically where it beats at over 100 beats a minute. For comparison a normal heart rate is considered to be between 60 and 100 beats per minute. The trust says this is a sign the liver is “struggling to function”. It urges you to see a doctor if you experience this and/or other symptoms of fatty liver disease.  READ MORE: Certain meats among worst foods for eyes - can cause 'profound' loss of vision Other later stage signs of cirrhosis include: Early stage symptoms include: The trust also lists some “red flag” symptoms. “If you have any of the following symptoms you must see a doctor straight away, especially if you have recently been diagnosed with cirrhosis,” it says.  These symptoms are: The trust adds: “Although these symptoms may seem very different, because your liver is responsible for so many different functions, if it stops working properly, a range of problems can result.” There are certain factors that increase your risk of developing fatty liver disease. These include if you: 