Season four of FBI: Most Wanted has delivered non-stop thrills and surprises and continued new lead Dylan McDermott’s stint as team leader Remy Scott. After going on winter break back in mid-December, the highly successful CBS series is sadly going to keep viewers waiting just a little bit longer for the upcoming crossover. Viewers won’t be able to tune into a new episode of the FBI spin-off until Tuesday, January 24. The hit crime procedural was last on-air on December 13 before heading into its usual Christmas hiatus. Despite the third season starting up again just after New Year’s Day, Most Wanted’s fourth season will take another brief hiatus after this week’s episode. Once it returns, the audience will be treated to a special appearance from Isobel Castille (Alana De La Garza) crossing over from the mothership. READ MORE: Carole Malone fumes Harry 'should be banned' from 'every' royal event Episode 11 of the season, Crypto Wars, will see the team taking on another topical case after a devastating incident. A synopsis reads: “As the team chases after the suspects behind an explosion at an Ohio energy plant, they are led toward a major crypto company with enemies looking to take it down. “Also, Remy and his sister Claire (Rebecca Brooksher) close a chapter in their lives.” Claire was introduced back in season three when Remy took over as team leader. They both reconnected with their mother, Betsy (Catherine Wolf) and unfortunately discovered her condition had undergone a stark decline. With Claire returning for another appearance, this could mean Remy and her sister will have to say farewell to their mother after she was taken to a nursing home last season. Thankfully, with Remy occupied by a tough family matter, long-running FBI agent Isobel will be on-hand to assist with the latest high-stakes investigation. TV regular Alana has been with the mainline series since it began in 2018 and has since taken over as Special Agent in Charge. DON'T MISS:The Rig’s Mark Bonnar recalls hypothermia ordeal [VIDEO]Tulsa King star ‘wasn’t prepared’ for huge finale twist [INTERVIEW]Outlander stars ‘cheated’ to film iconic Claire and Jamie scene [INSIGHT] Her character Isobel has become one of the most regular guest stars for the Most Wanted spin-off over its four seasons. Isobel’s next appearance will mark her 10th episode for the spin-off having lent a hand in four cases during Most Wanted’s previous outing. In her latest FBI appearance, Isobel finally got some closure when her former partner Jake Reed (Tate Donovan) is brought in to work on an old case. She also shut the door on a potential romance with her colleague, which Alana believes was the right call. “[Isobel is] reaffirmed in her decision to no longer be with Jake,” she told TV Insider. “Maybe his ambivalence makes her come to the realisation that she was right to end the relationship the first time around. “I don’t think Isobel is the same person as when they dated all those years ago.” Despite the break-up, Isobel is heading straight back to business when she pops up in Most Wanted, which will hit screens in just under a fortnight. FBI: Most Wanted season 4 continues Tuesday, January 24 on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.