Manchester United remain a work in progress. Talk of the Premier League title was always premature and, now, a 3-2 defeat to Arsenal on Sunday has all but ended their hopes of being crowned champions. As Gunners fans on social media have been saying, it's time to 'trust the process'... Manchester United had gone into their match with Arsenal aiming to bounce back after slipping to a 1-1 draw against Crystal Palace on Wednesday night. However, Arsenal were able to claim all three points with Bukayo Saka and Eddie Nketiah on target. After the game, Ten Hag confirmed he wasn't impressed by United's failure to keep their opponents out. While Marcus Rashford and Lisandro Martinez were two positives to take from the contest, not everybody in a white shirt was good enough on the day. And with United now failing to win their last two matches, Express Sport now takes a look at three players who need dropping in the wake of the showdown. United have seen Antony produce some good moments in the short time since his huge £86million move from Ajax back in the summer transfer window. Certainly, his debut goal against Arsenal and strikes in both matches against Everton were great to see. Antony is, however, infuriating to watch. He spends too much time producing skills and flicks for the YouTube generation and, while there's nothing wrong with a bit of flair, his decision-making simply isn't good enough. United have Alejandro Garnacho on the bench at present and while the Argentine is young at 18, he's already well ahead of his team-mate when it comes to footballing maturity. Garnacho for Antony is one change Ten Hag must consider making as he looks to make sure United finish in the Champions League qualifying positions. Wout Weghorst was always going to be a divisive signing. And though he brings an aerial threat to United's attack, something they've not really had in the years since Romelu Lukaku's departure, he also seems to slow them down. United have been at their best this season when playing with speedsters in their front three. Weghorst, by comparison, is more of a target man. His signing in the first place was peculiar. United did consider Memphis Depay, only for the Netherlands international's demand of a big contract to scupper any potential return to Old Trafford. Weghorst should be an impact sub, but not a starter. If Anthony Martial is injured, United should consider using Rashford down the middle instead. Scott McTominay wasn't good or bad against Arsenal. He was average, doing precious little of note - but precious little wrong as well. Yet United can't win trophies with a player like the Scotland international and with Casemiro's suspension now over, he obviously has to come back in. McTominay is a useful squad player but Casemiro is levels above. The Samba star was tipped to flop following his move from Real Madrid but he's been a substantial hit instead. The Red Devils missed the Brazil international on Sunday, with soldiers like Thomas Partey and Granit Xhaka standing tall for Arsenal. When Casemiro is back on the field, however, United will be all the better for it. Speaking after the game, Ten Hag criticised his United players by saying: "It was a great game, a lot of tempo and the audience is the big winner. "Two top teams but of course we are disappointed when you lose this game in the late stage. All the goals we conceded today are mistakes, it can't happen. "Even last week we were so hard to beat in such situations, today we were not. All three goals we could have avoided. "They [Arsenal] are very good on the ball but we are a good defending team. There were not a lot of open chances. "We made mistakes which we can't make. This game was decided by small details but also the decision making, that is hard to accept and we have to learn." And he added: "I want to win. It is not good enough, we want to be the number one but make mistakes, that is clear and what I told them."