Mould is annoying at the best of times but even more so when you spot it in hard-to-reach places like your ceilings. Bathrooms are particularly prone to unpleasant spores forming above showers and baths and can seem both impossible and dangerous to eliminate, though the same can be said for almost anywhere in the home. Fortunately, there are a few ways to make it easier to tackle - you just need the right cleaning tools. Walls and ceilings are often affected by mould growth and can quickly become covered in black and green stans if the cause of the problem is left untreated. If you already have mould on your bathroom ceiling, you can’t do anything about preventing further mould before cleaning what’s already there. An expert at Fantastic Cleaners said: "Mould appears on ceilings due to dampness caused by roof damage and leak, high humidity levels, bad ventilation, cooking and condensation. "Once it appears, mould will spread fast, actually way faster than it would outdoors. Therefore, the moment you notice black or green stains, you have to react quickly to prevent further contamination of the ceiling." READ MORE: Essential kitchen items clean shower heads without removing them According to the team at The Oil of Cloves Company, "very mouldy surfaces" can be cleaned with a combination of white vinegar and baking soda, though you will need a long-handled tool to apply the spore-fighting solution. A clean sponge mop and a stiff broom covered with a stocking should allow for maximum reach with no ladder required. Before you start cleaning the area, be sure to wear a protective mask and gloves so that you don’t touch or inhale the mould spores. The cleaning experts said: "Wet the broom head with white vinegar and lightly sprinkle with baking soda. Scrub gently over the ceiling with the covered broom head. Go back over the ceiling with a clean, damp sponge mop to remove mould and residue in preparation for the mould treatment." This works especially well for mould patches gathered directly above a shower or bath that are otherwise unreachable. DON'T MISS:Condensation is more ‘common’ in certain homes, claims expert [INSIGHT]Get rid of black mould using ‘safe’ £1 product - keeps spores ‘at bay’ [REVEAL]Toddler living in mouldy flat hospitalised with pneumonia [LATEST] Severe cases of mould may need reinforcements like bleach to fully remove the spores from the ceiling. Start by filling a bucket with warm water and dish soap, stirring until combined. Dip a clean, flat mop into the liquid and swipe over the affected part of the ceiling. Leave to dry while mixing water and bleach into a new bucket ready for the second stage of cleaning. Wearing a mask, gloves, glasses and protective clothing, dip the mop in the bleach solution and wipe the ceiling once more. If you have to stand in a bath or shower to reach the ceiling, avoid standing directly below the mould and instead use the full length of the mop to work the bleach away from you. READ MORE: Five ‘safe and effective’ solutions for deterring pigeons from gardens Go in with a clean mop or rinse it well before washing the surface with fresh water to remove the bleach residue. Wait for the area to dry naturally before checking whether you need to repeat the cleaning process to remove any lingering spores. While it is beneficial to ventilate mould-prone rooms anyway, you should take extra care to keep windows open when cleaning with bleach. An expert at Fantastic Cleaners said: "Your efforts to eliminate the ceiling mould will be pointless unless you take care of the source first. Mould doesn’t appear without reason, so you need to inspect the roof for any holes and possible damages.   "If the mould is affecting the wall too, that could be a result of a pipe leak. Sometimes mould could remain hidden within the walls of your home and grow there unnoticed. If you are suspecting that’s the cause for the dark stains, call a specialist right away." To keep ceilings mould-free you may have to repeat the whole cleaning procedure several times. Unless the reason that’s causing the problem is eradicated, the mould will continue to come back after months, sometimes even days. The cleaning experts added: "There is also the option of scraping the old paint off and repainting. This time look for anti-mould or mould-resistant paint, which will help you keep the ceiling dry and clean." Other ways to minimise the risk of recurring mould include avoiding drying laundry indoors, regularly inspecting gutters and plumbing, insulating external walls and improving ventilation.