A woman was only diagnosed with an extremely rare cancer after trying for a baby - as scans showed a build-up of fluid on her uterus. Naomi Tedds, 37, and husband Matt spent years trying to extend their family but only discovered in 2022 she had pseudomyxoma peritonei, a cancer that had begun as a slow-growing tumour in her appendix. It had caused the fluid in her uterus, and explained Naomi's trouble conceiving. Tumours have since been found in Naomi's brain and her ovaries. It is unlikely Naomi will ever be able to have a baby due to the surgery she must undergo in order to save her life. Fighting back the tears, Naomi said last night: "It’s gutting. I’ve wanted kids for a long time; my sister was able to have a child through IVF and she has a beautiful daughter. "We wanted to have our own little bundle of joy. The only way that can happen now is if we have an egg donor, but we’re not thinking about that right now. It’s something we really wanted. "There are tumours on my ovaries and on my brain, they haven’t seen anything else at the moment but they think that’s why my ovaries aren’t working properly. "The main thing is to get healthy at the moment." Naomi will be forced to take at least three months off work to be able to recover from the major operation, Manchester Evening News says.   Naomi's prognosis is positive at the moment. "The specialist doctor said he was positive about the outcome and about the surgery,” the woman, who lives in Birmingham but is receiving treatment in Manchester, said. "He doesn’t seem that concerned at the moment. We just need to get the immediate risks out the way and assess anything afterwards." Pseudomyxoma peritonei, or PMP, is a rare condition that usually starts with a tumour in the appendix, though the tumour also can be in the bowel, bladder, or ovaries. PMP may not cause any problems until the tumour grows and bursts out of the area where it started. Naomi, a retail assistant, had no symptoms last year. Recalling her diagnosis, she said: "It just felt surreal. "You might expect to get cancer at some point, but I didn’t expect to get it at 37. "It didn’t feel like it was really happening, but I knew it was at the same time. “I didn’t even feel sick. All I had was this side pain which kept coming and going. "I had no symptoms to indicate something was wrong. I kind of found it by accident. When I spoke to GPs about [my side pain] in the past, they thought it might be anxiety or IBS. They weren’t concerned about it." 