The chilling moment a man confessed to murdering his wife with a shotgun in front of her own child has been made public by police. Andrew "Jack" Hooper executed Cheryl Hooper as she sat in a Land Rover outside her home. The shooting happened in front of her 14-year-old daughter, who helplessly looked on. The killer then turned the gun on himself, causing devastating injuries in a botched suicide bid. Now, never-before-seen footage has emerged showing Hooper, lying in his hospital bed unable to speak, confessing to the murder, reports Birmingham Live. The clip is part of a new ITVX documentary, A Murder in the Family, which airs this evening.  The injuries caused when the farmer shot himself left him unable to talk. It meant the only way he could communicate with detectives was by pointing to letters and words on a board. Cops quizzing him at his bedside 10 months after the shooting ask whether he is responsible for the murder of his estranged wife, before his shaking hand slowly points to the word "yes" on the board.  Hooper drove to Cheryl's home in Newport, Shropshire, in January 2018 and lay in wait before cruelly slaying her, blasting her in the neck through the passenger window as she arrived home.   Terrified daughter Georgia pleaded for help from neighbours as she screamed "he shot my mum". The teenager had been in the car with her mum but got out after spotting Hooper. She saw "hatred" in his eyes and could only watch helplessly as he pulled the trigger. The 46-year-old, who lived on a 400-acre farm nearby, was described as "jealous and controlling" and used a tracking device to locate his wife's car before opening fire. Jailing him for a minimum 31 years, Judge Mark Wall QC told him: "This was not a spur-of-the-moment killing, it was one that you had planned in the hours leading up to it. "I am sure it was your intention to kill."  A jury was told how he was "consumed with anger and jealousy" after she left him at the end of 2017. The documentary also shows the moment Hooper later places what is believed to be the murder weapon in his car. Tragically, Cheryl's dad Tony tells how she called him shortly before her death saying she believed Hooper was tracking her movements. He said: "I said 'Cheryl, go to the police now'. She didn't take heed to that. I don't think she realised enough how she was in danger." Recalling Cheryl's final words to her, devastated mum Rita adds: "She said 'I'll see you in the morning mum, I'll pick you up. I love you'. I never saw her again."