Michael McIntyre's Big Show left viewers divided on Saturday night as he welcomed Alison Hammond onto the BBC programme. The comedian also surprised Peter Crouch and his wife Abbey Clancy at their holiday home in Portugal for a Midnight Gameshow where Holly Willoughby made a guest appearance. However, while some viewers claimed to "switch off", others complained about the amount of money the broadcaster spent flying Michael and his surprise guests abroad. During the segment, Holly and Romesh Ranganathan shocked Peter by making a cameo appearance. Michael even welcomed the owner of Peter's local Indian restaurant from back home in London. Romesh popped up in disguise as he donned a robot outfit, while the This Morning presenter appeared in Peter's bed as part of a spot the difference game. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan The former footballer also wore a blindfold as he tried to guess the object put in front of him. Towards the end of the segment, Abbey asked: "Am I in trouble?" "What on earth was that?" Peter quizzed as Michael and the camera crew left his bedroom. The couple laughed as the 41-year-old admitted: "My mouth is on fire. What an absolutely bizarre experience." "It was f***ing funny though," he went on to add. However, following the episode, fans took to social media to share their thoughts. "It’s a switch off for us can’t be doing with the Hammond woman screeching," @Sparkle10091250 complained. Janet Forbes tweeted: "Sorry but have had enough of Alison Hammond, that laugh is ridiculous now." Taking aim at the Peter Crouch segment, @Haifischfrau said: "That must have been expensive getting the whole crew and Romesh there. I didn't know the BBC had that much money." DON'T MISS...NCIS Los Angeles cancelled after 14 seasons [INSIGHT]Emmerdale double exit as Jeff Hordley speaks out on Cain 'killing' [SPOILERS]Coronation Street's Fiz Stape 'to disappear' as Jennie McAlpine exits [VIDEO] "All the money spent by the BBC on this section wasn’t worth it, as nice as Peter Crouch is," @Erasmo2058 commented. While Simon added: "#michaelmcintyresbigshow money is [no] object for the #bbc." (sic) Mark Vernon fumed: "@BBC are constantly lecturing us about global warming and carbon emissions and here we have a @bbcone camera crew and various celebrities jetted over to Portugal for some pointless pranks on Peter Crouch in his bedroom...#MichaelMcIntyresBigShow #MichaelMcIntyre." (sic) Mark Scales went on to say: "They max’d out the budget with the #PeterCrouch segment. It’s almost a show on its own. Joke stretched too thin tbh #michaelmcintyresbigshow." (sic) "Good to see licence fee is being used to fly everyone to Portugal #michaelmcintyresbigshow," Sean added. (sic) However, some viewers were loving the programme, with Kelly praising: "The funniest hour of the week with @McInTweet and @AlisonHammond #bigshow #sendtoall LOVE this show @BBCOne." "Michael McIntyre's Big Show. Best thing on a Saturday night by a country mile. Fact #bigshow," Gill Hayward tweeted. Michael McIntyre's Big Show returns on Saturday at 8pm on BBC One.