Australia’s John Millman has revealed that he had private conversations with Novak Djokovic’s team about the world No 1’s hamstring injury during the Aussie Open. It comes after Djokovic lifted his 10th Australian Open title and 22nd overall Grand Slam while some doubted whether his injury was real or being “played up”, leading to the Serb vowing to prove his doubters wrong amid the debate. Djokovic was carrying a hamstring injury throughout his run to the Australian Open title sparked something of a debate after Alex de Minaur claimed the 35-year-old “looked good” to him after losing their fourth-round tie while Aussie tennis legend Todd Woodbridge questioned whether he was “playing it up”. The world No 1 called out his doubters during the tournament and is now set to share proof of the injury, and another tennis player has now defended Djokovic after speaking with his team. World No 140 Millman revealed that he had private conversations with those close to the 10-time Aussie Open winner that confirmed the hamstring was a major concern throughout the fortnight. “I talked to a member of his team, getting closer to that final, he's adamant that hamstring is actually pretty bad,” the 33-year-old told Nine’s Today show after the final. “Mind over matter apparently with Novak. Apparently he can block it all out. Apparently he's considering releasing a bit of footage and some scans to show how bad that hamstring was. If that's the case, well, that just adds to the aura that is Novak Djokovic.” JUST IN: Nadal's uncle Toni gives French Open verdict after Djokovic catches up   Djokovic was overcome with emotion after finally realising his dream of a 10th Australian Open crown and the Grand Slam record, which he now shares with Nadal after catching the Spaniard’s 22 titles. He collapsed on the floor of his player box and sobbed after his win over Stefanos Tsitsipas in the final and later revealed exactly how much he was carrying during the tournament. Explaining the emotional moment, he later said: “When I went into my box, I just think emotionally collapsed there and teared up with especially my mother and my brother, when I gave them a hug, because up to that moment I was not allowing myself to, I guess, be distracted with things off the court or whatever was happening in dealing with an injury, things happening off the court, as well, that could easily have been a big disturbance to my focus, to my game.”  DON'T MISSTsitsipas told he has something better than Federer despite Aus lossRafael Nadal follows in Federer footsteps with Novak Djokovic messageNovak Djokovic leaves Tim Henman amazed in Australian Open win But Djokovic admitted he had still been bothered by suggestions his injury was fake, adding: “I was thinking whether I should publish anything about the injury, and I told myself that I will, I want to. I will go into more detail and publish some photos on social media about everything we went through.” And the status of the injury remains unclear despite improving in the second week of the Australian Open, with the champion now set to undergo testing with his next tournament scheduled for the week of February 27 in Dubai. “I’m going to do some medical check-ups in the next few days, then I’ll be able to talk about it a bit more and understand the situation,” he said during his trophy photoshoot in Melbourne. 