Arsenal are set to break their transfer record to sign Mykhaylo Mudryk, according to reports. The Gunners are close to agreeing a fee worth a total of £80million. Mudryk has been Arsenal's top target for January since before the window opened. His stock rose in the second half of 2022 and Shakhtar Donetsk were demanding a fee of up to £88m (€100m). But it appears as though the Gunners are set to agree a deal at a lower price. It will still break the £72m they paid for Nicolas Pepe in 2019. The Telegraph claims, with add-ons, Arsenal are set to agree to pay Shakhtar up to £80m. Personal terms are not set to be an issue as the player has made it clear he is desperate to move to north London. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Talks between Arsenal and Shakhtar are now focused on how much will be paid up front and how much will be in add-ons. But it appears as though the Gunners are closer than ever to securing a deal. Mikel Arteta will be hoping Mudryk is more of a success than the current club-record signing Pepe. Unai Emery was in charge when the Ivorian winger was bought three-and-a-half years ago from French side Lille. He arrived with an exciting reputation after two successful seasons in Ligue 1 in front of goal. However, he never really lived up to his billing. Pepe has 27 goals and 21 assists in 112 appearances in all competitions. On the face of it, those statistics aren't the worst. DON'T MISSArsenal have huge double suspension worry ahead of Tottenham clashChelsea owner Boehly has four options to replace Potter if sacking happensMan Utd have signed another Nani as chiefs come to transfer realisation  However, he would go missing too often in the big games, which led to Arteta not trusting him in such matches. Pepe is still an Arsenal player, as he is spending the season on loan at Nice, but his future at the Emirates looks bleak. Mudryk's arrival would move Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang down to third place in the list of Arsenal's record signings. Aubameyang was a successful signing at around £57m, as he almost single handedly won the club their record 14th FA Cup in 2020, before his much publicised departure. Ben White at £50m looks to be shrewd business, while Thomas Partey and Gabriel Jesus at £45m are both excellent buys. Alexandre Lacazette cost a couple of million more than the latter two but perhaps did not quite reach the expectations supporters had of him following his arrival from Lyon in 2017. Mudryk will be desperate to have a better impact at Arsenal than Pepe. But there will be plenty of pressure on his shoulders despite having made such a small number of senior appearances in his career to date.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here