Newcastle are prepared to pay £16million for Barcelona-linked Argentine starlet Alan Varela to bolster their midfield in January, according to reports. La Liga giants Barca are believed to have ‘excellent’ reports on Varela and believe he could slot straight into their midfield as Sergio Busquets’ long-term replacement. But the Magpies could attempt to gazump the cash-strapped Catalan outfit with their own January pursuit. Newcastle will double down on their shock Champions League qualification chase by strengthening Eddie Howe’s squad this winter. Boca Juniors ace Varela has a £17.6m release clause, but Newcastle believe they could get a deal done with a £16m offer. The 21-year-old will be in demand over the coming months. Newcastle boss Howe wants a ‘transformational’ signing in the same vein as last January’s acquisition of Bruno Guimaraes from Lyon. the Premier League club hope that Varela will be that player. That is according to the Daily Mail, who report that Newcastle will rival European giants Barca for Vareila’s signature. In addition, Spanish publication Sport claim that the La Liga leaders have an ‘excellent’ scouting report. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd £63m bid, Chelsea £112m deal close, Mudryk Legendary former Argentina international Juan Roman Riquelme believes Varela could play for Barca straightaway despite having no experience in European football. Varela was scouted by Boca while playing at Barca’s soccer school in Buenos Aires. Saudi-backed Newcastle believe they can tempt the highly-rated talent to Tyneside though, with Howe keen to sign a midfielder in January. Jonjo Shelvey will miss the next eight weeks with a calf injury and still needs to start two matches to earn an automatic one-year extension, leaving the former England international’s future in doubt. DON'T MISS...Newcastle have Chelsea target and Liverpool option on shortlistNewcastle boss Eddie Howe 'has Joao Felix transfer on his radar'Newcastle may have pulled off James Maddison swap masterstroke Howe has insisted that Newcastle will not splash loads of their mega riches in January despite being third in the Premier League. "If you're looking to improve the team, the starting 11 as it is if we have no injuries, then that is a challenge in the market currently,” the former Bournemouth head coach said last week. “With an unlimited budget, that might be possible - not that we necessarily have a budget at the moment - but with Financial Fair Play looming and with those restrictions, it's almost impossible." Howe added: "Can you improve the squad? That's a different question. Anything we do do in January then potentially harms us for the summer. "There is always another window coming up and what you don't want to do is handcuff yourself for future windows, so there's a lot to consider."