This is the alarming moment a father risked his 16-month-old daughter's life by tearing through city streets on a motorbike. James Giles, 24, perched the toddler, who was sucking a dummy, on the petrol tank of the bike and weaved in and out of traffic. A court heard he had no explaination for the shocking decision, made on May 8 last year. But Giles was jailed last week for 16 months and has been banned from driving for two years and eight months. He admitted dangerous driving and exposing a child under two to harm or danger. The court was told Giles nearly crashed his motorbike, went past a red light and attempted a wheelie after dropping off his child, reports Hull Live. Sentencing the father at Hull Crown Court, Judge Kate Rayfield said: "You made a decision to put your 16-month-old child on the front of your off-road bike on a busy road with no helmet for either of you. It is hard to fathom what you were thinking when you put her on the bike. "You then went on to ride the motorbike in a dangerous way and I have watched the footage as you weaved through traffic, went through a red light and undertook vehicles. "It must have been obvious to you that you could have killed your daughter and you exposed her to such a dangerous risk. She was too young to understand the risks and, as her father, you had a duty to keep her safe which you did not."   Giles' behaviour was captured on footage, released upon sentencing by Humberside Police, taken on a combination of CCTV and a fellow motorist's dashcam. It shows the young man zoom down a cycle lane and undertake vehicles with the tot on board, though she has been blurred in the footage to protect her identity. Giles dropped off his daughter after about five minutes, before carrying on his dangerous ride. Stephen Robinson, prosecuting, said: "The defendant attempted to do a wheelie and was speeding. He nearly crashed into a motorcycle after going through a red light." Mr Robinson read out a statement from the driver whose dashcam caught the behaviour. The statement said: "I saw the man riding with a child, who must have been no older than two with a dummy in her mouth. I was very angry by what I had seen. I posted the video on social media and I reported it to police a couple of days later.” By this stage, Giles was aware of the video circulating and voluntarily handed himself into police. He said he knew what they wanted to speak to him about and said the video had gone viral. He admitted to taking his daughter out and also admitted to riding dangerously. He told officers: "I made a very big mistake that day." Giles, from Kingswood, Hull, had no previous convictions and pleaded guilty at the earliest opportunity. Benjamin Donnell, defending, told the court his client suffered from mental health issues and had submitted glowing character references from his mother, stepfather and a family friend. He said: "My client accepts what he did that day was wholly unacceptable and grossly negligent. He knows there was no justification for what he did. While this was deliberate conduct, what he did was not designed to harm his child. "When he was young, his dad died in Afghanistan at the hands of the Taliban. This has had a profound effect on his life. He suffers from depression and attention deficit disorder." Giles had been using cannabis and stopped taking prescribed medication, which had made him more impulsive. He had cleaned up his act and had a job with a timber company. Mr Donnell added: "There is no excuse for what he did but he is addressing his issues. We have a young man who has done something very wrong but he is remorseful and taking steps to address his difficulties."   