Britain has been battered with torrential rain causing flooding in pubs, with cars being submerged underwater and sewage running the streets. Many houses were left without power and vehicles stranded due to the flooding in parts of England and Wales.  It was caused after the Met Office issued a yellow weather warning for "persistent heavy rain" in parts of Wales and South West England. The UK's national weather service said some areas of higher ground may receive 70-90mm or more of rain, and downpours could flood properties and cause power cuts. The Met Office stated that the wet and windy conditions will continue to dominate as Brits enter the weekend, thanks largely to the position of the jet stream. Speaking in the Met Office 10-Day Trend, meteorologist Aidan McGivern said: “The jet stream is approaching the UK from the west and sending us further areas of low pressure, with tightly packed isobars across the UK.   “That continues to be the case as further low-pressure systems deepen and get sent in from the west. “It’s going to stay blustery, with some strong gusts in the west in particular and these lows will continue to send us outbreaks of rain and showers heading into the weekend.” A news report by The Sun claimed that two pubs were among several buildings flooded in the centre of York when a nearby river burst its banks. While stunned residents reported sewage running down roads because of the heavy rain. READ MORE: Horrifying moment Manchester police officer appears to knock out fan  Twenty-two flood alerts and 10 flood warnings are in place in Wales with people being urged only to drive if "absolutely necessary" due to hazardous conditions. Meanwhile, temperatures will dip through the weekend and into next week, with the jet stream one of the driving forces behind this change. Mr McGivern said: “Next week, the jet stream is a bit more amplified and it’s coming at the UK from the northwest rather than from the west like recent days. “This subtle change into the start of next week will see colder weather coming in and rather than prolonged bouts of rain from the west, we are likely to see rain and showers coming from the northwest. DON'T MISS:NHS at 'breaking point' as staff rage at Minister on Question Time [SPOTLIGHT]Multiple fatalities reported as Alabama battered by massive tornado [BREAKING]Net zero policy urges to ban new gas boilers ‘within a decade’ [REVEAL] “These showers from the north could fall as snow over the high parts of Scotland, northern England and Northern Ireland later in the weekend, and as we move through next week often below-average temperatures could support a mixture of rain, hail sleet and snow. “Most of any snow accumulation is likely over higher parts of the northern UK. “However, at this point, significant differences in the computer models emerge. “Most solutions lead to some unsettled weather, but the distribution of the rainfall and where we are likely to see any snow varies as well. “On Tuesday next week, the greatest risk of snow will be across northern parts of the UK, perhaps central areas and mostly over the hills.” 