TikTok creator Jennifer Valentyne describes herself as a "mum who loves cooking, cocktails and comedy". After years of cooking for her family, she has found a quick and easy recipe to make poached eggs that do not require a pan or the use of your hob. In a video shared with her 572.3K followers, Jennifer showed how to make her "perfect" poached egg using just a cup of water, a dash of vinegar and her microwave. She said: "The easiest poached egg you've ever made. Add one teaspoon of vinegar to a cup of cold water and then add your egg." Vinegar is a must-have addition when making poached eggs that is recommended by countless chefs. The acidity of vinegar helps increase the rate of denaturing and helps the poached egg hold its shape. Although vinegar has a strong taste and smell, a few drops are unlikely to affect the taste of your egg.  READ MORE: Five food storage ideas to stop cheese from going mouldy  Using a light colour vinegar, such as white vinegar, is recommended as this means your egg will not become discoloured or have a strong taste. Darker vinegar, such as balsamic, is advised against as they are likely to change the colour and taste of your egg. Next, Jennifer says you should pop the cup of water and egg into a microwave. "Microwave for one minute," she said. Once she removes her egg from the microwave, she says it looks "perfect". She continued: "I put it on my sprouted grain toast and add a little salt and paper." Upon cutting into her egg a golden, runny yolk oozes out. She said: "That's beautiful, look at that, perfect." DON'T MISSBurger King launches brand-new menu items - here's what you can get [INSIGHT]Mum shares 'best ever' lasagne recipe you can make in a slow cooker [COMMENT]Wetherspoons names seven pubs across UK facing axe [UPDATE] Jennifer's poached egg video has so far amassed 13.9K "likes" and viewers have commented on their experiences of testing the hack themselves. Although many chefs recommend using vinegar, some commenters said that this step was not necessary when they tried the hack. Rachel commented: "You don't need the vinegar and I make poached eggs all the time." Rucci added: "No need to add the vinegar, it does nothing." Jonny described his favourite method of cooking eggs in the microwave, saying: "Put a half cup of water in ramekin. Skip the vinegar. Break the egg into the water. Microwave- but cover it in case it bursts. Simple." [SIC] Other users said the hack did not work for them. One user said: "Thanks but didn't work and it exploded in my microwave." If you prefer to cook your poached eggs on the hob, TikTok video creator Maddy, who shares recipes and cooking hacks with an audience of 527.8K followers on her @cafemaddy, has an alternative method. Maddy explained: "Here's how to poach your egg perfectly every single time. First, crack your egg onto a sieve so the watery parts of the egg white are filtered out and then into a simmering pot of water add distilled vinegar." Maddy continued: "Stir and then carefully put your egg into the water. Gently stir around the egg just so the egg doesn't stick to the bottom of the pot and then once we get a nice, round shape, simmer for another five minutes."