Prince Harry has been lying low since his book Spare, was released earlier this month. A body language expert Adrianne Carter has looked back at all the interviews he did and analysed several clips of the royal for Talk TV, and on two occasions she spotted gestures from Prince Harry that she claims suggested Harry felt “superior” to Prince William. Adrianne also commented on Harry’s gestures when speaking about the love he has for close family members. One of the two times Harry’s supposed “superiority” was noticed was during his appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert. Harry told the chat show host: “My words are not dangerous, the spin of my words are very dangerous.” Adrianne watched this moment and alleged: “We see a really strong facial expression of contempt - pursing the lips. Contempt means ‘I feel superior and I really don’t like what I’m seeing or hearing.’” The other time Adrianne noticed Harry’s feeling of “superiority” was during his interview with Anderson Cooper for CBS’ 60 Minutes. Anderson said: “You write about a contentious meeting you had with him [Prince William] in 2021. READ MORE: Kate 'lost' her 'partner in crime' but found 'replacement' - claims “You said ‘I looked at Willy, really looked at him, maybe since the first time since we were boys, I took it all in, his familiar scowl which had always been his default in dealings with me, his alarming baldness more advanced than my own’.” Adrianne watched this clip and claimed: “So we see a really telling clue from Harry’s facial expression when he talks about William’s baldness - we see the one-sided half smile. That means ‘I feel superior, I’m better than’. He’s quite proud of the fact he isn’t as advanced bald as his brother.” Anderson remarked: “It’s pretty cutting,” and Harry replied: “I don’t see it as cutting at all - my brother and I love each other, I love him deeply. The body language expert continued: “When Harry says ‘I love my brother deeply’ we see a frown appear on his face - just very briefly. DON'T MISS:Beauty fans praise £10 super primer that’s a dupe of Bobbi Brown [SHOP]Poundland to open and relocate 50 new stores [NEWS]Kate, Princess of Wales showcases new lipstick colour [PICTURES]  “Now that can mean three different things; anger, confusion and concentration. My guess - because I can’t ask him the question - my guess is confusion, I feel he is very conflicted with his feelings. He loves his brother, he says it with an intensity I believe, but there’s also this furrowed brow.” Harry also discussed his “love” for his father and brother during his ITVX interview with Tom Bradby. He said: “I love my father, I love my brother, I love my family - I always do. Nothing of what I’ve done in this book or otherwise has ever been with the intention to harm them or hurt them.” Adrianne watched this moment and claimed: “As we saw Harry right from the start talking about ‘I love my family’, he said ‘I love my family’ and a slight shoulder shrug - one side only. When someone does that, they do that position because they have no real confidence in what they’ve just said.” READ MORE: Sophie was ‘grim-faced’ at Harry & Meghan’s wedding - 'looked dour' Harry continued: “The many many years of the lies being told of me and my family, there comes a point where again going back to the relationship between certain members of the family and the tabloid press, those certain members have decided to get into bed with the devil, to rehabilitate their image. If you need to do that, choose to do that or want to do that - well that is a choice.” In response to this moment, Adrianne suggested: “When Harry says ‘When you choose to do that’ he does a pushing away gesture with his hand, his left hand, and that tells us he is pushing them away. If they keep leaking to the press and keep telling stories to the press about him, they will be pushed away and they’ve already been pushed away - he told us with his gesture. “ Harry added: “The moment that rehabilitation comes at the detriment of others - me, other members of my family, that’s where I draw the line.” Adrianne commented: “The flat palm gesture we see Harry do there, it tells us he feels there is no argument - it’s a strong gesture, a dominant gesture, it means it will be the end. It’s like a cutting gesture. As for whether Harry is denying reality, Adrianne gave her expert opinion: “I don’t get any signs of deception or denial from Harry’s behaviour. “Harry is telling the truth as he sees it, and that’s what we’ve got to remember. When a person is telling their truth, doesn’t matter if others see it or know it as the truth, it’s his truth. “So he’s not denying reality, for himself, but whether it matches other people’s reality is the difference.” Adrianne Carter, also known as The Face Whisperer, is a counsellor and psychotherapist, she is also a certified neuro-linguistic programming and natural success psychology coach too.