Newcastle were helped by a strange Premier League rule on Sunday afternoon as Fulham striker Aleksandar Mitrovic had a penalty ruled out at St James’ Park after the ball touched both of his feet while he was taking the spot kick. The Magpies have been in sensational form this season and have climbed into the top four of the Premier League table. Newcastle dominated proceedings against Fulham as they tested visiting goalkeeper Bernd Leno on a number of occasions. But midway through the second half, the Cottagers had the opportunity to take the lead after Kieran Trippier brought down Bobby De Cordova-Reid in the penalty area. Mitrovic, who has already bagged 11 Premier League goals this season, stepped up to take the penalty. But as he struck the ball with his right foot, he slipped and kicked it onto his left foot. The ball ended up flying beyond Newcastle keeper Nick Pope and into the back of the net. But the goal was ruled out and Newcastle were awarded a free-kick. The strange rule meant Mitrovic wasn’t given an opportunity to retake his spot-kick. And the player will feel hard done by as goalkeepers are given a second bite of the cherry to save a penalty if they are spotted coming off their line when facing a spot-kick. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Fulham performed well in the north east and would have been more than happy to take a point back to west London ahead of the match. But Mitrovic’s pain was made worse in the last minute of normal time as Alexander Isak headed in Callum Wilson’s cross to win the game for Newcastle. The result means the Magpies have climbed back above Manchester United and into third place in the Premier League table. And Eddie Howe’s team now have genuine hopes of qualifying for next season’s Champions League. DON'T MISSManchester United boss Ten Hag may have pulled off transfer masterstrokeWeghorst had ulterior motive to join Man Utd as revelation comes to lightMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in private  “Newcastle just kept going and going, and knocking on the door,” said former England midfielder Steve Stone as he summed up the match at St James’ Park. “The substitutes have been positive, [Allan] Saint-Maximin and Isak coming on the pitch to try and win the match. “You just sensed there that Fulham had just sat back and didn't get anywhere near the cross [for the goal]. For the first time in a long time in the second half, the ball into the box was quality and they got bodies in the box.” Newcastle have lost just one Premier League game all season and will fancy their chances of continuing their upward trajectory as they are set to face Crystal Palace, West Ham and Bournemouth in the coming weeks. 