Penny North, 61, was an avid 26-miler in the Eighties and early Nineties, tackling courses in New York, Boston, San Francisco and LA – until she fell asleep at the wheel and veered off the road. The horror smash in 1995 left Penny needing five rounds of surgery on her broken legs, while her right ankle remains rigid and unable to flex. She said: “I was in a wheelchair for a year, and doctors said I wouldn’t even be able to run for a bus. When I heard that, I thought, ‘People walk marathons, people without legs complete them’.” Penny decided she wanted “one more medal”. She added: “So I thought I would go for the London Marathon. I started applying in 1997, but every year failed to make the cut. It became a joke among friends. “That first year I got a T-shirt for donating my admission fee which reads London Marathon Reject. I’m finally going to be able to stop wearing it.” Penny had been working in the US as a nanny when she had the accident as she drove home alone to LA from a ski trip. Having returned to the UK to work in medical equipment sales 15 years ago, she quit running but continued applying to London – and failing. Then in 2014 she was finally inspired to put her trainers on again for a three-mile Park Run close to her home in Cleckheaton, West Yorkshire. She said: “I thought, if I can do three miles, then I can do 10k. Park Runs brought back my love for running.” In 2016, after missing out on the London Marathon 19 times, she entered the Reggae Marathon in Jamaica. Penny completed the music-filled course – which finishes on a beach with a party – in five and a half gruelling hours. She admitted: “I wanted to quit at 18 miles, but I knew I wouldn’t, I just started walking.  “Before the accident, I could run a marathon in three and a half hours but now I’m hoping to complete London in five hours. “I might not have speed, but I’ve got stamina. Marathons are my thing.” Penny added: “I would have kept applying for London until I was 90. “I wanted to do the major marathon of my own country. It’s a once-in-a-lifetime thing and will mean I have run three of the world’s big six marathons (New York, Boston and London). “It just leaves Berlin, Chicago and Tokyo. “You never know, Berlin isn’t too far to travel…” 