These latest figures are from December 2022 and could suggest inflation in the country may have reached its peak. Recently, figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) showed that wages had grown at their fastest pace in 20 years between September and November 2022. However, real term pay was revealed to have failed to keep pace with the inflation-hiked prices of goods and services over the period. Households have struggled to manage the financial pressures which have only worsened from the UK’s record high inflation rate. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Jeremy Hunt, said: "High inflation is a nightmare for family budgets, destroys business investment and leads to strike action, so however tough, we need to stick to our plan to bring it down. "While any fall in inflation is welcome, we have a plan to go further and halve inflation this year, reduce debt, and grow the economy - but it is vital that we take the difficult decisions needed and see the plan through. "To help families in the meantime, we are providing an average of £3,500 of support for every household over this year and next.” READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come Along with rising energy bills, the high CPI inflation rate has been one of the main contributors to the UK’s cost of living woes. Last year, the rate of inflation reached a staggering 41-year high of 11.1 percent as the economy struggled to get on its feet post-Covid. In light of this, the Bank of England has raised the UK’s base rate numerous times in an attempt to rein in inflation. Currently, the base rate is at 3.5 percent which has prompted interest rates for savers to go up but also the rate of repayments for mortgages and debt rise too. One of the main factors leading to this drop in the inflation rate has been the knock-on effect of falling petrol prices. According to the ONS, the largest downward contribution to the change in both the CPIH and CPI annual inflation rates between November and December 2022 were from transport, particularly motor fuels. Furthermore, there was a decrease in the price of clothing and footwear, as well as recreation and culture, over the period. Despite this, there was still an increase in prices for restaurants and hotels, and food and non-alcoholic beverages. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Even with this overall fall in CPI inflation, Alice Haine, a personal finance analyst at Bestinvest, warned that households need to be aware of the other factors impacting the economy. She explained: “Consumers cannot breathe a full sigh of relief just yet. Pay growth gathered pace in the three months to November with wages excluding bonuses rising by an annual 6.4 percent - the biggest increase since records began in 2001 not counting the jumps seen during the pandemic. “Meanwhile, the low unemployment figure of 3.7 percent – partly a reflection of the continuing shortage of workers as economic inactivity remains above pre-pandemic levels due to early retirement and high long-term sickness rates - still poses a risk to inflation as companies do their best to retain staff with bumper pay rises.” Andrew Megson, the CEO of My Pension Expert, said that while the economy may have outperformed initial forecasts of recession, consumers still need to adapt to soaring bills. He added: “For one, the trend of thousands of people in their 50s and 60s coming out of retirement to bolster their pension savings amid value-eroding inflation is expected to continue; seven percent of Britons aged 50 and over “unretired” in 2022, according to My Pension Expert’s latest research, and we could see the same again this year.” Jeremy Batstone-Carr, the European Strategist at Raymond James Investment Services, noted that further interest rate rises from the Bank of England are “likely” even with this inflation dip. He said: “Combined with the economy’s unexpected November growth, we are likely to see several further rate rises before the Bank finally believes it has done enough. There is now light glimmering at the end of the inflationary tunnel. But there is still a long way to go. Inflation still far outpaces wage growth, meaning people are still getting poorer. “The lagged effect of earlier rate rises are likely to deepen the economic downturn. And the Bank itself forecasts inflation only to return to target by the end of 2024 – making it a rough two-year journey back to economic normality.” Kevin Brown, a savings specialist at Scottish Friendly, broke down what a continuous drop in inflation will mean for savers, homeowners and workers. It could be good news for workers in the private sector who are benefitting from rising pay packets is prices do come down, as their disposable income could start to improve Mr Brown added: "Those in the public sector are not so lucky as inflation would have to fall significantly for them to see the same kind of improvement in their finances. Mortgage costs will also have a major bearing on households who are remortgaging this year. Homeowners could find themselves paying significantly more each month and this could potentially do more damage to their disposable income than inflation has done over the past two years. “Meanwhile, the message to savers remains the same for now, seek out the best possible rate of interest for any spare cash you may need easy access to and for anything beyond that, think about investing to give yourself the potential to protect your money from inflation.”