The alarming moment a teenage girl was kicked and punched at a party was caught on camera. The shocking footage, filmed on a mobile phone, shows the 16-year-old girl being repeatedly attacked. The attack is reported to have taken place at an address in Huyton, Merseyside, at around 7.30pm on Monday January 2. In the footage, people can be heard asking the attacker to stop before she asks onlookers to "pass that bottle" - believed to be a bottle of vodka. Merseyside Police said the force is aware of the footage and an investigation is underway. A 15-year-old was arrested on suspicion of attempted Section 18 assault with intent and has been released on conditional bail pending further enquiries. The mum of the victim has spoken out about the injuries her daughter suffered as a result of the attack. The mum, from Huyton, who has asked to remain anonymous, said: "After it happened they thought she had just suffered a concussion but on Tuesday she couldn't move her neck. "She went for a scan and it turns out she had internal bruising as well as bruising to the side of the face. A chunk of her hair was pulled out and my friend had to take her to the hairdresser to get the knots out her hair." Since the attack, the girl hasn't been able to go back to college, reports Liverpool Echo. The mother said: "She couldn't go to college this week. The college has put safeguarding in place for her."  "If someone had passed the girl the bottle of vodka she would have been hit over the head with it and died." A spokesperson for Merseyside Police said: "We can confirm that a girl has been arrested on suspicion of assault following an incident in Huyton on Monday 2 January 2023. At around 7pm, a teenage girl was reportedly assaulted at Knowsley Heights during a party. "She sustained facial and head injuries. Following enquiries, a 15-year-old girl was arrested on suspicion of attempted Section 18 assault with intent and has been released on conditional bail pending further enquiries." Detective Inspector Alyson Keenan said: "We are aware of footage of this incident in circulation on social media. I cannot emphasise enough that this is an active investigation so I would strongly discourage people sharing or commenting on such images or videos, as this could jeopardise our enquiries, and cause further harm and distress to those young people present. "Instead, we need you to pass any information via @MerPolCC or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 with reference 23000008447, and we take the appropriate action." 