 Denmark may have been the key force in wind power throughout the technology’s first decade in the Eighties, but the industry has changed considerably since then. China is top in terms of total capacity, but it is Sweden that generates the most from turbines per population. The UK – notably boasting the largest offshore wind farm in the world – is firmly among the leaders thanks to the Government’s multi-billion pound investment in clean energy.   Total global wind power capacity hit 837 gigawatts (GW) last year – enough to run over 600 million homes – according to the Global Wind Energy Council (GWEC). Global wind capacity has increased more than 100-fold since 2000. “Wind energy is at the heart of the energy transition and global wind power production will continue to grow as governments deliver on their net-zero targets,” said Ben Backwell, CEO of the GWEC. According to the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA), the cost of generating electricity via offshore wind fell by 13 percent between 2020 and 2021, and by 15 percent onshore. On the other hand, as governments transition away from fossil fuels and energy firms move into the sector, bidding wars for wind farm sites are sending prices shooting up. Last year, six plots off the Atlantic coast of the US sold for a total of $4.4billion (£3.5billion) – a greater sum than the country’s record deal for oil and gas drilling rights. A joint venture between German utility company RWE and the UK’s National Grid paid $1.1billion (£900million) for the largest of the ocean plots on offer. The auction demonstrated both the US’s commitment to wind – president Joe Biden aiming for 30GW of offshore capacity by 2030 – as well as its ever-growing value in the eyes of energy firms.   Following the oil crises of the Seventies, Denmark made an early pivot towards renewable power sources. Pioneers of the technology, the world’s first multi-megawatt wind turbine was erected in the town of Ulfborg in 1978. Today, although Danish firm Vestas holds the title of the world’s largest wind turbine manufacturer according to market analysts Blackridge, the country is no longer on top when it comes to installed capacity. In terms of wind capacity per capita, the world leader lies across the Sound from Copenhagen. Sweden had the ability to generate 12.08GW from its turbines in 2021 according to the latest estimates by the IRENA. For a relatively low-population country of 10.6 million, this works out to a production rate of 110 megawatts (MW) for every 100,000 people. Sweden is Europe’s largest net exporter of electricity according to WindEurope, primarily thanks to its vast onshore wind sector. READ MORE: Full scale of British wind power laid bare as UK free from Russian gas  Having led the world in terms of total capacity for a decade between 1997 and 2007, although Germany’s 63.87GW potential today trails that of China and the US, the country remains first in Europe. Germany’s rate of 77MW per 100,000 ranks it second globally. As the cost of gas soared in the wake of Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine last year, the German economy and climate ministry announced plans to increase the country’s onshore capacity to 115GW, with the goal of fulfilling 80 percent of the country’s electricity needs with renewable sources by 2030. The latest IRENA data put Spain’s wind power capacity at 27.5GW, working out to a rate of 57MW per capita – placing it third on the list. The world’s second-largest turbine producer, Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy (SGRE) is based on the outskirts of Bilbao in the Spanish Basque region. In fourth is the US, with a wind production rate of 39MW for every 100,000 Americans. Despite boasting the second-most capacity in the world at 132.74GW in 2021, some fear growth in the sector is to be slowing in spite of the White House’s ambitions. Analysts at Hitachi Energy forecast the US will likely add 5.8GW in annual capacity over the next three years, relative to 13GW a year on average between 2019 and 2021. DON'T MISS:British expats set to deal with 'maddening' post-Brexit rules [REPORT]Chilling reality behind George V’s ‘peaceful’ death [REVEAL]Five expert predictions for Ukraine war in 2023 [INSIGHT]Surrey police force has more misconduct complaints than officers [UNCOVERED]  The UK comes in fifth place by this metric – with a total capacity of 25.73GW and a rate of 38 per 100,000 in 2021. However, great strides have been made in the past year alone. In August, the world’s largest offshore wind farm, Hornsea 2, opened off the coast of Yorkshire. Operated by Danish firm Orsted, the site’s 165 turbines can generate 1.3GW alone – enough to power Manchester. In fact, in terms of offshore capacity, the UK leads Europe and is behind China only globally, having overtaken Denmark back in 2008. Wind power met over a quarter of the UK’s electricity demand last year (26.8 percent) for the first time. According to the National Grid ESO – the company running the country’s power infrastructure – a record 21.6GW of power came from wind in the UK on the evening of January 10.   Commenting on the news, RenewableUK CEO Dan McGrail said: “This is good news for billpayers and businesses, as wind is our cheapest source of new power and reduces the UK’s use of expensive fossil fuels which are driving up energy bills.” Gas remains the UK’s number one source of electricity – accounting for roughly 40 percent of the total – but the Government hopes to achieve 50GW of wind capacity offshore alone by 2030 as part of its new Energy Security Strategy. China took over as the country with the most wind power capacity in the world in 2016, and is today ahead by a considerable margin. With the potential to generate 328.97GW from its turbines, China has almost three times the capacity of the next-placed US. Data from the Chinese National Energy Administration indicate the country installed more wind turbines offshore in 2021 than every other country had built over the last five years – meaning the country now operates almost half of the world’s offshore capacity, with 26.39GW of the 54.26GW total. However, relative to population, China’s size means its production rate per 100,000 of 23MW puts it all the way down in eighth, behind France (29MW) and Canada (37MW). 