A widow was "totally bemused" after seeing her late husband in a restaurant's promotional video that was supposedly shot last week, according to reports. Lucy Watson, 59, is convinced it is old footage of Harry Doherty, who died nine years ago. She could not believe her eyes when she saw the video on a Facebook ad for The Spice Cottage in Chichester, West Sussex. Ms Watson told MailOnline: "The moment I saw the thing I thought 'Oh my God - that's Harry.' It was so instant. I didn't even have to think. "He'd be eating a chicken korma because that's all he ever ate. "There was no doubt in my mind, it was my husband. I couldn't pause the thing so I had to replay it about 30 times and each time I was surer and surer. "Harry was a big, distinctive man. He has white hair. His build and his glasses are distinctive. I recognised the blue sweatshirt he was wearing and he is sitting there with his son Alex."  Lucy immediately commented on the video, asking the restaurant: “How old is the footage? My late husband and his son are on the first shot and he died in 2014??" To which the restaurant answered: "Hi Lucy, sorry to hear this. This footage was recorded last week." She assumed it must have been an old video so asked when it was filmed before the internet went "crazy" with Facebook users reacting to the woman’s claim. Katrina Coyle said: "Just seen this in the news. So many questions. Is the poor women’s husband really dead and this is just a lookalike or is he missing presumed and quite possibly been caught out by social media." READ MORE: Vengeful chef released cockroaches in pub kitchen after pay row While Sophie Verney added: "I need closure on this story." Yolanda Gilbert Garcia questioned the woman’s claim, saying: "I tried to give her the benefit of the doubt thinking maybe he faked his death just to leave her, but now I'm thinking fake account posting bulls***." After seeing all the comments on Facebook, Ms Watson said she was "totally bemused by the response. I don't understand how people have picked it up in this way to be quite honest and there's all these crazy theories." She explained: "Harry died in 2014 – there's absolutely no doubt about that. He was seriously ill in hospital for the last few months. They were going to do a liver transplant but he didn't make it. He was as skinny as anything before he died so the video must have been taken some months before that." DON'T MISS:Fake restaurant created in prank became the best ranked in London [REPORT] Police rush to Birmingham after boy stabbed outside McDonald's [REPORT] Filthy Chinese takeaway deemed a 'health risk' fined £6,000 [REPORT] The Facebook promotional video was captioned: "New year, new mood! For the last few weeks, we’ve been working hard to make our dining experience even more memorable. Join us for a perfect blend of exquisite flavours, with classical and unique dishes inspired by ancient family recipes." It led to some Facebook users saying it could be a "publicity stunt". Hayley N Paddy Whitbread said: "Best publicity stunt ever goes to the Spice Cottage." Danette Perkins commented: "In the coming days we will come to learn that everyone in this video is actually dead and this place really comes alive at night." Flora Lape said: "One way to get people to like and join the page.. I fell for it also." READ NEXT: Britney Spears’ husband slams claims of pop star's public ‘meltdown’'Secret' to restaurant quality pork cracklingByron burger chain goes into administration as closures announcedPub hits back at diner who moaned about 'boiled to mush' vegetablesJohn Lennon raged when restaurant played certain Fab Four song