Bling Empire New York is the first Bling Empire spin-off, following the glamorous and dramatic lives of wealthy Asian Americans. The Netflix reality show introduced businessman Stephen Hung and his model wife Deborah, but following the series launch, subscribers are keen to know what happened to the couple. Here's all there is to know about Stephen and Deborah Hung's relationship. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Bling Empire New York.Leading Chinese businessman Stephen Hung and former Mexican model Deborah Hung are the power couple of Bling Empire New York. Throughout the series, the pair are seen standing by one another, no matter what drama went on and are open about their love. So it doesn't come as too much of a surprise that fans are eager to know all about their relationship. Many have been sceptical over the years because of the age gap between Stephen and his wife. READ MORE: My 600lb Life's Erica Wall looks unrecognisable in swimsuit snap Bling Empire New York star and entrepreneur Stephen Hung is reportedly 64 years old. His wife Deborah is 24 years his junior, making his other half 40. The pair celebrated their 11-year wedding anniversary earlier this year, according to The Cinemaholic. They don't have any children and Deborah spoke out in the Netflix series about how she was tired of people questioning if they would start a family. Deborah said: “They don’t know what is happening with me. “They don’t know if I really want or I cannot, or Stephen cannot, or he doesn’t want. People are just annoying.” She met Stephen when they both attended a Versace show in Hong Kong, with him attending as a client and herself as one of the models. Deborah had finished her law studies and was ready to give up her career as a model to start working as an attorney but her plans quickly changed after they met. DON'T MISS...Sally Nugent slaps down BBC co-star over 'inappropriate' comment [REACTION]Traditional TV and radio cannot be allowed to die [EXPLAINER]Fauda bosses discuss show's future and exciting spin-off project [UPDATE] She and Stephen got married in 2002 at a stunning ceremony held at The Ritz-Carlton in Hong Kong. Then, instead of becoming an attorney, she set up her own modelling agency, Dreamodels. The business became so successful that Dreamodels turned into one of the married duo's biggest sources of income. Deborah and Stephen are still together following Bling Empire New York and are often seen attending different events in the public eye, hand in hand. So far, there has been no talk regarding the future of Bling Empire New York. Netflix hasn't renewed the reality series for a second season but that doesn't mean there won't be more new episodes to come. Bling Empire has had three seasons so it does seem likely there will be more of the spin-off to come. Bling Empire New York is available to watch on Netflix.