Dancing on Ice viewers were left gobsmacked when Brian May made an unexpected appearance on Sunday’s show. The Queen legend recorded a message of support to contestant Siva Kaneswaran who performed his skate to the iconic Bohemian Rhapsody. Siva and Klabera Komini performed the Queen classic from We Will Rock You for musicals week. After their routine, Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby showed them a clip before the judges gave their feedback. Phillip explained: “Let us show you something here because we’ve got a message for you from Brian May.” “Siva, Siva, Siva you are The Wanted, you are the wizard, you are the icon on ice. “Bohemian Rhapsody? You’re going to smash it. Go buddy!” Read more: Dancing on Ice sparks ‘fix’ row as fans slam Michelle Heaton’s score Phillip commented: “And you did smash it.” “What a legend,” The Wanted star remarked. “I’m speechless.” Dancing on Ice viewers were stunned by Brian’s message of support and took to Twitter to comment. Julian Hilaire tweeted: “As if Brian may watched that….he wouldn’t have phoned in had he #DancingOnIce.” Janice Hiftle joked: “Brian May obviously did not see that performance! #dancingonice.” “Wow cant believe that @SivaKaneswaran got a message from Brian May that is amazing!!! #DancingOnIce,” Ellena Anastasiades said. Ariadne Griffin wrote: “Brian May has not watched a single second of this show #DancingOnIce #DoI.” Sophie Louise praised: “Casual message from Brian May!! Loved that @SivaKaneswaran, so proud of you!! Now I'm ready to vote at the end of the show!! #DancingOnIce.” DON'T MISSDancing on Ice star shares message from 'fierce friend' Oti Mabuse [INSIGHT]Jayne Torvill wades in on controversial Ekin-Su Dancing On Ice outfit [VIDEO]Coronation Street's Mollie Gallagher addresses future as beloved Nina  [INTERVIEW] Matt Ester shared: “Someone paid Brian May for a Cameo didn’t they #dancingonice.” Despite Brian’s words of encouragement, the judges didn’t ultimately agree. Ashley Banjo, Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean each scored him six point five. However, Oti Mabuse thought his performance was slightly better and gave The Wanted star a seven. Siva was saved but Michelle Heaton was eliminated in a shocking exit twist on Sunday. Phillip and Holly announced at the start of the show that there would be no skate-off. Instead, Dancing on Ice viewers had sole control on who would progress in the competition once the judges had given their marks. Michelle finished the show at the bottom of the leaderboard and the viewers’ vote failed to save her. Dancing on Ice continues on ITV on Sunday at 6.25pm.