Jeremy Clarkson previously said he is "horrified" after "causing so much hurt" in a column he wrote in The Sun about the Duchess of Sussex. More than 20,000 complaints had been made to the press regulator after the Clarkson's Farm star wrote in December he ”hated [Meghan] on a cellular level". After taking a period of silence, the famous farmer shared he had welcomed his first ever piglet at his Oxfordshire Farm today. Jeremy shared a snap of him with the sweet creature and typed: “A piglet. Our first.” Fans flocked to comment on the post as they offered their congratulations to the former Top Gear presenter. While others addressed his previous comments about Meghan, as mrjoshparr remarked: “Hopefully, it's not female and won't be subjected to misogynistic comments." READ MORE: Stacey Solomon cradles growing baby bump in glowing pregnancy snap  While HarryJ added: "I reckon Clarkson’s Farm might feature a pig or two next season."(sic) In a tweet after his column was published, Jeremy said: "Oh dear. I've rather put my foot in it." The column has now been removed from the publication's website and Jeremy took to Twitter to apologise last month. In his message to followers on December 19 he described a reference he made to a scene in Game of Thrones as "clumsy". "I'm horrified to have caused so much hurt and I shall be more careful in future," he said. "In a column, I wrote about Meghan, I made a clumsy reference to a scene in Game of Thrones and this has gone down badly with a great many people." The Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO), told BBC News the complaints were being assessed in accordance with its standard procedure. Nearly 21,000 complaints were made to IPSO making it the organisation's most complained about article. DONT MISS:Zara Tindall in her element as she dodges royal drama with Mike in Oz (PHOTOS)Meghan and Harry's pal Omid Scobie admits his book may not be accurate (NEWS)Holly Willoughby unveils new hair after letting son, 8, cut inches off (LATEST)  Jeremy’s own daughter Emily Clarkson defended the Duchess, saying: "I want to make it very clear that I stand against everything my dad wrote about Meghan Markle." Meanwhile, Jeremy and his beloved tractor will soon be returning to viewers' screens for the second series of Clarkson's Farm. The first launched onto our screens in 2021, following the broadcaster, AKA Britain’s most unlikely farmer, as he attempted to run a 1,000 acre farm in the Cotswolds alongside a host of hilarious characters – all of whom are set to return, too. The upcoming season will bring a "deeper insight into another year on Diddly Squat Farm. "Jeremy aims to diversify, expanding his limited agricultural knowledge under the watchful eye of his no-nonsense team", Amazon previously teased.