Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield returned as hosts to the ITV skating competition to welcome the first of the 2023 stars. Love Island winner Ekin-Su Culculoglu was one of the first six stars to take to the ice, and performed to Britney Spears' Toxic. However, viewers were more concerned about her costume than the performance, with many claiming it wasn't a "flicking your hair" show after she completed her racy routine. The 28-year-old rose to fame in 2022 after winning the ITV dating show with boyfriend Davide last year. The reality show star was labelled the favourite to win in the weeks leading up to the series premiere of Dancing on Ice, but found herself in the bottom two. She had performed with pro skater Brendyn Hatfield but after her Dancing on Ice debut, many fans were distracted by her outfit. Ekin-Su sported a nude leotard as she performed her routine, which sparked some reaction from fans. READ MORE: Happy Valley fans 'work out' Hepworth's link to Tommy Presenter Holly Willoughby described Ekin-Su's performance as "the sexiest we've ever had on Dancing on Ice". Judge Oti Mabuse commented it was "hot, hot, hot from the outfit to the hair to the makeup". Some fans took a different view though, with several complaining on social media that Dancing on Ice is a "family show". Twitter user @MikeJohnson2174 wrote: "Ekin had to be reminded it's a skating show... #dancingonice." Nicky Welding added: "Yes Ekin Su it’s a skating not a pouting and flicking your hair show." Garry Enfield penned: "Not an outfit for a family show, shame you on Ekin Su. #DancingOnIce." Sara Sutting shared: "Ekin hell. Bit much at this time of night." "The overly sexualised routine because it’s Ekin and she was on love island so why not. Choreographer did her dirty," Shannon remarked. @triciatweetypie stated: "#DancingOnIce Ekin Su, thought this was a family show not a playboy audition. Well done Jayne, saying it's about the skating." DON'T MISS:Carol Kirkwood taken aback as BBC co-star refuses to answer [LATEST]EastEnders return for Robbie Jackson as fans spot telling clue [THEORY]Alan Sugar confirms future of The Apprentice after 20 years [EXCLUSIVE] However, others defended the Love Island star's outfit, with Viki adding:"Ekin was absolutely incredible ATE THEM ALL UP! from the outfit and makeup to the dance itself. #DancingOnIce." Dave defended the star, posting: "Obsessed with the Karens on the hashtag moaning about Ekin Su’s outfit, what did you want her to wear? A Sunday dress? #DancingOnIce." Katie tweeted: "Also if people could remember that Ekin didn’t choreograph that routine or choose the costume before they start s***ing her off for it that would be great #dancingonice." Following the performance, judge Christopher Dean bizarrely remarked Ekin would have received a 10/10 score from him if she "didn't have her skates on". Ekin was placed third from the bottom on the leaderboard, and she ended up in the bottom two alongside Liberty X star Michelle Heaton. Talking to Holly and Phillip about the result, Ekin admitted she was "gutted". Ekin's skate-off rival will be revealed in next week's show, when the second half of contestants take to the ice for the first time. Dancing on Ice continues on Sunday at 6.30pm on ITV.