A number of revelations from the book have already been seen after The Guardian obtained a copy of the memoir and wrote about its most shocking claims. The Duke of Sussex has now been branded "stupid" for including his kill count while discussing his tours of Afghanistan. Harry reportedly claimed in his memoir that he killed 25 Taliban soldiers while on his second tour. The royal flew Apache helicopters on a military base and he noted that he flew six missions while he was out there. The former soldier stated that the “era of Apache’s and laptops” meant he could say “with exactness” how many enemies he had killed. He said: “It seemed to me essential not to be afraid of that number. So, my number is 25.” Harry added: “It’s not a number that fills me with satisfaction, but nor does it embarrass me.’ The comments have caused outrage on social media as journalists and royal commentators accused the royal of causing a security "nightmare". Meanwhile, both former and current soldiers have accused Harry of being a poor soldier with bad etiquette for discussing the kill count. Royal commentator Phil Dampier said: “Prince Harry has said in the past one of his major aims is to protect his family. Is it really wise for him to admit killing 25 Taliban in Afghanistan? “Surely this is not the best way of doing that? It must make him more of a target. I have never known any other servicemen talk in such detail about these things in a theatre of war before.” The Duke of Sussex was pulled out of Afghanistan after it was revealed 10 weeks into a tour that he was flying helicopters for the military, which raised major security issues. READ MORE: Discretion and dignity a no show in Harry’s world Presenter Andrew Neil tweeted: “Harry’s claim that he killed 25 Taliban is a nightmare – an absolute nightmare – for his security teams. How stupid can you be?” He added: “My father was in uniform against the Nazis for six years. Never once in his long life did he ever talk to me about killing the enemy. “Even the concept much less numbers. And he was at Alamein. On the ground. Not in a helicopter.” The Duke of Sussex has not only now made himself a bigger target but is also seen to be contradicting his legal battle with the Home Office over his security concerns. The legal disagreement centres on Harry’s disagreement with not being given full police protection when he and his family visit Britain after he claimed he “does not feel safe”. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry book: Revelations of sex, cocaine and a deadly war (REVEAL)Boris Johnson poised for return to Downing Street in 2023 (INSIGHT)Tories could turn things around with 'President Rishi' strategy  (REVEAL) In the Spectator, MP and former British Army Captain Adam Holloway accused the father-of-two of being inappropriate about his time in the military. “A lot of soldiers do know how many people they have killed. They just don’t think it is appropriate to publicise the kill count – never mind whether it is satisfying or embarrassing to them or whatever,” he wrote. The scathing comments continued as Holloway accused Harry of being “the precise opposite of what his grandmother exemplified: dignity, restraint, and an ability to not parade his emotions”. He concluded: “Is there any confidence he will not break, or any discretion will he not now show in return for money?” Prince Harry has taken part in two interviews which will air this weekend ahead of the release of his book. A 90-minute ITV interview called ‘Harry: The Interview” with Tom Bradby will be aired on ITV1 at 9pm on January 8 and will be available to stream on ITVX. Express.co.uk has approached the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's representatives for comment.