Taking to the ice first is Love Island star Ekin-Si Culculoglu, former Footballer John Fashnu, Hollyoaks star Carley Stenson, reality star Joey Essex, Coronation Street star Mollie Gallagher, Drag Queen The Vivienne, EastEnders star Patsy Palmer, Olympian Nile Wilson, comedian Darren Harriott, Liberty X singer Michelle Heaton and The Wanted singer Siva Kaneswaran. Former Dancing on Ice star Kevin Kilbane recently opened up on what he thought of this year's line-up and gave a particular contestant some key advice. He exclusively told Ladbrokes: Fanzone: "John [Fashanu] is very similar to me in terms of his skating ability and experience going into the show... it's non-existent. "At least that's what I'm led to believe; John's partner, Alex [Schauman], is best friends with my wife, so they speak regularly. "As far as advice goes, all I can say to John is just enjoy the whole experience, throw yourself into it and enjoy it. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert issues warning to guest over WWI albums "When you're over six feet it's so hard to adjust, John's around 6' 3" so I know he's going to find it difficult getting used to those lifts, and sorting his feet out. It's going to be hard for him." He continued: "It's such a tough experience... it's one of the hardest things that I've ever done - I basically just relied on my wife to carry me through it. "She was my saviour in many respects. In fact, that's the best advice I can give to John, just rely on Alex and you'll be fine. "I'm good friends with Alex through Bri, my wife, so, of course, I want her to do well but she is with the show's outsider in John, so if I was to tip anyone to win the series, I think I'd actually go with Alex's husband, Lukasz [Rozycki]. "He's partnered with Michelle Heaton, so I think he's got a great chance. He also deserves a bit of luck on that show as well, as he's a really lovely guy. "There's your bet; get your money on Lukasz and Michelle at 12/1. That moment at Goodison Park, seeing Brianne [Delcourt], that was the first time I knew she was going to be my partner for the series. "It was around three-and-a-half years ago, and a lot has changed in our lives since then. It was a life-changing moment in every sense of the phrase." According to Ladbrokes, Nile Wilson has a 10/3 chance of being crowned the winner, with Ekin-Su Culculoglu following close behind at 7/2. DON'T MISS...James Martin hugs Brian Turner as he makes 'stammer' confession  [INSIGHT]BBC News' Joanna Gosling speaks out after quitting ahead of merger [WATCHJack Deam has stepped down from Father Brown as Inspector Mallory [LATEST] At the other end, it sees John Fashanu with odds of 25/1 at being eliminated from the competition first, with Patsy Palmer following with 20/1. Tonight, the first six dancers to take to the ice will be Patsy, Joey, Ekin-Su, Michelle, Siva, and Nile. Ahead of her first performance, Patsy told Evening Standard: “I thought I wasn’t going to do this because it’s going to be too hard. "I was also thinking about my age and that I might hurt myself, and I’m (based) in LA, I didn’t know how it would work. “But then I thought it could work out quite well. It’s definitely going to be a brilliant challenge. "I always want my kids to see it’s good to be doing fun things, challenging yourself and getting out there.” Joey added: "I’ve been trying not to fall because I feel I’ve got the falling out of the way. I had stitches in my finger. It is quite bad.” Dancing on Ice airs Sunday from 6:30pm on ITV1.