Dancing on Ice is making a comeback for its 15th season on ITV, following former Strictly Come Dancing star James Jordan's victory in 2022. Now, 11 more celebrities have signed up for the challenge, but who will be soaring around the ice and who will fall flat on their face? Here's everything there is to know about the return of Dancing on Ice. The premiere of Dancing on Ice season 15 will begin on Sunday, January 15, at 6.30pm on ITV. Episode one is going to be available to stream via ITV's free streaming service ITVX after the live show concludes. Past series have run for 10 weeks with a celebrity getting voted off each week following a public vote. If this is the case once again, it seems likely Dancing on Ice will finish sometime around the middle of March 2023. READ MORE: Carole Malone fumes Harry 'should be banned' from 'every' royal event This time will see the skating competition having a major scheduling shake-up. Instead of each live episode airing for two hours, Dancing on Ice will be cut down to an hour and a half. An announcement from ITV on social media confirms: “This year the series is reduced to 90 minutes per episode. "So rather than six dances in two hours, we’ll now have 11 dances in just an hour and a half.” Once again, This Morning stars Philip Schofield and Holly Willoughby will be fronting Dancing on Ice together. They will be joined by the judges whose job is to give their critique, praise and, most importantly, their points following each performance. Skating legends Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean are also back to act as the show's head judges. Meanwhile, at the other end of the panel will be Diversity dancer Ashley Banjo and ex-Strictly star Oti Mabuse who first appeared on Dancing on Ice last year. DON'T MISS...BBC News exodus sees presenters quit as merger sparks 'humiliation' [EXPLAINER]Next Level Chef's cast will have to impress Gordan Ramsay [CAST]Prince Harry interview blasted as ‘boring’ – YOUR VERDICT [ROYAL] Here's who will be taking part in this year's show and their professional skating partners: Liberty X singer Michelle Heaton and Łukasz Różycki Comedian Darren Harriott and Tippy Packard Love Island 2022 winner Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Brendyn Hatfield Former EastEnders actress Patsy Palmer and Matt Evers RuPaul's Drag Race star The Vivienne and Colin Grafton Towie star Joey Essex and Vanessa Bauer Coronation Street actress Mollie Gallagher and Sylvain Longchambon Ex-footballer John Fashanu and Alexandra Schauman The Wanted singer Siva Kaneswaran and Klabera Komini Hollyoaks actress Carley Stenson and Mark Hanretty Olympic gymnast Nile Wilson and Olivia Smar The first six contestants to take to the ice in week one will be Michelle Heaton, Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu, Siva Kaneswaran, Joey Essex, Patsy Palmer and Nile Wilson. Week two will then see The Vivienne, Darren Harriott, Mollie Gallagher, John Fashanu, and Carley Stenson compete for those high scores. But only time will tell who is going to push the boat out in their first live performance on Dancing on Ice. Dancing on Ice premieres on Sunday, January 15, at 6.30pm on ITV.