 Jennifer Aniston, 53, and Brad Pitt, 59, spent years as a married couple in the early 2000s and since their divorce, have remained good friends. However, sources have claimed the actress has some growing concerns about Brad’s new relationship as the pair were reportedly getting close again following his notorious split from Angelina Jolie.   In 2000, Jennifer and Brad made Hollywood headlines as the A-listers tied the knot. They remained somewhat happily married for five years before splitting, but were famously good friends in the decades since their divorce. Brad then went on to marry his second wife, Angelina Jolie, in 2014 in a union that also lasted five years. Now, after a turbulent divorce, Brad has found love once again as he started dating 30-year-old Ines De Ramon in November last year. READ MORE: Richard Madeley's daughter Chloe rushes her 'very poorly' baby girl to hospital  The pair were photographed out and about together, with a lovestruck Brad visibility smitten with the jewellery designer. While fans have been obsessing over the 29-year age gap between the lovebirds, Brad’s ex-wife reportedly has other concerns. A source reportedly told Closer Magazine that Jennifer has retreated from her friendship with Brad since Ines arrived on the scene. They claimed the actress has shared her concerns for Brad with friends, saying she has “a bad feeling about it”.  Now there is a growing icy atmosphere between the former couple, according to reports, as the source claimed: “Jen and Brad were in Cabo at the same time last week. “Under normal circumstances, they would have met up, but Jen didn’t reach out this time.” It’s reportedly not just her closeness to Brad affecting her feelings towards this new relationship, but also the fact that Jennifer shares mutual friends with Paul Wesley. Ines and Vampire Diaries actor Paul got married in 2019 and split just last year.  The source continued: “Naturally that’s swayed her opinion. Jen knows she can’t really say anything, but she’s already thinking there are red flags.” "It’s not just the actress’s own conscience keeping her away from Brad as her friends are also reportedly telling her not to get involved." The source noted: “Jen’s said she now feels Brad is like a big brother to her, she wants to see him happy and it’s hard for her to bite her tongue and watch him take risks. “But she’s well aware Brad needs to be left to live his life in peace.”  Her friends are also reportedly concerned that Jennifer’s current dating history may lead to rumours if she involves herself in Brad’s relationship. The actress has been notoriously single since splitting from her own second husband, Justin Theroux, in 2017. During 2020, when both Jennifer and Brad were single, they became famously close again, as they were pictured holding hands on the SAG Awards red carpet and did multiple projects together during the year. Some fans have begun constructing their own theories about the two, with some highlighting the fact that Ines is currently the age Jennifer was when she began dating Brad. Express.co.uk has contacted Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston’s representatives for comment.