Tottenham’s turbulent season hit a new low on Sunday as Arsenal beat them 2-0 in the north London derby. A Hugo Lloris own goal and thunderbolt strike from Martin Odegaard gave the Gunners all three points. So, with the pressure mounting on the Italian after yet another setback, Express Sport will now take a look at four candidates to replace him should Daniel Levy decide to wield the axe. Let’s start with the obvious. Mauricio Pochettino worked wonders during his time as Tottenham manager, making them a Premier League force and guiding them to the Champions League final back in 2019. And the brutal fact of the matter is that, since his sacking, Spurs have only gone downhill. Pochettino would be a popular pick over in north London and is currently available after his departure from Paris Saint-Germain back in the summer. The Argentine holds no grudges against Spurs and, in the past, has made it clear he’d be open to a return. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here You simply can’t overlook a manager of Thomas Tuchel’s calibre, especially given his own availability. The German is a free agent following his sacking from Chelsea back in September, with the Blues toiling ever since under Graham Potter. Tuchel would bring baggage, having often had arguments at Chelsea, PSG and Borussia Dortmund over the course of his career. Yet he’s a serial winner and has succeeded at every club he’s been at, making him worthy of consideration. Whether Tuchel would take a job at Tottenham given their fierce rivalry with Chelsea, however, remains to be seen. Joachim Low is another boss on the market at present. The German, who guided his country to World Cup glory back in 2014, is a top coach who is eager to get back into management after leaving his post with the national team in 2021. "I already have the intention of taking on a task in football again,” he said recently.  "The fun in this sport is too much for that. "If I feel a task appeals to me, I'm ready and attack again." Low would be a gamble given he’s not managed at club level for nearly two decades, but his success with Germany means he’d be a name in the frame to take charge. Many questioned Barcelona’s logic when they hired Luis Enrique as manager back in 2014, with the Spaniard replacing the late Tito Vilanova. Yet nobody was scrutinising him come the end of his first season in the job, with Barcelona winning a stunning treble for the second time in their history. Enrique is on the market following his departure from the Spain national team last month. And given Spurs are crying out for trophies, he could be the way to go. He’s a top manager who would be able to bring structure and organisation to a Tottenham side that currently lack both. To make matters worse for Conte, the Tottenham boss was more than happy to pay tribute to Arsenal following their victory. “Arsenal showed they are a really good team and I think honestly I’m sure that today it wasn’t easy for them to play against us, especially with this atmosphere,” he said. “They have a great balance and hit the right moments. “In the second half they suffered a lot and showed their resilience and when a team can do this it means they are ready to fight for a title. “I think with Manchester City they are the only two teams who are going to fight for the Premier League this season.”