Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen have been warned Ferrari are aiming for victory under new team boss Frederic Vasseur. The Frenchman stressed the team has everything in place to “target wins” after struggling at times last season. Former Alfa Romeo boss Vasseur said wanting to finish P2 would be a “lack of ambition” in fighting talk ahead of the season opener. He explained: "When you are in a top team, you can't have another target than to win. "You can't start the season saying you are happy with P2 - it would be a lack of ambition. We have everything to do a good job and the target has to be to win." The remarks differ dramatically from former team boss Mattia Binotto who continually stressed the team had to improve before they could challenge at the front. Vasseur's comments clearly show he is aiming to bring success back to the Prancing Horse after years in the wilderness. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton tipped to play role in Ferrari trying to sign Norris The team has not won the Drivers' Championship since Kimi Raikkonen lifted the trophy in 2007. The Italian marque looked as though they would come close last season with Leclerc winning two of the first three races. However, they made a series of strategic mistakes and suffered reliability issues when they had a pace advantage early on in the campaign. Throughout the year, the team seemed to fall away with Leclerc picking up just one win in the second half of the season. This may have been down to technical concerns with Binotto previously claiming the team had to turn down their power unit due to reliability issues. Reports over the winter suggest Ferrari has fixed this issue meaning they could be set to gain around 30bhp. DON'T MISSEx-F1 star disagrees with Charles Leclerc over Ferrari team orders [INSIGHT]Michael Schumacher and Lewis Hamilton had near identical routes to F1 [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton heartbreak 'not difficult' claims Felipe Massa [COMMENT] Sources have also hinted the new model could be a second per lap faster than the 2022 machine. Vasseur added: “The performance of the engine was not an issue. The issue was reliability and the first target is to fix it. "So far, it looks OK, but the reality of the track is a different thing. A couple of issues that the teams suffer - and it's not just true for Ferrari - in terms of reliability are also coming from track operation, [aerodynamic] bouncing, and vibration. Everyone will have a much better idea [at the pre-season test] in Bahrain in a few weeks' time."