A five-year search for a missing woman has ended in tragedy after her remains were found on Tuesday. Cheyann Klus was reported missing by her father after she failed to return home to Downers Grove - a village around 22 miles west of Chicago - in December 2017. Detectives were able to identify her body using dental records. The circumstances of her death and details about the discovery of her remains have not yet been disclosed. In a devastating social media post on Sunday, her family confirmed the remains had been found. Her sister Mariah Klus posted on Facebook: "While it was not the news we were hoping for, we have received confirmation from law enforcement that Cheyann's remains were found. As her immediate family [father, sisters, brothers, nephews] in mourning, we ask for privacy as we grieve the unbearable loss of a daughter, sister, aunt, and a human being. READ MORE: Woman, 25, accused of stabbing her boyfriend after he urinated in their bed while sleeping "As her immediate family [father, sisters, brothers, nephews] in mourning, we ask for privacy as we grieve the unbearable loss of a daughter, sister, aunt, and a human being. "We plan to hold a private memorial service for Cheyann amongst us, but we hope that everyone can find solace in knowing that she has been found and respectfully laid to rest." According to a report posted on the Cook County Sheriff's Office website, Klus was reported missing by her father after she had not returned home after a few days. Police were able to verify she last had contact with a friend on January 12, 2017 in the area of 2100 N. Kilbourn Chicago, Illinois. DON'T MISSIdaho victim linked to victim on social media [LATEST]Polar bear mauls woman to death [REPORT]Briana Walshe charged with murder of missing wife [LATEST] Police looking for Klus searched the Mallard Lake Forest Preserve in Hanover Park, located about 18 miles from the missing woman's home. They conducted a search of the 948-acre park twice - once in late December 2017, and again in March 2018 - this time with more than 100 personnel and five dogs. But Klus was not located during either of those attempts to find her. Cook County Sheriff's Office did not provide information about where or how Klus' remains were located. READ MORE: Man stuns rescue team as he is found alive after two days 'at bottom of the sea' In a statement, it said: "The Sheriff's Office worked closely with the DuPage County Sheriff's Office and the FBI to successfully identify the remains of Cheyann Klus through dental records last week. "The Sheriff's Office will continue to work with Chicago Police to investigate the circumstances of her death, but we are grateful to help bring some measure of closure to Klus' family." The investigation into Klus’ disappearance was a joint effort of the Cook County Sheriff’s Office, the DuPage County Sheriff’s Office and the FBI. “The Sheriff’s Office will continue to work with Chicago Police to investigate the circumstances of her death, but we are grateful to help bring some measure of closure to Klus’ family,” the Cook County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement. According to the National Missing and Unidentified Persons (NamUS) database, which is funded by the US Department of Justice, more than 600,000 people go missing annually. Approximately 4,400 unidentified bodies are recovered each year.