The Philadelphia Eagles made history as they set the NFL record for most rushing touchdowns in a single season. The Eagles crushed the 49ers 31-7 in a one-sided NFC Championship Game to book their place in Super Bowl LVII. San Francisco suffered a number of key injuries with rookie quarterback Brock Purdy hurting his elbow while his replacement - fourth-string quarterback Josh Johnson - suffered a concussion and left the game himself. Purdy subsequently returned and played through his injury but the 49ers offence was severely hamstrung as the seventh round pick couldn’t throw the ball effectively. It meant the Eagles coasted to victory on the back of four rushing touchdowns, with running back Miles Sanders grabbing two while Boston Scott and quarterback Jalen Hurts each scored one. Philadelphia’s ground attack has been their strongest weapon this season and while they rushed for just 148 yards against the 49ers, all four touchdowns were on the ground to help the Eagles break a 60-year-old record. At the beginning of the 1960s, the Green Bay Packers - led by iconic head coach Vince Lombardi - leaned on a dominant running game to win the second of five titles during a dominant decade. Since then, no team had come close to their record for rushing touchdowns in a season, but Nick Sirianni’s Eagles have enjoyed similar success while making their own championship run. READ MORE: Patrick Mahomes snaps unwanted NFL streak to secure Super Bowl spot With the four touchdowns they scored, the Eagles have set a new record of 39 rushing scores in both the regular season and playoffs. Their remarkable total has surpassed the 37 scored by the Packers back in 1962, while Hurts set a new single season mark by scoring his 15th rushing touchdown - one more than Cam Newton in 2011. Hurts was the favourite to win MVP before he suffered a shoulder injury late in the season. He scored to extend Philadelphia’s lead to 28-7 on a one-yard scoring dart in the third quarter of the win over the 49ers. Similarly to the Packers, the Eagles relied on a number of players to ensure their running game successes. Jim Taylor led Green Bay’s unit with 20 touchdowns, while his teammates thrived behind a powerful offensive line, which Philadelphia also possess with the likes of Jason Kelce and Lane Johnson. DON'T MISSSan Francisco 49ers fans slam Jimmy Garoppolo for appearing to laughKansas City Chiefs AFC Championship preparations rocked by new injuryDamar Hamlin breaks silence on cardiac arrest in video message Hurts was seen smoking a cigar in the locker room after the NFC Championship win over the 49ers, and he was clearly lost for words as he led the Eagles to the Super Bowl. The 24-year-old said: “I always want to go out there and give my best regardless of what's going on because I don't want to let down the guy next to me. That makes us all go harder. “When we experience some painful times and some tough times, we always found a way to overcome. You want to be going into a situation like this, and we have a chance to go out there and win it all, so we want to prepare to go do that.” The Eagles will also get another chance to add to their rushing total in the Super Bowl. Philadelphia will face Patrick Mahomes’ Kansas City Chiefs in Super Bowl LVII at the University of Phoenix Stadium on February 12.