Suits ran for nine seasons until it came to an end in 2019. Meghan Markle starred in eight series as paralegal Rachel Zane who fell for college drop out and lawyer Mike (played by Patrick J Adams). Wanting to know about Meghan while they dated, Prince Harry admitted to googling her scenes in the legal drama. However, in his memoir Spare, the Duchess of Sussex has shared his regret over watching one sex scene. He explained: “I’d witnessed her and a cast mate mauling each other in some sort of office or conference room. “I didn’t need to see such things live.” The scene Harry watched took place in the season two finale as Rachel and Mike gave into their feelings for one another. READ MORE: Denise Welsh erupts over claims Harry trashing royals 'for money' The pair can be seen in a room of boxes filled with legal documents before they begin tearing each other’s clothes off. Mike is shown pushing Rachel up against the shelves as they can’t keep their hands off each other. In the saucy scene, Mike unzips Rachel’s dress exposing her bra before they continue kissing. Later scenes from Suits show Mike and Rachel in more intimate positions as they head to the bedroom. In season seven, one scene showed Meghan as Rachel sitting on top of her co-star. Rachel was pictured gyrating against Mike as they passionately locked lips. Speaking at the time, Mike star Patrick, said it was “hilarious” filming the racy scenes with Meghan. He explained to E! News: “Meghan and I are like brother and sister at this point, so a scene like that is basically just hilarious for us to shoot, but also really fun, because for these characters this is a big moment. DON'T MISS...Harry recalls Camilla turning his bedroom into her dressing room [INSIGHT]Carol Vorderman in tears over Prince Harry sex revelation [WATCH]Harry and Meghan getting 'confused’ with timings around royal exit [LATEST] “I do remember feeling like it felt a lot more intimate than the stuff that we normally get to do. Anytime the show takes little risks like that, I think it's a big win.” While Meghan and Patrick played lovers on-screen, they were friends off camera, with the actor even attending the 2018 Royal Wedding. Harry may not have been comfortable watching wife Meghan’s sex scenes but he had no problem sharing details of his own first sexual encounter. The Duke of Sussex shared details of losing his virginity to an older woman in his memoir. He described losing his virginity as a ‘humiliating episode with an older woman who liked macho horses and treated me like a young stallion.’ Harry penned: “I mounted her quickly, one of my many mistakes was letting it happen in a field behind a very busy pub, no doubt somebody had seen us.” The royal even shared how she slapped him on the bottom after they had finished. Suits season 1-9 are available to stream on Netflix now.