Yet, perversely, those paid to detect crime appear, in some cases, incapable of detecting it within their own ranks. As the largest force in the country, the Met takes the brunt of public anguish, not least when high-profile cases such as the murder of Sarah Everard result in the setting up of inquiries such as that undertaken by Lady Elish Angiolini; and an internal investigation established by the Met under the auspices of Baroness Louise Casey. Yet at the same time, little seems to have been learnt and even less put right. Current Met Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley, who only took up post a few months ago, has indicated his absolute determination to root out and expose abhorrent behaviour and corruption – and he must have our wholehearted support in seeing this through. But the time is over for believing – as Home Secretary Suella Braverman appears to believe – that yet another review of vetting and recruitment is needed. In fact, there was one in 2017, one in 2019 and a new code issued by the College of Policing less than a year ago. All of it was intended to prevent exactly what has, once again, been revealed by the case of David Carrick. For this type of behaviour to be tolerated, there has to be “something very rotten in the state of Denmark”. Officers at every level who had some suspicion either turned a blind eye or were intimidated by the climate and pressure around them to conform. But there is something more fundamental, which should worry us all. The behaviour exposed by some police officers is, I’m afraid, a reflection of something else going on in society driven, in part, by social media. Those of us of a certain age may never have heard of Andrew Tate. Our younger children or grandchildren almost certainly will have via his massive presence on the internet. We should take note. This is an individual with a group of people around him, who has access to hundreds of millions of young men, who feel their masculinity is in question and are encouraged to blame women for their own inadequacy. Tate is now in custody in Romania but action against him was ruled out by the CPS here in Britain. He denies the allegations. I believe some police officers are motivated by the same evil messages, transmitted and then repeated time after time. From school onwards, we need to instil in young men a respect for women. And young women must also continue to have the bravery to report abusers. In other words, this is not solely a matter of sorting out who we recruit into our police or how they are managed. We need a long, hard look at the cancer in our midst, and how true manhood can be encouraged so as to build respect for each other. And, above all, we need to foster an understanding that real strength, pride and self-worth arises from the joy we bring to others, rather than the fear we instil with crass, totally unacceptable actions.