As a result, London fared worse than its European rivals who remained on calmer waters during a relatively peaceful session of trading. The consequence was that the FTSE finished the day down 20.33 points. Chief market analyst at CMC Markets UK, Michael Hewson, told the Evening Standard: "It’s been another broadly positive session for markets in Europe after US inflation and retail sales pointed to a slowing economy, and the prospect of a slower path in rate hikes. “The FTSE 100 has once again underperformed after the latest UK inflation numbers served to put upward pressure on the pound, after month-on-month inflation came in above expectations at 0.4%, and annual core inflation remained steady at 6.3 percent." What this means on the ground is that people are paying more for the food they're buying at the shops.  However, it is one thing to say food inflation has gone up, but what does this mean in real terms. According to figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) it means that basic carbohydrates and dairy products have risen in price. For example, the price of two pints of regular cow milk has risen 50 precent while 400g of cheddar cheese has risen by 33 percent while a box of 12 eggs rose in rice by 30 percent. The reason these three are listed is because they are the three times which have risen most in price in comparison to how much they cost in December 2021. Overall, food prices were 16.8 percent higher in December 2022 than they were a year before. Talking about inflation, the Chief Economist at the ONS Grant Fitzner told the BBC: "It is important to point out that although we've seen a second consecutive easing, it is a fairly modest fall and inflation is still at a very high level with overall prices rising strongly." Mr Fitzner added that there was one crumb of comfort, that pay in some areas of the economy had risen strongly in the past three months, in some cases up to 7.2 percent. Senior investment and markets analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown Susannah Streeter added: "With the jobs market still tight, energy set to stay elevated and relentless food price rises continuing it will mean inflation stays stickier for longer." Streeter also warned there was a "long way to go before the price spiral is under control".  All this piles more pressure on Chancellor Jeremy Hunt who has tasked himself with halving the rate of inflation. Mr Hunt endured a tricky reaction to his latest video in which he explained inflation using coffee cups. In the clip, he buys a flat white and thereafter explains his grand plan for halving inflation. This would be done, said the Chancellor, by investing "a lot of money in renewable and nuclear power" and investing "in the national energy efficiency programme". However, within moments of the video going live it was ridiculed by Labour and the Lib Dems. Chief UK economist for Pantheon Macroeconomics Samuel Tombs told the BBC that the expected fall in inflation this year would "not have much to do with government policies". He added: ""They will be able to take some credit if they stand firm on public sector pay rises, but this is just one relatively small part of the overall puzzle "The biggest driver of the fall in inflation will be global developments in food, energy and goods prices."