From Prince Louis' naughty streak to Prince George's sweet nickname, the Wales children get the world talking more than any other royals. Princess Charlotte, seven, holds a particularly big place in the nation's heart. The seven-year-old has achieved a lot already. She's not only a fashion influencer but the Princess is also a future shaper. Charlotte changed history as she became the first-ever Princess not to be outranked by her younger brother. The young royal has a very close relationship with her aunt Pippa Middleton as the two share a very special thing in common - their name. Prince William and Kate Middleton welcomed their daughter Princess Charlotte on May 2, 2015 at the Lindo Wing of St Mary's Hospital in Paddington and announced her name two days after her birth. The name "Charlotte" is Pippa's middle name, leading people to believe that the royal moniker is a nod to Kate's younger sister. READ MORE: Fergie has 'weird' food preferences - but has taken interest in baking  That isn't the only special detail about the Prince and Princess of Wales' only daughter. Charlotte's full name is Charlotte Elizabeth Diana – a tribute to her great-grandmother the late Queen and also William's late mother, Princess Diana. But it is the nod to Pippa that is perhaps the sweetest tribute in Charlotte's name, as the two have a close aunt and niece relationship. Pippa married hedge fund manager James Matthews in Berkshire in May 2017. Her nephew Prince George, then aged three, and her niece Princess Charlotte, then aged two, were given starring roles as pageboy and flower girl at the wedding.   The Princess of Wales helped to usher the young bridal party into the church on the day. Pippa and James welcomed their first child Arthur Matthews in October 2018, a daughter Grace in 2021, and another daughter Rose in 2022. The family of five lived in a £17million property in London, before moving to Berkshire last year. Now, Pippa's family live very close to Kate and William's family of five in Adelaide Cottage. READ MORE: James Middleton's body language 'desires for privacy' with wife Alizee  Therefore, Pippa and Charlotte can spend much more quality time together, as well as the children's grandparents, Michael and Carole Middleton who also live in the county. Before Kate became a member of the Royal Family, she and Pippa shared a flat together on Old Church Street in Chelsea, London. Michael and Carole bought the three-storey property for the sisters for £780,000 back in 2002 and put it up for sale for £1.95million in 2018, but it sold for £1.88million in September 2019. When Kate married Prince William in April 2011, Pippa was her sister's maid of honour and looked stunning in a cowl-neck satin bridesmaid dress designed by Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen, that matched the royal bride's dress.   Charlotte has also made news for her love of being a Princess, with a source telling Us Weekly in 2020: "Charlotte knows she's a Princess and already has a toy tiara, which she loves wearing. "She feels so grown up now that she's five," the source explained at the time. "She likes to pick out her own outfits with Kate's help, and if she doesn’t like a dress she’s wearing, she makes her feelings known. "She doesn’t feel intimidated in front of crowds of people unlike most kids her age." 