Chelsea are reportedly lining up a move for Brighton wantaway star Leandro Trossard, much to the disappointment of Arsenal. Mikel Arteta’s side have already seen Mykhaylo Mudryk head to Stamford Bridge after weeks of pursuing the forward, and they will not want to miss out on another transfer target to their London rivals. The Gunners are keen to bolster their forward ranks this month, with striker Gabriel Jesus currently sidelined after sustaining an injury at the Qatar World Cup. Eddie Nketiah has stepped up in the absence of the Brazilian, with Gabriel Martinelli also another option through the middle. However, despite that, Arteta still feels his side lacks depth in the final third and has made it no secret to the higher powers at the Emirates Stadium. Missing out on signing talented prospect Mudryk is a hammer blow to Arsenal, and they could become further embarrassed by Chelsea this month. According to the Daily Mail, the Blues are set to step up their pursuit of Trossard in the coming weeks, after his public fallout at Brighton led to his representatives calling for a transfer last week. The move would be ‘part of a double swoop’ which includes midfielder Moises Caicedo, who has quickly become a priority signing for Chelsea after refusing to meet Enzo Fernandez’s release clause with Benfica. According to The Independent, Arsenal have been offered the chance to sign Trossard over the coming weeks, though are aware that Brighton will not sell the 28-year-old on the cheap and are happy to re-integrate him back into the squad until the summer. The Gunners are mulling over the forward, with other options also being considered, though time may be of the essence with Chelsea plotting further spending. Graham Potter has strengthened his forward line considerably already this month, with Mudryk and Joao Felix joining his ranks, though does not appear content with his options. Having already seen numerous key members of staff leave in favour of joining the Blues over the past year, including Potter, Brighton are not expected to roll over in negotiations for Trossard and Caicedo. The Seagulls are tough negotiators – as Arsenal will know from their talks to sign Ben White in 2021 – and will only allow players to depart if their internal valuations are met. The Gunners will know, if they do enter a bidding war for Trossard, losing out on him to Chelsea would be another blow. However, it remains to be seen whether Arteta has other players that he is more interested in signing over the coming weeks. Raphinha and Dusan Vlahovic have also been mentioned as targets for Arsenal, though Trossard would likely cost significantly less than those two.