Katie's suffering began before arriving at the airport, as she revealed she had to deal with a medical incident the day before. She captioned the picture of her eye looking bloodshot, telling followers: "The day before my flight, blood vessels burst in my bad eye. "Luckily I was able to fly and I'm fine, it was more mentally caused me stress and anxiety.” On boarding her flight, problems began to go from bad to worse, as she discovered her prized possessions were missing. She posted several stories, one directly from the aircraft: "After 10 hour flight I landed in Atlanta to find out my luggage had been lost/stolen. “I stayed in the airport for hours trying to locate it but it was a lost cause. READ MORE:Tony Christie shares first signs of heartbreaking dementia battle "I'm now on my next flight heading to Houston with one pair of pants, a new toothbrush from the airport and the same outfit I was in yesterday. "Had a bit of a secret cry in the toilet and felt better!" Things initially started looking up for the star, who managed to find shops in Texas so she could stock up on essentials. She then recorded a short video clip for her fans as she touched down: "I have just landed in Houston, 14 hours of travel completed. "I am absolutely praying the one remaining suitcase I have on this trip is at baggage claim. “Please pray for me and send positive thoughts." She eventually needed to buy some new clothes and hit the shops to replace items. "Yay found a @zara. Now own more than one outfit for 10 days of filming. DONT MISS:Lord Alan Sugar blasts 'exploitative' employees working from homeBBC Breakfast's Nina Warhurst defends guest Emily Atack post interviewJames May slams Jeremy Clarkson's 'creepy' Meghan Markle comments "Suitcase hasn't been found but I am holding onto hope that it might be in the next few days, "Livid that my Prince Harry book, favourite tripod and vitamins were in the lost case also." However, this continued on a negative trajectory upon Katie reaching the hotel. She struggled to work off her worries in the gym, as she took to Instagram to mourn her lost belongings. Taking to her story to post a snap of her new sneakers, she exclaimed: "In the worst trainers for exercise but my gym trainers were in the stolen case!" Although she was greeted with a lovely fruit bowl as a "welcome package" in her room, she was soon disappointed. Posting a picture of a mould-covered strawberry she told fans: "Yup you guessed it. I ate 3 before I started to feel like the taste and texture were off."