Brighton star Moises Caicedo has revealed that he believes he can help his side qualify for the Europa League this season, despite interest from other Premier League outfits. The midfielder is attracting plenty of interest this month but seems in no rush to depart. Caicedo has been central to the Seagulls’ success so far this season, with his dominant performances in the centre of the park helping the south coast side to eighth in the Premier League, just one point below Liverpool in sixth. The Ecuador international has caught the eye since bursting onto the scene last season, capturing the attention of Manchester United and Liverpool amongst others. Newcastle are also in the market for midfield reinforcements and reportedly keeping tabs on his situation. But interested parties may now reconsider whether pursuing the 21-year-old is a waste of valuable time this month given how happy he seems at Brighton. Speaking to their club website, Caicedo heaped the praise on manager Roberto De Zerbi, saying: “I very much like the way he sets us up, I like to have a lot of touches of the ball and he likes to pass through the central midfielders. If I can get 100 touches I will because I like the ball to go through my feet. “Personally, I feel confident all the time, more so now after the World Cup. I’ve gained a lot more experience and that’s making me a player with a big profile. I’m enjoying every training session and every match.” Caicedo then hinted that he expects to remain with Brighton for the remainder of the campaign, speaking about the aspirations he has with the club. He continued: “The team is improving every day with every game. “You could see clearly at Southampton (3-1 win) that we are more solid and that is very important because in every stadium we visit we are going to try to take the three points. We are having a great season with this coach and I am sure we are going to stay up there in the table. “We are training very well, are very focused on every match and I’m sure we will take Brighton to a qualification place for the Europa League.” It remains to be seen whether any clubs attempt to test the resolve of Brighton before the end of the month, with numerous teams shopping in the same market for midfielders. Graham Potter is a massive fan of the midfielder following their time together with the Seagulls and could push to pursue the talented prospect now that talks with Enzo Fernandez of Benfica have collapsed.