Tommy Fury has addressed baseless 'fight-fixing' rumours aimed at Jake Paul. Paul previously called the rumours "pathetic" and now Fury has insisted there's nothing in his contract for him to 'take a dive' when the pair finally fight later this year. American YouTube star Paul has dismissed rumours that his fights have been rigged in the past and there is no evidence of that being the case. Fury vs Paul is reportedly signed and agreed for February 25 in Saudi Arabia although an announcement is yet to be made. This will be the third time that both men have attempted to square off after cancellations to previously proposed fight dates in December 2021 and August 2022. During a recent interview with Rob Moore, Fury sat down and discussed the grudge match including the various baseless rumours surrounding Paul’s opponents throwing fights. When asked whether he had caught wind of this being the case, Tyson Fury’s brother said: “I don’t know. I’m not there on negotiations [for other fighters]. I don’t see the contract. “I don’t know. But there’s nothing in my contract for the two previous fights that were scheduled. There was nothing like that. You couldn’t pay me a trillion pounds to take a dive. Money’s not my god. Money’s nice – it makes the world go round, but it’s not everything.” These rumours have been floated around by combat sports stars Dillon Danis and Paddy Pimblett, who both have had run-ins with Paul in the past. Taking to Twitter last month, without providing any evidence, Danis wrote: “Jake Paul is such a little b**** no one respects you cause every fight you had was rigged. @jakepaul. MORE BOXING NEWS... 15-year-old boxer dies from brain injuries suffered in car crash Chalmers promises to 'smoke' KSI after sly dig at Mayweather bout Fury explains Hague is reason for him taking Paul fight Paul has flat-out rejected the rumours and branded such theories as ‘pathetic’ and ‘stupid’. Meanwhile, Pimblett levelled similar comments. “Jake Paul is actually not that bad now, even though I think his fights are fixed,” he told Pub Talk. “I don’t think the Tyron Woodley knockout was fixed because when you get knocked out like that and you land face first, if you’re not unconscious you’re going [puts arms out]. You can’t help it that’s a human reaction. But I have seen an angle of a punch he hit Anderson Silva with the other day when he sat down, and he didn’t even hit him.” 