Meghan Markle and Prince Harry quit the Royal Family "in a huff" despite there being several precedents they could have followed to become non-working members of the institution. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex said in the statement announcing their departure from the Royal Family they would continue to be available to serve part-time but were later rebuked by the late Queen. US reporter Megyn Kelly argued the couple could have still remained close to the institution by following in the footsteps of other members of the family who do not hold official roles. Ms Kelly told The Megyn Kelly Show: "There was obviously a way for them to leave their royal roles and stay in England and continue serving the people of England. "There are plenty of royals who are not working royals. They chose to leave in a huff because they wanted the attention because they are brats because they wanted $100 million from Netflix and telling their story. "That's actually what happened here. It's not about, 'oh, we tried to resolve it privately but we couldn't so we had no choice but to bring these matters out.' "Bulls**t – they wanted the money. They were filming that Netflix thing for months, well before Megxit, so the whole thing is based on a lie. And now we all just help him continue with his whine-a-ton." JUST IN: King Charles ‘laughed off’ accident after worker bumped into him on a Christmas outing Most grandchildren of the late Queen do not work on behalf of the Crown but are still included in public family events. Both of Princess Anne's children, Peter Phillips and Zara Tindall, did not take up the offer to adopt the HRH style and have built up private careers over the years. Mr Phillips worked in a series of positions at private organisations and is currently a managing editor for the boutique sports management company SEL UK. Ms Tindall is an Olympic-winning equestrian who partnered up with Rolex for an ad campaign and launched her own jewellery collection in 2015. Her husband Mike Tindall, who won 75 caps for England's national rugby union team, appeared on the latest edition of I'm a Celebrity...Get me out of Here. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry urged to ditch anger and self-pity after 'propaganda' of new Netflix show  Prince Harry's other cousins, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie, also do not work on behalf of the Royal Family but still hold HRH styles. Princess Beatrice is the vice president of Partnerships and Strategy at tech company Afiniti. Whilst she does not carry out official duties, she was made a Counsellor of State following the accession of her uncle, King Charles III, to the throne in September 2022. Beatrice was included in the list of counsellors because Prince Harry lives abroad and her father, Prince Andrew, stood down from all his roles in 2019. In her new role, the eldest daughter of the Duke of York will be able to represent the King in the event of illness or his absence. DON'T MISS:Prince Andrew sells luxury Verbier ski chalet for £19million [INSIDE PROPERTY]Lidl recalls popular product due to possible contamination [LATEST]'Most awkward moment' for the Royal Family caught on camera [EXCLUSIVE] Princess Eugenie worked for the art gallery Hauser & Wirth as a managing director in London before moving to Portugal with her husband Jack Brooksbank and their son August earlier this year. Eugenie also privately works with several charities, including Anti-Slavery Internation and Children in Crisis. Prince Harry's youngest cousins, Lady Louise Windsor and James, the Viscount Severn do not hold HRH styles at the moment as their parents, Prince Edward and Sophie, the Countess of Wessex and Forfar, said they wanted their children to have a normal childhood without the pressure of public attention. When they stepped down from their roles, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex cited a desire to become financially independent. The couple have since struck a series of multi-million production deals with streaming platforms Netflix and Spotify.