Britney Spears, 41, seemingly reacted to rumours she recently had a “manic episode” in public as she flipped off the camera in a new social media video. The pop star took to Instagram on Saturday to share an update with her 41.6 million followers after reports claimed she was seen having a "meltdown" while out dining with her husband Sam Asghari, 28, in Los Angeles. In the clip, Britney can be seen dancing in front of the camera and striking a series of poses before showing her middle finger and forming a heart shape with her hands. The Toxic singer spun around and gave the camera a fierce look while modelling her white sleeveless minidress and matching heeled knee-high boots. Britney, who flaunted her natural wavy hair, was listening to the song I Touch Myself by Divinyls while filming the explicit video. The video comes after the music star was reportedly spotted arriving at Joey for dinner in the Woodland Hills area, along with her husband and their bodyguard. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan friendship with Hollywood A-listers at 'risk' 1721498 Britney was allegedly shaken when restaurant patrons whipped out their cell phones and began snapping unwarranted photos and videos of her. Footage obtained by TMZ shows Britney trying to cover her face with a menu in a bid to stop people from taking photos of her. Eyewitnesses claim the Grammy winner became increasingly upset and began “yelling” and speaking in gibberish, which prompted her spouse to storm out. The former Disney star reportedly left the venue a few moments later with her bodyguard, who returned to pay the bill. The star has spoken openly about her diagnosis of bipolar disorder, a mental health condition that involves significantly high and low moods. It is described by the NHS as being: “Highs are periods of mania or hypomania, while lows are periods of depression. The changes in mood may also become mixed, so you might feel elated and depressed at the same time.” Britney also claimed that during her 13-year conservatorship in which her father, Jamie Spears, had control over much of her personal and professional life. This included her being “forced” to take medication “against her will”. Over the past few weeks, fans became increasingly concerned for Britney’s welfare when they began to notice inconsistencies in her Instagram. DON'T MISS...Ruth Langsford reacts as Rylan-Clark uses Eamon Holmes' stairlift [LATEST]Liz Hurley, 57, struggles to contain assets as they spill out of dress [PICTURES]Holly Willoughby’s Dancing on Ice dress slammed 'It's a family show' [TV] Some even speculated that she may have disappeared or been in danger. The rumours began when Britney kept posting old content or random images. They grew more intense when the 41-year-old shared that she would be visiting New York City, but there were no paparazzi photos of her trip to the Big Apple. However, according to TMZ, Britney lied about her NYC trip for her privacy’s sake. Britney recently opened up about her experiences during her conservatorship in a video that was posted on her fan forum exhale.breatheheavy.com. “I am here honestly just to open up to others and try to shed light on whether anyone has ever been through difficulties,” Britney stated. “Honestly, I haven't shared this openly either because I've always been afraid of judgment. "Definitely the embarrassment of the whole period and scepticism and cynical people.”