With the cost of living squeezing pockets further this year, many are looking for ways to make their money go a little further. For some, this has meant cutting their expenses and only buying what is needed. Vouchers and coupons can help make money stretch, but how can people find them? While cutting back is a great way to save money, shopping expert Jack Baker from Next Day Delivery has shared some insight into the best ways people can find discount codes for their most-wanted items - while still saving money. People can also check the source code of a website to see if there are embedded discounts in the website code. Mr Baker explained: When you're on the checkout part of the website, if there is a box to enter a discount code this is where you should inspect the source code of the site. To do this right click on the page and then select ‘inspect’.” According to Mr Baker, this will bring up the code of a website. From here, he said to press CTRL + F, which will bring up the search feature where people can search the code for discounts. Mr Baker continued: "This method doesn't always work and can be a bit difficult for some to do, but if you can do it you can find some real bargains. When you are searching the code for coupons try searching common naming patterns like Save10 or 10Off."  READ MORE: Nationwide Start to Save Issue 2 is offering a 5% interest rate  "If you manage to find a coupon you can enter it in the coupon field on the site. A 30-second search could save you hundreds and make your money last a little longer." Nearly every website will have a section where you can input a voucher or discount code to save money on your order. Inputting a few letters such as "SAVE20" or "10Off" when at the checkout could save you 10-20 percent instantly, but finding working coupons can be a challenge. Mr Baker said that while coupons can be seen as “free money”, most stores will have a limited amount of them that can be used and after that quota is met, the coupon is then useless. But, he said: “Finding a reliable coupon website could save you thousands this year.” Mr Baker explained: "No coupon site is perfect, and certain coupons will only work on some products too, so make sure you have hit the coupon criteria before thinking a code doesn't work."  DON'T MISS:Three in five Brits worry they won't have enough money for the year [ANALYSIS]'I'm a savvy shopper and I have saved £139.68 on my phone bill' [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis suggests when your energy bills will come down [EXPLAINED]    "Once you have found a reliable coupon website, add it to a bookmark folder on your computer so you can revisit it every time you shop online. Constantly add to the folder with good sites so you have a place to come every time you shop to cut down your expenses." For those who don't have time to check for coupon codes, a browser extension could be a good alternative. Mr Baker said: “If you don't use Chrome or Safari to use the internet, now is a good time to switch. The Chrome and Safari internet browsers allow you to install "plugins" known as extensions.” Installing a browser extension can automatically run a search to find coupon codes for the websites in question, helping shoppers save time and money at the checkout.  Mr Baker said: “To find a coupon extension go to the Chrome store or your browser equivalent and search for 'coupons' and pick one that has good reviews. Try a few of them out as different extensions will find different money-saving codes for you as you shop."  READ MORE: 'Anyone can do it': Money saving expert shares ways to get freebies  Another quick and simple way to save money when shopping online is to look for the brand name plus the word vouchers, coupons or free delivery on Google. However, Mr Baker warned: "When using Google to search for discount codes for your favourite retailer be careful that you only use a website that looks legitimate. “Sometimes scammers will create pages on their website to target these types of searches and will then infect your computer when you click on them." For those who aren’t in a rush for their items, Mr Baker said people could “get a little extra off” by adding them to a shopping cart, filling out the email address and then abandoning the cart. He explained: “Some online websites will have an email sequence that is used to try and win you back as a customer and to do this they often offer money off to entice you to buy the items you have added to the basket." He said another version of this is to add items to a shopping basket and then move the mouse to the close button on the browser. Mr Baker said: "Some websites detect this and a popup will show with a discount code to keep you on-site.” Most coupons and offers will have a limited number of uses before they will no longer work. However, to boost the chance of being able to successfully these vouchers, people could set up an email account where they can get offers directly sent to them. Mr Baker said: “Set up an email address with your favourite email provider and only use this when signing up for newsletters for your favourite sites. As a bonus for signing up most websites will send you an introductory offer for 10 percent off too.”  Mr Baker said: “If all else has failed, simply ask for money off and you will be surprised how many times you will save money. Many websites will have a live chat feature on their website so use it and ask the agent if they have any offers or discounts available.” People who pay for an item monthly can also use the live chat feature to get the same service for cheaper, according to Mr Baker. He said: “The cost of living has meant that many of us are trying to cut back on our expenses so explaining this to the live chat agents will often prompt them to offer a discount. "Most businesses would rather keep you as a customer than lose you so try your luck. If they don't offer you a discount you can always cancel the service and then look for introductory offers elsewhere for the same service, either way, you will save money." 