Arsenal icon Tony Adams has shared his theory over a sequence that he believes ensures that the Gunners will lift the Premier League title at the end of the season. Mikel Arteta’s outfit moved eight points clear at the top of the table following their 0-0 draw at home to Newcastle on Tuesday evening, though Pep Guardiola’s side do have a game in hand on the league leaders. No side has ever been seven points or more ahead of second place on New Year’s Day and not won the title, though this season has the added complexity of a World Cup wedged in the middle, and fewer league games have been played at this point than any other prior season. However, the Gunners have impressed so far this campaign and have lost just one game in the competition - a 3-1 defeat away to Manchester United in September - and have been good value for their lead. Arsenal could lift their first title for 19 years, after the invincibles won in 2003/04, and the former captain believes the span of years between each victory is a positive omen for the Gunners. “I’m very excited,” Adams told the Seaman Says podcast. “It used to be the 18-year gap all the time didn’t it? 1953, 1971, 1989, but it’s 19 years with this one from 2004, so it’s a year overdue. READ MORE: Man Utd owners the Glazers may make U-turn and allow bonus signing “But I am putting lockdown down as nicking a year, so there is a sequence here, so it’s got to be ours, it’s going to be ours. 2004 wasn’t it all the way to 2023, but with the lockdown that’s 18 years.” Adams’ theory provided his ex-Arsenal team-mate David Seaman with a chuckle, as the duo had been impressed with the young squad this season. Adams added that he does worry over the lack of experience and depth in the squad, but Eddie Nketiah replaced Gabriel Jesus ably and the club are hoping to add further attacking options in the transfer window this month with the signing of Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk. DON'T MISSLiverpool discover fee needed for Dortmund to sell Bellingham in JanuaryTottenham 'meddling' in Leicester transfer with bid 'to change everything'Man Utd have obvious mega deal to go after as Chelsea open the door Arteta called for title ambitions to be “realistic” ahead of the Newcastle clash, though admitted that he is struggling to stop fans from getting excited about the prospect of finishing on top in May. “It’s not about stopping anybody; it’s about being realistic where we are,” the Spaniard said. “The way we are performing, obviously it’s impressive and we are really happy with that. But, as well, we set the objectives in the short term and what we want to improve and what is making us win that many football matches.” Arsenal fans will be hoping that if they are crowned champions this year, they won’t have to endure another long wait until 2041 for their next title.