Only 11 percent would back themselves to change a radiator, while sorting out a fuse is doable for just 42 percent. And only 41 percent are confident they could turn off the water at home – with just 54 percent believing they are capable of changing a light bulb. It also emerged four in ten get scared of DIY jobs that involve gas in any way, and 38 percent fear mains electricity. But three in ten (29 percent) didn’t know they could end up being left out of pocket because appliances are not as efficient as they should be. Sunny Solanky, a service and repair engineer at British Gas, which commissioned the research, said: “There are lots of common faults around the house that are quite easy to nip in the bud before they become bigger issues – not to mention making sure everything is running properly, without using more energy than it needs. “Intervention is often cheaper than replacement – but while the research findings suggest Brits could do a bit of upskilling when it comes to basic DIY, it’s important not to overestimate your own ability, especially when gas and electricity are involved.” The study also found 37 percent have tried to take on a home maintenance or DIY job, only to get it completely wrong. And in the last 12 months alone, this has happened to these people an average of three times each. But one in five have had something in their home go seriously wrong – like a boiler breaking – because they ignored a smaller issue for too long. And half of those who are confident in their DIY skills admitted to putting off jobs they know they can do themselves. For 45 percent, a lack of time stops them getting around to these tasks, even if they know they should – while 43 percent cite a lack of funds for supplies. But 37 percent simply don’t enjoy doing the tasks, according to the OnePoll research. However, almost half (49 percent) want to get better at looking after their homes themselves in 2023. This is despite 39 percent confessing that, in general, they’re not particularly good at sticking to their new year’s resolutions. Sunny Solanky added: “Doing odd jobs and getting stuck into home repairs can actually be really satisfying – especially if you know what you’re doing. “If there is a job you’re nervous about, ask yourself if you’re the right person for it – especially if it involves gas, running water, or electricity. “If you’re not, don’t put it off – just bring in an expert to help.”