A seven-year-old girl is fighting for her life after being injured in a shooting near a church in central London. The incident happened close to St Aloysius R.C. Church in Phoenix Road, in Euston, just before 1.30pm on Saturday, where a funeral was taking place. Police and ambulance crew rushed to the scene after being alerted by the public.  Police said the girl was taken to a central London hospital where she remains in a life threatening condition. Three women, aged 54, 48 and 41 along with a 12-year-old girl also received injuries. The Met police said the 48-year-old has suffered potentially life changing injuries, while the condition of the other two adults is said to be not life-threatening. The twelve-year-old suffered a minor leg injury and has since been discharged from hospital. The victims were attending the funeral service of Fresia Calderon, 50, and her daughter, Sara Sanchez, 20, who died within a month of each other in November. Witneses told MyLondon the group was fired upon as they went outside to watch the flying of doves after the service. A dark coloured car pulled up outside the church and "started shooting bullets". One said: "It was chaos. It was horrible. "No one knew if it was a bomb or gunman. We were looking for places to hide."  "We all just snuggled into corners where we could. We left after about 10 minutes, I did not dare [leave before]. It was not nice." In a statement posted to Met Police website, Superintendent Ed Wells said: “Any shooting incident is unacceptable, but for multiple people, including two children, to be injured in a shooting in the middle of a Saturday afternoon is shocking. “Our thoughts are with all the victims, but in particular with the seven-year-old girl who is in a life threatening condition and with her family. “An investigation into this dreadful attack is already well under way involving local officers and specialist detectives. READ MORE: Air New Zealand dismantles Prince Harry's book claim  "I can assure the communities of Camden and beyond that we will do everything we possibly can to identify and bring to justice those who were responsible. “Local residents can expect to see an increased visible police presence in the area through the weekend and into the days ahead as we progress this investigation. “I would urge anyone with information to come forward, either to the police or anonymously, to Crimestoppers.” DON'T MISS Hackney blaze leaves man dead two days after rescue [NEWS]Romford machete fight leaves man in hospital  [SPOTLIGHT]Conte pours pressure on Arsenal as Spurs boss talks up title chances [REVEAL]  Anyone who witnessed the incident or who has information about what took place should call 101, giving the reference 3357/14JAN. Information can also be provided to Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.