Brazil international Dani Alves as been arrested by police in Barcelona on Friday morning for allegedly sexually assaulting a woman in a nightclub. A spokesperson on behalf of the former Barcelona player said he “vehemently denies” the allegation. Alves was arrested at the Mossos d'Esquadra de Les Corts police station in Barcelona on Friday at 10am local time. Spanish radio station Cadena Ser reported the footballer was taken to the Ciutat de la Justicia in Barcelona, where he will go to court and the judge will decide on his provisional situation while the case is being investigated.      According to the Mirror Catalonia’s Supreme Court confirmed that it has opened proceedings "for an alleged crime of sexual assault as a result of the complaint filed by a woman for events that allegedly occurred in a nightclub in Barcelona last month." A spokesman for the regional Mossos D’Esquadra confirmed: “A man accused of an indecent assault at a nightclub in Barcelona late last year has been arrested. He has now been taken to court after making a statement to police. It will be up to the court now to decide what measures to take.” A woman claimed to Spanish media, two days after the alleged incident, that the footballer had reached underneath her underwear without consent while in the Sutton nightclub in the city at the end of December. In an interview earlier this month, Alves told Spanish TV channel Antena 3 that he was at the nightclub with friends but denied the assault claims. "I was dancing and having a good time without invading anyone's space," he said. "I don't know who this lady is. How could I do that to a woman? No." At 39-years-old Alves was a surprise call-up for the Brazil squad at this year's World Cup in Qatar where his side made it to the quarter finals before losing to Croatia on penalties. In 2021 there were rumours Alves may move to the Premier League but he is now wth Mexican UNAM on a contract for the remainder of the calendar year, The veteran right-back has been capped 126 times for the Brazil national team and has won four trophies with the nation – two Copa America crowns and two Confederation Cup titles. Barca did not extend the short-term contract of Alves after he joined the club in November 2021 on a short-term deal for the remainder of the campaign. He was the first signing of Xavi Hernandez at the Camp Nou last season but did not have his short-term deal at the Camp Nou renewed, despite making 17 domestic appearances in the run-in of the campaign, the Mirror reports