The Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s Netflix docuseries ‘Harry and Meghan’ was released in December and was the last time Meghan’s voice has been heard in the public sphere. The Duchess’ last public appearance was in New York when she and Harry accepted the Ripple of Hope award for their battle against structural racism. Since then, the release of Prince Harry’s bombshell autobiography has seen the father-of-two give a number of explosive interviews about his family. Meanwhile, Meghan has ensured that she has kept a low-profile by focusing on her private family life in California. It has been claimed by HELLO! that the Duchess has chosen to focus on her two children, Archie and Lilibet. READ MORE: Prince Harry was 'brought up better' and should remember Diana Speaking to Oprah in 2021, Meghan said: “I’ve been a waitress, an actress, a Duchess… and the most important title I’ll ever have is a mom”. According to The Telegraph, sources have suggested that Meghan may have “raised gentle concerns” about her husband’s book and was slightly “more wary” than Harry about its publication. A source said: “Is this the way she would have approached things? Possible not. “But she will always back him and would never have got involved in promoting such a personal project.  “This was about his own life, his own journey and his own perspective.” GB News host Dan Wootton claimed that Meghan’s retreat into privacy was “absolutely fascinating”. He added that this was a clear sign of the Duchess “distancing herself from all of the collateral PR damage” from the book. Public attention has now turned to if Harry and Meghan will attend King Charles’ Coronation in London in May. DON'T MISS:Primary school children ‘need play time’ not homework – YOUR VERDICT (POLL)Prince Andrew should not use HRH title ‘ever again’  (INSIGHT)Nearly half of Brits have no idea how to properly look after their gut (REVEAL) The pair have reportedly been invited by the Palace but it is uncertain if they will accept the invitation. When speaking to ITV’s Tom Bradby, the Prince admitted that he himself did not know if he and his wife would attend the historic day which will see his father and stepmother crowned in Westminster Abbey. He said: “There’s a lot that can happen between now and then. But the door is always open. The ball is in their court.”