Orchids are a popular houseplant in the UK thanks to their stunning appearance. A single spike can produce many beautiful blooms which are available in a variety of different colours. In order for them to thrive, owners must take care of them carefully though, including placing them in a position where they can thrive. Speaking to Express.co.uk, plant experts at Baby Bio®, said: “Like all plants, sunlight is essential to allow your orchid to convert light into energy, and in turn produce an orchid’s beautiful blooms. “Most orchids thrive in bright but indirect sunlight, so east or west-facing windowsills are ideal for most of the year. “In the winter, however, you might want to move it to a south-facing window, as there is less natural light available. “Some varieties do prefer full sun, such as Vanda orchids, so ensure you always check your plants requirements before choosing its home.” READ MORE: I banished horrid smells from my washing machine using 50p item A huge mistake made by owners during the summer months includes placing an orchid in direct sunlight which will scorch its leaves. Just as orchids don't like drafts, they don't like being blasted with hot air either, so it is important to keep them away from high temperatures. This means placing them away from heat sources such as radiators or open fires. Despite being tropical plants, which love warm climates, they can die when left in hot environments. The orchid experts added: “Watering your orchid correctly is vital to keeping it happy and healthy. DON'T MISS:‘Best’ methods to remove candle wax from five materials in the home [EXPLAINER]Patio expert shares best method to clean paving slabs [COMMENT]I removed stubborn brown mug stains in two minutes - here’s how [PICTURES] “Orchids are susceptible to root rot, so it will eventually die if it’s allowed to sit in wet potting mix. Likewise, roots may shrivel and dry out if conditions are too dry. “In winter, watering once every ten days is usually enough to keep it thriving, but it’s always best to check the dampness of the compost before watering to ensure you aren’t overwatering it. “Ideally, you’ll want to water it when the potting mix is almost dry, but not completely dry. “During the winter months, you can also mist your orchid lightly to increase humidity as central heating can cause dry air in homes, but be careful you don’t soak the leaves or leave them damp as this can lead to mould, fungus, and leaf rot.” READ MORE: Methods to stay warm in winter with strategic furniture placement It is important not to give your orchid too much water, so looking out for signs that it is ready for more is ideal. According to the pros, if the roots appear soft and brown, this is a sign that they have been sat in water and not been able to effectively drain, causing root rot. If they appear dry and shrivelled, this could indicate that they haven’t had enough water over a period of time. The experts said healthy roots will appear firm, plump and white. They added: “Another easy way to tell is by inspecting the leaves – limp or yellow leaves is often a sign of overwatering, while wilted or wrinkled leaves suggests the orchid needs more water. “Tap water can be used to water an orchid, however the key is in the temperature of that water. Moth orchids are native to areas in southeast Asia, and are therefore acclimatised to warm, tropical rains. “We recommend traditional watering from above using tepid water, as opposed to using ice cubes or cold tap water, as cold temperatures can shock the roots and prevent healthy growth. “If your orchid is potted in a grow pot, you can also water by filling the outer container with tepid water so that the whole compost in the pot is covered.” Leave it to stand in the water for around an hour before draining off the water. Allow it to drain for another hour to avoid it sitting in water, then place it back in its pot.