Manchester United apparently have reservations over paying Alejandro Garnacho £40,000-a-week. However, while that’s the case, the Red Devils are leaning towards coughing up the cash. And, ahead of Sunday’s match with Arsenal, that would certainly be the best decision the club can make when it comes to their teenage talent. Garnacho has enjoyed a stunning rise to prominence at United, having made his debut under Ralf Rangnick towards the end of last season. The youngster has managed three goal involvements from eight Premier League appearances so far, winning the trust of Erik ten Hag in the process. And, behind the scenes, United are hoping to tie Garnacho down to a new contract. According to The Mirror, there are reservations over whether to pay the youngster the £40,000-a-week his camp are demanding. But United are ‘edging closer’ to an agreement and, at the current moment in time, they can’t afford to lose the forward. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Garnacho was signed by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer back in the summer transfer window of 2020 because the Norwegian saw vast potential in the player. And he’s been proven right, with the 18-year-old advanced beyond his years - as his performances this season have shown. United previously lost a bright academy star in Paul Pogba, back when Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost. And they can’t afford a repeat with Garnacho, who is attracting interest from the likes of Juventus and Real Madrid. With United making progress on a deal for the Argentine, that certainly represents a major boost for Ten Hag and his side. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Garnacho is already well ahead of Jadon Sancho in the pecking order amid the England international’s alarming dip in form this term. And there’s also a sense that he’d be a better option in attack than Antony, whose inconsistent decision-making riles fans. Garnacho did have teething problems under Ten Hag at the beginning of the season. The youngster angered his manager by turning up late for two team meetings on their pre-season tour of Australia and Thailand. Ten Hag also had to reprimand Garnacho for some lazy habits in training, too. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But rather than sulk, as other players have done over the years, the teenager has knuckled down. Behind the scenes at United, they believe there’s no ceiling when it comes to the forward’s talent and potential. And while giving Garnacho the money he wants carries some element of risk, the positives of keeping him far outweigh any negatives. Speaking recently, meanwhile, Ten Hag was full of praise for Garnacho - praising the impact he’s made at the club so far. “He has a skill that I don’t see many players in the Premier League having — he beats players one on one,” said the 52-year-old. “He’s learnt in the last months about how to play in a team, how to live, how to do the right things in the week, how to have the right attitude on the training ground and you see how he’s acting as a team player and with his individual skills that can make the difference. "Also for him, it’s to keep going in the process. It’s not done. “There is a lot to come. There is a lot of room for improvement with him but he can help, he can contribute on the highest level already and I’m really happy. “It’s a bonus for us as a club that you bring in young players and they can come not only into the squad but the team and I think that is a part of our project that has to contribute to our success.”