Petronella Wyatt was asked to share her views on the claims made by Prince Harry in his autobiography Spare and the several interviews he’s conducted to promote the memoir. The friend of the Queen Consort denied the Palace had asked her to comment on the book. Richard asked Petronella her thoughts on King Charles’ reaction to Harry’s words. She replied: “I think there are two points to be made here. “He adores Camilla, will be devastated more so than Camilla because she’ll rise above it all, keep smiling, get on with the job, she never indulges in self pity. Charles adores her and he’ll be deeply hurt.” Petronella referred to previous speculation about Charles’ “red line” when it comes to his son Harry. Read more: Judge Judy calls Prince Harry ‘ungrateful’ and ‘selfish’ in GMB rant She continued: “I believe Charles will forgive him anything.” Susanna questioned the friend of the Queen Consort on the meaning behind this “red line”. “When you say, ‘They say it’s a red line.’ Who says it’s a red line?” Susanna asked. “Well it was said by royal sources that the red line he shouldn’t cross was Camilla, he should not attack Camilla. “But I honestly believe that Charles is a very decent man, will forgive his son anything and has a slightly guilt complex with regards to the way [Harry] has turned out and behaved.” The friend of Camilla revealed she believed Charles “blames himself” for Harry’s behaviour. GMB viewers were unimpressed with the interview and slammed the ITV show for inviting Petronella to share her thoughts on Harry’s memoir. @JulsKnight76 questioned: “Who the hell is this woman?! GMB give it up!” DON'T MISSGMB viewers blast 'pathetic' Prince Harry coverage  [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan's fresh attack on Prince Harry's racism claims  [VIDEO]Harry and Meghan's friend claims 'this is the end of it' for couple [INTERVIEW] @RachaelUnedited agreed: “Why on earth is Petronella Wyatt on @GMB it’s just further gossip mongering and not factual. Let ‘Spare’ speak for itself. #Spare #SparebyPrinceHarry.” (sic) “Who is this person, spilling all the private details on her ‘friend’ Camilla affair and marriage,” @chronicAnn tweeted.” (sic) @MitzyMorgan1 wrote: “This lady needs to be quiet, gossip. Shes saying so many odd things glory hunter stay out of it!! #GMB.” (sic) @PeteCox7 shared: “ Here we go! Yet another ‘royal correspondent’ staying stuff against Harry when all he wants is to be listen too! She admits she hasn’t had any contact with the family of the palace! So she knows nothing! Camilla was in a relation with Charles right from the start!” (sic)  @J22ndo vented: “Get her off!! Never heard so much rubbish!! Trying to make Charles out as the saint! ‘Poor Camilla’?? What about poor Diana.” During an interview with Anderson Cooper for 60 Minutes, Harry accused Camilla of leaking stories to the British press to “rehabilitate her image”. In a later interview, he told Good Morning America: “I love every member of my family, despite the differences, so when I see [Camilla], we’re perfectly pleasant with each other. “She’s my stepmother. I don’t look at her as an evil stepmother. I see someone who married into this institution and has done everything that she can to improve her own reputation and her own image, for her own sake.” Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.