Liverpool are reportedly preparing a ‘double swoop’ for Wolves midfielder Matheus Nunes and Borussia Dortmund star Jude Bellingham this summer, with Jurgen Klopp keen to freshen up his midfield ranks. The Reds have paid the price for their lack of summer investment so far this season, with the club attempting to keep their business concise. Klopp’s side are currently ninth in the Premier League and struggling for form, with their performances lacking the conviction that saw them take the league by storm previously. Liverpool have struggled with injuries throughout the campaign so far, though many do not feel that their busy medical room excuses the half of the season. The Reds are 19 points behind league leaders Arsenal and their chances of lifting the trophy are incredibly slim. At this stage, Liverpool’s sole hopes of success lies in winning the FA Cup or Champions League, though finishing in the top four is likely to be the priority given that it could play a significant role in their recruitment over the summer. According to the Daily Mail, the Merseysiders are hoping to sign both Nunes and Bellingham at the end of the season as part of their major rebuild. Dortmund are ‘confident’ that they can retain the services of the latter, though European giants are circling. The 19-year-old is expected to cost Liverpool over £100million, with an enormous offer required to fend off the interest from Real Madrid and Manchester City. However, the Reds aren’t content with just the England international as their only midfield recruit, with Klopp a long-term admirer of Nunes. Reports have speculated previously that Liverpool had agreed in the summer when they had registered an interest in the player, that they would pursue the Portugal international at the end of the season. The former Sporting star has continued to impress Liverpool despite his slow start to life with Wolves and is seen as the ideal partner for Bellingham at Anfield next season. Liverpool are also hoping to retain the services of Roberto Firmino, who is out of contract in Merseyside at the end of the season. The Brazilian is ‘leaning towards’ a two-year with the club, despite growing interest from Europe and Saudi Arabia. The 31-year-old has scored seven goals and assisted three in 13 Premier League appearances so far this season and is seen as a reliable option for Klopp to work with for the upcoming seasons.