Shakira, 45, seemingly took a swipe at her ex-husband, football star Gerard Piqué, following their split back in June last year. The couple, who share sons Milan, 9, and Sasha, 7, announced their separation after Gerard was photographed with his arm around Clara Chia Marti, 23. Now, in a lengthy Instagram post, the She-Wolf singer has reflected upon her “wounds” going into the new year and “knowing her worth” despite the “contempt” she has felt. She wrote: "Although our wounds continue to be open in this new year, time has surgeon's hands. "Even if someone has betrayed us, we have to keep trusting. In the face of contempt, keep valuing yourself. "Because there are more good people than bad people. More empathetic people than indolent people. READ MORE: Dame Judi Dench wows hotel guests with unexpected musical performance "There are fewer who leave and more who stay by our side. "Our tears are not a waste, they water the soil where the future will be born and make us more human, so in the midst of heartbreak we can continue to love.” Last year, Shakira revealed her pain about the break-up in an interview, declaring that writing music has become a "tool for "survival" in "extreme conditions". "In this moment of my life, which is probably one of the most difficult, darkest hours of my life, music has brought light," she explained. "I think that writing music is like going to the shrink, only cheaper... it helps me to heal." She added sadly: "I put everything I had into this relationship and my family." Shakira explained at the time that "private details" of her break-up were too "raw" to share. However, she has been more open about the therapy she has been administering to herself ever since. DON'T MISSStacey Dooley details ‘chaotic’ day she found out she was pregnant [LATEST]Jeremy Renner in 'critical but stable condition' after hospital dash [NEWS]Rod Stewart, Penny Lancaster and the Beckhams celebrate New Year's Day [INSIGHT] "I think [music is] the best medicine, and along with the love of my family and my kids that sustains me, music and writing music is definitely one of those tools. "It's one of the few tools I have for survival in extreme conditions," she added to Elle magazine. Shakira revealed that she'd sacrificed time that could have been spent on her career to devote herself to her marriage with Gerard. She told of how she'd given up her "nomadic" lifestyle, which had included constant touring and charity trips helping to build schools in impoverished parts of her native Colombia. When she fell for him back in 2010, she opted to take a step back from her career and move to Barcelona to support his sporting career. She describes this choice as a "sacrifice of love", telling of how she vowed to be present in the lives of the couple's two children. She and Gerard had first hit it off after he appeared in her music video, 'Waka Waka', which was released for the football World Cup in 2010. After the split, the pop star has thrown herself into work, which included judging alongside Nick Jonas on the TV talent show Dancing With Myself.