The Dog House is heading back to Channel 4 for its fourth season following its Christmas special. The series follows the daily goings on at Woodgreen Pets Charity, in Cambridgeshire, as families hope to be matched with a rescue dog. Helen Prestage has worked at the trust for more than a decade and she opened up exclusively with Express.co.uk about one rehoming story which stands out to her.  Helen is part of the rehoming team at Woodgreen Pets Charity and she explained some people still write to her about their rescue experiences. She exclusively told Express.co.uk: "People still write letters and emails to me, especially after the show came out. It’s lovely and they still send pictures." When asked about one particular rescue story which struck a chord with her, Helen explained: "Once we had a Rottweiler come in and he was terrified, he had basically lived feral and he was pacing and circling the kennel constantly day and night. "He was not coping at all with life and we wondered if it was fair to actually rehome him. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford shares Eamonn Holmes bedroom confession "I took him on to foster him and we had to leave the door open, he wasn’t house-trained and he circled the dining room table for days. "I thought, 'This is hopeless, I don’t know where we are going to go from here.' "But we gradually saw some changes and he started to curl up on the sofa when no one was looking and this lovely couple took him on." Within a year his confidence had grown and he was going on group walks with dogs and going to the pub, Helen revealed.  "He was always a nervous and sensitive boy but the couple who adopted him keep in contact with me now," she added. He was rescued by the couple about 12 years ago, so they have been keeping Helen and the team updated for a considerable amount of time. Helen reflected: "That was the first project dog I had and they recently lost him and came back as they want to rehome again. "You don’t often get to see the process from start to finish." DON'T MISS...Heartbreaking photos capture emergency rescue of over 75 dogs [LATEST]The Dog House star issues 'important' rehoming advice to consider [EXCLUSIVE]The Dog House star issues plea about Bella waiting 18 months for home [EXCLUSIVE] The first three seasons of The Dog House were a huge hit with Channel 4 viewers who tuned in each week to see which dogs would find new loving homes. Will the team manage to win over a set of new potential owners for the fourth series? In the first episode of series four, deaf parents Hannah and Craig and their mischievous boys Oliver and Felix meet their match in cheeky cockapoo puppy, Percy. A Patterdale terrier meets a heartbroken golden retriever and it appears to be love at first sight, but will it last?  Speaking about the rehoming process, Helen added: "All dogs require an amount of work and I think it is important to consider your lifestyle and what you can offer a dog as much as what sort of dog you want. "Part of that matching process we do is look at the dog’s needs as well as the people’s and we try and match them to each other. "It’s a lifelong commitment, if you are getting a dog at two or three you could have that dog until it’s 14 or 15 years old." The Dog House season four airs on Channel 4 on Thursday, January 5, at 8pm. 