Prince William "feels abandoned" by Prince Harry, one royal biographer has claimed. Christopher Andersen depicted a bleak image of the status of the relationship between the Duke of Sussex and the Prince of Wales in the wake of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's latest claims and accusations made against the Firm. While King Charles is believed to have offered a number of olive branches to his second son, the author of The King: The Life of Charles III claimed the rift separating the two brothers is now "deeper than ever" when it comes to Prince William. Mr Andersen claimed to Express.co.uk: "Prince William shares his father's sense of dismay and betrayal, and for him pain turned to anger a long time ago. The chasm between the brothers is deeper and wider than ever. "Charles has offered the occasional olive branch to Harry on several occasions since Megxit. "Not so William, who feels abandoned by the one person he felt closest to in the world." Prince Harry and Prince William used to share a strong bond, forged by the shared grief over the untimely loss of their mother, Princess Diana, when they were only young boys. The late Princess of Wales' most famous biographer, Andrew Morton, previously claimed Diana expected her younger son to act as a "wingman" for the future King. He told the Daily Beast: "Like any mother, Diana would have been concerned about the breakdown in the relationship between her children. "She said on Panorama, and she said to me, on numerous occasions, that she saw Harry as a wingman for William, because his job is a lonely job, and you cannot trust many people around you. "She saw Harry as being there to back up his brother, but that’s not how things turned out." Prince Harry and Meghan left the working Royal Family at the end of March 2020. READ MORE: Harry 'in tears' in new moving photo showing Duke embracing veteran Over the past months, they have spoken about their difficult relationship with the media and Buckingham Palace during a number of public appearances - most notably during their two-hour-long chat with Oprah Winfrey aired in March 2021. In December 2022, however, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex delved into their love story and their struggles with the press and the Palace in a six-episode docu-series released by Netflix. The documentary included blistering allegations against the Palace - including claims of briefings against the Sussexes perpetrated also by the office of the Prince of Wales. Seemingly referring to the briefing war between his mother and father in the 1990s, Prince Harry said during fourth episode of the documentary: "William and I both saw what happened in our dad's office… and we made an agreement that we would never let that happen to our office. "I would far rather get destroyed in the Press than play along with this game or this business of trading. "And to see my brother's office copy the very same thing that we promised the two of us would never ever do, that was heartbreaking." The Duke also claimed his name was, unknowingly to him, put on a joint statement issued in January 2020 to quash a story claiming William's bullying had driven the Sussexes out of the Firm. Harry said: "No one had asked me permission to put my name to a statement like that. And I rang M and I told her, and she burst into floods of tears, because within four hours, they were happy to lie to protect my brother, and yet for three years, they were never willing to tell the truth to protect us." The brothers' bond may be further weakened in just days, when Penguin Random House will release Spare, Harry's memoir. While the content of the book remains under wraps, it will likely include accounts by the Duke of his childhood and upbringing that may make it an uncomfortable reading for William. The King: The Life of Charles III by Christopher Andersen is published by Simon and Schuster.