Manchester United captain Harry Maguire will weigh up his future at the club at the end of the season after turning down a loan move to Inter Milan, according to reports. The defender is prepared to wait until the summer to decide whether or not to leave the club, having fallen out of favour under Erik ten Hag, but he is said to be quickly running out of patience. The 29-year-old has started only once in the Premier League this year after losing his place in the side to Lisandro Martinez, the £57m signing from Ajax who has proved to be a huge hit with the club's fanbase. Maguire was recalled to the side for United's 3-1 win over Reading in the FA Cup fourth round, but the centre-back - an £80million world record signing from Leicester City in 2019 - is considering his options. According to the Daily Star, Maguire will make a decision on his future at Old Trafford in the summer once the season has finished, as he wants to see first if he can work his way back into Ten Hag's plans. READ MORE: Man Utd captain Harry Maguire warned his 'time is up' due to Luke Shaw The report says the Dutchman is 'keen' to keep Maguire in his squad as the Red Devils endure one of the longest seasons in Premier League history due to the winter World Cup in Qatar. United are still challenging on all four fronts this season after reaching the semi-finals of the Carabao Cup, last-16 knockout stage of the Europa League and fifth round of the FA Cup. Ten Hag's men also hold a slim hope of challenging for the Premier League title as they are 11 points adrift of leaders Arsenal. It is likely Maguire will get chances to impress and the player demonstrated his willingness to fight for his place after snubbing a temporary switch to Italy. Inter Milan had enquired about his availability on loan to replace outgoing defender Milan Skriniar, but their request was knocked back by both Maguire and the club. DON'T MISSJose Mourinho sends Man Utd transfer warning over £150m OsimhenTen Hag to test discipline of Man Utd squad with lavish Las Vegas tripMan Utd boss Ten Hag 'has held De Jong transfer talks' as details drop Maguire maintains a key role in the England squad under Gareth Southgate and the Three Lions boss indicated his situation at the club will not affect his place in the squad, having been selected for the 26-man travelling party to Qatar despite his lack of games. But after making only four starts in the league since Ten Hag took over, the former Leicester man is understandably not happy with his current situation. However, he has vowed to impress when he is eventually handed a chance in the first team. "I'm 29 and haven't really been in this position in my career before," Maguire said recently. "I don't want to get used to it, but it is part and parcel of football. I'm pushing, training well, and when chance comes, I need to take it."