Arsenal completed the £27million signing of Leandro Trossard on Friday, a week after missing out on Mykhaylo Mudryk to Chelsea. But Trossard's first words as a Gunner suggest Mikel Arteta may have to delve back into the winger market before the winter transfer deadline. After joining from Brighton and Hove Albion, the 28-year-old said: "I like to be in the pocket behind the striker. On the wings, I can explore myself as well. "I'm comfortable in either of those positions, but if I were to choose, behind the striker - but it all depends on the system." Express Sport identifies four wingers Arsenal could target if Arteta plans to use Trossard primarily as competition for Martin Odegaard. Wilfried Zaha has been tipped to make a big move away from Crystal Palace for years, making no secret of his Champions League dream, with Arsenal regularly linked with interest. Nine years after returning to Selhurst Park, his time looks to have finally come this summer when his contract expires. The Gunners could pursue a cut-price deal for the Eagles star this month in a win-win scenario for both clubs, bolstering Arteta's attack further and preventing Palace from losing him for free. He is already Premier League proven, and could compete for a spot on the left as well as cover for Gabriel Jesus as a striker. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Moussa Diaby quickly emerged as an alternative to Mudryk in reports after his £88m move to Chelsea. According to Sky Sports, Arsenal have contacted Bayer Leverkusen over the 23-year-old's availability. He wouldn't come cheap, though, and is likely one to watch for the summer after Bayer quoted suitors £88m in the summer. But if the opportunity arose, the Gunners could bring forward their budget and complete a marquee swoop this month. READ MORE: Frank Lampard sends Everton fans relegation warning after West Ham Marcus Thuram has been heavily linked with a Borussia Monchengladbach exit in January ahead of his contract expiry this summer. Chelsea are strongly touted to make a move, but Arsenal could perform a hijack of their own and bring the France international to north London. Still only 25, Thuram's versatility should make him an enticing prospect in the market, especially for a cut-price fee. And Arsenal could react and bolster Arteta's depth with an international regular reportedly hungry to prove himself in the Premier League. DON'T MISS: Drone forces Southampton and Aston Villa players to be taken off pitch A bit of a left-field option to complete the list... Reports claim Christian Pulisic is expected to be allowed to leave Chelsea in January, and Mudryk's arrival will only limit his minutes further. Arsenal are said to have been made aware of his availability and could make a move to help Graham Potter balance his squad while strengthening their own. That said, he could be viewed as similar to Trossard, and his uninspiring stint in England is unlikely to persuade supporters that he can make an impact in the title race. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here