In a savage attack against the 38-year-old, Dr Gavin Ashenden said that Prince Harry "can't be trusted" and accused the Duke and Duchess of Sussex of depending "on publicity". Speaking on GB News, Mr Ashenden said: "I’m flabbergasted that anybody thinks any good can come out of this. I'm not flabbergasted in the sense that the Archbishop presents himself as having great skills in this area, but I think I'm with William." Speaking of the couple's pending attendance at this year's coronation, he added: "I don't think Harry can be trusted not to pull off some kind of stunt. After all, he and Meghan depend entirely on publicity. “And I think before they will be capable of being invited to such a public space they should show that they've become trustworthy and I don't think there's the time or the opportunity to do that." He also added that he believes the whole thing "is doomed". READ MORE: Kate cuddles child and sweetly calms man's nerves by reassuring him 'we all get nervous' Speaking with GB News' Patrick Christys, he said: “I think poor Charles should be a bit more courageous. "I think the nation will understand entirely that he has a rogue son and his family is slightly dysfunctional. I’d be far better to have clarity rather than some kind of cosmetic nice patch over the whole thing. "I think it's best just best to accept that Harry and Meghan have gone and they go on with the people they can trust who are left." READ MORE: Work for the King! Charles and Camilla on hunt to fill dream role at Buckingham Palace Speaking about the trustworthiness of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, he said: "First of all, Meghan had no difficulty lying in front of the Archbishop when she said he'd secretly married her a few days earlier, so I don't think we can set much stall by that." He also added that it "will just simply be better if they didn't come" to the coronation, which is set to take place on their son Archie's fourth birthday. Earlier this month, Harry released his memoir, titled Spare, which included numerous shocking revelations about the Royal Family. DON'T MISS Harry out for 'revenge' as he launches new 24-page report with Meghan [INSIGHT]Kate releases powerful animation to promote campaign close to heart [ANALYSIS]Prince Louis’ £8,000 gift from Harry paid tribute to Diana [REPORT]  Harry opened up about his early life as the younger son of the then-future King, starting by documenting the tragic moment he found out about the tragic death of his late mother, Princess Diana. Harry made a very shocking claim that his elder brother, Prince William, has physically attacked him in 2019, during a heated discussion over his wife, Meghan Markle. Prince Harry also claims that his stepmother Camilla, now the Queen Consort, launched a "campaign" to marry his father, admitting that both he and William begged Charles not to marry her.