WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Hawaii. NCIS Hawaii has gone down a storm with CBS viewers since it launched last year. There have been unexpected twists, rollercoaster romances and a plethora of dramatic moments. The police procedural took a break over the festive period, like the rest of the franchise, but the countdown begins until the show's return to the small screen. Fans of NCIS Hawaii will recall navy captain Joe Milius in the first season who had an ongoing flirtationship with Agent Jane Tennant (played by Vanessa Lachey). After some to-ing and fro-ing, the pair did go on one date which went well in both of their eyes. Sadly, it wasn't meant to be as it came out in the series finale that Joe was being reassigned to a position in Washington. So their love story was cut short, much to viewers' disappointment, however, it seems it might not be over just yet. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly shut down by rail boss over strike 'celebrity' probe' It has been reported there is a plan in the works that will see Gjokaj return to NCIS Hawaii in the near future. In a TV Line report regarding the 42-year-old, it said: "When I spoke to Vanessa Lachey on Dec. 14, she said, 'I was just texting [Enver]… and I will say that he is 'pinned for the future. "'We don’t have specifics, but yes, he is coming back to the island' for the first time since Season 1’s finale." So although not confirmed, there is a chance Gkokaj could show up before series two comes to an end. Away from NCIS Hawaii, viewers may recognise Gjokaj for playing Agent Daniel Sousa in Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). He first showed up in Agent Carter before making an appearance in the other TV series Agents of SHIELD. Some of his other roles have been in Resident Alien, The Walking Dead and The Rookie. But before anyone can get excited about his comeback, there is the NCIS crossover special to look forward to. DON'T MISS...GB News uproar over claims Meghan and Harry ‘milking Diana’s legacy’ [REACTION]NCIS Hawaii's Vanessa Lachey confirms return of fan-favourite star [CAST]NCIS’ Michael Weatherly sparks frenzy with Ziva and Tony update [UPDATE] For the first time in the franchise's history, all three NCIS dramas are going to be part of a crossover event unlike any other. An episode of NCIS, NCIS Hawaii and NCIS Los Angeles are going to be shown on Monday, January 9, on CBS. Each episode will be linked as the three teams work together against a mysterious hitman. Members of each cast are going to show up in all of the sister shows so it will be interesting to see how they work together. The synopsis for the episode Deep Fake reads: "In Washington DC  to celebrate the retirement of a former professor. "NCIS agents are forced to investigate the professor's suicide. "Tennant, Jimmy Palmer and Sam Hanna are kidnapped, and it all ties into the mysterious suicide." NCIS Hawaii returns on Monday, January 9, on CBS in the USA. A UK release date hasn't been announced.