As the judges took their seats on the panel, Jonathan Ross couldn't resist poking fun at Joel Dommett's hairstyle. The Masked Singer host, who is renowned for his iconic, brightly-coloured suits, donned a Danny Zuko hair flick as he took to the stage. His new do didn't go unnoticed by ITV viewers either. "You look absolutely wonderful today," Joel said to Davina McCall and Rita Ora. "So do you, Joel," the duo complimented before Jonathan chimed in. He said: "It's very 1950s, remember Grease when they all get together and dance? "Imagine John Travolta had an evil brother, that's what he would look like." READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row Luckily Joel laughed off the comment, although, some viewers agreed with Jonathan's joke. Emily tweeted: "@joeldommett is channel some Danny Zuko this evening." (sic) Others likened the host to Lord Charles, with many sharing side-by-side comparisons. "My mum said Joel Dommett looks like Lord Charles tonight and I nearly choked...@joeldommett #TheMaskedSinger," @LilGirlOf7 commented. Robin Chapman said: "#MaskedSingerUK @joeldommett rocking a young Lord Charles look!" While Matt Beckett praised: "@joeldommett is quite simply the best-dressed person on TV!! #TheMaskedSingerUK @ITV." However, an unimpressed Pauline wrote: "I just want to fix @joeldommett hair!! That fringe is bugging me #MaskedSingerUK." (sic) During the show, Pigeon, Otter, Jacket Potato, Jellyfish, Fawn, Rhino, Phoenix and Knitting took to the stage to perform. DON'T MISS...Lea Michele branded ‘disrespectful’ after ‘pushing’ Sadie Sink [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Nicky's link to Lydia in DNA twist [SPOILERS]Phillip Schofield is 'genuine' as expert speaks out on Holly 'feud' [EXCLUSIVE] After each performance, the mystery celebs gave the judges a telling clue about who they were. Joel also revealed that their song choice also played a huge part in their identities. Since the ITV talent show began, viewers have been playing along and sharing their own theories. For weeks, they have been convinced that Knitting is Steps singer, Claire Richards. They also claim James Arthur and Busted star, Charlie Simpson could be hidden under the Rhino costume. While Phoenix's identity seems to point towards a Strictly Come Dancing star. After dropping their clues, many fans claimed the character could be Kevin Clifton or even Anton du Beke. The Masked Singer returns on Saturday at 7pm on ITV.