Steve McFadden has been in EastEnders as Phil Mitchell for more than three decades and he is still causing trouble in Albert Square. It hasn't all been violence and crime during his time in the BBC series though, with a fair few romances as well. Here's all there is to know about McFadden's love life. Phil Mitchell (played by Steve McFadden) is getting ready to say "I do" for the sixth time in EastEnders. He has been dating Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) for quite a while and despite him almost getting her and son Tommy Slater (Sonny Kendall) killed, she has stuck by his side. Their wedding is on the horizon but Alfie Moon (Shane Ritchie) is still head over heels for his ex-wife. So is the big day going to go off without a hitch or will the pair decide to call it off at the last minute? READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star EastEnders actor Steve McFadden is in a long-term relationship with girlfriend Karen Cairns. Very little is known about Cairns as the couple prefers to keep their relationship out of the spotlight. But they have been together for around 10 years and welcomed their daughter Frankie in June 2016. At the time, a source told The Sun: "Steve and Karen are both over the moon with little Frankie. "Her pregnancy did come as a surprise, but now they are both really happy." This is far from the only romance McFadden has had over the years though, much like his onscreen character. His first serious relationship was with his childhood sweetheart Sue Marshall who he shares son Matt with. When their romance ended, he met new girlfriend Angela Bostock at a party in Salisbury in 1995. This wasn't to last either though and the 63-year-old went on to date one of his co-stars. DON'T MISS...Our Yorkshire Farm emergency as air ambulance rushes to Ravenseat [EXPLAINER]EastEnders' Lily Slater pressured into an abortion by Jack Branning [SPOILER]Rita Simons undergoes hysterectomy after 'debilitating' health issue [HEALTH] In 1999, McFadden started dating actress Lucy Benjamin who played one of Phil's ex-wives, Lisa Fowler. They were together for four years but that wasn't meant to be either and he got back with Angela. McFadden had two daughters Teona and Mollie Jane with Angela before parting ways for good in 2005. His next relationship was with Dr Rachel Sidwell who he reportedly met while on the school run in 2008 and were together for more than a year. During this time, the couple had daughter Amelie Tinkerbell in September 2009. Speaking to OK! magazine, McFadden said: "I'm happier now than I've ever been. I can't wait to start having more now. "The day she was born was one of the greatest of my life." EastEnders airs four nights a week on BBC One.