The state pension age is currently 66, however, changes are on the horizon. Under Government plans, the state pension age will already increase to 67 between 2026 and 2028, and to 68 between 2044 and 2046.  However, a review is currently taking place to consider whether increases to 68 should be brought forward to 2037 to 2039. In November, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt confirmed the review would feedback in “early 2023”, and it must provide its response by May 7, 2023 under law. However, the Unite union has claimed the UK Government is “failing” to take account of sick and injured workers in the state pension age increase plan. Unite submitted a Freedom of Information (FOI) request to the Government, to ask about the number of workers being forced to, or choosing to leave their profession early. READ MORE: HMRC expected to get ‘much tougher’ on tax bills in 2023 The DWP replied: “Following a search of our paper and electronic records, we have established the information you requested is not held by this Department.” The union has expressed concern at this response, suggesting it may add to workers’ fears. Sharon Graham, Unite general secretary, claimed: “This revelation will send a shudder through the UK workforce. “The message being given out by the Government is don’t get sick or injured. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis warns over 1 million people overpaid on NHS prescriptions [INSIGHT]Cold Weather Payment postcode checker shows if area is due £25 [LATEST]Man retires at 53 with strategy to protect income from inflation [EXCLUSIVE] “Too many workers in highly physically demanding jobs are already being forced out of work before the state pension age. “Extending the date when workers become eligible for their pension will make the situation even worse. “Even more workers will find themselves in a cruel limbo world where they are too sick to work but too young to receive their pension.” The Government first launched the second state pension age review back in December 2021. READ MORE: Global 'systemic crisis’ puts China, Japan and Italy on the brink At the time, it said the review would consider whether the rules around pensionable age are appropriate. The review, which is currently ongoing, will look at numerous factors including life expectancy data, expenditure, and labour market changes. The announcement said: “As the number of people over state pension age increases, due to a growing population and people on average living longer, the Government needs to make sure that decisions on how to manage its costs are, robust, fair and transparent for taxpayers now and in the future. “It must also ensure that as the population becomes older, the state pension continues to provide the foundation for retirement planning and financial security.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The review will also consider the effects for individuals with “different characteristics and opportunities”. This will include those at risk of disadvantage. Steven Cameron, pensions director at Aegon, recently touched upon the state pension age and speculation surrounding changes. He said: “As well as uncertainty over future increases to the state pension, we’ll hear more on the future age at which people can draw their state pension. “There is speculation this could go up to age 68 earlier than planned, possibly from the early to mid 2030s.”