A customer has had "the most expensive McDonald's" he'd ever had after being stung with £100 in fines. Shapour Meftah ordered "quite a bit of food" at the fast food restaurant's Newmarket Road, Cambridge branch during a meet-up with his brother. But he left with two fines after exceeding a 90-minute parking allocation he claims was not made clear to customers. Speaking to CambridgeshireLive, Mr Meftah said he received two letters from a private parking firm demanding he pay £100 a few days after his meal. The fines covered two visits to the Newmarket Road branch on January 4 and January 6, 2023, and could eventually cost up to £200. They double to £100 each if he fails to pay within the week, and Mr Meftah has appealed. He complained there was no sign at the location "that says you have 90 minutes to sit down, eat and go". READ MORE: Motorists can save petrol and diesel by parking cars in warmer places He branded the experience "parking from hell" and said McDonald's could not help him contest the fines. Mr Meftah said he had "tried talking to them" but said there was "no way on earth" they would help. UK Parking Control said he surpassed the allotted time limit for McDonald's customers. In a statement, a representative also disputed his claims that there was inadequate signage. They said the parking limits exist to provide "adequate parking for all of our customers". The representative added that "ample signage" clearly outlined the restrictions. They said signs are displayed "both as you drive into the car park and on various lampposts within it". Customers who believe they have received a notice incorrectly must issue an appeal via "parking control company guidelines". The company said it will ultimately decide the outcome of Mr Meftah's appeal. Private parking firms received criticism for "aggressive" practices from the Government last year. Minister for Levelling Up  eil O'Brien said they issue up to "22,000 parking tickets every day" often via a "system of misleading and confusing signage, aggressive debt collection and unreasonable fees".