Cristiano Ronaldo made a heartwarming gesture to one fan during his Al Nassr unveiling on Tuesday, having officially been presented as the Saudi Arabian club's new signing. The 37-year-old had been a free agent since his Manchester United contract was terminated prior to the World Cup, but has now found his new home in the Middle East. The five-time Ballon d'Or winner had an eventful unveiling, as he was described in a press conference as the "greatest ever" footballer, before his iconic Siu celebration was made back to him by reporters and he then accidentally said he was happy to be in South Africa, rather than Saudi Arabia. "The football is different, so for me it's not the end of my career to come to South Africa," Ronaldo let slip. "This is why I want to change, and to be honest I'm really not worried about what people say." The striker then took to the pitch to meet his new fans after a huge light show at Mrsool Park, where he was joined by his family and began to celebrate his arrival with the club's supporters. He then started to sign club footballs and kick them into the ground, but one ball was not sent high into the stadium and instead Ronaldo picked out a child before walking over and handing her the ball, the only one he did not kick into the supporters. Before being met with cheers for his gesture, the ex-United striker described his delight after putting to bed rumours of his next club, and admitted there were offers from Europe but he considers his time in the continent to be over. "In Europe my work is done," he said in his first press conference in Saudi Arabia. "I won everything, I played for the most important clubs in Europe and now it is a new challenge in Asia. As nobody knows, I can say now I had many opportunities in Europe, many clubs in Brazil, Australia, the US, even in Portugal, many clubs tried to sign me. But I gave my word for this club for the opportunity to develop the football and all the amazing parts of this country." DON'T MISSGary Speed's widow Louise suffers more heartbreak as husband dies from cancerNewcastle may have pulled off masterstroke as Maddison swap opens upWhat Man Utd chiefs think about Ten Hag after Rashford punishment  The full unveiling saw Ronaldo arrive at the packed stadium, where his name was sang throughout as he first held a press conference, before his new boss Rudi Garcia spoke. The Portugal captain then met his some of new team-mates, as he joined Cameroon World Cup hero Vincent Aboubakar at the club before taking to the pitch to a loud atmosphere. Ronaldo could make his debut on Thursday against Al-Ta'ee, and joked that he is available to play if Garcia wants to use him. If he is unable to feature, however, the Saudi Pro League leaders face Al-Shabab on Saturday. 