New rules at a secondary school have been dubbed "draconian" after pupils were banned from hugging and holding hands. Bosses at Hylands School, Chelmsford, say they "do not allow" romantic relationships and students who are caught using mobile phones could have them locked in a safe for the rest of the day. The school has come under fire from parents after the strict "hands off" policy was introduced along with other new rules, reports EssexLive. However, the school says that most parents and pupils support the policy, claiming that it "engenders mutual respect and encourages pupils to behave professionally as any future employer would expect." A letter sent by assistant headteacher Miss Catherine McMillan, seen by EssexLive, says they do not tolerate "any physical contact" between members of the school community. One parent at the school claimed that parents had not been told about the new policy prior to the letter, which was sent on January 9. Instead, they heard about the new rules from their children. The individual, who did not want to be named, said: "I couldn't believe it. In this day and age, I agree that inappropriate touching - hitting and punching - of course has to be dealt with. But they're not teaching students how to have a healthy relationship. "The inference is that you can't touch anyone, children won't know what is or isn't appropriate, and the ability to empathise with their peers is being taken away. I have a daughter and her and her friends greet each other with a hug, but if they do that now they'll [face being] put into isolation." The letter, sent by the Essex school, says forms of physical contact which are not tolerated include "any aggressive physical contact, hugging, holding hands, slapping someone, etc". It continues: "This is in order to keep your child safe. If your child is touching somebody else, whether they are consenting or not, anything could happen. It could lead to an injury, make someone feel very uncomfortable, or someone being touched inappropriately.  "While we want your children to make really positive friendships, hopefully lifelong ones, we don't allow romantic relationships at Hylands. Your child is of course able to have these relationships with your permission outside of school. "We want your child to focus on their learning while in school and we don’t want them to be distracted by relationship issues. In your child's Personal Development lessons we learn about positive, healthy relationships and your child can still talk to a trusted adult in school for advice and support if they need to." The parent added: "Human instinct is that if your friend fell over you might help them up. But now they're having their privileges threatened such as losing their lunch or morning breaks, or even isolation for the day - which is all so draconian. "There's been a huge outcry from other parents. Partly because of the lack of communication with parents, all we've been told is what students tell us. But it's also such an archaic approach and is not needed in this day and age. After the pandemic, where everyone was starved of human contact, you are now setting everything back. It's not going to help students' mental health either." Ms Maggie Callaghan, executive headteacher at Hylands School, responded: "We always seek to work closely with parents in order to ensure that our pupils are safe and happy. Most parents and pupils support this policy which engenders mutual respect and encourages pupils to behave professionally as any future employer would expect."