The likes of Lewis Hamilton have again been warned over using F1 for "personal agenda" with drivers likely to be banned if they defy the FIA. Last month, a new regulation was implemented that barred competitors from the "general making and display of political, religious and personal statements or comments," in the sport without prior permission. Hamilton, 38, has been more prominent that most in relation to making political statements at Grand Prix races. He took the knee before every race he entered in the 2020 F1 season in support of the Black Lives Matter, movement and also wore t-shirts at races with the campaign slogan. That same year, he donned a t-shirt bearing 'Arrest the cops who killed Breonna Taylor' on the front at the Tuscan Grand Prix. The Mercedes man has also regularly worn a rainbow coloured helmet in races in the Middle East, in support of LGBTQ rights. The now retired Sebastian Vettel has also been outspoken, regularly highlighting the environmental issues and concerns that surround F1. But FIA President Mohammed Ben Sulayem has reiterated the sport cannot be used to fuel agendas: "We are concerned with building bridges. You can use sport for peace reasons but one thing we don't want is to have the FIA as a platform for private personal agenda. We will divert from the sport," he said at the Dakar Rally, via Autosport. JUST IN: Carlos Sainz's dad forces helicopter to turn around en route to hospital after crash And the Emirati implied that drivers could go through other means to get their voiced heard: "What does the driver do best? Driving," he added. "They are so good at it, and they make the business, they make the show, they are the stars. Nobody is stopping them. There are other platforms to express what they want. Everybody has this and they are most welcome to go through the process of the FIA, to go through that." Ben Sulayem then reiterated a penalty awaits driver to deliberately flout regulations: "I have my own personal things, okay, but it doesn't mean I will use the FIA to do it," he said. "The FIA should be neutral, I believe. We need the superstars in to make the sport. If there is anything, you take the permission. If not, if they make any other mistake, it's like speeding in the pit lane. If you do it, it's very clear what you get." DON'T MISS:F1 rebellion breaking out behind the scenes over FIA president's long-term planAndretti hits back at F1 'greed' after teams anger at expansion plansDaniel Ricciardo 'spotted' with Oscar Piastri after rookie steals McLaren F1 drive  Hamilton has long called for more diversity in his sport, and has never been afraid to speak on what he feels are discriminatory issues. And he's recently highlighted another potential problem, warning the cost of motorsport was turning youngsters away. The seven-time world champion said: "Well the problem with our sport is it is expensive. But there are a lot of people out there today, companies that are looking at improving diversity and inclusion. There’s a lot of companies out there that want to be partnered with the right message."