Vladimir Putin has been warned he faces a "very bleak future" if he fails to score a "significant victory" in the next major offensives with Ukraine as pressure begins to mount in Russia. The Russian President has seen his army suffer a series of devastating blows in the conflict, with tens of thousands of troops being killed on the battlefield. The first anniversary of the war is just a few weeks away on February 24, and there has been speculation Putin could announce a huge mobilisation of half-a-million troops in a desperate bid to boost his ailing plan. Colonel Richard Kemp, a retired British Army officer who served for nearly 30 years, claimedboth Russia and Ukraine are gearing up for "major offensives" but warned this could be Putin's "last roll of the dice". He believesfailure to achieve a "significant victory" would open up the possibility of a coup in Russia against him - a move that could edge the President closer to the Kremlin exit door. The retired British Army Colonel told Express.co.uk: "The Ukrainians have taken a huge hit, but of course so has Putin. "We all know things didn't work out how we expected or how he conditioned the Russian people to expect, so he has to have a significant victory in the early part of this year if he can achieve it. "If he can't achieve that, it could be a very bleak future for him with the possibility of some kind of coo in Russia against him. He will be very mindful of that possibility. "Putin is in a very strong position and still has huge popularity within Russia, despite this war. But we have also seen rumblings from some of the elites within Russia. "The prospects of a popular Russian uprising against Putin are pretty low but the prospect of someone of significance in Moscow or a significant number of people deciding to move against him is possible." He added: "Whether that would succeed is an open question and who would succeed him is also an open question. READ MORE: North Korea declares 'we stand with Russia' in terrifying NATO threat "The third question is whether it worsens or improves the situation because the most serious noises against Putin that I'm aware of are not those who have said we want peace, but from people who say they want to win this war." Colonel Kemp warned the war between Russia and Ukraine could even go on for "years" but the "critical point" will be who comes out on top in the upcoming offences. Despite pressure building on Putin, he believes the Russian President has to "fight and keep it going" as he would never be able to "contemplate the status quo that existed before February 24, 2022". The retired British Army Colonel said: "This war could go on for many months and even years but the critical point will be whether these Russian and Ukrainian offences succeed or fail. DON'T MISSRussia 'now at war with NATO' after 'game-changing' support from West [COMMENTS]British tanks in Ukraine must be recovered to stop Putin steal tech [REPORT]Poland boosts Zelensky by sending tanks as PM takes swipe at Putin [LATEST] "If the Russians are able to muster enough combat power to do really severe damage to Ukraine - more than they have done already - that could see Ukraine in a situation Russia hoped it would be in. "The chances of the war ending favourably on Ukraine's terms are pretty small because I don't see with Putin, with everything he has plunged into this war and everything he has lost in this war, could contemplate the status quo that existed before February 24, 2022. "He has to fight and keep it going. The prospects are for either a Russian victory over Ukraine or a prolonged conflict." Earlier this week, Ukraine was handed a massive boost after Germany finally said it will send Leopard 2 tanks to the war-torn country in the fight against Russia. It also means Western and NATO allies can now send squadrons of the German-made vehicles following weeks of anger and frustration over Berlin hesitating on the issue. Colonel Kemp has explained why Ukraine receiving Leopard 2 tanks could be the difference maker in the upcoming offensives against Russia. He concluded: "Ukraine getting these tanks could make the difference in the forthcoming offences, and could make the difference between victory and defeat for them. "Russia has a lot of tanks and Ukraine has some as well but has already seen many of them destroyed. These Leopard II tanks are far more capable than a lot of the tanks Russia has got. "Those tanks are most useful for offensive purposes but they are also extremely valuable for defensive purposes, sop they could make a big difference in whether Russia's offensive is successful."