Rishi Sunak used his first Prime Minister's Questions of the year to tear apart Sir Keir Starmer for what he called "petty politics". The two leaders clashed over the strikes that are currently crippling critical sectors in the UK, with Sir Keir accusing the Prime Minister of causing "prolonged misery". But Mr Sunak hit back saying: "Starmer is focused on petty politics while I’m delivering for Britain", adding: "That’s the difference between him and me". This came after Sir Keir said the PM was not promising to give cancer patients urgent treatment as they did under Labour. Sir Keir added: "He's not even promising an NHS that puts patients first, like they did under Labour. No, he's promising that one day, although he can't say when, the record-high waiting lists will stop growing. That's it. "After 13 years in Government, what does it say that the best they can offer is that at some point they might stop making things worse?" The Prime Minister replied: "When it comes to the NHS, it's crystal clear: the Conservatives are on the side of patients, Labour on the side of their union paymasters. All he does is flip from one thing to another, and that's the difference between him and me. He's focused on petty politics, I'm delivering for Britain." Delivering a powerful rebuttal to Sir Keir, the Prime Minister pledged to fix the problems facing the UK, chanting: "Inflation - down; debt - down; and the boats stop." Mr Sunak appeared to have the backing of his MPs, who roared in support as he delivered the knockout blow to the Labour leader. Sir Keir was keen to suggest that the strikes were a product of Tory mismanagement, with the Labour leader reminding MPs that there were no NHS strikes under the previous Labour Government. Alluding to hypocrisy from the Conservative Government, Sir Keir said: "When I clapped nurses I meant it", adding: "They’ve gone from clapping the nurses to sacking the nurses."  But Mr Sunak hit back, claiming the only reason Labour isn't supporting their new anti-strike legislation is because the party is in the pockets of unions. He told MPs: "The Conservatives are on the side of patients. Labour is on the side of their union paymasters".  Mr Sunak also used PMQs to shut down speculation over his choice of healthcare provider, which has been growing in recent weeks. The Prime Minister told MPs he is registered with an NHS GP, but admitted to using private healthcare in the past. He told MPs: "I am registered with an NHS GP. I have used independent health care in the past, and I’m also grateful to the Friarage Hospital for the fantastic care they’ve given my family over the years." The Labour leader later hit back: "I heard the Prime Minister saying he's now registered with an NHS doctor, so he'll soon enjoy the experience of waiting on hold every morning at 8am to get a GP appointment. "But I can tell him that those that are waiting now don't want another round of empty promises or boasting about what he's done, they just want to know when they'll be able to see a doctor." In a dig aimed at the Government's new anti-strike legislation, Sir Keir said there is currently no "minimum service level any day, because [the Conservatives] have broken the NHS". The Prime Minister also hit out at Sir Keir's plans for NHS reforms, describing them as being a "completely disruptive, unfunded top-down reorganisation". He added that they are "completely unaffordable and out-of-date, just like the Labour Party". 