A former pub landlord who used Government Covid loans to help send £25k to Islamic State terrorists shouted “May Allah destroy you” as he was jailed for 12 years. Tarek Namouz, 43, sent the money to a school friend fighting in Syria after being paid the loans by his local council. The Covid "bounceback" loans were launched by then-Chancellor Rishi Sunak to help small British businesses stay afloat during the pandemic. Namouz, who is a convicted rapist and ran a barber shop in west London, which he lived above, sent the money to his contact Yahya Ahmed Alia between November 2020 and May 2021. He denied this but was convicted, after a trial last month of eight counts of providing money for terrorism and two counts of possessing information useful for terrorism. After his sentencing at Kingston Crown Court today, Namouz thanked the judge and then announced to the court: “May Allah destroy you, may Allah destroy you. We will meet on judgment day. You are a Catholic and you will end up in hell.” The court heard Namouz, who was born in Syria and came to the UK aged 14, was on licence from a ten-year sentence for raping a woman in 2014 when he was the landlord of a pub in Finsbury Park. He was released in September 2019 and opened Boss Crew Barbers in Olympia. The court heard Namouz claimed Covid loans from Hammersmith and Fulham Council in 2021, which he sent along with other cash. Sentencing him, Judge Peter Lodder KC said: “You were entitled to Covid bounceback loans which were paid to you by your local council. You sent that money and other money at West London Currency Exchange to a terrorist in Syria between 30 November 2020 and 19 April 2021 on seven separate occasions." Police had evidence of more than £11,000 being transferred but a jury convicted him of sending a total of £25,000 after hearing evidence of a recorded conversation from prison in which Namouz admitted the true figure. When police raided Namouz's barbershop in May 2021, they found £3,170 in cash and a hidden mobile phone containing messages to his contact in Syria and two "lone wolf’ videos. One was an ISIS bomb-making video and the other showed how to best kill someone with a knife, the court heard.  After his arrest, Namouz was recalled on licence for the rape matter and was visited by a friend in prison in August 2021. Their conversation was bugged and Namouz said police did not know the true amount of money involved and referred to sending the £25,000, the court heard.The Judge said: “It is clear your visitor held similar extreme views and that you trusted him." During the trial, Namouz said he did not know the money was being used for terrorism and that he sent it to help the poor. It was said Namouz did have legitimate plans to construct a building and farm in Syria that would help the local poor. But the judge said messages revealed it would also be used as a base to “manufacture and store weapons and from which to launch terrorist attacks on neighbouring areas.” He said it was all part of Namouz’s “plan to re-establish a state run according to extreme Islamic principles.”  Namouz was jailed for 12 years with an extended licence period of one year. He will serve two thirds before being considered for release.