Ghislaine Maxwell has befriended a convicted murderer who has even given her an affectionate prison nickname. Narcy Novack is serving life for murdering her millionaire husband and her mother-in-law at the Florida prison where Maxwell is also serving a 20-year sex trafficking sentence. The pair are so close that Novack has reportedly given Maxwell the prison nickname: Dotty. They are close in age as well - Novack is 65 while Maxwell is 60 - and both enjoyed the high life as wealthy socialites before being incarcerated. Novack was convicted of orchestrating the grisly death of her mother-in-law and her husband and sentenced to life without parole in 2012. Her husband, Ben Novack Jr, was found beaten and suffocated to death with his eyes gouged out in a hotel penthouse in Rye Brook, New York.  Her mother-in-law, 87-year-old Bernice Novack, was found dead three months earlier in what was originally ruled as an accidental fall. However, after her son's murder, her death was determined to be a homicide. Ghislaine Maxwell, or inmate 02879-509 as she is known in the Florida prison where she now resides, spoke to TalkTV's Jeremy Kyle from jail. During the interview, she detailed her daily routine in prison including her 6am wake-up time and food that was "beyond tasteless". Maxwell also said she believed paedophile Jeffrey Epstein was "murdered" in his jail cell while awaiting trial. Authorities have ruled that Epstein killed himself. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'very savvy' as Duke's memoir gives 'more weight'   She offered no apology to Jeffrey Epstein's victims during the interview. Maxwell was sentenced to 20 years in prison and fined $750,000 (£604,000) for helping sex offender and billionaire Jeffrey Epstein abuse teenage girls in June 2022. US District Judge Alison Nathan sentenced Maxwell in New York City six months after she was convicted of five of six charges, including sex trafficking. A federal jury found Maxwell guilty of recruiting and grooming four girls between 1994 and 2004 for sexual encounters with billionaire Epstein. 