Boris Johnson has been urged to make a stunning comeback to frontline politics "for the sake of Britain, Brexit and British people" in a move many argue could rescue the crumbling Conservative Party.There have been surging calls for the former Prime Minister to make a sensational return, with many Tories warning of general election oblivion. Rishi Sunak is already under pressure from Mr Johnson's allies as he struggles to regain the huge ground lost in the polls under the disastrous 44-day premiership of predecessor Liz Truss. Tory MPs are reportedly already plotting another potential coup if the local elections in May prove to be catastrophic. Now Brexiteer Nile Gardiner, a former aide to the late Lady Margaret Thatcher, has urged Mr Johnson to make a stunning return. He tweeted a picture of him shaking hands with the former Prime Minister, and wrote: "There is speculation in the UK press today that @BorisJohnson may be preparing a comeback in 2023. For the sake of Britain, Brexit, and the British people, I hope this is true." Last week, Mr Gardiner tweeted the same picture, and commented: "The best hope for Britain in 2023 is @BorisJohnson returning to lead the Conservative Party." Fisheries minister and former chief whip Mark Spencer has said “write Boris Johnson off at your peril” as speculation of a stunning comeback continues. When asked if the former Prime Minister is likely to return to frontline politics, he said the Tories would be “foolish” not to make use of his talents. Mr Spencer said in an interview to be broadcast on GB News this evening: "You should never write Boris Johnson off. Because if you look back, everybody said he could never become Mayor of London, and he did it... "You know, I think you write Boris Johnson off at your peril. He’s a hugely, hugely talented politician." READ MORE: Jacob Rees-Mogg says Brexit is in danger due to Civil Service Mr Spencer has thrown his support behind Mr Sunak staying in the top job but insisted Mr Johnson is an important asset, adding: "I think Rishi is the man of this moment. That doesn’t mean that Boris has not got a big role in politics, in UK politics in the future. "What I would say to you is that he is a man of huge talent, that my constituents love and respect him, that as a party we’d be very foolish to not make the most of those talents that clearly he has as an individual." The Tories have suffered a further damaging blow with Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer nearly doubling his lead over Mr Sunak in the latest best Prime Minister tracker poll. This comes after the weekly tracker poll for Express.co.uk by Techne UK showed the Tories had slumped a further four points behind Labour over Christmas to just 21 percent. DON'T MISSRishi Sunak holds emergency health summit to take 'bold action' [REPORT]Jameela Jamil's racist post against Rishi Sunak branded 'sickening' [REACTION]Sir Keir being unclear could hand Rishi the election [OPINION] Now according to the new fortnightly poll on "best Prime Minister", Sir Keir has gained three points to jump to 46 percent, while the Prime Minister has dropped a point down to 36 percent. The same survey of 1,624 voters revealed that almost half (48 percent) do not even believe Mr Sunak will be Prime Minister by the end of this year - piling yet more pressure on the Tory leader. Almost a fifth of Conservative voters from the 2019 General Election now believe Sir Keir would make the best Prime Minister as do more than a quarter (27 percent) of 2016 Leave voters. Mr Johnson remains a hugely popular figure among many Tories, despite resigning as Prime Minister in July following a Cabinet mutiny - party driven by the damaging 'Partygate' scandal. The Uxbridge MP secured a huge 80-seat majority for the Tories in the last general election in December and was in charge when Britain struck the post-Brexit trade deal that saw the UK leave the European Union in January 2021. The former Prime Minister nearly made a sensational return when he considered entering the Tory leadership race in September, but pulled out at the eleventh our. It was later reported he had reached the 100 vote threshold to proceed to the final round.