As markets continue to stabilise, the previously rapid interest rate rises are starting to slow up. Fixed savings accounts are still affording savers some of the highest returns and Virgin Money is offering savers an Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) of over four percent on its one-year fixed cash ISA. As fears of a recession loom, Simon Coll, director of wealth management at Arbuthnot Latham said: “An emergency fund is always important, but even more so during times of economic uncertainty. Financial experts typically recommend having six months' worth of bills and expenses saved should you find yourself in a position of needing to rely on savings.” However, he noted: “When inflation rises, keeping on top of day-to-day expenses is crucial. It is also important to consider your cash flow in the medium and long term. “For example, with interest rates rising, fixed-term or notice deposits can offer better interest rates. If you have the cash you might need in the medium term, but not immediately, this could provide an attractive return.” READ MORE: Top 10 regular savings accounts with high interest now  While interest rates fluctuate, fixed-rate accounts help add a layer of certainty to saving, as these enable savers to lock in the rate offered at the time of opening. Cash ISAs are also often a popular route people take to save, as these accounts allow up to £20,000 to be deposited per year, without having to pay tax on the interest above the Personal Savings Allowance (PSA). Virgin Money is currently offering savers an AER or 4.25 percent on its One Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA Exclusive (Issue 4). Interest is calculated daily and paid at the end of the fixed term on January 31, 2024. Some or all of the money can be withdrawn during the fixed term, but it can't be put back in, and any amount paid into the account will count towards the person’s annual ISA allowance limit even if they later withdraw it. DON'T MISS: Loop customer earned £86 in energy savings during National Grid event [INSIGHT]TV licence explained - Simple steps to claim refund worth £159 [EXPLAINED]Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]    Savers will also be charged 60 days' interest on the amount taken out during the fixed term. There is no minimum deposit required to open the account, but savers must have a current account with Virgin Money which was opened on or after December 4, 2019. Or, they originally opened their current account with Clydesdale Bank, Yorkshire Bank or have a Signature Current Account. Savers with Virgin Money can also have access to special deals across the wider Virgin Group that can help people save on things like everyday essentials, as well as bigger things like days out and holidays. But while the Virgin Money One Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA tops the leaderboard with the highest returns, Barclays isn’t far behind. READ MORE: Grandparents risk throwing away £5,437 in savings for grandchildren  Barclays’ One Year Flexible Cash ISA (Issue 36) is offering savers an AER of four percent. Monthly and end-of-term interest payment options are available but each is paid differently. End-of-term interest is compounded annually and added to the funds deposited in the ISA when it matures, while monthly interest must be paid into a Barclays account or it’ll be sent by cheque. The account can be opened with a minimum of £1 and up to three withdrawals can be made during the course of the one-year term.  Coventry Building Society places just behind offering a 3.8 percent AER on its Fixed Rate ISA (203) 31.05.2024. The account can be opened with a minimum deposit of £1 and interest is paid on maturity on May 31 or monthly to another suitable account. After the 14-day ‘cancellation period’, savers aren’t allowed to dip into their money before May 31, 2024. The ISA can, however, be closed before the maturity date, but a charge equivalent to 120 days’ interest on the balance will be issued. 