A disabled man was shot by North Carolina officers after police received a call about a gunshot in the area. Video footage from inside Jason Harley Kloepfer's residence shows that he obeyed the officers' orders and was unarmed before officers fired several rounds of bullets at the man who fell to the floor. The authorities claimed he had engaged in a verbal altercation with them but video footage appears to show otherwise. A North Carolina SWAT team was called to a trailer park where 41-year-old Jason Harley Kloepfer lives, after receiving reports of a shooting in the area at around 1pm on December 12. The video shows the man in a back room, believed to be his bedroom, when he is awoken by officers shouting outside of his trailer. Kloepfer can be seen in surveillance footage from inside the trailer opening the door with his wife Alison Mahler shortly behind him - both had their hands in the air. Just seconds after opening the door, the heavily armed officers began firing bullets at Kloepfer who collapsed on the floor.   Police suspected Kloepfer was the alleged shooter and was holding a hostage. The 41-year-old disabled man was transported to hospital in a critical but stable condition shortly after the shooting. Police insisted that the unarmed man had engaged in a verbal altercation with them and "confronted" them upon being shot. However, the video doesn't seem to match up with the police claims. His wife, Mahler, shouted at the officers: "'What the hell. He's shot - what the hell did you do!?" READ MORE: London 'gun nut's' house riddled with home-made weapons - police raid Police continued to shout from outside the trailer ordering the two to come outside and Mahler obeyed while holding her hands up as Kloepfer pulled himself across the floor in the direction of the door. "He can't! He's shot!" Mahler screamed at officers while exiting the trailer. Meanwhile, officers approached the trailer while Kloepfer can be heard faintly shouting, "I don't have a gun. I didn't have a gun". He was then dragged out of the trailer by officers who had hold of his arm. Kloepfer, who identifies as disabled but the nature of his disabilities are not known, was charged with Communicating Threats and Resist, Obstruct and Delay.   Sharing his healing journey on social media, Kloepfer showed his gun shot wounds on his torso and arm. Kloepfer wrote: "I am physically doing better, mentally me an Ali ain't so good on this one. "We are out of state for fear of our lives since I got out the hospital." He insisted he was innocent and called the charges "completely wrong", adding: "This has been and still is a horrible nightmare we are trying to get thru. We will make it thru". Express.co.uk has reached out to North Carolina police department for further comment. 