Liverpool hero Jamie Carragher believes that Darwin Nunez and Arsenal talisman Gabriel Jesus share noticeable similarities. The 44-year-old also questioned how Mykhaylo Mudryk will fit in at the north London outfit and what it may mean for the tactical setup of the team. The Gunners currently have a seven-point lead at the top of the table over Manchester City, with Mikel Arteta’s side looking like they will be incredibly difficult to peg back at this stage. His team have coped with numerous fitness problems throughout the campaign, though were dealt their biggest blow of all at the Qatar World Cup when Jesus sustained a knee injury whilst representing Brazil. The striker has been the final piece of the puzzle for Arsenal, forming an unstoppable strike force alongside Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka. Jesus has scored five and assisted five in 14 league appearances this season, though those figures potentially do not do justice to his influence. And Carragher feels the same can be said for Nunez, who has struggled for goals since joining Liverpool from Benfica in the summer. He told Sky Sports: “I thought losing Gabriel Jesus was going to be a huge blow as I think he's been outstanding, without scoring the goals. “It's probably a little bit like Darwin Nunez at Liverpool, who's playing really well but could do with a few more goals. Nketiah's form and him getting those goals may just ease Arsenal off in the transfer window (from signing a replacement).” The Gunners have made Shakhtar Donetsk star Mudryk their top target this month, submitting a second bid for the 21-year-old on Monday. The club are hoping that they can strike a deal with the Ukrainian side that falls lower than their £100million valuation of the player. Mudryk is predominantly a left-winger, which could prompt Arteta to reassess how he deploys Martinelli for the second half of the campaign. Carragher continued: “They're after Mykhaylo Mudryk, when I've seen him play in the Champions League, he's been in left-wing and Gabriel Martinelli is there right now, he's been outstanding. Maybe one of them will go through the middle? “If they want to compete with Manchester City - and they are doing that right now but I'm talking about in all competitions and for the next few years like Liverpool have done - you need options from the bench. Arteta knows that better than anyone from his time at Manchester City. I think Mudryk would be a really exciting signing from what we've seen in the Champions League.”