Inheritance tax is often dubbed as Britain's most hated tax as some people feel they are taxed twice - once on earnings and another when they pass away. Although initially introduced to tax the wealthy, more and more middle earners are now having to pay the tax to HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) because although house prices have soared, the threshold has remained the same at £325,000 for nearly two decades. Inheritance or estate tax is a tax paid by a person who inherits money or property or a levy on the estate of a person who has died. The threshold means loved ones have to pay 40 percent tax on anything above £325,000 unless they leave everything over £325,000 to a spouse, civil partner, or charity. During the 2021 to 2022 financial year, a staggering £6billion was paid in inheritance tax, the largest annual sum since 1999. The level of inheritance tax paid last year also increased by 13.7 percent - the fourth largest annual increase since 1999. READ MORE: Ofgem says energy firms could face legal action    Experts at easyMoney estimate the level of inheritance tax paid in 2022 to 2023 looks set to climb to a new record high and, in doing so, would account for one percent of all tax receipts received by HMRC. The latest figures for the 2022/23 tax year show that so far, £4.75billion has already been collected in inheritance tax over just eight months. which could climb as high as £7.1billion by the end of the year. If this is the case, it will mark a new record high in terms of the total level of inheritance tax paid in a single year and will also sit 17.8 percent higher than the previous year - the second highest annual increase on record. Jason Ferrando, CEO of easyMoney said: “The level of inheritance tax paid on our hard-earned assets has continued to climb to record highs and looks set to do so again this year." DON'T MISS:Pensioners in their 80s share their fantastic money saving tip [INSIGHT]UK residents aged 45 to 70 urged to check state pension now [ALERT]20 of the best part-time jobs for retirees where you can earn £80k [INSIGHT]  He continued: "While it’s fair to say that the pandemic has almost certainly had an unfortunate hand in driving this trend in terms of the number of receipts received by HMRC, the primary factor driving this uptick in actual tax paid is likely to be the meteoric rate of house price growth seen in recent years. "There are ways to minimise the inheritance tax hit for those that understandably feel aggrieved at handing the government a slice of their hard-earned wealth. "Passing down a living inheritance is the most popular route and could be done via equity release, gifting, creating a trust, or via political or charitable donations. "The best course of action is to contact a financial advisor who will be able to explain all the options available to you in detail.”  Alex Davies CEO of Wealth Club said it's no longer just the rich who have to worry about inheritance tax. He said: "Contrary to what many think, inheritance tax doesn’t just affect the super-rich. "It will be the thousands of hardworking families to bear the brunt, as they get caught in the cross hairs of high property prices and frozen IHT allowances." However, there are a few legal loopholes people can take advantage of which would enable them to pay less inheritance tax. 10 legal ways to pay less inheritance tax: 