Meghan Markle, 41, and Prince Harry, 38, live in an £11million mansion in Montecito, which has just been impacted by heavy floods. Montecito put out a mudslide warning on the day the Duke of Sussex's long-awaited book Spare hit bookshelves. Located North of Los Angeles, the warnings saw Montecito's 9,000 residents ordered to leave their homes, alongside 14,000 others along the coast. Celebrities that live in Montecito like Ellen Degeneres took to social media to show the damaging floods which have heavily impacted the area. Harry was not believed to be at home at the time of the evacuation order, having travelled to New York with armed bodyguards to record The Late Show with Stephen Colbert as part of his book publicity tour.  It remains unknown whether the Duchess of Sussex was with him in New York, or at home with the couple's two children, Archie and Lilibet, in their Montecito mansion. READ MORE: Prince George shares a very special bond with his cousin through sport What does the home look like inside? An interior design specialist from Hi Spec Design, spoke to Express.co.uk to explain the recurring themes inside the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s home. They said: “The property itself is built very similarly to a European-style villa, and its interior reflects that as well. “Throughout the property, there is the recurring theme of traditional 18th-century design, with quite a lot of classic trends.  “It would be difficult to say if the property is more to Harry or Meghan’s influence. “Naturally, you would think that from the European traditional influence that it could be more Harry’s style, but it also fits perfectly with Meghan’s sophisticated aesthetic.” There are a lot of cream, white and gold interiors inside the Duke and Duchess’ home, which is evident from Zoom interviews they’ve done. What does this reveal about the couple’s tastes and personalities? READ MORE: Kate and William's new home is 'such a downsize' compared to Frogmore  The expert continued: “The white and cream are calming, neutral colours and the gold brings a little bit of extra special detail into the home, without being over the top. “Based on this, you could say that these neutral tones are a reflection of their personalities and that they do not like to be too 'flashy'.” During the Invictus Games, Prince Harry made it clear he and his family have firmly settled in California. He admitted: “Home for me now is for the time being... in the States and it feels that way.  “We’ve been welcomed with open arms and have a great community in Santa Barbara.” Photos reveal the Italian-inspired villa to house a games room, a gym, a library, a wine cellar, a cinema and much more. The royal couple also has a pool, a tennis court, a gym, a spa and a guest cottage for when Meghan’s mother Doria Ragland visits. With 7.4 acres, there is plenty of space for Archie and Lilibet, as well as Meghan and Harry’s dogs to play. 