Hotel heiress Paris Hilton, 41, posted a close-up picture of a baby gripping a manicured thumb to her Instagram on Tuesday. "You are already loved beyond words," the businesswoman penned alongside the sweet snap. US media outlet People have since reported that Paris and her husband Carter Reum, 41, had welcomed the child, a son, via surrogate. Celebrities including Kim Kardashian, and Chrissy Teigen congratulated the couple in gushing comments on the Instagram post. "So happy for you guys!" Kim replied. READ MORE:Lucy Alexander breaks silence on A Place In The Sun amid BBC exit Chrissy added: "A BABY!!!!! Congratulations so happy for you both!!” However, plenty of Paris’ fans were left taken aback by the announcement, as the star hadn’t revealed she was expecting a baby. littlemamalexi commented: “Congratulations! Omg!!!!! What a amazing surprise! Aaaaaaa I’m so happy for you! Congratulations Paris your going to be an amazing mama!”(sic) newearth.mama exclaimed: “Whhhhhaaaatttttttt mama.” Many fans simply commented with “OMG”, over the unexpected news. In a statement to PEOPLE, the Simple Life star addressed starting a family with husband for the first time. Paris also opened up on the love she and Carter share for their newborn son. “It's always been my dream to be a mother and I'm so happy that Carter and I found each other,” it read. DON'T MISSLisa Marie Presley's daughter Riley shares heartbreaking final photo[LATEST]Carol Vorderman smoulders in slow-mo video as she highlights curves[PICTURES]Escape to the Chateau's Dick and Angel break silence on show return[INSIGHT] “We are so excited to start our family together and our hearts are exploding with love for our baby boy.” Paris, who is the granddaughter of Hilton Hotels' founder Conrad Hilton, has been married to Carter since 2021. Carter already shares a 10-year-old daughter from a previous relationship with reality star Laura Bellizzi. Paris previously shared her desire to become a mum after starting in vitro fertilisation (IVF) back in mid-2020 before getting engaged to Carter. The Cooking with Paris star also denied that she was struggling to conceive a child. It came after her mother Kathy Hilton claimed the couple were having a hard time with their IVF journey. “I have tons of embryos that are waiting, we've been stocking up on a lot of them,” Paris subsequently insisted to TMZ. 