Tom Ellis endeared himself to Fox and Netflix viewers during Lucifer’s six-season run on the air as God’s (played by Dennis Haysbert) rebellious son who adapted to life on Earth. The series came to a close last year as Lucifer and Chloe Decker (Lauren German) got their happy ending and while Ellis has returned to screens since in a few voiceover roles, he has now shared his “excitement” at teaming up with his wife Meaghan Oppenheimer on her all-new Hulu series. Oppenheimer will helm the upcoming Hulu series Second Wife, teaming up with Tell Me Lies’ Emma Roberts once more. Roberts will star in the series and will now be joined by none other than Ellis who has also boarded as an executive producer. The romantic comedy-drama follows Roberts’ character Sasha who heads to London to start over following a break-up in New York. What follows is a rather fast-paced marriage to Ellis’ Jacob, leading to many a humorous and emotionally-charged scene between the two as their lives and histories come back to haunt them. READ MORE: The Last of Us fans left ‘sobbing’ as premiere kills off key character While this isn’t Oppenheimer and Roberts’ first team-up together, Second Wife does mark the first time Ellis has collaborated with his other half on an on-screen project. Needless to say, Ellis was quick to share his “excitement” with the world once the news broke. Taking to his Instagram page, he penned to his 9.7million followers: “I’m so so excited about teaming up with the ridiculously talented love of my life @moppyoppenheimer, “And the (also ridiculously talented) and wonderful @emmaroberts for this show!!!! So happy to be with you @belletrist @kpreiss and @hulu,” he added. It didn’t take long for a number of fans to congratulate Ellis on the landmark role, including some of his Lucifer co-stars. Dan Espinoza star Kevin Alejandro, who now stars in CBS’ Fire Country, wrote in response: “Congratulations TOM!! I can’t wait to see what you all create!” While Linda actor Rachael Harris echoed: “THIS IS MAJOR. So excited for you all,” followed by a love heart emoji. Inbar Lavi, the woman behind Lucifer’s brief love interest Eve in the Netflix drama, added: “Yassssssss,” followed by a series of fire emojis. DON'T MISS:The Blacklist fans fear cancellation as NBC shares season 10 shake-upVikings Valhalla’s Freydis star rushed to hospital after injury on setYellowstone’s Wes Bentley addresses Kayce’s loyalty ties in feud While Aimee Garcia concurred: “HELL. YES. Dream team. Congrats Tom! You guys are gonna kill it.” Ellis had also taken to Twitter to announce the news, penning: “Well this is exciting!!!!! I love you @MoppyOpps and I’m also incredibly fond of you @RobertsEmma @Belletristbooks @Karahpreiss and @hulu.” This prompted Lucifer showrunner Joe Henderson to praise: “HUGE CONGRATS to you guys,” followed by devil and crown emojis. While the milestone of working with Oppenheimer for the first time had fans excited, Second Wife isn’t the only Hulu role Ellis has in the pipeline. It was announced early in 2022 that Ellis would join Sterling K Brown in the limited series Washington Black. Elsewhere, he also has roles in Players and the animated TV series Exploding Kittens to come, according to IMDb. His CV already boasts roles in BBC’s Mirando, The CW’s The Flash, USA Network’s Rush and Robot Chicken. Lucifer seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Netflix now.