King Charles III will feel like he has "lost a son" following Prince Harry's "attacks" in his bombshell book, it has been claimed, with the Duke of Sussex warned the relationship with his father is now "irreparably damaged". Harry's controversial memoir, Spare, is now on sale throughout the world. But the book, as well as a round of TV interviews promoting it, has seen the prince launch a wave of stunning attacks against the Royal Family, with Camilla Queen Consort and Prince William coming in for particular criticism. Nile Gardiner, a Washington-based foreign policy expert and Royal Family enthusiast, believes Harry's memoir will have a "devastating impact" and warning there is now "no way of repairing it". He accused the Duke of Sussex of using "nasty language" and "vengeful words" in his book, also warning he has "burnt every last bridge with his own family". Mr Gardiner told Express.co.uk: "This book will have a devastating impact on the relationship between Harry and King Charles. The King will have been personally hurt by the especially nasty language used in the memoir. "There will be a lot of long-term damage in terms of the relationship between them and there is no way of repairing it. "I do think King Charles will feel like he has lost a son here. These are bitter and vengeful words in the memoir and Harry has adopted a scorched Earth policy where he has burnt every last bridge with his own family." The Royal Family enthusiast said he has been most struck by the level of vitriol put on paper towards Camilla - the wife of King Charles III since 2005. He warned: "Clearly, there is a deep-seated resentment that he has towards Camilla but this is the first time he has publicly and directly attacked her. His language will be immensely hurtful to King Charles. "More than anything, his attacks against Camilla will seal Harry's fate as a complete outsider from the Royal Family. For me, that was the most striking aspect in a whole wave of attacks. READ MORE: Harry’s memoir questioned as Air NZ debunk Thomas Markle flight claim "The direct strike on Camilla was unexpected and has irreparably damaged the relationship between Harry, Camilla and his own father." Mr Gardiner also believes Prince William will feel "hugely betrayed" by Harry's book, again adding the the relationship between the once close brothers is now "irreparably damaged". He continued: "This memoir is not only an attack among the monarchy and Royal Family, but also a direct attack on Prince William and Kate Middleton. William will see Harry's book as a knife in the back and an astonishing betrayal. The relationship between the two brothers is now irreparably damaged and there is no going back from this." In his book, Harry claims he and William "begged" King Charles not to marry the Camilla, while alleging the no-Queen Consort "sacrificed" him to improve her public image and leaked details of a conversation with his older brother. DON'T MISSKing Charles ‘furious’ over Harry’s nicknames for royal aides [LATEST]Meghan and Kate’s awkward interaction at major event after joke [REPORT]POLL: Should Prince Harry attend King Charles’ coronation? [OPINION] But during a bombshell interview with US show CBS's 60 Minutes, the Harry launched into his fiercest criticism yet of his stepmother of more than 17 years. He told interviewer Anderson Cooper: "She was the villain, she was a third person in the marriage, she needed to rehabilitate her image. "The need for her to rehabilitate her image...that made her dangerous because of the connections that she was forging within the British press. "And there was open willingness on both sides to trade information and with a family built on hierarchy, and with her on the way to being Queen Consort, there was going to be people or bodies left in the street because of that." Commenting on the section of his memoir where he claimed he and William begged the King not to marry Camilla, and Harry told Cooper: "We didn't think it was necessary. We thought it would do more harm than good." During an interview with ABC's Good Morning America, Harry claimed the Queen Consort "sacrificed me on her personal PR altar". In his book, Harry also claims William physically attacked him during a heated argument in 2019 about his wife Meghan Markle, before his older sibling returned a short while later and apologised. Harry alleged Meghan upset Kate by saying she must have "baby brain" in the days leading up to his wedding to the actress in 2018, adding the Princess of Wales demanded an apology and William pointed a finger at Meghan and called her "rude". The Duke also writes about the infamous fight between Meghan and Kate during a bridesmaids' dress fitting for Princess Charlotte, claiming he found his wife "on the floor" in tears after the fallout.