Arsenal may have moved quickly to sign Chelsea star Jorginho as the midfielder prepares to make a £12million move across the capital, but his past comments on the north London side suggest he has been interested in a switch for quite some time. The Italy international is poised to complete a dramatic switch on deadline day and head to the Emirates Stadium after the two clubs agreed a deal on Tuesday. The 31-year-old is set to join Mikel Arteta's side for their title challenge after the Premier League leaders agreed a fee early on deadline day. Jorginho is set to sign an 18-month contract with the option of a further year, bringing the curtain down on his five-year spell with Chelsea. It is not the first time that the Brazilian-born holding midfielder had been backed to swap west London for N7 after he was linked with a move in the summer of 2021. He eventually stayed with Chelsea despite flirting with the idea of leaving. And based on his complimentary remarks about Mikel Arteta's side, it should be no surprise that Jorginho is keen to join his new club after lavishing praise on the Gunners only a few months ago. READ MORE: Arsenal 'ready to sign both Moises Caicedo and Jorginho'  When asked if he was surprised about Arsenal's impressive form this season back in December, he told Sky Sports Italy: "Honestly no, you could see that the coach was creating a culture and a mentality for a certain type of football, so I knew they could do very, very well. "We had a friendly with them in July and immediately after the game I said that they would have done very well this year. "We'll see where they can go, but so far we just have to congratulate them. In any case, they're not a surprise for me." DON'T MISSArsenal seal new contract with Martinelli despite Barcelona interestArsenal recommended 'better options' after Moises Caicedo bid rejectedArsenal receive Thomas Partey injury results in title race relief   Arsenal have taken the Premier League by storm after several years of restructuring under Arteta. The Spaniard oversaw eighth-placed finishes in his first two seasons at the club, before the north London side secured Europa League football last season by finishing fifth. But there is optimism in and around the club that their 19-year wait for a league title could be over with a five-point gap over reigning champions Manchester City. Arsenal also have a game in hand over their title rivals, with a double league clash pencilled in for the second half of the season. Jorginho, a £57m buy from Napoli in 2018, won the Champions League with Chelsea in 2021 and clinched his first silverware with the club with the Europa League in 2019 after helping the Blues beat Arsenal 4-1 in Baku. Now, he will be helping Arsenal and Arteta in their quest for glory. 