Manchester United could be preparing a surprise swoop for former Arsenal and Chelsea striker Olivier Giroud in the January transfer window. Erik ten Hag is reportedly eyeing the AC Milan frontman as a short-term boost for his thin attacking options. Giroud is nearing the end of his contract at the San Siro and could be tempted by a Premier League return after a successful hiatus. He scored 144 goals in 372 games and won nine trophies across 10 years in England before joining Milan in the summer of 2021. The 36-year-old's winning habits continued in his first season in Italy, helping Stefano Pioli guide the Rossoneri to the Serie A title. His final-third exploits haven't slowed down on the international stage, winning the 2018 World Cup with France before becoming the nation's all-time top goalscorer at the 2022 tournament in Qatar - netting 53 times in 120 caps. And Ten Hag is said to be interested in bringing his experience and scoring touch to Old Trafford to reinforce his attacking ranks. According to The Times, Giroud is on United's radar as the club seek a short-term fix after Cristiano Ronaldo's exit in November. JUST IN: Man Utd 'plotting £194m double swoop' after Fernandez disappointment  United are scouring the loan and cut-price market this month amid intensifying talk of the Glazers' plans to sell the club in the first quarter of 2023. And Giroud has emerged as an enticing option to share the striker workload with Anthony Martial for at least the remainder of the 2022/23 campaign. However, the report adds that the Frenchman is expecting Milan to offer him a new contract before his current deal expires this summer. And given the European giants' Champions League status and his success in Italy so far, he would be obliged to extend his stay. Giroud has registered 23 goals and nine assists in 57 appearances for Milan, showing no sign of slowing down in his twilight years. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag may have made mind up on recalling Amad  But many United fans will be keen to see the club move away from the trend of signing veteran strikers for a short-term fix. Edinson Cavani and Cristiano Ronaldo were successes in their first seasons after joining in recent years but became problems in the second. Odion Ighalo's arrival was as panicked as a signing could be, despite his popularity on the terraces due to his admitted United fandom. Ten Hag needs a long-term goalscorer who can lead the line for the duration of his rebuild, but it's no surprise an option of Giroud's ilk while his striker selection is limited has grabbed his attention. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here