More than ever we have the opportunity to be a low tax, high growth economy with world-beating public services. But instead our country is in crisis. We have the highest taxes for 70 years. The highest Government spending in 50 years. Immigration is out of control. Crime is at all-time highs. We have record NHS waiting lists. And the energy crisis has made millions poorer, colder, and hungrier. After 12 years of Tory failure, Britain is utterly broken. But, I assure you, it doesn’t have to be like this. Don’t believe me? In Denmark, Hungary, Italy, and many more countries around the world there are almost no health care waiting lists. We deserve the best. And Reform UK has already announced our plan to solve the health and social care crisis. Our plan to stop illegal immigration is also ready to go. But we need to fix every part of broken Britain, and with proper leadership, proper management, and proper direction we can. That means making work pay and mending our broken benefits system. I have spoken with too many good businesses who tell me their employees are resigning to go on benefits. This tragic waste of talent is the tip of the iceberg. The number of people on out-of-work benefits is at record highs of 5.2 million. That is 1.5 million more than pre-covid levels. More than two million people are on in-work benefits. That’s businesses being subsidised by you, the tax-payer. Yet Government and big business want to import more cheap, low-skilled labour. It’s sheer madness. They have abandoned communities around the country where being out of work has become a way of life. Long-term unemployment damages mental health locks people into poverty and destroys communities. The Government won’t stop this, but we will. First, we will make work pay with a huge lift in the income tax starting threshold, from £12,571 to £20,000. This will free up six million of the poorest from income tax. It also means many on low incomes will keep £30 more per week. That’s how you make work pay. This will cost 40 billion net per annum and help reduce inflation. Then we will motivate, train, and up-skill two million people on benefits to return to work. We have so much home-grown talent, so many fantastic young people in this country. They deserve access to the skills and support to build great careers. This will save £30-£40 billion over two years and help pay for our tax threshold rise. We will balance these savings further by cutting Government waste. This combines with our Health and Social Care Plan that pulls patient-facing staff out of basic rate income tax completely for three years. Just think of the impact this would have. Strikes would end, staff would be retained and more staff recruited. The savings would be massive. What’s Labour’s answer to this national emergency? Close independent schools by adding VAT on fees. They are completely clueless. We will get rid of the benefits trap once and for all. Never again will one in eight people of working age live on out-of-work benefits. For the lowest paid and least well off, we will make work pay. So 2023 is a year for optimism. A time for bold, new leadership and real solutions. It is also a time to remind ourselves that the British people hold the key to our future, not the Government. A general election may only be a year away and for the first time in generations we will have a choice. Reform UK are ready.