Series three of the BBC crime drama will come to an end on February 5 with Tommy Lee Royce (played by James Norton) and Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire) hopefully coming face to face one final time. James Norton has opened up on the "tense" finale and praised writer Sally Wainwright for the "melancholic" ending which is set to play out. The finale of Happy Valley is being tightly kept under wraps with not many of the cast up to date about how it will end. Main characters Sarah Lancashire and James Norton are the only two cast members who have been given the script for the last episode. James has recently teased a few details on the emotional finale to come and added it is set to defy “all expectations.” He explained: "Everyone I've spoken to who has read it is like 'phew'. It's just great. READ MORE: Prince Andrew is 'using 'Harry's attacks' to 'clear his name' "It's Sally [Wainwright] letting rip in her wonderful way. Going against expectation, but also giving you what you want. I loved reading it.” James added to The Mirror: "There's also a little bit of melancholy tinge there because it's the end of a very significant chapter for everyone." There was a seven-year gap between series one and series three due to Sally wanting Rhys Connah, who plays Ryan Cawood, to continue as the character. James reflected on how much Tommy had evolved over the years and how his relationship with Ryan has developed. He explained: "I think people change in seven years, Tommy obviously has a lot of trauma. We've looked a lot into his mental health and what it is that drives him forward. “Tommy has moved on and grown and matured, and in some ways has calmed. He has this Jesus complex. He's a new man. "There's this other side of it where you feel kind of invincible because he doesn't care what people think about him. "There's something incredibly empowering about that playing the bad man - intriguing, always playing the kind of subversive dark criminal mind." DON'T MISS...Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital  [LATEST]Linda Bassett's age explained as she takes Call the Midwife spotlight [INSIGHT]Whoopi Goldberg forces The View to go off air after row [WATCH] Fans of the show have been theorising what they think will happen in the latest episode, with many suggesting a double death for Catherine and Tommy is on the cards. Taking to Reddit, @mercia2022 expressed: "So here’s where I’m currently at: I think both Tommy Lee Royce and Catherine will die. I think she may kill herself and take him with her as to Catherine it would be worth it to know he was gone. "Maybe a face-off with a fight ending with both her and Tommy falling from a tall building as bungee jumping keeps being mentioned." They added: "I think this would reference Ann Gallagher referring to her as Godly in an earlier series. God obviously committed the ultimate sacrifice and we’ve all noticed Tommy clearly sporting the image of Christ earlier in S3 with the long locks and head scar! "Catherine’s ultimate sacrifice would be her life and fits with her character, she sacrificed everything for Ryan and her life has somewhat been devoted to him so would make sense for her to do that." (sic) @alim_777 agreed and said: "This is different to my theory - but I'm buying it. Especially when you refer back to series one when Catherine's on death's door, she has a vision of her daughter asking her to join her. "She obviously wakes up, but this series might end with her joining her daughter. There have been a few nudges towards Catherine dying at the end of this series. "Although I'm hoping it's just the writers messing with us! My theory is that it will end up being Ryan who finishes off Tommy whilst defending his amazing Granny." (sic) Happy Valley airs Sunday from 9pm on BBC One.