There’s drama ahead for Stacey Slater (played by Lacey Turner) and her family in 2023 after she learned her daughter Lily (Lillia Turner) is pregnant. In Monday night’s EastEnders, Stacey broke the news to the youngster she was expecting a child and was keen to find out who the father was. However, Lily remained tight-lipped and insisted it didn’t matter. But with the police investigating Lily’s pregnancy to see if she was abused, fans have been desperate to work out who the father is. There’s been speculation young Ricky Mitchell (Frankie Day), Freddie Slater (Bobby Brazier) and Denzel Danes (Jaden Ladega) could all be the father. There have been several clues which point to each of the three boys being the father. However, with Lily refusing to address the situation, fans will have to wait a bit longer to find out. READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' father of Lily Slater's baby in DNA twist Many fans are certain it is Ricky after he has been repeatedly heard saying he was “off to see a mate”. BBC viewers have concluded he has been sneaking off to see Lily and the pair have had sex. Ricky has been through a lot on the BBC soap recently with his home life turned upside down. Most recently his mother Sam Mitchell (Kim Medcalf) returned while his father Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) has been ignoring him. Staff theorised on Twitter: “On more than one occasion there have been little moments with ricky where he sneaks off quietly, leading me to believe that he is the father of lily’s baby. #eastenders.” Freddie returned to Albert Square after years away determined to find out who is father was. He has quickly become part of the Slater family given that Kat (Jessie Wallace) is his auntie and Little Mo (Kacey Ainsworth) was his mother. Viewers are worried Freddie will be revealed as the father of Lily’s baby as he is 18, which would mean he assaulted the young girl. Freddie and Lily have spent a lot of time around one another recently, which has prompted the concern from fans. Melissa Aimee posted on Twitter: “I really hope they didn’t bring Freddie’s character back to make him Lily’s baby father #EastEnders.” Denzel is the son of of Delilah and Howie Danes (Delroy Atkinson) and first made an appearance in August 2022. He is yet to have any major storylines so it could be bosses are lining up Denzel to be part of Lily’s baby plot. Denzel recently had a crush on Amy Mitchell (Ellie Dadd) and the pair had planned to have sex but Lily talked her friend out of it. Fans are now speculating Denzel could have turned his attention to Lily with Ryan Glendenning posting: “OMG I hope Denzel isn't the father of Lilly's baby. That would be such a stab in the back for Amy and would be well and truly Heartbreaking. #EastEnders.” Speaking about the storyline, actress Lacey said her character will try to build Lily’s trust to work out who the father is. She explained: “Stacey is treading on eggshells. She needs to find out from Lily how this happened, who the father is, and all the details. “But to do that, she needs to build trust with Lily, and if her daughter wants it to be a secret, then Stacey will keep it secret. “That’s why she doesn’t confide in Martin because she’s just trying to get the information and build that trust and not break it.” EastEnders airs Monday - Thursday on BBC One at 7.30pm.