In light of the New Year, people are taking on new resolutions to have better control over their finances. Many households are taking on money challenges in 2023 to change habits and boost their savings. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, experts from RCI Bank are highlighting the many ways people can save hundreds of pounds a year. Tafari Smith, the head of savings at RCI Bank, shared how the once pence challenge is beneficial for those looking to have a better relationship with their money. She explained: “Savings challenges can make saving feel much easier by having you save a little regularly. “A popular one is the one pence challenge, which is when you save a single penny on the first day, two pence on the second day, three pence on the third day, and so on. “Over a full year you will save around £670. Perhaps a more manageable challenge is to set up recurring standing orders to save a tenner in the first month. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come “Then £20 in the second month, £30 in the third month, and so on, which is nearly £780 before interest saved over a full year. Whatever challenge you decide – consistency is key.” According to the finance expert, budgeting is an “obvious” but vital way in which people can better manage their money and acquire significant savings. Setting up an Excel spreadsheet which highlights your household’s expenditure, as well as your personal spending, is useful for tracking finances. Using this format, families can link back to their bank accounts and credit cards to help see where peoples’ money is going. Another way people can save money is by switching providers for contracts on utilities, according to the bank. Shopping around and switching deals for insurance, broadband, mobile phone and televsion contracts may save families hundreds of pounds. Furthermore, Ms Smith noted that getting rid of unnecessary apps and streaming subscriptions can also help people put away a lot of money. As well as this, the finance expert highlighted how changing habits related to online shopping can also help families looking to save. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing This money challenge is referred to as the ‘24-hour rule’ and encourages people to be conscious of their online purchases. Ms Smith explained: “It’s no secret that it is far more tempting to buy more things online than at a store. “This means you also know how easy it is to constantly visit your favourite online shop to see their latest offers and products. “The solution to avoid those impulse purchases you may regret later down the line is to impose a 24-hour limit from when you’ve added items to your cart to when you buy them. “Nine times out of 10, upon reflection, you will decide you don’t need them after all. “If you do, keep an eye out for the emails sent out by your favourite brands containing discount codes. “These can help you to save money on those items you do decide to purchase.” These finance tips money challenges come as savers are seeing less and less returns on their savings due to the cost of living crisis and rampant inflation.