Brighton have reportedly told Moises Caicedo to stay away from training as he targets a move to Arsenal before the transfer deadline. The Gunners have already seen one offer for the midfielder rejected. Yet they're now planning a second bid as they seek reinforcements late in the window. Arsenal are on course to win a first Premier League title since 2004, with Mikel Arteta’s side flying at present. And they want to land Caicedo from Brighton to boost their chances of going all the way, with the Ecuador international desperate to make the move. On Friday, the midfielder went public with his desire to leave Brighton for Arsenal - with his mind appearing to be made up. And Fabrizio Romano has now claimed Caicedo has failed to show for Brighton training on Saturday, with the club allegedly giving him time off as he looks to force through a move. “EXCL: Moises Caicedo didn’t turn up for training today — he wants leave immediately. Caicedo could also miss tomorrow’s game,” he said on Twitter. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Understand Arsenal are expected to improve their bid, after £60m revealed yesterday. “Chelsea offered £55m — rejected too.” In his statement on Friday, Caicedo implored Brighton to let him go - insisting his transfer fee would be good for the club, while the lure of playing for Arsenal is too tough to turn down. He said: “I am grateful to Mr. Bloom and Brighton for giving me the chance to come to the Premier League and I feel I have always done my best for them. “I always play football with a smile and with heart. “I am the youngest of 10 siblings from a poor upbringing in Santa Domingo in Ecuador. “My dream always to be the most decorated player in the history of Ecuador. “I am proud to be able to bring in a record transfer fee for Brighton which would allow them to reinvest it and help the club continue to be successful. “The fans have taken me into their hearts and they will always be in my heart so I hope they can understand why I want to take up this magnificent opportunity.” Brighton, however, have made it clear they want Caicedo to stay and claim he won’t be allowed to leave the Amex Stadium this month. And it’s a saga that is now poised to go to the wire. Brighton would struggle to replace their key midfielder should he leave now, especially with the close of the transfer window less than a week away. Yet money talks in football and, should Arsenal improve their bid to a huge amount, the Seagulls may cash in. Caicedo had been expected to feature in Brighton’s FA Cup clash with Liverpool on Sunday as they look to make it to the fifth round of the competition. However, in the wake of this development, he'll now miss out - with The Athletic adding he's been told to stay away from the club until the transfer window closes. Arsenal are eyeing Caicedo as a replacement for the injured Thomas Partey. The Ghana international is settee have an MRI scan over the weekend after taking a blow to the ribs in his side’s 1-0 defeat to Manchester City on Friday. And Arteta confirmed Arsenal would look to the transfer market to fill the void left by any potential absence. “We have some necessities and if something else is available, the club is willing to try to do it when it is reasonable,” he stated. “And hopefully it’s a player that can improve our squad.”