As far as potential audiences go for a fightback performance one packed with NHS workers during a protracted pay dispute and strikes may not have been the obvious pick for a Prime Minister staring at a 21 point deficit to Labour in the polls. But Mr Sunak - who may have mentioned at least five times that he came from "an NHS family" - seemed at home, relaxed, engaged and engaging during a session which went on for more than an hour. The audience, some of whom may have recently been on picket lines, seemed to genuinely warm to the Prime Minister as he went into remarkably well briefed detail on the minutiae of NHS life and its difficulties. The event took place in Red Wall Darlington - a seat won off Labour in 2019 which the Tories need to hold on to. But, at the same time, the questions and answers underlined that Mr Sunak is in deep trouble. He is a Prime Minister with little room for manoeuvre. The first four questions were all essentially the same: "Can you provide more for x?" - "x" being whichever issue the particular individual faced, from community pharmacies to student nurse support. The fourth question finally got on to the issue on everybody's minds: "When are you going to pay nurses properly?" The protracted and lengthy answer from Mr Sunak had all the hallmarks of a man who had been practising for that moment in front of a mirror for some time. Let's be fair he knew it was coming.  But it was not just waffle, the answer was quite revealing. "I would love to give you a massive pay rise," he said with a smile, possibly a little disingenuously. But then he started wheeling out the reasons it won't happen - he needs to bring down inflation, if he increases pay it takes money from other areas in the NHS pie and so on. However, the most crucial quote was: "Where we are with taxes at the moment, we cannot put them up any more - we need to be getting them down." He cannot tax more, he cannot borrow more, the country is riddled with debt - this is not a man who can spend or even tax cut himself out of trouble. Most of all though he knows that - with allies of Boris Johnson and other disaffected Tory MPs hovering - if he allows his trigger happy Chancellor Jeremy Hunt to increase taxes further then he will struggle to cling on to power. Such is the tenuous grip of a man who was essentially an appointee with no electoral mandate at the back end of the year of the three prime ministers. Maybe though the sign above the Prime Minister's head gave the real answer to his problems. The backdrop had his five pledges listed but only number 5 came up on the TV screen: "Stop the boats".  READ MORE: Tory civil war erupts as Zahawi's allies lash out at Sunak An unspoken issue in this NHS news conference but what better way to save money and ease the strain on the NHS than take back control of Britain's borders? But for the Prime Minister, it would be helpful though if Conservative MPs paid all their taxes and the scandal involving Zahawi, sacked yesterday after having to pay £4.8 million in unpaid taxes and penalties to HMRC, hung over the event. "I acted quickly and decisively," the Prime Minister insisted when pressed on the issue by journalists but addressing the NHS audience in front of him rather than the cameras. "I believe in integrity," he added. DON'T MISS Hero British peer praised for rescuing 103 Afghan women lawyers [REVEAL] Hunt has gone from Christmas tax Grinch to beacon of Brexit hope [INSIGHT] POLL – Who should be appointed as Tory Party Chair? [REACT] And it is fair to say that the sleaze which has enveloped his government pre-dates his arrival in Downing Street - although this is a man who has now had two fixed penalty fines while holding senior office. No wonder he has preferred the Downing Street bunker to breaking out in the open. Too many of his own MPs think it is "uninspiring" or "government by boredom". His five pledges have been described as "virtually nothing". So just 100 days in Rishi Sunak needs to do many more of these events if somehow he is to regain trust among Britain's disappointed electorate.   