Barcelona boss Xavi has made it clear he does not want forward Memphis Depay to depart the club this January amid reports he could be in line for a shock return for Manchester United. The Dutchman is out of contract in the summer but Xavi still sees value in the attacker between now and the end of the season, handing Depay the chance to remain in Catalonia. Earlier this season, there looked to be no room for Depay at Barca but after a credible turnaround, a January move is no longer a formality. United are understood to be keen on bringing the 28-year-old back to the Premier League but they are yet to launch a move for Depay. And now Xavi has poured cold water on the idea of the player departing mid-season, stating he does not want to weaken his options. “I don’t want anyone to leave. I’m delighted with the squad," Xavi said. "It seems there won’t be a market for us. I’m happy with Depay. "His attitude is good and he will be important for us. He has the ability to make a difference. He’ll have minutes. Like all of them.” Depay's season has been disrupted by injury, having only made two appearances in La Liga this term. But the forward is now back in action after making his return at the World Cup with the Netherlands. United are in the market for another attacking player having offloaded Cristiano Ronaldo in November on a free transfer. Erik ten Hag is looking for a versatile forward capable of playing in multiple positions across the club's frontline. Marcus Thuram is also believed to be of interest while Randal Kolo Muani has also been linked with a move to Old Trafford. There has been some suggestion that United only have the funds to explore the loan market, however. The club went on a much-needed spending spree in the summer to back their new head coach, meaning this winter could be a balancing act. United are still currently stacked with forward options but more quality could be required in order to nail down a top-four finish. Ten Hag has already ruled out the idea of recalling Amad from his loan spell at Sunderland despite his red-hot form. Meanwhile, Facundo Pellistri could depart after he featured in all three of Uruguay's matches at the World Cup.