Derek Roan, 71, starred on BBC Two show This Farming Life, which follows the struggles and triumphs of very different farming families in beautiful and remote landscapes. The farmer died in hospital following the tragic accident which took place in June as an inquiry into his death is due to begin. The accident happened last year and involved livestock at his family farm near Dalbeattie, Dumfries and Galloway. Emergency services were called to the farm on June 19 and Derek was quickly rushed from Barnbarroch Farm to Dumfries and Galloway Royal Infirmary, but nothing could be done to save the grandad-of-six. Derek's family paid tribute to the late family at the time, as they released an official statement via their farm firm, Roan's Dairy. They said: "We are totally devastated and still in shock at what has happened and it will take some time for us to come to terms of not having him around. READ MORE: Jeremy Renner returns home from hospital in 'long road to recovery' "All Derek's hard work was for his two passions in life - his family and his farms. "Derek was well known within the farming community and many other circles. He will be sadly missed by all." The website for Roan's Dairy still includes snaps of Derek on the family farm with his loved ones. "Granny and Papa Roan [Derek] live at Barnbarroch and are very much involved in the day to day running of the farms," a picture of the family in the "Who's who" section is captioned.  "Stuart and Aylett farm at Barnbarroch with their 2 sons Fergus and Fraser. The cows at Barnbarroch are milked by two Lely Robots which means the cows come and go as they please to get milk, giving them a much freedom to munch on lush green grass." Derek's death is now being investigated to determine what exactly happened. A Fatal Accident Inquiry (FAI) is to be held to examine the circumstances around the farmer's tragic passing, it's been reported. Les Brown, Procurator Fiscal for the Dumfries and Galloway district, issued a notice of an FAI, with a first hearing to be held at Dumfries Sheriff Court in March. DON'T MISS... Britney Spears shares snaps of ex Justin Timberlake before deleting[LATEST]Amanda Owen talks of 'pressures' on relationship with ex-husband Clive[INTERVIEW]Love Island’s Shaughna Phillips seen with baby daddy for first time[LOVE ISLAND] A statement from Police Scotland issued at the time of Derek's death said: “On Monday, 20 June 2022, we were made aware of the death of a 71-year-old man in Dumfries and Galloway Royal Infirmary. "The death is not being treated as suspicious and a report has been submitted to the Procurator Fiscal." Derek, who appeared in the BBC documentary about farming, was chairman of Colvend and Southwick Community Council. Vice-chairman Simon Pain said at the time his friend had died from a "stock-related injury" and said the farmer was "well liked and well respected in our community", describing him as a "leading light". NFU (National Farmers' Union) Scotland president Martin Kennedy said the union had lost a "real stalwart". Regional chairman Colin Ferguson said his loss had "sent shock waves through the region and beyond". The Roan family has been milking pedigree Holstein cows at Barnbarroch for six generations. They run two dairy farms in the Stewartry at Barnbarroch and Boreland of Colvend and also operate a milk delivery service across Dumfries and Galloway.