Snake plants are known for their long, sword-like leaves which are stiff and dark green with either white or yellow stripes. They are attractive plants that don’t need much in the way of care. The indoor plant likes bright sunlight but can also survive in lower light levels. They also don’t need a lot of water, making them perfect for forgetful waterers and those looking for a low-maintenance houseplant. However, the fact they don’t need a lot of watering can be a problem for those who are known to over-water their plants. Snake plants are succulents which means they store water in their foliage. This means the soil does not need to be kept damp. When the plant is actively growing, aim to water it when the soil is “dry to the touch”, according to gardening expert John Negus of Amateur Gardening magazine. READ MORE: ‘Brilliant’ 95p spray to remove tough oven glass stains in 5 minutes However, in the winter months these plants hardly need watering at all - once a month is more than enough. So how can you tell when your snake plant needs a good water? Houseplant expert Vladan Nikolic suggests using a chopstick. The chopstick can be used as a gauge to check the dampness of the soil before you start dousing the plant in water. He suggested gently pushing the chopstick all the way to the bottom of the pot. If the chopstick is clean and dry, it needs a good water. DON'T MISSUnblock toilets easily using simple DIY method - ‘nothing else works’ [INSIGHT]7 methods to stay warm at night without heating as temperatures drop [UPDATE]'Best' method to clean damp walls to make mould 'disappear'  [ANALYSIS] If there's soil stuck to it and it’s damp, it doesn’t need water and should be left. John warned gardeners “not to over-water” snake plants as this can cause “the root and base of the plant to rot”. Yellow leaves are a sign you may be over-watering your snake plant. However, brown and crispy leaves are a sign your plant needs a good drink. READ MORE: Alan Titchmarsh shares ‘best’ hellebores to grow for attractive blooms Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Snake plants need good drainage so their roots don’t become waterlogged which is why it’s imperative your snake plant is planted in a pot with drainage holes. The type of pot your plant is in will also have an impact on how often it needs to be watered, according to Vladan. He said snake plants in terracotta pots need to be watered more often as the clay of the pot will absorb some of the moisture from the soil. Snake plants in glazed or plastic pots won’t need watering as often, according to the expert. Room-temperature rainwater is the best for snake plants as it contains fewer chemicals. Watering plants with tepid water also lessens the chance of your plants being shocked. You can water your plant using a watering can, avoiding watering the leaves and allowing the water to pool in the middle of the plant. Alternatively, you can put the plant’s pot in a tray of water for around 10 minutes, allowing the water to soak into the plant’s roots.