Rod Stewart bought his luxurious 10 bedroom 18th century house on the edge of Epping Forest, Essex in 2013 but didn't move in until 2016. Since then, the 77-year-old legend has made some serious renovations to his home. Located in the town of Harlow, Rod lives with his wife Penny Lancaster and their sons Aiden and Alastair. Located close to London, Stansted Airport and Cambridge, it’s easy to get to thanks to excellent rail and road links. Situated in the west of Essex, England, Harlow is founded as a new town, and occupies a large area of land on the south bank of the upper Stort Valley, which has been made navigable through other towns and features a canal section near its watermill. Winding its way through Harlow, the River Stort was once a thriving commercial route for barges carrying grain to Bishop's Stortford. Today, it's a great route for country walks and heritage trails. The development of Harlow was based on neighbourhoods and integrating green spaces which connect to the surrounding countryside and waterways. As a result, one third of Harlow is green space. READ MORE: Danny Dyer’s quiet life with wife Joanne in cosy rural Essex village One of the largest urban parks in the country, Harlow Town Park covers over 160 acres of beautiful green space. With so much to explore and a number of events for all the family throughout the year, Harlow Town Park is a favourite of both locals and visitors. The park was even named among the 10 best green spaces in the country for the first time in the Green Flag People’s Choice 2019 Awards, which is a sign that it holds the highest possible environmental standards. Surrounded by beautiful rolling countryside close to the border with Hertfordshire, there are period homes in Old Harlow and the villages surrounding the Essex town. DON'T MISS‘Worst’ tip to water orchids as roots ‘take a hit’ - how to avoid [EXPERT]‘Problematic’ garden trends to ‘avoid’ or risk ‘dire consequences’ [COMMENT]Six ‘exceptional’ houseplants for removing mould and condensation [INSIGHT] Living in Harlow is a popular choice for many buyers as the average house price for the area is relatively low. According to Rightmove, properties in Harlow had an overall average price of £348,297 over the last year. The majority of sales in Harlow during the last year were terraced properties, selling for an average price of £328,792. Flats sold for an average of £204,118, with semi-detached properties fetching £410,461. Overall, sold prices in Harlow over the last year were one percent up on the previous year and five percent up on the 2020 peak of £331,122. This price indicates good value when likened to many regions of the UK, especially compared to London. READ MORE: Phil Spencer shares the ‘cheapest’ UK places to buy a house right now The average price for a property in London is a hefty £718,731. Last year most property sales in London involved flats which sold for on average £550,886. Terraced properties sold for an average price of £824,216, while semi-detached properties fetched £806,668. With cheaper properties readily available, living in Harlow is understandably an appealing opportunity for many buyers. The lowest priced property currently listed on Rightmove is a one bedroom apartment on sale with a guide price of £110,000, situated close to all local amenities. The most expensive property currently listed is a six bedroom detached house, with a guide price of £1,125,000. According to the listing, those who buy the property will benefit from a large plot as the house spans over 3291 square feet and has been completely re-decorated throughout. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Living in Harlow ensures their residents have access to a range of excellent shopping options. Much of Harlow has undergone major redevelopment. The town centre was one of the very first to be totally pedestrianised. Residents have access to a huge range of places to shop and eat ideal for relaxing and spending time with friends and family. Each individual neighbourhood has its own smaller local shopping areas, however, when it comes to serious retail there is a choice of two main centres. The Water Gardens is a large complex set in landscaped gardens with tranquil ponds and water fountains. It has over 30 stores providing a good selection of fashion, jewellery, and shoe shops. There is also a large Asda, a Barclays bank, a gym as well as an abundance of places to grab a bite to eat. The Harvey Centre is the largest, busiest, and most comprehensive shopping mall in Harlow - home to 60 well-known retailers and eateries.