Sheffield will be the latest city to introduce a Clean Air Zone to help slash its emissions rates and improve the air quality in the city. The CAZ will be launching on Monday, February 27, 2023 and will cover the inner ring road and city centre. This will include a number of buildings belonging to the University of Sheffield and Sheffield Hallam University as well as other popular areas of the city. It is a class C chargeable zone for the most polluting large goods vehicles, vans, buses, coaches and taxis that drive within the inner ring road and city centre. Polluting vans, LGVs and taxis will be charged £10 per day, while non-compliant coaches, buses, lorries and HGVs will see a £50 charge. Due to the cost of living crisis, all local light-good vehicles and hackney carriage taxis will be exempt until June 5, 2023. READ MORE: Drivers should fill fuel tanks to the brim or risk costly damage Payments for the CAZ need to be made online and if payments are not made within seven days, additional penalty charges may apply. The funding from the zone can only be spent on the costs to run the zone, and projects to reduce air pollution in Sheffield. Early notice letters were sent out at the end of last year to make drivers aware of the changes and advise them of their options. Data from Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) cameras was gathered in November 2022 for the purpose of identifying vehicles that would be charged when the CAZ C zone goes live. DON'T MISS10 classic cars becoming tax and MOT exempt in 2023 - including BMW [INSIGHT]'Criminal' petrol and diesel prices prompt 30 MPs to demand watchdog [SHOCKING]Highway Code changes may lead to fines for drivers unsure of rules [WARNING] The number plate read accuracy of the ANPR cameras is approximately 98 percent, meaning there may be a small number of people who received a letter incorrectly. Councillor Terry Fox, leader of Sheffield Council, commented on the launch of the CAZ, saying: “This affects all of us. "It is particularly felt by children and the vulnerable and it reduces life expectancy and causes premature death. “It is a serious issue that requires serious action. We have sought to enact highway measures where we can to improve air quality, but this is not enough and we are legally mandated by the Government to enact a CAZ.” READ MORE: Popular 'first' cars could disappear from UK roads in three years He added that after years of work, Sheffield had “one of the most generous packages available” to any local authority. The Council is urging owners of non-compliant vehicles to make themselves aware of the local exemptions and financial support available. Eligible businesses and residents may be able to apply for financial support to upgrade to cleaner vehicles. Financial support is available in the form of a grant, an interest-subsidised loan or a mix of the two. If someone replaced a polluting vehicle after October 26, 2021, they may be eligible for a retrospective grant. this would cover a proportion of what they paid for the new cleaner vehicle, with further details on the scheme expected to be unveiled soon. It is the second Clean Air Zone to launch this year after the Tyneside (Newcastle and Gateshead) CAZ, where charging was introduced on January 30. The CAZ in Greater Manchester is still under consideration after clean air leaders scrapped plans for a dedicated charging zone. It remains to be seen what form the Clean Air Zone will take and when it will launch.