Prince Harry has raged he "wants a family not an institution" and claimed the royals have shown "absolutely no willingness to reconcile" in another explosive interview. ITV has released a 20-second teaser clip ahead of Harry: The Interview, an exclusive discussion with Tom Bradby that will broadcast on Sunday at 9pm. The clip contains a number of short and sharp comments from the Duke of Sussex, raising fears of more bombshell attacks against the Royal Family. The bombshell interview will also broadcast just two days before Harry's hotly-anticipated memoir, Spare, is released across the world. Harry says in several short clips combined into the 20-second clip on ITV's Twitter page: "It never needed to be this way. The leaking and the planting... "I want a family not an institution. They feel as though it's better, somehow, to keep us as the villains. "They've shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile. I would like to get my father back. I would like to have my brother back." Mr Bradby, who presents ITV News at Ten and is a former royal correspondent, previously interviewed Harry and his wife Meghan Markle for a documentary about their 2019 Africa tour. He spoke about his relationship with Prince William, saying: "We’re brothers, we’ll always be brothers. We’re certainly on different paths at the moment. But I will always be there for him, as I know he’ll always be there for me." The comments came months before the announcement they would be relinquishing their roles as working members of the Royal Family because of the couple relocating from the UK to the US. Harry is giving another explosive TV interview in the US prior to the release of his book, which also airs on Sunday. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry use Oprah comment to moan about size of royal cottage  The Duke speaks to Anderson Cooper on CBS News' 60 Minutes programme in which he launches more furious attacks against the Royal Family. In a short clip from the US interview, Harry claims "silence is betrayal" over the alleged failure of Buckingham Palace to defend him and Meghan before they stepped down as senior members of the Royal Family. He says: "Every single time I've tried to do it privately, there have been briefings and leakings and planting of stories against me and my wife. The family motto is 'never complain, never explain', but it's just a motto. "They (Buckingham Palace) will feed or have a conversation with a correspondent, and that correspondent will literally be spoon-fed information and write the story, and at the bottom of it, they will say they have reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment. But the whole story is Buckingham Palace commenting. DON'T MISSQueen was 'distinctly disgruntled' after 'disastrous' New Year's Eve [COMMENTS]Harry's relationship with William 'hangs by thread' over memoir [LATEST]Harry and Meghan are 'lost souls' after polling blasts docuseries [REACTION]    "So when we're being told for the last six years, 'we can't put a statement out to protect you', but you do it for other members of the family, there becomes a point when silence is betrayal." Buckingham Palace has been dealing with the fallout from Harry and Meghan's documentary series on Netflix, which was last month. The royals will now also be bracing for the release of Harry's memoir, which has been billed as a book of "raw, unflinching honesty". An insider said his father King Charles III will escape the brunt of the criticism in the memoir despite his rocky relationship with his youngest son. But the insider said the book will be "tough" on older brother Prince William, while Kate, Princess of Wales, could also reportedly come under fire. The source with knowledge of the memoir told The Sunday Times: "Charles comes out of it better than I had expected, but it’s tough on William, in particular, and even Kate gets a bit of a broadside. "There are these minute details, and a description of the fight between the brothers. I personally can’t see how Harry and William will be able to reconcile after this."