Fraudsters are able to gain access of people's mobile banking, resulting in a loss of thousands depending on what they do in someone's name. Victim Jacopo de Simone had the mobile phone taken from his pocket, but it was locked and password protected. However with sophisticated technology , thieves were able to access the smartphone's apps and swindle £22,500 from his accounts. He explained that heartbreakingly, within hours, his bank accounts had been drained. Speaking to Birmingham Live he said: “I found both my current account and savings accounts had been drained of £22,500. “I was completely shocked. I didn't know how this was possible. READ MORE: Dragons' Den investor shares 'most successful' business from show - turnover worth £33m  On their website, Barclays suggest how people can stay safe online and on their phones. They state: “To protect yourself from online fraud, make sure you create strong passwords for all your accounts, and never use the same password twice. “The strongest passwords usually contain a mix of numbers, letters and other symbols. Try a memorable phrase such as ‘I had my son James in 2005!’ and use each word’s initial letter, for example IhmsJi2005! “You should also be careful when using public WiFi – you should never use it for banking or shopping as fraudsters may be able to access your log-in details.” If someone thinks they have been scammed they should report the fraud to Action Fraud, which is the UK’s national fraud reporting centre, on 0300 123 2040, or people can report fraud online at Action Fraud. READ MORE: 'To downsize or not?': The 'little known break' that could free up cash in retirement Dr Jessica Barker, cyber security expert at Cygenta explained to BBC Money Box podcast that these scammers can “shoulder surf” and observe people typing in PIN numbers into phones. If they can steal people’s devices, they can unlock them and once that happens, sometimes people have the same passwords for their banking apps, or the password is stored in the notes section on their phone. For individuals wanting to protect themselves against mobile phone fraud, she suggested at the very least, people should have a different password to unlock their phone and to log onto their mobile banking. Additionally, she explained that if people can, they should use fingerprint or facial recognition as a way to get into phones instead of a pin. She stated people should refrain from using their notes to store passwords and PIN numbers. And lastly, people could remove banking apps from their phone and just use them on devices they keep at home. If people do chose to remove banking apps from their phone, Paul Lewis, presenter of the podcast, explained people can still pay for things using their phone but there is no full access to bank accounts. This could be a safer option than having bank account access.