Harry says they did not want Charles to marry again after the death of Diana, Princess of Wales, but promised the brothers would welcome separated Camilla, a mother of two, into the family. Yet Harry also alleged she had ­campaigned to get hitched to Charles in a bid to get the Crown – a claim that is sure to infuriate the King and deepen family divisions.  According to the Duke of Sussex’s memoir Spare, Camilla is accused of surreptitiously releasing details of her encounter with William to the press. Harry, 38, added the information could only have come from the communications person that Camilla convinced his dad to hire. He says the anticipation of meeting her for the first time was like “waiting for an injection” as he wrote “this is nothing, close your eyes and you won’t even feel it”. And he claimed she appeared “bored” during their chat, which he described as a “pure formality” because he was not the heir so they simply discussed horses. Harry claims he and his brother – still heartbroken after the death of their mother in a Paris car crash in 1997 – did not want anyone to replace her or tarnish her legacy. He also alleges they were ­petrified about Camilla, who was married to former British Army officer Andrew Parker Bowles between 1973–1995, being unfairly compared to Diana. Yet Charles married Camilla at a civil ceremony at Windsor Guildhall in April 2005, which was not attended by the Queen. It was followed by a Church of England Service of Prayer and Dedication. Camilla, 75, is now Queen. In his bombshell biography, Harry claims that despite their protests a campaign for Charles, then Prince of Wales, and Camilla to wed, and for her to eventually become Queen, gathered momentum and saw her popularity rise. The attacks on Camilla will ­further damage strained royal ­relations and banish any hope of reconciliation between estranged Harry, his father and older brother, ahead of the Coronation in May.  The deep-rooted turmoil wreaked by the long-running royal rift was laid bare in another excerpt in which Harry speaks of events at his grandfather the Duke of Edinburgh’s funeral at Windsor Castle. At the funeral, King Charles begged his sons: “Please, boys, don’t make my final years a misery.” According to the leak, Harry claims Charles stood between him and William “looking up at our flushed faces” before telling them to sort their differences at the ­service in 2021. Royal commentator Phil Dampier said: “After Prince Philip’s funeral Harry had talks with Charles and William – a ­meeting denied by the Palace ­incidentally – and his father ­apparently pleaded with him not to make his last years a misery. The situation couldn’t be worse or more sad, but I still think the King will keep silent and invite his wayward son to his Coronation.” Charles will be joined there by Camilla who the Monarch once reportedly referred to her as “that wicked woman”. Despite early differences, the pair grew particularly close and enjoyed a warm relationship. The bestowing of the title Queen’s Consort ended years of speculation and conjecture over the status of Camilla, who was once Charles’s mistress and for years blamed for the ­breakdown of his marriage. After their 2005 wedding she gradually took on a more ­prominent role and during the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee in 2012 was seated next to the monarch.   A senior Palace source claimed there was still hope, adding: “He loves both his sons and hope springs eternal for a happier future all round. If some can stopfixating on the past.” Asked about the possibility of the King extending an olive branch and the rift with his youngest son finally being healed, he added: “Let’s see how things evolve.” But the latest disclosures now put that in jeopardy. In earlier excerpts of TV ­interviews ahead of the release of Spare Harry said he and Meghan had been portrayed as “villains”. He said of senior royals: “They’ve shown absolutely no ­willingness to reconcile.” Speaking to CBS programme 60 Minutes Harry was asked why he had not communicated complaints in private rather than going public. He replied to US broadcaster Anderson Cooper: “Every single time I’ve tried to do it privately there have been briefings and leaks and planting of stories against me and my wife [Meghan].” Harry added: “The family motto is never complain and never explain – it’s just a motto.” 