Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin managed for years to project the role of a man we could do business with. Everyone knew the ex-KGB hood was no saint, but surely there was just about enough civilised DNA in his bones to make a working arrangement with the West possible? If we scratched his back a bit, he’d scratch ours. Realpolitik realism, and all that. Nope. Now we know the truth about the diminutive despot. He’s a cold-blooded killer with all of Stalin’s ruthlessness but not even a hint of “Uncle Joe’s” political nous, which saw the old rogue still firmly ensconced in power before dying a natural death (a sudden brain haemorrhage – no last words, apparently; just a fierce growl accompanied by a malevolent glare. In death, as in life). Putin is in deep trouble. He’s embarked on a pointless, unwinnable war. His grandiose dreams of a new Russian empire are in tatters. Humiliatingly, he’s forced to wave his begging bowl at China, even Iran. His previously much-vaunted forces have been exposed as under-trained, under-armed, under-achieving and under-motivated. Putin can’t even persuade a former supplicant, Belarus, to join him in a spring offensive against Kyiv. Cannily, Belarusian dictator Alexander Lukashenko has “done a Franco”, the Spanish fascist who cleverly procrastinated about throwing in his lot with Hitler, stayed out of a disastrous war and, like Stalin, died securely in power. Most dictators don’t. Putin will surely have scrutinised the record. For someone in his predicament, it makes for grim reading. The once all-powerful Benito Mussolini ended up on the run with his mistress and the pair were almost casually shot after being captured by Italian partisans, their corpses then horribly mutilated. Saddam Hussein, like Putin, badly miscalculated his military options and, like Mussolini, went on the run. Once the most feared tyrant in the Middle East, Saddam finished up on the scaffold mumbling to himself before a scruffy, bomber-jacketed executioner nudged him onto the trapdoor and jerked it open. The definition of an ignominious end.  Colonel Gaddafi had a particularly gruesome death. After decades of unchallenged tyranny the Libyan leader was deposed –almost overnight – cornered hiding in a filthy storm-drain, dragged out and half-beaten to death by a bloodthirsty crowd before being shot out of hand. All had made catastrophic errors of judgment which fatally – and quite suddenly – loosened their grip on power. Putin, too, has committed a string of serious mistakes. The most obvious was to completely over-estimate his army’s capabilities and underestimate Ukraine’s. Another was, like Hitler, to see himself as a gifted military strategist, arrogantly overruling his experienced, professional generals. His third blunder was to convince himself that the West would turn its back on Ukraine. Utterly wrong. All monumental miscalculations. Putin’s days are numbered.  Has Extinction Rebellion (XR) finally, if belatedly, grasped reality? That their super-gluing, paint-spraying, road-blocking, gantryclimbing tactics have been a complete waste of time? Not just OUR time – caught up in giant traffic tailbacks on the way to work or vital hospital appointments – but their time too? Or is it another type of time? Has the threat of serious jail time for protesters who so casually disrupt thousands of lives with their antics forced a change in strategy? The group’s founder, Roger Hallam, currently languishes inside on remand and seven activists face 18 months in prison. The days of solicitous police bringing environment protesters tea and biscuits as they glue their bottoms to the roads are, thankfully, gone. But change there has been. XR has publicly foresworn the glue, paint, tomato soup and all the other paraphernalia of preposterous protest, which they admit has changed “very little”. They also acknowledge the disruption has cost them dearly in public support. Peaceful mass rallies outside Westminster will now be the protest tool of choice. Fine by me. The only other people there are politicians. Both groups deserve each other, wouldn’t you say? Remember the clink of milk bottles being delivered on the dawn doorstep? The ringing of the rag-and-bone-man’s handbell and the slow clip-clopping of his approaching horse and cart? All lost in the past. And now we have Kiwi’s decision to stop selling boot polish in the UK. We just don’t shine our shoes any more: trainers and sneakers have polished off smart leathers. So, no more the Sunday night ritual of buffing up shoes for school or office. No more of that heady aroma of tar when you open the tin. Another tiny tradition gets the brush-off. Sad, innit?