Arsenal have reportedly cooled their interest in signing a couple of midfielders this month. However, that does not mean the Gunners will be inactive for the remainder of the window. Leicester star Youri Tielemans has been linked with a move to north London for the last 12 months. Meanwhile, Brazilian star Danilo emerged as a target late in the summer. However, it appears both players are off the radar for this month at least. Arsenal could reignite interest in Tielemans at the end of the season, when he is set to become a free agent. But Mikel Arteta is keen on making multiple other additions before the transfer deadline on January 31. Express Sport looks at five other targets the Gunners have. READ MORE: Man Utd could sign another three players this month after Jack Butland  Mudryk is the top target for Arteta and a couple of bids have already been made. Shakhtar Donetsk have rejected both offers but Arsenal are likely to go back in for the 22-year-old. Chelsea are also interested in hijacking the move. But the Premier League leaders are the preferred destination for Mudryk. Barcelona star Torres has seen his game time restricted this season. He moved to the La Liga giants 12 months ago from Manchester City but hasn't seen everything go his way. Torres can play both out wide and as a striker, which would help lessen the blow of Gabriel Jesus' absence. Barca may not be keen on letting him leave mid-season, though. DON'T MISSEnzo Fernandez to Chelsea fresh twist as Benfica furious at Todd BoehlyMan Utd ‘schedule medical’ for first signing as Ten Hag lands his manLiverpool may accelerate signing as Van Dijk injury worse than first feared  Felix is available on loan for the remainder of the season. He has fallen out of favour under Diego Simeone at Atletico Madrid. Arsenal are keen on signing both a striker and a wide player. Atletico would demand a large loan fee to facilitate a deal. Ndicka is out of contract at Eintracht Frankfurt at the end of the season. Arsenal are linked with a potential pre-contract agreement, signing him on a free transfer in the summer. However, while the window is open, the chance of a deal happening this month cannot be ruled out. Frankfurt may be keen to recruit some money for the Frenchman to prevent losing him for nothing.  This deal is probably unlikely to happen but again nothing can be ruled out in a transfer window. Reports in Italy last week claimed Milinkovic-Savic has changed his mind on Arsenal after initially snubbing their interest in the summer. The Gunners were claimed to be in pole position to sign the 27-year-old. His contract at Lazio expires in 18 months and his agent Mateja Kezman is looking for his next move. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 