 Michael Bublé, 47, is now a dad of four after his youngest daughter, Ceilo, was born last August. However, in 2016 the Bublé family was rocked when then three-year-old Noah was diagnosed with liver cancer.   Michael and Argentinian actress Luisana Lopilato, 35, got married in 2011 and just two years later expanded their family when they welcomed baby Noah. The Bublé clan grew even further when Noah became a big brother in January 2016 but that very same year held devastating news for the family. Noah was diagnosed with hepatoblastoma, a type of liver cancer, and the news rocked the family to their core. Speaking to Red for their March issue, Michael revealed the diagnosis “changed me in a big way. READ MORE: Lucy Alexander talks A Place In The Sun role after quitting Homes Under The Hammer  “It changed what mattered to me, it changed how I saw life.” Michael went on to explain that since the age of 16, when he first started performing, he had adopted an alter ego on stage. The Feeling Good singer shared: “I’d become my alter ego. “I’d become the superhero I always wanted to be.”  However, Noah’s diagnosis saw this alter ego vanish. He explained: “My wife and I went through this unthinkable thing, and I lost that alter ego.” After a few rounds of chemotherapy and radiotherapy, little Noah, now eight, is officially cancer free. In 2021, Michael opened up about Noah’s diagnosis on Kate Garraway’s in Global Player’s A Christmas Celebration.     He revealed that even though it had been years since Noah’s initial diagnosis, both he and Luisana get “scanxiety” whenever their son has to undergo a scan. Michael emotionally added: "For him, you know, he’s this normal, little boy who knows that he’s a superhero, because Dad tells him all the time. “But for Mom and I, even though we’re better, it’s definitely something that’s there." During Noah’s initial diagnosis, Michael did very little in his career in an attempt to spend more time with his son, as he explained to Notebook in 2022.  He said: “I didn’t know that at the time but, mentally, I was so unstable and vulnerable. “I made a safe record with producers I liked and I just tried to protect myself and hold on to a career.” In the meantime, the family have welcomed two little girls into their family, Vida, four, and Cielo, who is currently just six months old. Michael’s newest album, Higher, was released early last year and he is embarking on his new world tour too. The March issue of Red with Michael's full interview is currently on sale.