Novak Djokovic gave an emotional speech after securing his 10th Australian Open and record-equalling 22nd Grand Slam title in Melbourne. Djokovic once again wrote himself into the history books, after defeating Stefanos Tsitsipas 6-3, 7-6, 7-6, in the Australian Open final at the Rod Laver Arena on Sunday morning. It was an emotional victory for the Serbian star, with the simplicity of the scoreline not a fair reflection on the battle the world No.1 has faced. Djokovic had been suffering with fitness problems throughout the tournament, but remarkably dropped just one set on the way to Sunday's final. His class continued in his finale with Tsitsipas, but following his tournament-winning point the 10-time champion burst into tears before falling to ground with his team around him. Djokovic then recomposed himself to collect the trophy he is more than familiar with, before giving a heart-felt winners' speech. Read Djokovic's post-match victory speech in full below... "Good evening everyone. First of all I have to say I'm touched by Stefanos' words. Thanks for being so kind and respectful. I appreciate that. We both would agree that of course on the court we are fierce competitors and we want to win against each other no matter who is across the net, but that doesn't mean that we shouldn't respect each other, and we acknowledge each other's efforts. I acknowledge your effort and I congratulate you on an amazing tournament. "Tough luck tonight, great battle. This is definitely not your last Grand Slam. You have a lot of time, much more than me. I would like to also congratulate your team, your family. I know how much time you guys spend to try and make you are better player and a better person on and off the court. You are one of the most professional tennis players I know on the tour. READ MORE: Elena Rybakina hits back at 'disturbing' coach comments after Aus Open Watch every match from Roland-Garros, 28 May - June 11, LIVE and exclusive on discovery+ and Eurosport "You're a very interesting guy, I said that two days ago, I still think you are very interesting. I would just like to finish off by commenting something about Greece and Serbia. We are relatively two small countries who don't really have a tennis tradition, we didn't really have too many players to look up to, players that have reached these heights. I think the message for any young tennis player around the world who is watching this now and dreaming to be here where we are: Dream big. Dare to dream, because anything is possible. "Don't let anyone take away the dream. Doesn't matter where you're from. I actually think the more disadvantaged childhood you have, the more challenges you have, the stronger you become. Stefanos and I are proof of that. Don't really let anyone take away that dream from you. Nurture it. Water it like you would the flowers. Even if only one person in this world that will accept, embrace and support your dreams, find that person and dream big because you can make it. "What a journey it's been for my team, my family and myself. I don't know where to start and where to finish. I don't take anything for granted. I know you guys are tolerating sometimes the worst sides of my character, on and off the court. I appreciate the patience and the love and the support you guys are giving me. Why are you laughing, Goran? I don't know if you'll ever forgive me for all of these years for what I've done to you guys, but I have to repeat it over and over again, this trophy is as much yours as it is mine, so thank you from the bottom of my heart for the love and support.  "I have to say, this has been one of the most challenging tournaments I've ever played in my life considering the circumstances. Not playing last year, coming back this year. I want to thank all the people who made me feel welcome and made me feel comfortable to be in Melbourne and Australia. There's a reason why I've played my best tennis throughout my career in this tournament, on this court in front of the legendary Rod Laver. "Thank you for being present tonight, sir. I try to pinch myself and really live through these moments. It is a long journey, I know this is a long talk from my side but bare with me guys. I just have to say this because only the team and the family knows what we've been through in the last four, five weeks. This is probably the biggest victory in my life given the circumstances. I would like to thank the organisers of the tournament, the volunteers who are part of such an incredible event. "It is a really phenomenal organisation day in day out. Craig has been very helpuful to my team over the years, and I thank you for always doing your best to make us feel at home and feel comfortable. I know there has been record-breaking crowds this year and I know there is a lot of people in the square and around the world watching. Thank you so much for making this event one of the best events in the world. Thank you so much and hopefully see you next year."