During Friday's instalment of the ITV morning show, many complained about Good Morning Britain presenters Kate Garraway and Ben Shephard, with some even "switching off" over the duo's presenting approach. It came as the pair commented on a movie song released by new "supergroup" made up of Dolly Parton, Gloria Estefan, Cyndi Lauper, Debbie Harry, and Belinda Carlisle, with both hosts making clear they were disappointed by the song. The stars have collaborated to release Gonna Be You for upcoming film, 80 For Brady. During Friday's Good Morning Britain, entertainment correspondent Radzi Chinyanganya was excited to show an exclusive clip of the song. After a brief clip, Radzi commented: "Hashtag iconic I think it's safe to say." Ben and Kate seemed underwhelmed though, and as the former remarked: "Not gonna lie, I was hoping it was going to be a bit more 80s than that." "Well," Kate began before turning to Radzi. "Sorry, we've been really invested in this!" "No, I like this!" Radzi replied, surprised by the presenters' reaction. READ MORE: Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update "We've been beside ourselves," Kate continued. "Richard promised us a first exclusive look..." "Bare in mind, Kate's three generations older than you as well," Ben quipped. "I'm their generation, aren't I?!" Kate added. "So, I was kind of thinking the video let it down a bit, I think." "It wasn't quite..." Ben started, unable to articulate his opinions. "I was expecting something really... you know what I mean?" Kate agreed. Radzi confessed: "I've got to agree. I wonder if when you bring those five legends together, time was the issue - 'Get it done, ladies.' I was a bit... I was torn." Kate later apologised and explained she may be judging "hastily," while Radzi went on to joke about how Good Morning Britain viewers aren't afraid to give their views. Not everyone found the commentary amusing though, and many took to social media to criticise the presenters. Twitter user JaneAnnDiamond1 fumed: "@GMB #GMB Just turned over as it’s unbearable the way you all speak over each other so we can’t hear or understand anyone. Thought it was all about the viewer not the presenters. Very unprofessional." DON'T MISS... Karren Brady details 'demanding' part of being The Apprentice aide [EXCLUSIVE]BBC's Charlie snaps as Lisa Nandy swerves 'levelling up' probe [LATEST]Jackie Stewart heartbreak as he says wife is 'lost in many ways' [VIDEO] @StephenJLee1987 added: "#GMB promote a Clip from new #Film & #KateGarraway proper rips it, then soon apologizes & says its good as stars are going on for a interview..proper disrespectful. #goodmorningbritain." (sic) @JerryMallett6 addd: "@GMB Kate & Ben. I initially agreed with you on the 80 for Brady song. But...TV play did it no justice. Just watched it on YouTube with earphones in. It's fantastic and on the big screen I think it will blow you away.. @DavidBrownlie33 fumed: "@GMB can you please get @kategarraway and @benshephard." Others were keener to add their opinions on the song, with some agreeing with Kate and Ben. @FlopsyPickle remarked: "Wow that’s a really s*** song, so so bad #gmb." @domain_harry added: "I can't believe Coleen Nolan wasn't included in the supergroup #gmb." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.