Having won Olympic gold in Sarajevo in 1984 with their iconic Bolero routine, viewers might take for granted the former world champions’ effortless performances. However, Jayne knows how lucky she is to be here after Chris saved her life on more than one occasion. The 65-year-old star has suffered from asthma since her early 20s but, more recently, has developed an even more severe allergy to nuts. On location in Canada, Jayne recalls how she drank a coffee with almond milk and, triggering an anaphylactic shock, it caused her blood pressure to drop and blocked her airways. Luckily Chris, 64, was on hand to give her an emergency injection with an EpiPen to quickly combat the reaction. Talking about it for the first time, Jayne said: “I first discovered I had a peanut allergy about ten years ago – and I had grown up eating peanuts and nuts my whole life. “But it was only when I drank coffee with almond milk in it that I had this severe reaction. “Things could have been even worse had Chris not been there.  Looking shaken, Chris continued: “We were in Alaska in 2019 the middle of nowhere on a lake when Jayne’s voice started to get really hoarse and she was speaking as if she was in slow motion. She was struggling to breathe and I recognised the signs immediately. “There was talk of actually getting a helicopter and I said ‘No, no, we have just got to stick the pen in’. “There have been two occasions, where we’ve had to EpiPen her.” An emergency injection of epinephrine must only be administered into the middle of the thigh. Jayne said: “Luckily, Chris had done it a few times, so he knows what he’s doing. It clears up within an hour but you have to act quickly. The last time was when we were filming in Nottingham in 2021. “I think it’s really bizarre that it happens when we’ve been filming; the days when I’m at home, nothing happens. But I guess it’s because you can control the food you’re eating. “Luckily I have never had anything happen on Dancing on Ice but, on this series, there are a couple of other people with nut allergies, so there’s a sign up to warn others not to have any nuts on set.  “One thing’s for sure, I am never in the studio without my EpiPen or inhaler. “I’m pretty good with my asthma now. It calmed down after I retired from skating in 1998 but in 2007 the attacks started again. “I picked up a chest infection that triggered my asthma. In the last six or seven years, it’s not been as bad.” Despite suffering from the condition, Jayne was all set to run the London Marathon in 2017. The Nottingham-born star said: “I ended up not doing it because I pulled my hamstring. I didn’t want to make it any worse because obviously I wanted to carry on skating. I have never attempted to do the marathon since but we have to be careful. We are not getting any younger. I am going to be 66 this year and Chris will be 65. “We are very lucky that we can still perform and while we still can, we still want to do it.” Tonight the couple will be performing a fast tango-style routine to popular Canadian crooner Michael Bublé’s Higher.  But Jayne has back trouble and Chris has a broken finger, which happened when he tripped over a suitcase recently, so it has been carefully choreographed. Chris said: “My hand is in a splint so I will be doing a posh routine with my little finger sticking upwards.” Speaking about her agonising back condition, Jayne said: “I was diagnosed with a spinal cyst in 2012 and I was in chronic pain. “I had shooting pains in my legs but still skating because I was taking strong painkillers. “I eventually had an operation for it and then I had the same thing happen in 2019. I didn’t need to do surgery and that’s calmed down. “You just have to keep on top of these things. You can’t get away with as much.”  In 2014, Christopher had a cancer health scare when he experienced severe stomach pains. For two weeks he waited anxiously to learn the cause of his symptoms. Doctors then found a one-inch benign growth in his colon. Chris said: “It was the longest two weeks of my life not knowing if I was going to live or die.” But despite the issues that come with advancing age, the ice dance stars are determined to carry on. Former Nottingham police officer Chris said: “The minute we feel that we can’t do something to a level that we would expect we won’t do it. “From our point of view, each time we skate now is a bonus for us because we’re on the countdown to whatever our final skate is.” Dancing on Ice, ITV, 6.30pm 