Prince Harry has been heavily criticised after his latest television interview by commentators who claimed he was 'rubbing salt in wounds' of the Firm. The Duke of Sussex appeared on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert in the US to promote his new ghost-written book, Spare, which was released in the UK yesterday. When asked by host Mr Colbert if he thought there was an active campaign by the royal household to undermine the book, Prince Harry replied: "Of course." Prince Harry went on to describe the perceived campaign against him as being "mainly by the British press." However, When Mr Colbert sought to clarify with the Duke and interjected: "But aided and abetted by the Palace?" Prince Harry replied: "Again, of course." "This is the other side of the story, right. After 38 years they have told their story and this is the other side of the story." The Duke continued: "And there's a lot in here that perhaps makes people feel uncomfortable and scared." During the conversation, Prince Harry also talked about how he had been "obsessed" with looking for stories that had been written about his wife, Meghan. Prince Harry also drank tequila with the show's host as well as taking part in a sketch involving a mock royal fanfare with American actor Tom Hanks. In Spare, Prince Harry makes several bombshell allegations, including that a necklace (that he wore during the Late Show interview) was ripped off during a physical confrontation with his brother, Prince William. In its official description, the book is described as "a landmark publication" and as being "full of insight, revelation, self-examination, and hard-won wisdom about the eternal power of love over grief." READ MORE: Prince Harry claims Buckingham Palace in campaign to undermine Megxit memoir Buckingham Palace has yet to officially comment on any of the claims made in the Duke's new book. However, some royal sources have disputed some of the Prince's claims and described the situation as "terribly unfair." One unnamed source said: "The trouble is that no one else recognises very much of it, particularly when it comes to events surrounding his and Meghan's departure from the Royal Family", according to the Daily Mail. "The reason why he and Meghan left was not because they were forced out, as they claim, or that they dramatically fled for their lives. It was simply because the Royal Family and the institution wouldn't do everything they wanted them to do." The source went on to describe the latest interview as "just another salvo in their campaign of blame." DON'T MISS: The extended interview, which is available online, lasted almost 40 minutes. Another source purportedly said: "Aside from how much of what he alleges is even correct, this constant trashing of his family is just rubbing salt into their wounds. It's really terribly unfair." "At the heart of it all is the story of a very sad family breakdown – Harry's own included – and one that will never have a happy ending unless he allows people some time and space to heal." The latest allegations in Spare came after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex released their controversial Netflix series in December. Harry and Meghan, a six-part docuseries that followed the couple's exit from royal life, was released in two parts in the run-up to Christmas and made several bombshell allegations about their treatment by the royal household and British press. This was swiftly followed by news that the couple's second collaboration would be the documentary series "Live to Lead", inspired by the life of Nelson Mandela, and which was released on New Year's Eve featuring Jacinda Ardern, Albie Sachs, Siya Kolisi, Gloria Steinem, Greta Thunberg, Ruth Bader Ginsberg and others.