The first was Pitt the Elder, the second was Boris Johnson. Pitt realised the power of public opinion and in Dr Samuel Johnson’s words was “a minister given by the people to the King”, a favourable comparison with other prime ministers who were imposed by the King on the people. Pitt won the Seven Years War, including great victories against the French, which made the UK a global power rather than a narrow European one. Boris similarly knows the power of public opinion, which he appeals to in a way that other modern politicians do not. As George III was reluctant to accept Pitt, so Tory MPs showed themselves, foolishly, to be reluctant to be led by Johnson, another prime minister given by the people. In a recent portrait of Johnson, unveiled at the Carlton Club, an uncharacteristically stern figure stares out determinately at the world. His arms are folded and a scowl covers his usually beneficent face. This shows an often overlooked part of Boris’s character. He is a determined as well as a charismatic figure. This was shown in his leadership and as with Pitt his influence started long before he become prime minister and will extend for the rest of his life. As Pitt founded an empire, so Boris has unshackled us from the European Union. This is not merely the important technical work of “Getting Brexit Done”, but his years as a journalist laying the groundwork for independence. Week in week out Boris mocked the EU, showed up its corruption and made people realise that our destiny was not inextricably linked to the bureaucratic, stagnant continental pseudo-state. This was not work that could be done in the few weeks of a campaign but needed to build up.  It was the early acorns that grew into the mighty oak forest that became Vote Leave. In office, Boris was decisive and clear-sighted. The opposition to Brexit he faced in 2019, before the election, was extraordinary. Politicians who had promised to respect the result tried every stratagem and plot to frustrate the people’s mandate. Boris showed the determination that shines out of the new portrait. This doggedness so infuriates his opponents they tend to behave irrationally, and so accepted his election challenge and were then roundly defeated. This is a fascinating ability to annoy the smug establishment which cannot believe that such a jolly cavalier can be taken seriously by the people. Yet, as with Pitt, not only do they support him but many love him for his idiosyncrasies. Pitt is best remembered for the year of victories in 1759 when the French were defeated at land and at sea by Clive, Wolfe and Hawke. Similarly, Brexit is Boris’s biggest historic success. Nonetheless, it is far from his only achievement. He also protected the Western world and its values from a Russian despot.  The influence of Boris on events in Ukraine cannot be overstated. Had the UK been a member of the EU and bound by the spirit of “sincere cooperation”, we would have been held back by German financial interests and French diffidence. Boris used our freedom to arm the Ukrainians with the NLAW tank-busting weapon which made Putin’s advance fail. These started being supplied before the war began when Russia’s intentions were still not believed, even if they had become clear, and they were essential in giving the Ukrainians a chance. The attitude of the United States hardened and the EU borrowed a bit of Boris’s spine. This has made the world a safer place, stopped further Russian advances and made the Chinese more cautious in relation to Taiwan. A feat of leadership worthy of Pitt. Domestically Boris was again a leader. The pressure he was under to lock us all up over Covid and throw away the key was enormous, but he preserved as many freedoms as he could and looked for a way out. The vaccine provided that route, even though experts still wanted us to lose another Christmas.  Yet Boris stood firm and liberty was restored earlier than in other countries. The British people, unlike some on the Continent, did not have to show their papers on every street corner, for we had a liberty-loving leader. At home and abroad Boris was and is a true leader. This is shown in his portrait and although his time in the highest office was too short, as with Pitt his success will echo down the centuries. 