Arsenal and Chelsea face Premier League heartbreak this season, according to a supercomputer's prediction. FiveThirtyEight has used data to predict how seasons are set to unfold since 2017, and their most recent projection for the English top flight makes for interesting reading. Using their SPI ratings, FiveThirtyEight estimates teams' overall strength by giving an attacking and defensive rating using xG and xGA against an average team on a neutral field. They then use the ratings for any two teams to project match results for the remainder of the season, simulating final league positions. And the 2022/23 Premier League table prediction produces incredible outcomes that would guarantee gripping battles for the title, top four and survival. Arsenal currently lead Manchester City by eight points at the league summit, but FiveThirtyEight's data suggests Pep Guardiola will pip his former student Mikel Arteta to the post. Man City are tipped to win the title on goal difference, finishing level with the Gunners on 83 points but with a 13-goal advantage. Manchester United are in line to secure a respectable third-place finish, 12 points behind the frontrunners, while the final Champions League spot is also set to be decided on goal difference. JUST IN: Man Utd star Van de Beek given devastating update after cruel injury Newcastle United, currently third, are set to battle Liverpool for fourth. However, Klopp's side have been backed to end the Magpies' dream of entering Europe's premier competition by just one goal, with both clubs finishing on 69 points. The data suggests Tottenham Hotspur will drop down to sixth on 64 points, which would result in Europa Conference League qualification, or a spot in the Europa League if a top-four club win the FA Cup. Graham Potter has been tipped for a disastrous first season as Chelsea boss, missing out on European football altogether on 60 points in eighth. Brighton and Hove have been backed to finish above the Blues by one point in seventh, which would secure European football if a top-four club lift the FA Cup. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp makes final decision on £33m transfer At the other end of the predicted table, only two points separate 16th and 20th in the relegation scrap. Southampton currently look doomed and have been tipped to finish rock-bottom, with AFC Bournemouth, currently 16th, predicted to drop to 19th, level on 33 points with the Saints. Nottingham Forest evade the bottom three with 35 points, with Everton and Wolves battling to avoid a shock relegation in 18th. FiveThirtyEight hasn't put faith in Julen Lopetegui to save the Midlands club, who finish level on 34 points with the Toffees, but with a three-goal deficit. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here