Anthony Joshua’s former head trainer Robert Garcia has sent AJ’s team a second message after parting ways with the Watford powerhouse. Garcia has warned Joshua against jumping into big fights with the likes of Deontay Wilder too soon and to instead take two or three more ‘adequate’ contests to regain his confidence first. Joshua’s promoter Eddie Hearn is currently in talks with Wilder’s manager Shelly Finkel about the possibility of a fight between both heavyweights in the not-so-distant future. Discussions are in the early stages but Hearn is hoping that Joshua can face off against Wilder at the back end of this year after two confidence-building fights – which Garcia backs wholeheartedly. “One thing that I told [Joshua's team], and I would tell them again now, is that I don’t recommend them to look for a big fight [such as Wilder] immediately," Garcia told Izquierdazo. “Anthony is a huge star in Europe, one of the biggest in history. He should look for two or three fights a little more adequate, I don’t want to say easy, because there are no easy fights, but he needs a more adequate fight." He added: “He needs to regain confidence, and get used to a new trainer. Because it was a big challenge to get a new trainer and go directly against Usyk, as was in my case. It's not only a challenge for AJ, but also for me, to go into a rematch after being dominated in the first fight. It was difficult." When asked how a fight between Joshua and Wilder would go, Garcia replied: “I think that is a fight that wouldn’t go to the scorecards. Both of them hit hard. Many may think that Wilder is going to knock AJ out, but I think that whoever lands first [will win the fight]. MORE BOXING NEWS... Boxing to introduce transgender category as rules laid out for 2023 Joshua warned Wilder could end his career due to AJ's 'terrible' trait Joshua tipped not to insert 'interesting clause' in trainer's contract "I worked with Anthony, and he hits hard. I have never felt Wilder’s power, but it looks like a hard punch. But Anthony’s punching power is very strong. I think [Anthony] has the same punching power [as Wilder], it can’t be any less strong than Wilder. So, I think that whoever lands first [wins the fight]." AJ is expected to return to the ring in either March or April at the O2 Arena, London. Hearn is hoping to match Joshua up against a ‘credible top 15 opponent’ for his first fight back – most likely Otto Wallin – before staging a summer showdown with Dillian Whyte and then a blockbuster contest with Wilder or Tyson Fury to round off the year. 