The actor, 76, who is the sole surviving star of the legendary BBC military sitcom, also revealed that his co-stars were puzzled as to why the show has such a huge hit. Ian, who starred as Private Pike, said: "It was great fun. It was 10 years, 10 weeks a year with wonderful people, all of whom became great friends. Wonderful "John Laurie [Pte Frazer] became a sort of father figure, or a grandfather figure, I suppose. I adored him. "I talked with John for so many hours, it was absolutely wonderful. There were points where he said, 'There are things I've told you I've never told my wife, or my daughter. And you must promise me you must never tell anybody yourself'." The programme ran for nine series, from 1968 to 1977, but the cast didn't hold out much hope of success in the early days.  Ian said John couldn't believe he got famous for being in the show, after years of treading the boards in Shakespeare plays. Ian added: "It didn't get very good press. They decided to make a second series late the next year. 'OK, great, terrific'. There was hope, it was supposed to go out on BBC Two, but they decided to put it on BBC One. "But none of us thought there was 10 years in it. When we were away filming, [co-writer] David Croft had a house and in the middle weekend there would be a dinner at his house for what he called The Magnificent Seven, or the 10, as we became with vicar, verger and air-raid warden. "One night, John Laurie had the room. Generally, we were talking about how this [Dad's Army] shouldn't have been a success, everybody was against it, nobody liked it. David had to hide the scripts in a pile on his desk and say he'd taken them out. It was a job to get it on screen." After describing the shortcomings of his fellow actors, including Clive Dunn [Corporal Jones] and John Le Mesurier [SergeantWilson], John said: "In the Twenties I was lauded as possibly the finest Hamlet of a generation, and here am I, I've become famous for playing this." Ian insists Arthur Lowe, who died in 1982 aged 66, "carried" the show as the pompous Captain Mainwaring. Speaking on the We Have Ways of Making You Talk podcast, Ian said: "Dad's Army was Cpt Mainwaring. There he was leading the show, carrying the show, if you will. "It was about the second or third series and he [Arthur] came to me one day in rehearsal and said, 'Look, don't worry if there's not a lot of lines. They'll come, don't worry. In the meantime, get yourself a funny costume and stand near me'. "I got a colourful scarf, wore my hat funny and stood near Arthur." 