Ahead of the publication of his new book called Spare on January 10, Prince Harry sat down with CBS and ITV. In a trailer for CBS’ 60 Minutes with correspondent Anderson Cooper, the Duke of Sussex shed further light on his relationship with the Royal Family and British media. A body language expert analysed the royal’s appearance in the trailer and shared his thoughts. Jesús Enrique Rosas watched the trailer and commented on Prince Harry’s body language signals in one of his latest YouTube videos. The trailer began with Anderson saying: “One of the criticisms that you’ve received it that, ‘well, okay, fine, you want to move to California. You want to step back from the institutional role. Why be so public?’ You say you’ve tried to do this privately.” Prince Harry replied: “And every single time I’ve tried to do it privately, there have been briefings and leakings and planting of stories against me and my wife.” Jesús commented: “His eyes are a bit reddish, and he has this scratching of the nose, exactly when he says ‘And every single time I’ve tried to do it privately’. I noticed that he at the same time looks away from Cooper. READ MORE: 'Playful' Prince Louis has ‘huge advantage at public events’ “Another signal is - watch Harry’s posture when he’s listening to Cooper’s question. “He is looking in Cooper’s direction. When he answers the question he looks down and to the side. “I also noticed when he says about the ‘briefings and leakings and planting of stories’, he is talking and his neck and jaw are really tense [this is a sign] that it affects him emotionally. He is angry,” Jesús claims. The trailer moves on and Harry says: “You know, the family motto is ‘never complain, never explain’. It’s just a motto, it doesn’t really hold -” DON'T MISS...Every Chinese zodiac animal explained ahead of Chinese New Year 2023 [EXPLAINER]Game-changing method to poach eggs without a saucepan [VIDEO]Effortlessly clean an oven with kitchen staple and no ‘harsh chemicals [GUIDE] In response to this, Jesús comments: “Did you notice how he addressed the Royal Family? He didn’t say ‘my family’. He said ‘the family’, [and in my opinion] he is detaching himself from them, he is distancing himself from them. “Even more interesting, Harry begins to have some doubts speaking like this,” the expert claimed. The trailer continues with Anderson adding: “There’s a lot of complaining and a lot of explaining…” To which Harry interjects with: “Endless.” The interviewer asks: “Privately being done through leaks?” And Harry confirms: “Through leaks.” READ MORE: Kate shows how curtsy is 'really done' after Meghan's 'comedy bowing' Jesús watched this moment between Anderson and Harry and says: “Notice Anderson Cooper goes to his rescue [to finish the sentence] and he begins to talk. “It’s like he’s serving part of the answer - all Harry does at that moment is nod and he swallows hard. Pay attention to his neck, that could be a signal of nervousness. “But it’s interesting Anderson is helping him say what he should be saying. It’s like filling in the blank, and Harry [agrees].” Jesús adds: “Then Harry continues, and this time, he has a covered anger display.” The trailer shows Harry explaining: “They will feed or have a conversation with the correspondent and that correspondent will literally be spoon-fed information and write the story. “At the bottom of it [the article], they will say they have reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment, but the whole story is Buckingham Palace commenting.” Jesús responds with: “Notice [when talking about the media], he is a bit more relaxed, he is not that tense, compared to when he’s talking about ‘the family’. “[The trailer] is most probably edited, so maybe these two sentences are not close [in the interview], hence the different body language signals.” Jesús Enrique Rosas is a Body Language expert and Persuasion consultant. His YouTube channel, The Body Language Guy has 557k subscribers. He has written a book; Body Language in 40 Days, where he helps people learn what “postures, gestures, attitudes, voice tones, distance between people, facial expressions mean”. Jesús, alongside a team of other experts conducts masterclasses in body language analysis for Knesix Insitute. Most recently he has spoken about different interview techniques to detect lies, 12 nonverbal communication examples and how to become aware of body language signals.