The presenter and comedian joined forces to transform a dilapidated Italian building into a luxury home in hopes of raising money for charity. Their adventure was documented in BBC's Amanda and Alan's Italian Job, which saw the pair getting their DIY hats on. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, Alan detailed how his co-star tried to "set him up" while they soaked up the Sicily sunshine. The two friends share a passion for interior design and travel, so they were excited to take on the project. Once they have completed the renovation, it's hoped the property can go on sale, with proceeds going to UK charities. While they were hard at work during the trip, they also had some time to explore the sun-kissed Italian region. Discussing how he had filmed the series shortly after his break up, Alan commented: "It was great, and we spent the whole time laughing that Amanda would keep trying to get me a nice Italian boyfriend!" READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash He went on: "It didn't really matter what age or whether they had any teeth, no one was off limits! "It was wonderful. I couldn't put Grindr on because there's no signal up there." Turning to Amanda, he continued: "She's a matchmaker, she tried to match me up. "But I was I wasn't ready yet. There was only one love in that case and it was Amanda." "He was busy, it kept all his mind busy being out there," Amanda added. Although Alan confessed it wasn't the right time to be looking for a new romance as he detailed how he could understand the appeal while in Italy. "I mean, who doesn't like a holiday romance?" he asked. "It's so beautiful and romantic up there. "I mean you know - if our eyes locked over a massive bowl of pasta like Lady and the Tramp... who's to say? DON'T MISS... Holly and Phil spark outrage over 'jealous' holiday remarks [REACTION]Ruth Langsford shares husband Eamonn's complaints [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow expert warns 'it needs to be saved' over Bond poster [VIDEO] "But she was always trying to do it because the show's all about upcycling and recycling and flea markets, massive flea markets. "So I'm trying to decorate the bedroom, and she brings over this man!" Amanda quickly chimed in to add: "He was single though!" "Single but he clearly was straight and fancied you!" Alan recalled as his co-star howled with laughter. He quipped: "I'm just getting Amanda's sloppy seconds!" Detailing the difficult task they faced, Alan later stated: "My hands were like... callus, they were callus. "I know people will go, 'Oh, I bet they didn't do anything,' but we genuinely did!" Amanda detailed: "We bashed walls down, we took metalwork off, we took windows out, we brick laid." Amanda and Alan's Italian Job is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.