Denise Welch, who has been a vocal supporter of Meghan Markle, slammed claims the Duchess of Sussex was to blame for Piers Morgan's exit from Good Morning Britain. Following the recent furore over Jeremy Clarkson's column, where he said he "hated" the Suits actress on a "cellular level", has also sparked reports his future with Amazon and ITV hangs in the balance. The Loose Women panellist, 64, took to Twitter on Saturday and vented her frustrations after she shared a clip from the Spike podcast, with Tom Slater and Fraser Myers. In the short video, Tom claimed: "Meghan is on a mission to prove cancel culture really exists. First Piers Morgan was sacked for criticising her. Now Jeremy Clarkson is being cancelled for saying mean things about her. She's become a secular saint.” Denise took to the micro-blogging site and hit out at the podcast, in view of her 553,000 followers, as she fumed: "So it’s Meghan's fault that they have said disgusting things about her??? Go f…k yourselves!!!" In a follow up post, the Loose Women star tweeted: "It absolutely infuriates me that Megan Markle is being held responsible for the sackings of Morgan and Clarkson??? READ MORE: Gwyneth Paltrow, 50, dubbed 'perfection' as she sports underwear "They have said disgusting things about her and others for far too long. Karmas a b**h."(sic) Jeremy's column was swiftly removed after it was met with widespread outrage from the public, MPs and his own daughter. The former Top Gear host wrote that he "hated" the former Suits actress "on a cellular level" and even wanted to see her "paraded naked through the streets". The 62-year-old TV personality issued an apology to the Sussexes saying that he was "really sorry" all the way "from the balls of my feet to the follicles on my head".  But his apology was not welcomed by Harry and Meghan who released a statement, which read: “On Dec. 25, 2022, Mr. Clarkson wrote solely to Prince Harry, the Duke of Sussex. The contents of his correspondence were marked Private and Confidential. “While a new public apology has been issued today by Mr. Clarkson, what remains to be addressed is his long-standing pattern of writing articles that spread hate rhetoric, dangerous conspiracy theories, and misogyny. “Unless each of his other pieces were also written ‘in a hurry,’ as he states, it is clear that this is not an isolated incident shared in haste, but rather a series of articles shared in hate.” In response to the controversy, Amazon reportedly cut ties with Jeremy, according to Variety. DON'T MISS... Karren Brady says Camilla's 'unscathed' but Harry 'put a sock in it'[LATEST]Dancing on Ice star's Christopher Dean and Jayne Torvill shared kiss[ADMISSION]Rita Ora's appearance on The Masked Singer leaves viewers distracted[TV] In the same 24-hour period, ITV bosses said they have “no commitments” to further editions of Who Wants To Be A Millionaire, indicating that he would not be returning to the show. A petition has since been launched with fans of the columnist calling for Jeremy to not be cancelled. Meanwhile, Piers, 57, dramatically quit GMB in 2021 following a huge on-air row about Meghan. The broadcaster said he did not believe the Duchess over comments made about her mental health in an interview with Oprah Winfrey the same year. His swift exit came after his rant about Meghan's comments on the ITV news programme received the most complaints to Ofcom in a decade - with more than 57,000 people lodging a complaint. However, six months after the episode in question, Ofcom said that GMB was not in breach of the broadcasting code over Piers' comments about the Duchess of Sussex’s interview. Meanwhile, Prince Harry and Meghan are unlikely to join the line-up of royals to appear at Buckingham Palace at the King's coronation as they no longer carry out official duties. It has not yet been confirmed if the couple will be in attendance.