Dr Michael Mosley is a weight loss expert and advocate of low carb diets and rapid weight loss. His methods are no walk in the park, but they still allow dieters to enjoy their favourite foods, even dessert. Dr Michael's fast 800 has three approaches depending on your weight loss goals. These are the Very Fast 800 (an 800 calorie diet to "kickstart a significant weight loss"), the New 5:2 (more of a gradual weight loss regime), and A Way of Life (for long term maintenance). One of the main premises of the expert's weight loss programme - whichever the method - is that cutting out carbs is a positive step. Instead, he asks slimmers to adopt a Mediterranean style diet filled with vegetables, proteins and healthy fats. READ MORE: Woman 'too fat' to ride her horse drops 9st - 'I feel amazing' Yet it is possible to lose weight rapidly and still enjoy your favourite foods, according to the expert. As long as dieters are mindful of the calories they consume, and stick to relatively low-carb options, they don't even have to miss out on dessert. On his official website, Dr Michael revealed that those following his method can still enjoy chocolate - as long as it's a specific kind. He explained that cocoa contains reservatrol, a compound which contributes to the benefits of the Mediterranean diet. But despite there being endless varieties of chocolate out there, only one is recommended by the weight loss expert - dark. Choc Affair outlined the differences between white, milk and dark chocolate. Dark chocolate is made from sugar, cocoa powder and cocoa butter, although 100 percent dark chocolate only contains cocoa solids. Milk chocolate is made from sugar, milk, cocoa butter and cocoa powder and varies in cocoa percentage, although it's much lower than dark chocolate. READ MORE: Man 'transforms' body with diet and exercise regime - pictures White chocolate is essentially the "opposite" of dark chocolate, comprised only of sugar, cocoa butter and milk. The website reads: "Some actually argue whether white chocolate can even be classed as chocolate, seeing as it doesn’t contain cocoa solids." Other foods containing resveratrol include blueberries and cranberries, so these make a great dessert. Or, enjoy a glass of red wine with dinner as this also contains the important compound. This is even possible for those on the New 5:2 diet and even the Very Fast 800. But taking this into account, Dr Michael warned slimmers to "be more mindful on fasting days as the calories can be significant". Not all sweet treats are born equal, and there are some the weight loss expert would recommend avoiding at all costs. The weight loss programme urges dieters to cut right down on sugar, so avoid reaching for the white chocolate. Even certain fruits should be avoided due to their high sugar content, so fill your fruit salads with apples, berries and pears rather than mangoes, pineapples and melons.