Lisa Snowdon, 50, has been outspoken on her wellness and the health struggles she faced while going through menopause. In a new interview with Express.co.uk, the Celebrity MasterChef winner lifted the lid on the activities that helped her keep her symptoms at bay. Among her biggest issues, Lisa admitted her gut health was impacted, as she struggled to get her head around how her body was changing. Lisa has partnered with gut health supplement Symprove to design three spoof health fads: The Bowel Counsellor, The Anal Crystal and ‘Bougie Poo-fumée’ candles, to highlight just how ludicrous they can be, and why you do not have to go to extreme lengths to look after your gut and keep a healthy balanced lifestyle. Lisa admitted: “My menopause has been up and down in the past nine years - I'll be 51 in a week and I was 42 when I became perimenopausal. “I didn’t understand what was happening to me or my body, and I think that's half the battle. “When you know what's happening to you, you can adapt your life, make the appropriate changes and most importantly talk to your friends and family about it - this is why I've been so proactive in highlighting how it has affected me, to hopefully help and inspire others.” Lisa, who participated in I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! back in 2016, went on to explain how menopause also affected her mental health. She said: “I had very dark moods and was very anxious. I had panic attacks and my period was all over the place, some days I couldn't get out of bed. “On top of this, my gut health was affected by menopause, which is something that a lot of women experience - specifically bloating and new intolerances to food. “For me, Symprove was really helpful in overcoming these symptoms.” Lisa also emphasised the importance of staying active to improve both mentally and physically as she revealed she gained some weight during the perimenopausal phase. She also pointed out how difficult it is to understand the symptoms when they start appearing. Lisa said: “Exercise has a huge positive impact on my mental health and physical wellbeing. DONT MISS:Jeremy Clarkson 'caved into the woke' as critic slams Meghan apology [PHOTOS]Emma Willis' husband Matt fights back tears after missing milestone [NEWS]Stacey and Kevin Clifton welcome first child as they share sweet post [LATEST] “I gained some weight during the perimenopause stage and the sleep deprivation didn't help that at all. “Your cortisol levels can often spike because you’re so anxious, which can lead to not sleeping, night sweats and hot flushes.” The presenter concluded: "It's a really hard time to work through and understand so exercise really helps, as well as being in control of my food.” Lisa is a self-proclaimed advocate for self-love, self-care, fashion and female empowerment. Her passion for supporting other women has been highlighted in her Self-care Sunday series on Instagram, which in turn led to her Get Lifted podcast and the Menopause Madness series with Dr Naomi Potter on both Instagram Live and YouTube. When asked about any previous health ailments, if any, Lisa explained last year: “I’ve had a few issues. A few things that have come up. “I have had a few surgeries. I had a hernia removed when I was seven, my tonsils removed when I was 17, my appendix removed when I was 28. And then I was fine for a good stretch of time. “Then I got admitted to hospital for meningitis and glandular fever. So I was a bit poorly, then and it had a bit of a knock-on effect with my energy levels and my brain concentration."