Too right it’s not matey. His family don’t want him. The British people – sick to their stomachs of his vitriolic attacks on the royals - don’t want him. And even when Meghan has tired of him – which she will - even when she has dumped him for someone richer, more powerful and when he finds himself in the US with only his therapists for company, there still shouldn’t be a place for him as part of an institution he has trashed – an institution he’d be nothing without. Harry hasn’t just burned bridges with Britain and with his family – he’s blown them right out of the water and there can never be any comeback from the hurt he has inflicted on the people he’s supposed to love. This is a man who even after everything he’s done to his family still believes it’s them who should be blamed for what’s happened to him. It’s them who owe him an apology when the truth is he should be crawling on his belly to them begging for forgiveness. That said, if I was Wills, Hell would have to freeze over before I’d let this toxic manbaby back into my life. The things this poisonous, self-pitying wimp has said and done since he left the UK about a family that has done nothing but protect him - and is still protecting him – go way beyond treachery. Because make no mistake if the royal family did decide to hit back, if they decided to tell their “truth” they could destroy Harry at a stroke. But they choose not to hurt him because they know he’s weak and unable to cope. So, they stay silent while his hammer blows rain down, while he spews vitriol about them and the tabloid press. Funny that Harry, whose hatred of the press is now verging on the deranged, doesn’t seem to get that he has invaded and trashed his family’s privacy way more than the tabloids ever have - or will. He has revealed private things about them that the British press never would. But still, he holds the tabloid media responsible for his mother’s death even though she died in a French tunnel at the hands of a drunk driver and wasn’t wearing a seat belt. There was no British press in that tunnel and an 800-page report made it clear that Diana’s death was simply a tragic accident. But Harry doesn’t care about actual facts – as his recent rantings have made clear. In fact, he likes rewriting facts as he did this week when he claimed that neither he nor Megan had ever accused the Royal family of racism. Oh yes, they did! Meghan was asked in that Oprah interview to detail her experiences of racism as a woman of colour inside the Royal family. She talked about “conversations and concerns” in the family about how dark Archie’s skin might be. At the time both she and Harry refused to say which member of the family had made the comments which meant a worldwide conversation started about who the “racists” in the royal family might be. Which was hurtful and embarrassing for all of them. And if Harry and Meghan didn’t think the Royal family were racists, why has it taken them taken nearly two years to correct the perspective that they put out there in that Oprah interview? Why is Harry only saying it now when he has his tawdry book to sell? This ridiculous man forgets he also accused the British people of being racist. He was asked by Oprah: “Did you leave the UK because of racism?” Harry’s response “That was a large part of it.” He and Meghan also accused the British tabloids of inciting racism. And it was these incendiary comments that started to turn many Brits against him. That’s the reason he’s backpedalling on this now is that those racist allegations didn’t play well for them here or around the world. Because most right-thinking people believe that when a baby is born to a mixed-race couple, a conversation about what that baby might look like is a perfectly normal conversation to have. So, the wimp is now saying the Royals aren’t racist but that they are guilty of unconscious bias. But for the life of me, I can’t see the difference between that and racism. Accusing someone of unconscious bias means they’re racist – they just don’t know it. But in all this, we mustn’t forget that this book isn’t about Harry’s “truth”. It’s not about righting wrongs or, as he ludicrously said this week because he needed to record his story for “historical fact and significance” - because there’s nothing historically significant about most of his narcissistic rantings. This book is about money - $20m of it. That’s how much Harry’s being paid to write Spare. And when people say and write outrageous, uncorroborated things for obscene amounts of money - can anything they say be believed?