In 2000, Arquette decided to become a professional wrester – an activity he associates with his late father, Lewis. "My dad used to take me to matches, and he was the voice of Superfly Jimmy Snuka [on Hulk Hogan’s cartoon, Rock’n’Wrestling]," he told The Guardian in 2020. "He died when I was 29... and I really miss him." In his 2020 documentary, You Cannot Kill David Arquette, it's revealed that the 51-year-old had a heart attack then, a year later, participated in a deathmatch. Elaborating on his life-threatening experience, Arquette told The Sun: "I started seizing up. I was like ‘I think I’m dying’ and the doctor got on the phone. "Finally, they got me the nitroglycerin and they put the two stents in. It was incredibly scary." Both his grandfather and father had died from heart problems, but the stent insertion would have saved Arquette's life. A stent is a short wire mesh tube that is inserted in narrowed or blocked arteries, which enables better blood flow to the heart muscle, the NHS explains. READ MORE: The two 'worst' pro-inflammatory foods you could have for blood clots, according to expert  One of the most common reasons for a heart attack is narrowed or blocked arteries that stop blood flow to the heart. Without an adequate supply of oxygen, the heart muscle cells die, leading to signs of a heart attack. Signs of a heart attack What causes a narrowing of the arteries supplying blood to the heart muscle? Increasing age is one factor that can increase the risk of narrowed arteries, which is also known as atherosclerosis. While this factor is non-modifiable, there are plenty of factors that are. Take, for instance, unhealthy lifestyle behaviours, such as smoking, eating an unhealthy, high-fat diet, and a lack of exercise. Regularly consuming an excessive amount of alcohol can also contribute to narrowed arteries. READ MORE: How tall are you? Your height could increase your risk of six cancers "Speak to your GP if you're worried you may be at a high risk of atherosclerosis," the NHS advises. "If you're between the ages of 40 and 74, you should have an NHS Health Check every five years." Lifestyle adjustments can make a big difference to a person's lifetime risk of a heart attack. While there is currently no treatments available to reverse atherosclerosis, a healthy lifestyle may stop it from getting worse. "Sometimes additional treatment to reduce the risk of problems like heart attacks and strokes may also be recommended," the NHS added. Interventions can include statins, or a stent insertion, like what Arquette had. "The procedure can also reduce your chances of having another heart attack in the future," the national health body adds.