SEAL Team fans were sent into overdrive earlier this week when Paramount+ bosses officially gave Bravo the green light to return for a whole host of new missions in season seven. A number of the show’s cast and crew have since taken to social media to celebrate the announcement, including Brown Jr who made sure to acknowledge the key figures who made the renewal possible. Brown Jr, like SEAL Team fans around the world, had been left in limbo waiting to discover the fate of SEAL Team prior to the renewal. After all, season six was renewed just a week after the fifth run’s finale meaning the two-month wait for season seven news felt like a lifetime. So much so, fans even flooded social media with the hashtag #RenewSEALTeam as eager viewers urged Paramount bosses not to let their beloved series end. But the renewal is now here and celebrating the news, Brown Jr penned on Instagram: “Well here we go with some fantastic news to start the new year off with! READ MORE: NCIS Los Angeles cast ‘incredibly sad’ as CBS series cancelled “You can’t imagine how grateful I am to be bringing you guys more of this show that without your love and support wouldn’t exist!” Reeling off his colleagues who made the renewal possible, the Ray Perry star continued: “A massive thanks to our showrunner and EP @spencerhudnut for leading the show with his talented group of writers constantly turning in the good!” And he even name-checked series lead and Jason Hayes star David Boreanaz, writing: “All the love to ‘a whole lotta man’ himself, EP and number one, @imdboreanaz for always being happy to punish himself for yet another season.” His tributes continued: “Big appreciation to #Chrischulack for making it look easy, my humbled awe and admiration to our cast and crew (past and present) who pour their hearts into each and every episode, and to @cbstvstudios and @paramountplus. “THANK YOU for the continued belief in @sealteam_pplus and what it means to so many people! “I’m really just the same scrawny little poor kid from the Deep South that can’t believe this is my life, and I thank God I get an opportunity each day to be better. Cheers to you all, see you soon! #merrynewyear #beefjerkytime #SEALTeam #Blessed #Military #Season7 #thankful,” he signed off. Boreanaz took to the comments section of the post to reciprocate the love his co-star showed. “Here we go! Love ya,” Boreanaz penned in response to his co-star’s kind words. DON'T MISS:The Daily Show fans call for Leslie Jones to be made permanent host Outlander’s Sam Heughan ‘couldn’t find Jamie’s voice’ in job struggleNCIS Los Angeles fans divided as Kilbride’s ex-wife joins series The delay in the renewal came as a result of back-and-forths about “ways to produce the series more efficiently for streaming”, according to Deadline. Rumours of behind-the-scenes drama were quashed but the complexities of SEAL Team’s switch from CBS to Paramount+ clearly linger. However, news of season seven’s confirmation didn’t bring with it any announcements regarding the feature-length movie also in the pipeline. Instead, Tanya Giles, the chief programming officer of Paramount Streaming, said in a statement: “We look forward to bringing SEAL Team fans even more of the series’ poignant storylines and thrilling missions with the upcoming seventh season. “The series continues to evolve and grow its audience. It is a great example of the types of programming that we see resonate with our subscribers.” With news of the renewal only recently coming to light, season seven is yet to receive a release date. But with previous series premiering in the late-autumn and winter window, it’s likely season seven will follow suit. SEAL Team seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Paramount+ now.