Leandro Trossard is 'unlikely' to make his Arsenal debut against Manchester United this weekend, according to reports. The Belgian has agreed to join the Gunners but fans may have to wait for his first appearance. Arsenal have prioritised the signing of a winger all January. And they finally look set to have added in that area of the pitch with 12 days of the window remaining. Mikel Arteta missed out on top target Mykhaylo Mudryk to Chelsea after refusing to meet the demands of Shakhtar Donetsk. But he has landed a deal for Belgium international Trossard. Arsenal have agreed to pay a fee of £21million to Brighton, with a further £6m in add-ons. A deal has moved quickly after the Gunners made their move on Thursday morning. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Trossard has to officially join Arsenal by 12pm on Friday in order to be registered to play United at the Emirates. However, CBS Sports report that it is currently 'unlikely but not impossible'. Trossard still has to travel to undergo his medical before signing his contract. Arsenal will be hoping to get the deal done in order to have him in the squad for the huge match at the weekend. Victory would further cement the north Londoners' title credentials. However, defeat would open up the door for United to enter the race alongside Manchester City. Trossard will join Arsenal with over 120 appearances in English football behind him. The 28-year-old has seven goals and two assists in 16 Premier League outings so far this season, including a hat-trick at Anfield. DON'T MISSMan Utd star Martinez has made midfield pledge ahead of Arsenal clashChelsea 'submit firm £44.5m offer' for Zidane to replace under-fire PotterArsenal alerted to 'next Gilberto' as Arteta looks to take revenge on Chelsea  However, he was recently dropped by Brighton boss Roberto De Zerbi for the reverse match against Liverpool. De Zerbi questioned the player's attitude but also said he would be open to welcoming him back into the squad. But Trossard has wanted to leave since getting the axe last week and will be making the move to the league leaders. Arteta has had to rely on Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka to start every league game so far this season due to a lack of senior back-ups. Trossard will provide experience out wide at both club and international level. He will bolster Arteta's resources alongside Emile Smith Rowe, who is now back fit following groin surgery which kept him out since September.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here