Ferrari driver Charles Leclerc is a fan of Lewis Hamilton's unique fashion sense, praising the seven-time F1 world champion for his "courage" and "good taste". Hamilton has become known for turning up to race weekends in flamboyant outfits and the Mercedes driver even launched his own clothing line in 2018, collaborating with Tommy Hilfiger on TOMMYXLEWIS. Leclerc also has a love of fashion and was asked in an interview with Italian outlet La Gazetta dello Sport if he and Hamilton ever discuss it. "Sometimes we discuss the brands we like," Hamilton replied. "He really has good taste and a lot of courage to show off the strangest looks when he comes to the circuits." Leclerc also revealed he still has plans to launch his own clothing line like Hamilton, adding: "I had started the project, but I stopped. Maybe in the future." In an episode of the Netflix documentary 'Formula 1: Drive to Survive', Leclerc was asked by a fan about those plans with his then teammate Sebastian Vettel interjecting to claim that Ferrari had forced him to scrap the project. JUST IN: Red Bull 'to have three cars on grid' as Ricciardo teases F1 return "He's not allowed," Vettel revealed. "That's why it is not happening. Because we have a partner [Puma]. So he was told off. I'm not supposed to say that. But I'm leaving at the end of the year, so I can say what I want, you know." Speaking in 2020, Leclerc opened up about his interest in fashion, telling Formula 1: "I really like clothes design. It's definitely the creative element that inspires me. "I can draw but whether I would sketch my own collection, I don't think I have that level. I have got very clear ideas of what I like but not at the point I can design my own. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton tipped for two more years in F1 despite stalled talksLewis Hamilton contract concern, Ferrari leaks, FIA on Andretti talksLewis Hamilton explains F1 doubts amid retirement promise "I have spoken to Lewis very briefly [about fashion], congratulated him for his new collection. He’s doing a great job with the brand, and I quite like what he's doing. It's definitely something I'd like to do further down the road.