Jair Bolsonaro supporters have blockaded one of the most important in the city of Sao Paulo amid clashes that saw hundreds of rioters arrested after the Brazilian army was forced to move in to control the crowds. It comes after the presidential palace and supreme court building were ransacked by the pro-Bolsonaro demonstrator who launched the insurrection after the right-winger was defeated by Lula da Silva in the 2022 Brazilian election. On Monday, Brazilian radio station BandNews FM reported: "Bolsonaristas now block the local lane of Marginal Tietê, towards Dutra, at the height of Ponte dos Remédios. Military Police teams are on site. "The road is one of the most important in the city of São Paulo"During the weekend's ugly scenes in Brasilia, rioters clubbed a mounted police officer during clashes which saw government buildings the in the capital stormed. Security forces were forced to use mounted charges, baton rounds, and tear gas to beat back the protestors. Thousands of demonstrators bypassed security barricades, climbed on roofs, smashed windows and invaded all three buildings, which were believed to be largely vacant on the weekend. Some of the demonstrators called for a military intervention to either restore the far-right Bolsonaro to power or oust Lula from the presidency. Hours went by before control of the buildings on Brasilia’s vast Three Powers Square was reestablished, with hundreds of the participants arrested. In a news conference from Sao Paulo state, Lula accused Bolsonaro of encouraging the uprising by those he termed "fascist fanatics," and he read a freshly signed decree for the federal government to take control of security in the federal district. "There is no precedent for what they did and these people need to be punished," Lula said.  TV channel Globo News showed protesters wearing the green and yellow colors of the national flag that also have come to symbolize the nation's conservative movement and were adopted by Bolsonaro's supporters. The former president has repeatedly sparred with Supreme Court justices, and the room where they convene was trashed by the rioters. They sprayed fire hoses inside the Congress building and ransacked offices at the presidential palace. Windows were broken in all of the buildings. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has joined international condemnation of scenes in Brazil, after thousands of Jair Bolsonaro's supporters stormed Congress and other public buildings. DON'T MISS:Harry and William wanted to reopen Diana’s inquest  (REVEAL)Piers Morgan says Prince Harry is the unhappiest ‘happy man’  (INSIGHT)Harry watched videos of Diana online ‘hoping to cry’ (INSIGHT)  Congress, the Supreme Court and presidential palace were all targeted by the ex-president's supporters, who refuse to accept his election defeat. World leaders condemned the demonstrations, which echoed the January 6 insurrection in Washington DC by Donald Trump supporters in 2021. The Prime Minister said on Twitter: "I condemn any attempt to undermine the peaceful transfer of power and the democratic will of the people of Brazil." He said President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has the UK's "full support".