Maye Musk, 73, spoke to Vogue about the skincare secrets that keep her looking young in her 70s. The best part? Her "age defying beauty routine" is super easy to follow. The model explained the importance of caring for the skin, no matter your age. She stated: "You have to look after your skin because otherwise you start looking in the mirror and not liking yourself - and you can't have that." For a gorgeous complexion, Maye starts off by washing her face, using just a few drops of cleanser. Her go-to is the Dior Capture Totale Super Potent Cleanser priced at $62 (around £50.25). READ MORE: Cosmetic treatment: 70-year-old youthful post-op but sends warning  Next up, she uses the 111Skin Celestial Black Diamond Lifting and Firming Treatment Mask retailed at $32 (around £25.93). This was developed by Harley Street cosmetic surgeon Dr Yannis Alexandrides, and is described as "a luxurious triple-layered treatment which instantly sculpts and firms from the neck up". In addition to using an effective cleanser and mask, Maye ensures she feeds her body - and skin - with the right stuff. She stressed the importance of eating well, stocking up on fruits, veggies and whole grains, explaining that "the skin is the largest organ in the body". Maye also applies lip balm to keep her lips soft and prevent them from chapping, perfect advice for the freezing UK weather. She said: "I have to take it everywhere. If I'm not wearing lipstick then I definitely need lip balm." Hers is a luxury balm from Saks Fifth Avenue, the La Mer retailed at £64.43. Crucially, Maye keeps her skin looking youthful by spraying Pearlosophy SPF on her face every day. READ MORE: 63-year-old woman shares youthful transformation but warns others  Sun cream is absolutely imperative to avoid sun damage, and contrary to popular belief, is not just for the hot and sunny months. However, Maye revealed that she does have a little sun damage on her cheeks due to running around sans suncream. Her teenage years were spent in South Africa, therefore she had a lot of sun exposure. To keep the area around her eyes healthy and moisturised, Maye goes for a Dior eye serum. The Capture Total Super Potent Eye Serum is available for £64. There are plenty of ways mature women can look younger without going under the knife or undergoing treatments or 'tweakments'. Facial massage has exploded in recent years, and has many skin benefits including sculpting, firming and speeding up collagen production. Revamping your makeup bag is also something older women can do to take years off their faces. Some experts recommend avoiding super dark lip colours as it can sometimes look too harsh against the skin - which becomes paler and more translucent with hair. It's also possible for women to shave years off their age with a new haircut. A soft fringe offers a cheaper, less invasive alternative to botox, while layers can perk up a face that is starting to sag a little. Investing in highlights or balayage can soften the face and might be more flattering for mature women than extremely dark tones. 