Chelsea have been busy in the transfer market since Todd Boehly bought the club from Roman Abramovich at the end of last May. And the Blues, who spent £88million to hijack Arsenal’s attempts to land talented Ukraine winger Mykhaylo Mudryk earlier this month, have managed to sign a full starting XI of players who are aged 24 or under and could star for them for the next decade. Last August, Chelsea signed USA goalkeeper Gabriel Slonina from MLS club Chicago. The 18-year-old is yet to make his debut for the Blues first-team but will be working alongside Kepa Arrizabalaga and Edouard Mendy to gain the experience he needs to be a top Premier League shot-stopper. The west London giants completed the signing of Lyon right-back Malo Gusto on Sunday after stumping up £31m in exchange for the 19-year-old. And the teenager will compete with Reece James to become Graham Potter’s first-choice right-sided defender. On the opposite flank, 24-year-old Spain international Marc Cucurella put pen-to-paper on a deal at Stamford Bridge last season after already impressing in the Premier League under Potter at Brighton. Centre-back Wesley Fofana, 22, was brought in from Leicester at the start of last season and has been tipped to achieve big things at Stamford Bridge, while 21-year-old central defender Benoit Badiashile joined the Blues from Monaco earlier this month. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    Boehly strengthened the Chelsea midfield last year by landing highly-rated 18-year-old Carney Chukwuemeka from Aston Villa as well as 20-year-old Inter Milan ace Cesare Casadei. And the American bolstered his team in the middle of the pitch once again in January by agreeing a deal with Brazilian club Vasco Da Gama to sign another 18-year-old in the shape of Andrey Santos. Further forward, Chelsea will now be confident of ending their problems in front of goal after the arrival of Mudryk. The 22-year-old bagged 10 goals and eight assists for Shakhtar Donetsk earlier this campaign before moving to west London. DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart   The Blues also acquired the services of 20-year-old winger Noni Madueke from PSV during the second half of the current window after prising 20-year-old striker David Datro Fofana away from Molde on the first day of January. Chelsea have certainly got a much younger look to their squad following their recent arrivals and also have fellow youngsters James, Mason Mount, Conor Gallagher, Armando Broja, Joao Felix, Lewis Hall and Omari Hutchinson available to Potter. So the future appears to be bright at Stamford Bridge, with the players only likely to get better and better over the next few years as Chelsea look to battle for title honours once again. 