Kelly Monteith, who hosted his own self-titled show on the BBC between 1979 to 1984, has died at the age of 80. The Anglophile Channel, a Los Angeles-based production company that worked closely with him, has confirmed the sad news of his death.  The ground-breaking American comedian was one of the first in the UK to be given his own BBC series. A statement from The Anglophile Channel read: "It is with great sadness that The Anglophile Channel announces the passing of our dearest friend and teammate, award-winning comedian/host, Kelly Monteith. "Kelly was an integral part of TAC having co-hosted Brit Flix with Kelly, Paul and Two-Buck Chuck and Kelly’s BBC Memories. “In 2015 Monteith and Paul Boland were awarded the National Arts and Entertainment Journalism Award for Best Television Anchor/Host by the Los Angeles Press Club. READ MORE: Cliff Richard's agony as friend who lived with him for 30 years dies "After a few successful appearances on the Des O’Connor Show, Monteith starred in his own successful comedy series, 'Kelly Monteith', which ran on the BBC for six seasons. “Monteith co-wrote his titular series with Neil Shand. Monteith was one of the first American comedians to get his own show on the BBC,” the statement continued. "In America, Monteith starred in two series on CBS called, The Kelly Monteith Show and The Hit Squad. “As Kelly often remarked, one of the highlights of his career was performing for Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth Il at the Royal Variety Performance in 1983. The statement went on to discuss the late comedian’s wife and family. "His time in England was incredibly special to Monteith. During his time there, he met his future wife Caroline,” it read. “The couple have two children. Kelly will be deeply missed at The Anglophile Channel, in the world of comedy and by his family and friends alike." Comedy fans were heartbroken by the news and took to social media to pay tribute to the legend. READ MORE... Ant McPartlin’s ex-wife Lisa sparks concern with cryptic post [INSIGHT] Karren Brady blasts 'self-obsessed' Meghan as Kate honours Queen [NEWS] Ola Jordan slips back into Strictly catsuit amid 3.5 stone weight loss [NEWS] Sanjeev Kohli tweeted: “Sad news about Kelly Monteith. Funny, personable & (like Dave Allen) way ahead of his time. “Judging from the reaction on here he was a bigger influence than he ever knew.” (sic) Lee Thompson penned: “Kelly Monteith. A name that means almost nothing to anyone under 55. “My wife just looked at me blankly when I told her he’s died. But he was such a huge star on BBC2 back in the day with his own show.” (sic) Nick Pettigrew wrote: “RIP Kelly Monteith. Prototype of Garry Shandling, Seinfeld, etc. and obviously influenced by George Carlin. “Way ahead of his time but not seen as such because he made his innovation mainstream. Loved him as a kid.” (sic) Steve Doherty added: “This is sad news - I loved Kelly Monteith, when I was a kid. He had a series buried away on BBC 2, midweek, mid-evening. “A sort of a stand-up/sitcom crossover before we had crossovers.” (sic) While Welsh writer and stand-up comedian Bennett Arron remembered: “Kelly Monteith has passed away! “A few years ago I said in an interview that, along with Morecambe and Wise, Tommy Cooper and my father, he was one of my favourite comedians. “He heard about it, got in contact and thanked me. It's sad that many won't know of him. #RIPKellyMonteith.” (sic)