NBC’s hit procedural series Chicago PD follows the personal and professional lives of the elite Intelligence Unit as they combat crime across the city. However, fans could gain some new insight into Kevin Atwater (played by LaRoyce Hawkins) after an unexpected arrival. After season 10 premiered in September fans have remained hooked by the tense and thrilling storylines. However, many were left twiddling their thumbs after the shocking mid-season finale forced viewers to wait until Friday for more. Episode nine will likely show the fallout of Sean O’Neal’s (played by Jefferson White) death and what it means for detective Hailey Upton (Tracy Spiridakos). The show has revealed the following episode will take a deep dive into Atwater’s past. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton unrecognisable after transformation The synopsis for episode four, Long Lost, reads: “A shocking ambush at a funeral leads the team into a heated investigation to find the shooters. “Much to Atwater's surprise, he must rely on someone from his past to help in the investigation, dredging up old memories and revealing new truths.” Although it's yet to be seen who this unidentified person is to Atwater, it could potentially be an estranged family member. Throughout the series, the police officer opened up about his troubled upbringing and the tough motivation behind his work in law enforcement.  Atwater had previously shared that growing up his father and other family members were incarcerated, which scared him into staying out of trouble. As a result, he became the legal guardian of his younger siblings Vinessa (Bobbi Mackenzie) and Jordan (Kylen Davis) who have both made sporadic appearances in the show. However, after their safety was threatened, Atwater made the tough decision to let his siblings move to Texas to live with his aunt. As fans have also questioned the whereabouts of his parents, his mother could make an unexpected arrival. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' downfall [REACTION]Chicago PD’s fans pay tribute after Kim’s ‘traumatic’ episode [REACTION]Chicago PD season 8: When does Chicago PD return in 2021? [INSIGHT]  Although Atwater also wants to be promoted to detective, the actor LaRoyce Hawkins revealed his character has some personal challenges to overcome. “I think before Atwater makes detective, we're going to watch him have to make some tough decisions," he said. The actor teased: “We're going to watch his leadership grow within the unit. “Obviously, there's a space open for detective since Jay is gone.    “I think Atwater is in a perfect position to be able to move into that slot, but it's not going to be easy. “And he has to show his unit and Sarge, more than anybody, that that's the position that he's going to be able to hold down,” LaRoyce told CinemaBlend.com. Despite this, some viewers are convinced Atwater could be the next officer to leave the intelligence unit. Concerns grew after the officer shot and subsequently killed a young man, to which LaRoyce told Parade: “Ultimately, whether Atwater loses his job or not, I think he’ll be able to live with himself if he can continue to look in the mirror and know that he did his best, and he tried from the right place.”  Chicago PD season 10 returns Friday, January 6 on NBC. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 