Kate Middleton has looked ready for business at her royal engagement recently. One pair of elegant earrings that she wore paid tribute to the late Queen Elizabeth II, according to a style expert.  The Princess of Wales welcomed eight experts specialising in early childhood development to Windsor Castle, who advised her on the work of her Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood. For the meeting, she opted for her signature Alexander McQueen blazer. The Princess has worn the designer brand on numerous occasions, most notably when she chose its creative director Sarah Burton to design her wedding dress. Though it was her choice of accessories that caught royal fans' eyes and they couldn't help but notice that the Princess was wearing a pair of pearl earrings. READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert  Jewellery experts at Steven Stone have taken a close look at the elegant earrings and have shared everything fans need to know, including where they've seen them before. Maxwell Stone, a jewellery expert at Steven Stone, spoke to Express.co.uk to give some context about the earrings. He said: "Whatever the event, Kate Middleton is always impeccably-dressed. "Last week, we saw her welcome experts specialising in early childhood development to Windsor Castle, whilst sporting an elegant Alexander McQueen blazer.   "Though it was her pearl earrings that caught our eye." The expert noted: "This particular pair are by Simone Rocha and were first worn by the Princess of Wales when she filmed a video for the Wildlife Photographer of the Year awards in October 2020. "Though she's worn them many times since, including at Wimbledon in 2021." READ MORE: Kate Middleton diet: Doctor shares Duchess’ ‘secret’ to slim frame  The pearls look as if they are attached to gold-tone mental curb-chain links and finished with post-back fastenings. Mr Stone claimed: "The chunky earrings feature round faux pearls attached to gold-tone metal curb-chain links. "It's not the first time that Kate's worn pearl jewellery and she's especially fond of her her Collingwood diamond and pearl earrings, which she inherited from Princess Diana."  Mr Stone suggested: "Since the sad passing of Queen Elizabeth II, the royal ladies have worn pearls as a sweet tribute to the late monarch, who fell in love with pearl jewellery as a child and regularly wore it throughout her life - including a pearl necklace that she received from her father King George VI for her coronation in 1937. "The earrings retail for £225. Despite having a wealth of royal jewels available to her, Kate has been seen in several pieces of affordable jewellery in the past. "On Christmas Day 2022, the Princess of Wales stepped out in a pair of ocean blue Dina earrings from Sézane that retail for just £100." 