Season 12 of Death in Paradise landed on BBC One on Friday evening, with Detective Inspector Neville Parker (played by Ralf Little) leading the Saint Marie team to investigate an astronomer's death. Neville was working alongside "living legend" Commissioner Selwyn Patterson (Don Warrington), but fans were left fearing the 71-year-old, who has been in the show since the start, is being "written out" of the script. Trinidadian-born British actor Don has portrayed Selwyn since 2011 and he has been a firm favourite among fans. So viewers were thrilled to see him in the first episode of season 12 working alongside Neville after an astronomer was found dead at the bottom of a cliff. However, it wasn't long before fans started growing concerned that it may be the end of an era for the Commissioner after spotting a clue during last night's episode. Many viewers noticed how Don's character did not have much screen time during the instalment, which has triggered them to believe this is the start of an exit storyline for him. READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer Philip Lickley tweeted: "I wonder if this is the start of writing Don Warrington out? #DeathInParadise." Debbie Blackman exclaimed: "No no no @deathinparadise can never lose the Commissioner. We won't be happy. Selwyn is #DeathInParadise. She added: "I am worried about Selwyn." Angela Thompson replied: "Surely they wouldn’t write him out. He’s a great character."  A concerned @KBSquared44 commented: "Selwyn unkempt and unshaved? What's going on? #DeathInParadise." However, Russ Kane added: "@lizbourgine @deathinparadise What a lovely scene with you and Don Warrington when you gave him advice regarding his newly discovered daughter. "Sensitively played. Excellent start to series 12. So lovely to see blue skies when you're in grey London! #DeathInParadise." (sic) Steve shared: "Just caught up with Episode 1 of the latest series of #DeathInParadise. Glad it's back, a lovely way to kick off the weekend." DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise fans ‘work out’ Neville Parker exit twist [UPDATE]All we know about the Death in Paradise season 12 episode count [LATEST]Death In Paradise's Ralf Little addresses uncertain future on show [INSIGHT] Other actors who have returned for season 12 include Sergeant Naomi Thomas (Shantol Jackson, Officer Marlon Pryce (Tahj Miles) and Darlene Curtis (Ginny Holder). Rounding off the main cast for the new season is Catherine Bordey (Elizabeth Bourgine). Ahead of the popular show's Christmas special, Neville actor Ralf paid tribute to his co-star Don. "Don Warrington is literally a living legend," Ralf gushed. "Every time I’m in a scene with him, I’m thinking about how lucky I am.  The end of season 11 saw the Commissioner hit with a bombshell from the blue as he learned he has a daughter. Will this knowledge get in the way of his current investigation with Neville and the rest of the force? At the end of Friday night's episode, he told Neville: "I know you've been trying to get hold of me for a few days. I've had some personal stuff to deal with." Death in Paradise airs on Fridays at 9pm on BBC One and previous seasons are available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 