Liverpool have reportedly joined the race to sign Borussia Monchengladbach star Kouadio Manu Kone. The France U-21 star is attracting interest from some of Europe’s top sides following his impressive start to the season in the Bundesliga. The Reds are desperate to strengthen their midfield ranks over the coming transfer windows, with a summer overhaul expected. Jurgen Klopp’s side have paid the price for a lack of investment in that department this season, with their 3-1 loss to Brentford on Monday highlighting that. And with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Naby Keita and James Milner all in the final year of their contracts, Liverpool will need to acquire top talents sooner rather than later. Borussia Dortmund star Jude Bellingham is the No 1 target at the end of the season, though Klopp is hoping to prise more talent away from the Bundesliga. According to Fabrizio Romano, the Reds are one of four clubs keen to sign Kone, though Monchengladbach are not willing to part ways with the 21-year-old until the end of the season. The player and his agents are also thought to be keen to postpone transfer plans until the summer. Paris Saint-Germain, too, are ‘well informed’ on Kone’s situation, with Bayern Munich also keeping tabs on the midfielder’s situation. Following their takeover, Newcastle are now capable of shopping in the same markets as some of Europe’s top clubs and they are also keen to sign Kone. Eddie Howe wants to bolster his midfield ranks this month in order to provide the depth needed for him to guide the Magpies to a return to European football. Thus, they could turn their attention away from Kone depending on whether they solve their issues in January. Kone is valued at £22million by Transfermarkt, though his potential will certainly see the playmaker attract a transfer fee over that. The former Toulouse star is contracted to Monchengladbach until 2025, with the German side holding the option to extend the deal by a further year. Liverpool are in need of midfield recruits this month and it remains to be seen whether they attempt to push the Bundesliga side to change their stance in order to reach a quick-fix deal for their issues. If the Anfield outfit are not able to improve in the second half of the season then they will not finish in the Champions League places, which could have a significant impact on the calibre of players they can attract over the summer – including Bellingham.