Aries You may need to explain to a friend that your lack of enthusiasm for a group event has nothing to do with the activity, the venue or their company. It will be just the timing that is wrong. Your focus now is to work hard to provide a stable and secure background for your family. Taurus It seems to be a law of your life these days that as soon as money arrives through one door, it goes out through another. You might wish your financial situation could be more stable but it is just one more expense after another. Gemini You may have to find masses of patience and quiet understanding when someone you care about starts behaving strangely. Their comments could have you slightly confused when they seem to have interpreted a recent situation very differently to the way you happen to see it.   Cancer You have a tendency to turn your mind inward but don’t let this become too much of a habit. Come out of your shell and take up at least one of the many opportunities out there to try new social, educational or work experiences. Leo Someone who is starting to gain a reputation for not being trustworthy will try to share a secret with you. Refuse to listen. This is something you are better off not knowing about. Red tape and other frustrating restrictions will cause some kind of stalemate regarding a financial or legal matter. Virgo Jobs that require more attention to detail than usual won’t seem to be going very well. Unusual for you, but you will be struggling to keep your mind on the job. It might help to turn to other activities that don’t take so much mental effort.   Libra Someone in the family will reveal some fanciful notions they have for the future. You will get the instant impression these are goals they will never get to realise. Instead of giving a negative response, try to suggest other ways to make their dreams come true. Scorpio You won’t take much notice of an envious friend or colleague’s comments. You want to get on rather than sit around talking about what everyone else is doing or going to do, and that’s what makes you different from them. An offer you had not expected to receive is worth consideration. Sagittarius A senior colleague’s strange mood is starting to get you down. Since you can’t work out what it is that is upsetting or bothering them, don’t dwell on this for too long. As long as you are carrying out your work to the best of your abilities, don’t take any negative remarks too seriously.  Capricorn An inexperienced colleague could in a roundabout way give you an idea on how you might improve your own performance. Be open to learning from others. It might be just a small amount but it is worth putting some cash aside into savings every month. From little acorns, oaks will grow. Aquarius If your life feels a little empty or you aren’t happy in your work, this could be because you aren’t doing anything that is spiritually rewarding. Think about doing some volunteer work. As well as the pleasure that helping others will bring, this will also allow you to mix with people you wouldn’t normally meet. Pisces Sensitivity can be an asset but it can also be a pain when you read more into other people’s words than is there. Because you are feeling vulnerable, bear in mind that unless you can take as good as you give, it would be better to keep some views and opinions to yourself. 