Two rare monkeys have disappeared from a zoo hit by a series of suspicious incidents in recent weeks. The pair of rare emperor tamarin monkeys are believed to have been stolen - days after a leopard escaped through an "intentional cut" in its enclosure and a vulture was mysteriously killed.   The dwarf monkeys, with whiskers resembling a white moustache, are native to South America. The species can be found in tropical rainforests and mountainous regions of Brazil, Bolivia and Peru. Authorities launched a preliminary investigation into the latest incident at Dallas Zoo in the US state of Texas on Monday. In a statement, Dallas Zoo said: “Dallas Zoo alerted the Dallas Police Department after the animal care team discovered two of our emperor tamarin monkeys were missing. JUST IN: Golden retriever police dog appears in yearbook photo after student plea   “It was clear the habitat had been intentionally compromised.” Officials at the 134-year-old zoo added: “Emperor tamarin monkeys would likely stay close to home - the Zoo searched near their habitat and across the Zoo grounds, and did not locate them. “Based on the Dallas Police Department’s initial assessment, they have reason to believe the tamarins were taken.” Dallas Police Department released an image of a man detectives want to speak to about the missing monkeys. READ MORE: Tyre Nichols' mother is 'not going to stop' fighting for justice   However, later this evening the zoo released an update announcing that the cheeky pair have been found. The statement read: "We are thrilled beyond belief that our two emperor tamarin monkeys have been found. DPD located the animals early this evening, and called our team to come secure and transport the tamarins back to the Zoo. They will be evaluated by our veterinarians this evening." A separate incident on January 13 involved a three-year-old clouded leopard named Nova disappearing after the fence around her enclosure was “intentionally cut”. Dallas Zoo closed to the public following her disappearance, which was regarded as a “serious incident”. Nova weighs 25 pounds and was described as being “bigger than a house cat and smaller than most bobcats”. Vulture Pin, 35, who was one of only 27 lappet-faced vultures in captivity in the United States, died at the zoo on January 24 in suspicious circumstances. DON'T MISS:Memphis cops filmed crying over pepper spray as Tyre Nichols lay dying[SPOTLIGHT]Nichols' brother 'hopes' 5 cops die as 'outraged' Biden backs protest [INSIGHT]Bodycam video shows five officers beating man as he begs for help[REVEALED] Dallas Zoo’s CEO Gregg Hudson revealed a $10,000 (£8,000) reward is on offer for information which leads to arrest and indictment. Express.co.uk has approached Dallas Zoo for comment.  