During an interview with Jeremy Kyle's for his TalkTV show, Ms Maxwell offered no apology to the victims of Jeffrey Epstein, which left viewers and Jeremy Kyle fuming. Kyle appeared to also be furious, asking "why not apologise?". Viewers took to Twitters to express their fury, with one user, Grant Rivers, tweeting: "I'm still shocked that at no part of any of this where she apologises to her victims!" Another user, Sandra Pascoal-Lima, wrote how Ms Maxwell should have "respect for the victims", adding a question over why Jeremy Kyle is now "giving a voice to convicted pedophiles and sex traffickers from prison?" READ MORE: 'Sociopath' Maxwell delivers 'punch to the gut' of Epstein's victims in new interview A third user, barbaradees, tweeted that the whole things is "just insane". Lawyer Lisa Bloom, who represented the victims, said that Maxwell added yet another "punch to the gut" with her failed apology. Ms Bloom said: "She's a sociopath, she's not expressing any remorse or any apology because she doesn't feel it. "She's never going to and if she ever did express it, it would be scripted for her so it would advance something on her behalf." READ MORE: 'Sociopath' Maxwell delivers 'punch to the gut' of Epstein's victims in new interview In Ghislaine's interview, the 61-year-old also expressed her personal doubts about the veracity of a picture allegedly showing Andrew with his accusser Virginia Giuffre. Andrew, whom has repeatedly denied the accusations made against him, told Newsnight in 2019 that he had "no recollection of ever meeting" Virginia. Also in the interview, Andrew claims that he does not regret friendship with paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. DON'T MISS Charles's two-fold dilemma over Harry and Meghan Coronation attendance [LATEST]Harry and Meghan's local bookshop has sold only 30 copies of Spare [REPORT]Rishi Sunak could block Harry from Coronation against Charles' wishes [EXPLAINER] Prince Andrew was spotted in public for the first time since Christmas, on Wednesday. The Duke of York was pictured making his way to Windsor Castle, around the Royal Family's Berkshire estate.