New Islanders Jessie Renée Wynter and Aaron Waters will have to choose not one, but two contestants, to boot out of the villa on Wednesday's instalment of Love Island. The Australian bombshells admitted to each other how "nervous" they are ahead of the huge decision in their hands.  Following the public vote, Tom Clare, Haris Namani, Kai Fagan, Tanyel Revan, Tanya Manhenga and Anna-May Robey are all at risk of elimination.  Love Island spoilers for tonight's instalment have revealed a torn Jessie whispers to them: “Love you guys.”  She then walks across the garden with Aaron to make their final decision.  The Australian beauty admits: “I’m so nervous”. Aaron assures her: “So am I, I’ve got no idea, I don’t even know where to start.” READ MORE: Tony Blackburn hits back at BBC complaints 'Switch it off'   Aaron and Jessie struggle to come to an agreement when talking about one of the boys as Jessie says: “He’s like one of my best friends in here.” Aaron responds: “I know, I actually like all of the guys, but you can’t think like that.” Jessie says: “OK, let’s break this down,” as Aaron finally asks for her decision. ITV bosses have not confirmed which two Islanders will exit the South African villa.    Elsewhere in the episode, Aaron is keen to establish a connection in the villa with one of the girls. He catches up with Zara Deniz Lackenby-Brown in the gym area and asks if she’s open to getting to know him more. A keen Zara replies: “I am yeah, I think we get on really well.” She continues: “I don’t know if I’ve told you, but on the outside, you’re more my type, looks wise, that I go for and what I’ve gone for in the past.” DON'T MISS...Love Island’s Iain Stirling defends cast as 'really genuine people' [UPDATE]Love Island’s Zara sparks uproar as fans slam ‘hypocritical’ move [MUST SEE]Love Island fans 'expose' real reason behind Olivia and Zara's feud  [INSIGHT]   Aaron tells the model: “I think you’ve surprised me most out of everyone, obviously you’re very attractive.” During the evening, the Islanders are treated to a 90s-themed party around the pool. Will Young announces the news after receiving a text about the back to the 90s bash and tells everyone to get ready. Shaq Muhammad says: “90s party in the Villa, I’m absolutely buzzing! I’m gonna be bringing out all the moves tonight.”   The contestants adorn their best 90s-inspired looks as they are decked out in tie-dye tops, bucket hats and neon mini-dresses. The celebrations don't last long as one of them gets interrupted by a text - but what could this mean for the Islanders? Could some more people be joining the villa or are more Islanders at risk of going home? Love Island continues tonight on ITV2 and ITX at 9pm. 