Crown Princess Mary is known for her impeccable wardrobe of both designer and more affordable, high street pieces. She also rewears outfits often, showing her commitment to the environment, as well as her concern for budget and financial issues. Mary, Crown Princess of Denmark, is the wife of Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark, the son of Queen Margrethe II. Mary and Frederik yesterday, January 3, attended a New Year’s reception at the Christiansborg Castle in Copenhagen – the Danish royal family’s palace. The party began with speeches and Queen Margrethe thanked the diplomatic corps who were in attendance. The Crown Prince also wished the guests a happy New Year, standing next to his wife, Mary. For the occasion, Mary donned a beautiful Julie Fagerholt gown – the designer is a Danish one and Mary has worn the dress before. Interestingly, the royal donned the gown to the same event in both 2017 and 2010, accessorising the garment differently each time. The gown had a shiny, silver bodice with long sleeves and a round neckline. It also had a tiny slit from the neckline to the waistband of its skirt. The skirt was silver too but covered in a leaf-like pattern. The skirt was figure-hugging but fell in a flowing style as it hit the floor.  The dress reached Mary’s feet and, underneath, her heels were barely visible. Mary wore the Gianvito 105 Fumo Grey Suede Pumps by Italian designer Gianvito Rossi. This is a popular label among European royals, with the likes of Queen Letizia and Kate, Princess of Wales, owning pairs of shoes by the designer. Interestingly, Mary has worn these shoes on many occasions in the past – since 2015. Queen Maxima of the Netherlands and Queen Mathilde of Belgium also own a pair of the suede heels. READ MORE: 'Fatal' royal rift 'caught on camera' but Kate tries to save the day To complete her outfit yesterday, Mary carried a Hugo Boss clutch called the ‘Soada’, which was also grey and suede. Maxima also carried a pair of white gloves and, as for jewellery, she wore an oval brooch and a pair of dangling earrings that appeared to be teardrop-shaped pearls. Her brunette hair was slicked back in a neat, low ponytail and she wore her usual make-up of coloured in brows, black mascara, and shiny lipgloss. Royal fans were quick to comment on Mary’s gown, with many particularly praising her for the recycling of it. Isabel Quintana wrote on Instagram: “She looks gorgeous. And all repeats. This dress was also a rework of one she wore before with a jacket. B.T. should take notice.” Farah Louisa said: “So many repeats – each one just brilliant. Other royals can take note.” User @midastouch95 commented: “Well done Mary for repeating clothes! She hasn’t aged a bit in 13 years.” Jennifer Wilson added: “Beautiful, hard working Crown Princess Mary. Always elegant.”