Bernie Ecclestone has admitted his cheeky response to a client who once threatened him with a gun. The heated exchange began after Ecclestone questioned the legality of a second-hand car he had just purchased. The former F1 supremo had just found out the client didn’t own the vehicle he had just sold to Ecclestone. The 92-year-old claimed he then simply told the client that “the cheque won't be cleared” if they decided to pull the trigger. Ecclestone even admitted the pair went into his office for a chat with the culprit eventually going on to become a regular customer. The bonkers incident happened back in the 1960s when Ecclestone owned a car dealership in Bexleyheath. He opened up on the bizarre event in his new Discovery+TV series, Lucky. READ MORE: Bernie Ecclestone almost paid Lewis Hamilton's Mercedes F1 contract He said: “I’d, um, bought a car from someone and then found out it was finance so the guy didn’t own the car. So I stopped the cheque and the guy duly appeared to explain to me how he’d like the cheque cleared and produced a gun from under his sweater to show me. "I explained to him I didn’t know what he was going to do with it, you know. It certainly wasn’t a pain to come to some agreement about something, and ‘if you shoot me, the cheque won’t be cleared. Let’s have a chat.’ So we went to the office and discussed things and obviously, we sorted it out. I paid him…cleared off the finance or said I was going to and paid the difference. And then he became a very good customer from then on in." Ecclestone purchased Brabham’s F1 team in 1971 for just £100,000 before setting his sights on the sport itself. He negotiated better TV terms for FOCA in 1976 and became its chairman just two years later. DON'T MISSBernie Ecclestone 'would've thrown Max Verstappen out of Red Bull' [COMMENT]Bernie Ecclestone picks sides in Verstappen and Hamilton fight [INSIGHT]Mick Schumacher hits back at Ecclestone as ex-F1 chief savages driver [ANALYSIS] The British businessman is credited for evolving F1 into the modern entertainment model it is today, amassing an incredible fortune of around £2.4billion ($3bn). Ecclestone stirred controversy last season when he was caught carrying a gun in Brazil. He claimed a “silly, tiny little incident” had caused aggravation after he tried to leave Sao Paulo on his private plane last May. After the incident, he said: “I haven't had any publicity lately and I thought I ought to do something to get some.”