  Earlier this week, Prince William revealed one of Kate Middleton’s talents while helping out in a kitchen for Together as One, a charity which helps those experiencing loneliness or social isolation. While working with a group of young people to prepare chicken teriyaki, he told them: "Catherine is a very good cook."      Kate Middleton has spoken about her love of cooking in the past, according to teacher Matthew Kleiner-Mann, who said the Princess of Wales spoke about cooking with students while visiting Lavender Primary School. He said: "She was telling us how much her children love cooking and how they cook for her. “They made cheesy pasta the other day. One stirs the flour, one puts the milk and butter in. And they make salads and stuff." Royal correspondent Katie Nicholl has also revealed that the royal enjoys cooking, and said: "In the evenings, [Kate Middleton] indulges her hobby of cooking William’s favourite supper, roast chicken. That’s their idea of the perfect night."      However, Kate Middleton has admitted she is not particularly talented at knitting, despite finding the craft an “amazing skill”. In 2020, the royal was visiting Glasgow and told a group of women who were showing her their crocheting that she had attempted to knit a jumper for Prince George. Kate Middleton said: "I've been trying to knit and I'm really bad. I should be asking for tips. I tried knitting when I first had George. "I tried to knit him a very special jumper, but I got halfway down and it splattered. It's such an amazing skill." READ MORE: Meghan, Harry, William and Kate face popularity ‘death knell’     Kate Middleton also has an interest in the outdoors, as she designed a garden for the RHS Chelsea Flower Show back in 2019. The garden was created to celebrate the countryside and encourage families and local communities to spend time in nature. At the time, the Princess of Wales said: "In recent years I have focused much of my work on the early years, and how instrumental they are for outcomes later in life. "I believe that spending time outdoors when we are young can play a role in laying the foundations for children to become happy, healthy adults." DON'T MISS:Prince Harry tipped for balcony snub  [REVEALS]Royals’ survival in peril as King Charles fails to emulate mother [INSIGHT]Andrew to face Coronation snub as royals wants to avoid 'legal' battle [REPORT]    Kate Middleton’s interests can also be seen in her charity work, as she has supported a number of charities dedicated to the arts, and her first royal patronages were art-focused organisations, which included the National Portrait Gallery of London. As an art history graduate from the University of St Andrews, Kate Middleton has been noted for having a love of drawing and photography. In 2021, the talented royal used her artistic talents to thank the communities in Scotland she and Prince William visited during a royal tour by sending a postcard which featured a sketch she had drawn of the University of St. Andrews. The postcard read: "To the people, communities and organisations we visited and heard from; and those who stopped to wave and make our return to Scotland so special — thank you!"   