Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag boasts an undroppable duo who can help return Champions League football to Old Trafford after a year-long hiatus. The Red Devils' squad has rarely been scarce of elite talent, but a modern coach pulling the strings is helping produce a run of results that has been a rarity since the days of Sir Alex Ferguson. United enter 2023 with momentum on their side, winning five games and keeping three clean sheets on the bounce in all competitions. Since losing 6-3 to Manchester City on October 2, Ten Hag has guided his side to 12 wins, two draws and just one defeat, propelling them into the top four for the first time this season. Such a run seemed impossible to conjure after the club's worst-ever Premier League season in 2021/22 and the Dutchman's opening two defeats to Brighton and Hove Albion and Brentford. However, his vision is slowly being recognised at United, and two players are going a long way in helping that happen. It should come as no surprise that Raphael Varane and Casemiro have emerged as two undroppable forces in Ten Hag's plans. READ MORE: Sancho accused of turning up late for training ahead of Man Utd return  The duo were central in one of the most successful eras in Real Madrid's storied history and have brought their winning mentality across the Channel. Between them, they have lifted one World Cup, one Copa America, nine Champions Leagues, seven Club World Cups, six UEFA Super Cups, six La Ligas, six Supercopa del Espanas and two Copa del Reys. And their stats since reuniting as team-mates at United pay homage to the experience and class they offer Ten Hag at Old Trafford. Varane and Casemiro are yet to concede a single goal while playing together for the Red Devils. DON'T MISS: Everton 'knocking on the door' for Anthony Elanga move in next step  The only time United have conceded after both started was Jorginho's late penalty in October's dramatic 1-1 draw at Stamford Bridge, but Varane had already left the pitch injured. On top of that, the Frenchman has only conceded against three clubs this season: Arsenal, Manchester City and Liverpool. United have shipped just four goals in seven home Premier League games under Ten Hag, the least in the top flight. Such a feat is undoubtedly owed to Casemiro and Varane's presence. Both have the quality to raise the standard of the rest of the team, which is currently sealing the three-time Champions League winners a return to the competition next season. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here