Lewis Hamilton’s contract negotiations have stalled despite Mercedes bosses wanting the star to stay. The seven-time champion admitted talks with the Silver Arrows over a new extension had not even started. The Mercedes star suggested the reason for the delay was down to the gruelling season which came to a close in November. He told Bild: ”We haven't started yet. So far, there has been no time for this, we were on the road.” Hamilton’s existing deal keeps him with the team until the end of 2023 but the British star has previously hinted that a multi-year increase could be on the cards. Team boss Toto Wolff has previously suggested sorting out a new deal for the 37-year-old would happen over the winter. Wolff recently said Hamilton could even continue in the pinnacle of motorsport for another five years. He doubled down on his support, claiming there was “no reason” not to continue working together. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton explains F1 doubts amid retirement promise Wolff added: “Well, the job list is pretty long in what is needed to be done. But certainly, Lewis’ contract is one of the topics that we will tackle over the winter. But there is no firm deadline. "Lewis is part of the team and the team is part of Lewis. There is no reason to not continue.” Hamilton confirmed his intention to sign a multi-year deal with the team earlier this season. He even refused to put a limit on how long he could remain in the sport but hinted he had one eye on his future beyond racing. DON'T MISSMercedes blamed by F1 chief for rule change [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton left 'devastated' after Ken Block dies in accident [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen puzzled by Lewis Hamilton crash woes as he aims jibe [COMMENT] He said: "I really, really don't know what the next five years (hold). I think we're still trying to work on that. There are a lot of great things being put in place… I want to continue, I think there's more stuff for us to achieve together so I want to be here longer." Hamilton has since stressed he planned on working with Mercedes for the rest of his life. Wolff has also revealed the talks would also look into what Hamilton could do with the team after he walked away from full-time racing. He commented: “He's much more than a driver to us now. And although we're not talking about a career end, it's also important to speak about his role as an ambassador for Mercedes and the many sponsors we have and the implication he can have in our wider universe.”