January always feels like the longest month and it’s officially over, but with it comes a short February, and before we know it, spring will be upon us. So before 2023 gets well underway, Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to astrologer Inbaal Honigman who revealed what can be expected in February for each star sign. Looking at the month in full, Inbaal said: “February of 2023 is a month like no other, with all planets going direct. No planets are retrograde all month, none at all. So those random complications and interruptions that get in the way of everyday life are going to be taking a break. “Aquarius season is about doing good, taking care of those less fortunate, and supporting causes and charities that need our help. Stepping forward for animals, for oppressed minorities, and equality for all, is the Aquarian way to roll. “Leading into Pisces season, starting on the 19th, which is a time for romance and the family. Valentine's Day this year would be a stable, predictable affair. No nasty surprises.” Inbaal said: “All month long, Jupiter is in your sign. This is the planet of growth and generosity, and it means that throughout February, you'll experience expansion on all levels. If you have a business, you'll watch it grow. If you're thinking of adding to your family, this is your time to take a step forward. For those looking to ask for a pay rise - go for it.” READ MORE: Chinese horoscope 2023 - The most successful animal in the zodiac “Uranus, the planet of innovation, is in your own sign all month in February,” she explained. “This means that your ways of making money change, and new ideas and investments come to light. “On the 8th, this same planet Uranus, strikes a favourable angle to your ruling planet, Venus. This means that the 8th is a great time for you to sign the papers on a new house or a new business premises.” “Mars, the planet of sex and war, has been in your sign for a few months, during which time it's been going retrograde, meaning backwards for about 10 weeks, and direct, meaning forwards for about 10 weeks before that,” the expert commented. “When Mars is good, it is very very good, and when it is bad, it is awful. Luckily, in February, Mars is going direct, so you'll feel very energised, attractive and quick-thinking.” “Watery and emotional, Cancer is ruled by the moon - and the moon is the fastest moving ruler in our solar system, going through all 12 signs of the Zodiac every month,” Inbaal said. “This is why your moods can be so changeable! “The full moon on the 5th is a big day for you, a time to remember what you want to achieve and to wish for the perfect outcome. The new moon on the 20th is equally important, encouraging you to start a new project or job.” DON'T MISS...Makeup artist shares eye makeup mistake women 40+ should avoid [VIDEO]Garden expert shares ‘no1’ cat deterrent that ‘works within 3 hours’ [EXCLUSIVE]Moment ‘besotted’ Harry ‘cringes’ at Meghan in Netflix series - claim [COMMENT] She revealed: “The full moon in Leo on the 5th offers you the opportunity to manifest some extra joy and success in your life. Your ruler is the Sun, bright and upfront, very different to the moon, which is mysterious and spiritual. So the meeting of energies between the esoteric full moon and the blunt and honest sunny sign of Leo is an interesting moment which will move you towards examining your personal beliefs.” “Your ruling planet, Mercury, is the planet of communication, and it visits two signs during February,” the astrologer said. “First, it is in Capricorn until the 10th, which is an Earth sign like you. The influences would be those of success in business and being taken seriously around the workplace. “It then moves to Aquarius for the rest of the month, and this will be your time to speak up for the voiceless. Aquarius is a humanitarian sign, and its influence means that you'll be taking action and fighting for the rights of those who need your help.” READ MORE: Astrologer shares horoscope for each animal sign this Chinese New Year “Your friendliness and calm nature make you a popular sign to have around, which could be attributed to your ruling planet, loving and gentle Venus,” Inbaal added. “In February, Venus is in romantic Pisces until the 19th, which makes this part of the month emotionally rewarding for you - including Valentine's Day! “The rest of the month sees Venus in Aries, so you'll end the month with a playful vibe and lots of laughs.” “Your modern ruling planet is Pluto, the planet of transformation,” she continued. “Another way to think about Pluto is as the planet of death and rebirth. “This planet has been in Capricorn since 2008, starting a chain reaction of economic disasters, so it might not sound like exciting news that it's still in Capricorn - but next month, Pluto finally moves into Aquarius, and that's a big change! It'll be popping back and forth for another year and a half, but this is the final full month of Pluto in Capricorn, so financial uncertainty is nearly over.” “On Valentine's Day, this February 2023, the moon is in Sagittarius,” Inbaal revealed. “Valentine's Day is on the 14th, and it is the modern version of the ancient Roman fertility festival of Lupercalia, which used to take place on the 15th of February - and the moon is in Sagittarius for that date as well! This means that the moon, which rules dreams and fantasies, is blessing you for those two special days - don't shy away, and let your romantic urges take the lead.” “Mercury, the planet of communication, is in your sign until the 10th,” the expert noted. “This brings good fortune around business. Since Capricorn is a very business-minded sign, the boost from communicative Mercury means that messages, plans and organisational skills and systems work very well for you during those 10 days. “Following on from the Mercury retrograde in Capricorn of December and January, you'll be relieved and delighted that you can take things easy this month, and still find success.” “Happy Birthday Aquarius, and welcome to Aquarius season!” Inbaal remarked. “The Sun is in your sign until the 19th, and this helps you get things done, and find success wherever you look for it. “In addition, Mercury, the planet of communication is in your sign from the 11th, so you get positive replies to messages sent months ago, and your social media is brimming with friend requests from great contacts.” “Family plans and holidays are in the works,” she said. “Venus, the planet of love and the home, is in Pisces until the 19th, and matters of the heart are central to your life. Pisces season starts on the 19th, closely followed by the Pisces New moon on the 20th, which means things go in your favour, and people around you listen to what you have to say. You'll be pulled to spending more time with loved ones, and making festive plans together, well in advance."