With winter continuing to set in, and bills set to soar again later this year, millions will need all the support they can get. One form of help comes through a Cold Weather Payment, available to some of those getting certain benefits or Support for Mortgage Interest (SMI). Eligible individuals will receive a payment if the average temperature in their area is recorded as, or forecast to be, zero degrees celsius or below over seven consecutive days. People will receive £25 for each seven day period of very cold weather in their area. Not all benefit claimants will be entitled to a Cold Weather Payment if it is triggered in their area - so it is important to check. However, for those who do get the payment, this could provide help with bills or day-to-day costs. READ MORE: Cost of living payment to take ‘sting’ out of energy bill hike After each period of very cold weather in one’s area, a person should get a payment within 14 working days. This is paid automatically into the same account a person gets their benefit payments. The Cold Weather Payment scheme runs from November 1, 2022 to March 31, 2023, so there is still time for new payments to be triggered. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has established a website to provide clarity on the payments which are available. DON'T MISSMan retires at 53 with strategy to protect income from inflation [EXCLUSIVE]DWP urges Britons to check they are getting right support [INSIGHT]Millions of Britons to get up to £1,350 in cost of living support [LATEST] People will be able to check if a payment is due in their area through this website. All they will need to do is enter the first part of their postcode to find out. For example, if a postcode is LS1 1AG, then they will only need to enter LS1. With this postcode, one Cold Weather Payment has been triggered between December 7 and December 13, 2022. READ MORE: Money-saving challenge that promises almost £7,000 in one year The website will also tell Britons the weather station used to determine the temperature. For instance, in the LS1 area, the weather station is Bramham. Some people may get more than one Cold Weather Payment, if their area has met the temperature trigger on more than one occasion. This could mean payouts of upwards of £50, depending on how many times the area becomes eligible. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea A full list of the eligible postcodes in which households may be eligible for a double payment is as follows: People should note if they live in Scotland, they can no longer receive a Cold Weather Payment. Instead, these individuals might get an annual £50 Winter Heating Payment instead. Eligible people will get this payment regardless of the weather conditions in their area.