The impact of post-Christmas debt and higher energy bills in 2023 could lead to a significant increase in Britons reducing their pension savings, according to new research from the Pensions Management Institute (PMI). However, this reduction could see pension savers feel a "double whammy" hit as they lose out on additional tax benefits, an expert has warned. The research shows most retirement savers have so far continued to pay contributions to registered pension schemes, despite pressures on household incomes from rising living costs. However, according to the PMI, there is evidence that this may change. The research unveiled that of those saving into a pension scheme over the past twelve months, 13 percent have reduced their contributions and a further 20 percent are considering doing so over the coming months. Up to seven percent of those polled have already ceased their contributions, while the number of savers who are feeling the impact of the cost of living crisis is nearly half (40 percent) already.  READ MORE: ‘Impact of inflation’ can’t be ignored by state pensioners  The PMI expects this number to continue to rise, possibly rapidly, particularly when the cost of Christmas and higher energy bills are felt. Energy bills are due to rise in April 2023 as the energy price guarantee for the average household will increase from £2,500 to £3,000 – a staggering 20 percent uplift from its current level. Commenting on the findings, PMI president Sara Cook, said: “The pressures of meeting short-term needs for cash have forced many people to make decisions which could have serious implications for their longer-term financial security.”  DON'T MISS: 10 key dates to look out for in 2023 for your money [INSIGHT]Brits have £250 a month less disposable income due to cost of living [FINANCE]Expert shares tip to save 'hundreds' as bills rise £1,316 year on year [EXPLAINED]    Ms Cook explained how PMI research shows that a significant proportion of the general public is saving at rates “lower” than they were twelve months ago, but while they are aware of the impact this will have, they “feel that they have no alternative”. However, Ms Cook pointed out: “By reducing or stopping contributions altogether, savers will be subject to a ‘double whammy’ in that they will not enjoy the benefits of tax relief or employer contributions. "Our research serves as an early warning that the public is finding it harder to take a longer-term view of retirement saving when short-term pressures have become so great.” READ MORE: Some Britons are due a council tax break for two months in 2023   A need to make savings has not been confined to contributions. Of those old enough to do so, 17 percent have withdrawn money from their pension savings to meet short-term needs. Over 75 percent of workers were concerned that the cost of living crisis would have a detrimental impact on their plans for retirement and 70 percent believed that they would have to defer retirement. The research also indicated workers typically expect they will need to work for an extra three years due to the crisis, while 28 percent believed that they would never be able to retire at all. Have you stopped paying into a pension? Have your say in the comment section.  Ms Cook added: “It is tragic that all the good achieved by automatic enrolment over the last decade might be undone by desperate people being forced to make short-term decisions at the expense of their longer-term security.” She said that whilst concern about the consequences of retirement during the current crisis was shared equally across all age groups, all income levels and all regions, the nation as a whole has “lost confidence in its prospects for a comfortable retirement”, which is something that “should alarm us all.”