With the ongoing cost of living crisis, as well as high petrol and diesel prices, many drivers are looking for ways to cut their fuel bills. Experts are now urging motorists to check their engine oil to help reduce their fuel consumption and make their fuel go further. A spokesperson for Insurance Revolution warned drivers of the importance of using engine oil to keep their cars up to standard. They said: “Car owners are often not mindful about the engine oil specifications on the vehicle handbook. “But you should know that when the handbook has mentioned a certain kind of engine oil for your car - it has done it for a reason. “Not all engine oils are compatible for every kind of engine. Some engines need specific lubricants to make the most of their efficiency. READ MORE: Drivers slam 'unfair' parking fines as 'another reason not to buy EVs' “If you don’t give them that, they cannot perform at their best. “As a result they would ask for more volume of fuel, thereby staggering your driving costs. “So, be smart enough to check out for the engine oil specifications in your vehicle handbook.” Experts at GSF Car Parts also urged drivers to keep on top of their oil and water levels, especially before going on long journeys. DON'T MISSDrivers could see changes to car ownership with new schemes [REVEAL] Common money-saving car insurance myths busted [INSIGHT] Government could seek to 'cash in' from electric car sales [WARNING]  Aside from keeping the engine lubricated and running smoothly, the engine oil can also have an important bearing on a driver’s fuel efficiency and the vehicle’s overall performance. Engine oil can improve the fuel economy of a vehicle as it has a lower viscosity. Moving thicker fluid through the engine uses more energy due to friction in key places like the oil pump and piston. The experts at GSF Car Parts said: “When buying engine oil, look out for a few important numbers that indicate its viscosity. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's car collection ‘reflects’ her personality  “Taking 05W-20 oil as an example, the number before the ‘W’ stands for ‘winter’ and refers to the cold viscosity performance, and the one after it stands for the oil’s viscosity after the engine has warmed up. “In the 1990s, 20W-50 and 10W-30 were the most commonly used oils, but today these have been superseded by 05W-20 and even 0W-20 oils in newer engines.” With standards improving for the fuel efficiency of vehicles, drivers are set to benefit from having to visit the petrol station less often. Automotive manufacturers are also under constant pressure by consumers to improve the fuel economy of their vehicles.  In 2012, the US Environmental Protection Agency set a goal that the average new vehicle would get 54.5 mpg (23.2 km/L) by 2025. The latest data from RAC Fuel Watch shows that prices for all fuel types should fall sharply in the next few days and weeks. A litre of unleaded now costs an average of around 150p per litre, with drivers facing a price of around 172p for diesel. The prices could, however, change in less than two months when the 5p fuel duty comes to an end.  