Arsenal are reportedly weighing up a move to sign Real Madrid starlet Eduardo Camavinga on loan until the end of the season. The Gunners are mulling over making an approach for the youngster this month as Mikel Arteta targets a big-money deal to bring Declan Rice to the Emirates Stadium in the summer. The Spanish boss is looking to sign another central midfielder to add some depth as the Premier League leaders aim to win their first domestic title since 2004 and Camavinga would improve his options. Camavinga, 20, is seen as an ideal short-term signing to bolster Arteta's midfield as the France international has struggled for minutes in La Liga this season. Arteta has finally resolved his long-running search for a winger with the £26m signing of Leandro Trossard from Brighton, with Spezia centre-back Jakub Kiwior also set to join in a £22m deal. And landing a player of Camavinga's talents would send a message to title rivals Manchester City and Manchester United that Arsenal are ready to back their manager in their quest for silverware. The Evening Standard report that the north London club are considering a loan move to bring Camavinga in until the end of the season. READ MORE: Arsenal 'agree deal' for Jakub Kiwior in second January transfer Camavinga has only made five starts in La Liga this season with Federico Valverde, Aurelien Tchouameni, Toni Kroos and Luka Modric all ahead of the centre midfielder in Carlo Ancelotti's plans. He did make two appearances in the Spanish Super Cup in Saudi Arabia where Madrid lost 4-0 to Barcelona, and it remains to be seen whether the Spanish giants would welcome such an approach. Camavinga would know that some of his colleagues past and present have enjoyed fruitful spells in the Premier League after opting for a January switch. Martin Odegaard earned a £35m permanent move in the summer of 2021 after a successful temporary stint, while Dani Ceballlos spent 18 months on loan before returning to the Santiago Bernabeu. DON'T MISSArsenal and Tottenham target Zaniolo explains upcoming Roma meetingWest Ham star Rice has transfer preference with Chelsea keenArsenal's fresh stance on signing Tielemans after Mudryk transfer Madrid would surely be reluctant to part ways on a permanent basis with one of the world's most promising midfielders but a short-term move, with his wages covered by Arsenal, could be welcomed by all parties if it means Camavinga featuring regularly. It would also benefit Arsenal, too, in fitting with their long-term plans, with Arteta preparing a summer transfer bid to lure Rice away from West Ham. The 23-year-old has made it clear he wishes to play Champions League football and that appears to be unrealistic at his current club, who are in the relegation places. Rice's current deal expires in 2024 and, if he does not sign a new contract, the Hammers will likely be forced to cash on the England international this summer. They value Rice at around £100m, but Arsenal would be looking to pay a considerable amount less, with Liverpool, Chelsea and both Manchesters City and United likely to be monitoring his situation. And that is why a temporary move for Camavinga would solve Arteta's short-term issues, knowing that Rice could be waiting to seal his move in the summer, with Youri Tielemans a cut-price option.