Experts at Bristol Street Motors have noticed that Google searches for "how to get cheap car insurance" are up 50 percent compared to this time last year, while queries for "car insurance hacks" are also up 33 percent. However, there are many misconceptions about obtaining cheaper premiums that could, in fact, land motorists in hot water. To help those looking to take out or renew their car insurance, the experts at Bristol Street Motors have debunked some common insurance myths. New drivers typically have to contend with inflated insurance premiums when they first get on the road. READ MORE: Urgent warning issued to drivers as insurance claims rise by a third To reduce this cost, some may attempt to declare their parents, who have years of road experience, as the main driver of the car. However, this is an illegal act and could result in a £5,000 fine and six points on the licence. Instead, it is worth reviewing whether covering an extra driver, with good driving history, will help reduce the premium rates. Just remember that they should not be listed as the main driver. Drivers who spend time at two or more addresses, such as students or young people with separated parents, may be tempted to list the address on their policy as whichever is in the most rural area. DON'T MISS Cyclists warned of Highway Code rule that could lead to £2,500 fines [WARNING] Petrol and diesel drivers could be wasting £188million worth of fuel [INSIGHT] Motorists must report 10 'surprising' medical conditions to the DVLA [REVEAL] After all, densely populated areas with higher crime rates typically have more expensive premiums. However, it is not a foregone conclusion that living in a more remote location automatically results in cheaper car insurance. There is still a chance that living in a rural area could result in a higher premium, particularly if there is a high volume of accidents in that location. There may be other risks, such as wild animals on the road, or if the road is prone to treacherous conditions, that impact the price. It is best for the policy to be accurate, so drivers should opt for the address where they and their car will spend the most time at. This should also be aligned with where they are registered to vote, as many insurers use the electoral role for ID-checking. For the best possible deal, drivers should always shop around and compare car insurance policies. About a month before the policy is up for renewal, drivers should take their time reviewing different insurers and policies to see where they can save the most money. READ MORE: UK drivers warned of fines for driving a petrol or diesel car in Spain However, they should bear in mind that, in January 2022, the FCA introduced a new law for car insurance. The law means that any customers renewing their insurance cannot be charged more than the price new customers would be charged for the equivalent policy. As a result, the rise in premium rates year on year will be less significant than it has been for drivers in the past. So, when doing your research for renewal, don’t forget to include your current provider in any cost comparisons. While black boxes do help to cut costs for careful drivers, many believe – and are put off – by the idea that black boxes impose curfews on drivers. While this has been true in the past, especially on early black box policies, it is no longer the case. Instead, black boxes are now used to record driving data, including information like speed, braking, the time of day people drive, and how sharply they turn corners. While they might not have a curfew limitation, they can impact insurance. If car owners drive sensibly, their insurance could be cheaper, as they are considered "low-risk drivers" and less likely to make a claim. The opposite is also true, with reckless driving potentially causing the premium to go up.