Carlos Alcaraz is out of the Australian Open but will return to the court as early as next month. The Spaniard was preparing for the chance to win his second consecutive grand slam at Melbourne Park, but an untimely leg injury ruled him out. “When I was at my best in pre-season, I picked up an injury through a chance, unnatural movement in training," he tweeted last week. "This time it's the semimembranosus muscle in my right leg. "I'd worked so hard to get to my best level for Australia but unfortunately I won't be able to play the Care A2+ Kooyong or the Australian Open. It's tough, but I have to be optimistic, recover and look forward. See you in 2024 @AustralianOpen." But the teen has since appeared in a video message on social media outlining which tournament will mark his return to the tour. "I wanted to let you guys know that I will be playing the Argentina Open,” the US Open champion announced. "I'm honestly super excited to travel to Argentina and play there, so I hope to see everyone there. I'll see you soon." JUST IN: Novak Djokovic avoids Rafael Nadal in Australian Open draw as Spaniard faces tough opener  The tournament in the Argentine capital of Buenos Aires, where home favourite Juan Martin del Potro played his last match almost a year ago, will commence on February 11. Alcaraz's schedule also looks set to take him to Rio the week after - where he is the defending champion - and then Acapulco. Alcaraz will then be expected to compete at the ATP 1000 event in Indian Wells in March before defending his title at the Miami Masters 1000 event the following week. After being dealt the huge blow of missing the Australian Open, Alcaraz could lose his world No. 1 ranking depending on results at the the first major of the year, with Novak Djokovic, Casper Ruud and Stefanos Tsitsipas the names in the frame. Following his rapid rise up the rankings and incredible success in 2022, tennis legend John McEnroe warned the Spaniard that he now has a target on his back. "Now, a win over Alcaraz is a lot bigger than it was a year ago, for anybody, so the key is to try and embrace the idea,” the American told Eurosport's Arnold Montgault. “I think of being able to enjoy it but at the same time looking for ways to understand what it’s going to take to stay there. Because it’s one thing to get there but I believe it’s far more difficult to maintain that.” He added: "It’s going to be very interesting to see how he handles it. I worry a little bit because it’s a lot to put on some kid's shoulders at 19. “So it will be interesting to see what happens with him, if he’s able to maintain or else they talk about a 'sophomore slump' a little bit, and it’s hard to imagine something like that won’t happen to a certain degree.” 