Britons are increasingly turning to new and different banking options to boost returns on their savings and investments. The Bank of England has recently raised interest rates to three percent which has been passed onto savers via high street banks and building societies. However, NS&I is also making new changes to its popular savings product, Premium Bonds, which could entice savers going into the New Year. Unlike other savings accounts, Premium Bonds does not pay interest in the same way as most traditional products from banks and building societies. Instead, NS&I’s customers are automatically enrolled into a prize draw which takes place every month and gives them the opportunity to win up to £1million. Savers can win other large amounts via Premium Bonds including £100,000, £50,000 or £25,000, with the smallest among being £25. At the beginning of every month, NS&I announce the winners of the prize draw with two people taking home the £1million. READ MORE: Pension triple lock ‘needs reform’ for ‘means-tested’ payments Last month, NS&I confirmed it would raise the prize fund rate for Premium Bonds in January 2023 from 2.20 percent to three percent. This represents the third consecutive rate hike from the Government-backed financial institution with £80million in extra cash now being available. In May 2022, the prize fund rate was at one percent which means it has tripled in the space of seven months. For January 2023, savers will see the Premium Bonds’ prize fund to an estimated £299,572,750. Notably, there will be three times as many prizes for January 2023 worth £100,000, £50,000, £25,000, £10,000 and £5,000. However, the odds of winning money from Premium Bonds will stay fixed at 24,000 to one for customers. Despite this, Ian Ackerley NS&I Chief Executive, outlined how this change to the savings product will see “higher value prizes” being more offer. The head of the financial institution explained: “The New Year increase to the Premium Bonds prize fund rate will mean that customers will have seen the prize fund rate triple in less than a year. READ MORE: Waspi women wait for compensation verdict as 'cruel' rumours fly “This means a bigger prize pot and more higher value prizes for our customers – a great way to start 2023. “The change to the Premium Bonds prize funds rate, as well as the changes to Direct Saver, Income Bonds and Investment Account, will mean that our products are priced appropriately when compared to the rest of the savings market. “This will also ensure that we continue to balance the interests of savers, taxpayers and the broader financial services sector.” Despite this recent boost to the prize fund rate, experts are highlighting that the nature of Premium Bonds means that significant returns are “unlikely”. Gary Hemming, the commercial lending director at ABC Finance, said: “Premium Bonds are a safe way to invest, but you run a big risk of not receiving any return on your money – especially if you hold less than £5,000. “While you can win big and benefit from excellent returns, the reality is that this is unlikely and with average returns of 2.2 percent, you can get stronger returns from regular savings accounts currently. “With inflation higher than even the highest interest savings accounts, the real value of your savings will drop over time. “It’s important that you mitigate this by locking in valuable interest at the best rate you can get to protect the buying power of your money as much as possible.”