Mykhaylo Mudryk would not be able to make his Arsenal debut in Sunday’s north London derby clash with Tottenham even if his mega-money transfer to the Gunners is completed before kick-off. Mudryk is reportedly closing in on a deal to move to the Emirates Stadium from Ukrainian giants Shakhtar Donetsk. The winger has been the subject of intense interest from Arsenal and Premier League rivals Chelsea this month. However, both clubs were uneasy about spending his £100million valuation. Shakhtar have been demanding the eye-watering fee as they feel Jack Grealish’s move from Aston Villa to Manchester City 18 months ago has set a precedent for similar players. They also missed out on fees for key players when FIFA ruled that foreign stars could leave Ukraine for free following the Russian invasion. Wide-ranging reports claim that Arsenal are set to strike a deal with Shakhtar for Mudryk over the coming days. A structured agreement is likely to be put in place where Arsenal pay significant add-ons and bonuses. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte takes swipe at Arsenal's FA charge But the 21-year-old would not be able to play against Spurs even if Arsenal completed the transfer before 4:30PM kick-off on Sunday. Premier League rules state that new signings must be officially registered before noon on the last working day before the next fixture. Its rules say: "Subject to the provisions of Rule V.1, the deadline for receipt by the Board of all duly completed documents required by these Rules to effect the registration of a Player shall be 12 noon on the last Working Day before the date of the first League Match in which the Club making the application intends him to play, save that the international transfer certificate and evidence of eligibility to take up employment in the United Kingdom (in both cases if applicable) may be provided thereafter (but must be provided before the Player is eligible to play for a Club in a League Match)." That would put Mudryk out of the North London derby but it could see him face Manchester United a week later. That is providing he is signed by midday on Friday, 22 January. DON'T MISS...Chelsea in crisis - Boehly's Potter sack chats, trio under fire, moreArsenal boss Mikel Arteta gives priceless reaction to Mudryk questionArsenal 'set to break record' for Mudryk as final fee almost agreed Mudryk has been desperate to join Arsenal this month. The attacker has made several subtle hints on social media about wanting the move. Chelsea have also expressed an interest in signing Mudryk. The Blues held talks with Shakhtar in London last week, but the arrival of Joao Felix is likely to have seen their head turn to other targets. Regardless of the Chelsea situation, Mudryk is set on Arsenal. According to Football London, a deal appears to be increasingly likely to happen before the end of the window with Arsenal closing in on striking an agreement with Shakhtar.