Winfield is concerned about the recent rise in stand-ups being attacked on stage by wild audience members. Will Smith's shocking Oscar night slap assault on Chris Rock highlighted a rise in attacks on comedians while at work. But America's Got Talent: All Stars' Winfield admits he feels that "rambunctious" crowds are often better for material - and great for his social feeds. Winfield, who landed a golden buzzer from Simon Cowell to earn a place in AGT All Stars finals, cites "boozy wild crowds" as "some of my favourites". Speaking exclusively on camera, Winfield said: "Comedians are getting their butts kicked. And that is really not funny. "Comedians are getting punched and I am gonna hire someone that is like Terry Crews' size to protect me because you never know. "Every joke, no one is going to receive it the same. Somebody is going to be offended even by the cleanest material. READ MORE: Netflix’s real Squid Game series horror as players ‘stretchered off’ "You cannot walk around living in fear. I have got to learn how to fight." Fans have been shocked by assaults on performers like Dave Chappelle and Chris Redd at high-profile comedy gigs. Oscar winner Smith's assault during the Academy Awards also highlighted how comics are now in the firing line. Baltimore raised Winfield, who now lives in California, and he admits he loves audiences to be upbeat and fuelled by alcohol. "I don't like to say this publicly but I like my crowds with big energy and rambunctious because I get to play along with it and riff and every show is different,” he went on. "Things have changed in the last three or four years where I just want to have fun with the crowd. "Then I have more stuff to post on my page because I am recording every show." History was made on the recent episode of America's Got Talent: All-Stars by Winfield thanks to judge and executive producer Simon Cowell pressing his Golden Buzzer. DON'T MISS:Bella Ramsey admits to 'cheating' during emotional Last of Us scenes [QUOTES]NCIS fans 'work out' Nick Torres exit twist as 'replacement' joins [REACTION]Blue Bloods’ Abigail Hawk leaves co-star ‘crying’ with sweet tribute [LATEST] Impressed Simon said: "You've come back funnier, and more confident. You know what, Mike? I love, love, love people who compete. "And I wasn't expecting to do this but I'm gonna do it," Cowell added before pressing his Golden Buzzer. Winfield, who was eliminated in the Top 10 of the 2022 series, was eager to return to the stage and compete. "I was devastated, the way I got sent home," he said. "It actually pushed me to work hard. Ever since America's Got Talent it's just been nothing but star-studded life experiences." Winfield has grown close to supportive judge Howie Mandel. "Our relationship has really grown in such a great way,” he revealed. “I hang out with him now. I hang out at his production company. I see how shows are made and pitched ... I know he's been in the business so long, and he's successful. “So I kind of just pick up things that he's doing and know that there's going to come a time when I need to implement some of these same practices." AGT: All-Stars airs on Mondays at 8/7c on NBC and the next day on Peacock.