Liverpool have been warned Jude Bellingham will choose Real Madrid if they make a move for him in the summer. Arsenal and England legend Sol Campbell says a switch to the Bernabeu would be perfect for the teenager. Bellingham is likely to be one of the stories of the summer transfer window. He is being targeted by numerous clubs in England and in Europe. The midfielder's stock rose further with his performances at the World Cup in Qatar. Liverpool have been widely reported to be one of the clubs leading the way for Bellingham's signature. But Campbell is adamant he will choose Real if they come calling. Speaking to Italian website TuttoMercatoWeb, Campbell said: "Madrid is one of the biggest and most historic clubs in the world and if his career were to go in the same direction, it would be perfect. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  "He's young and can grow further, he needs the right club and the right coach but it's clear that there are always variables that make you lose time and years. But if I think of Madrid, I think of a club that can help him grow further. "They know what to do with the best young players in the world, how to make them perform. If you are strong, you stay there for a long, long time and he is one of the best talents in the world. "He has to keep his feet on the ground, keep learning, not get distracted, but Madrid would be perfect for him. Of course, at the beginning it will be hard, he will have to bear the pressure, but if he succeeds, I don't see any problems." DON'T MISSMudryk spotted talking with transfer chief as Arsenal edge closerBenni McCarthy received huge fine for weight gain before helping Rashford fireArsenal can target three other Barcelona players after Eric Garcia  Missing out on Bellingham would be a major blow to Jurgen Klopp. The Liverpool boss has spoken of his admiration for the 19-year-old and his interest is well known. Bellingham joined Borussia Dortmund from Birmingham in 2020 and has already made over 100 appearances for the Bundesliga giants. Campbell says there is no need for the Three Lions star to return to the Premier League if Real are indeed interested. He added: "He left Birmingham to go to Dortmund, you can go to come back to England but if Madrid call you, you don't need to think you have to come back. If Real calls you there is no need to think about a big English club, and there are many, but Madrid has history, they have the Champions League, they are a big club, and the same would be true for Barcelona."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here