Alexander Zverev gave an irritable press conference after crashing out of the Australian Open in the second round. The 12th seed was playing his first official tour event since getting injured at the French Open seven months ago and found himself ousted by lucky loser Michael Mmoh 6-7(1) 6-4 6-3 6-2. While Zverev had previously admitted his expectations were low early in his comeback, he was still left unhappy with the result as he gave a snappy news conference following the match. Zverev made his long-awaited return to tour competition at the Australian Open this week, marking his first official tournament since he went down injured during his French Open semi-final against Rafael Nadal back in June, tearing several ligaments in his ankle. The world No 12 had narrowly avoided defeat in his opening match but couldn’t hold on in the second round as he crashed out to Mmoh. The 19-time title winner appeared in good spirits during the match despite losing and being pooed on by a bird in the process, but he was irritable afterwards as he suffered his earliest exit at a Major since Wimbledon in 2019. Zverev was asked “How’s it going?” in the first question of his press conference, and quickly snapped back as it became clear he wasn’t happy. “How is it going? I think you can answer that,” the 26-year-old quipped. He was then asked for his thoughts on the match and the low expectations he had spoken about ahead of the tournament and said: “ I think I've answered that a lot. I didn't have any expectations. I didn't have any goals, and it was a good test for me.” JUST IN: Kokkinakis smashes racquet as Andy Murray wins point in Aus Open rally   Reflecting on his opening match against Juan Pablo Varillas, he added: “I played a five-setter, and I know where I am physically. That's about it.” But Zverev knew he wasn’t at the form that saw him battle with Nadal for three hours in his French Open semi-final before getting injured, saying: “I guess I still have a long way back to where I was.” The former world No 2 did shut down any injury fears as he confirmed he no longer had any physical issues but said his issue came with a lack of fitness and conditioning. “My foot is healthy, but I'm not at the physical level that I was,” he said. DON'T MISSThanasi Kokkinakis explodes in fury at umpire with Andy Murray remarkNovak Djokovic 'worried' as Serb makes decision on quitting Aus OpenDjokovic has just had his Kyrgios moment at the Australian Open “I'm not as fast. Definitely my conditioning is not as good as it was. So I think I still have a long way to go to there.” But he did take one positive from his short-lived run in Melbourne as he could see his improvement after just one official tournament. “Yeah, I think the last weeks I was getting better and better, and that is something very positive for me,” Zverev concluded. 