Chelsea could condemn Arsenal to another Mykhaylo Mudryk situation if their big-money pursuit of Enzo Fernandez fails on transfer deadline day. The Blues hope to complete a record deal for Fernandez before Tuesday's 11pm deadline but reportedly have a backup plan bound to unsettle their London rivals. The Athletic report Chelsea have submitted a £105million offer for the Benfica midfielder, triggering his release clause in Lisbon. Todd Boehly is insistent on getting the deal done before the January transfer window closes to bolster Graham Potter's squad further. Fernandez's arrival would rocket launch Chelsea's winter spending to around £320m, based on the reported transfer fees of their six signings so far. Among them is Mudryk, who joined in an £88.5m deal from Shakhtar Donetsk after Chelsea hijacked Arsenal's strong interest. The 22-year-old winger had even continuously pleaded for the move on social media as the Gunners tried to negotiate a fee before Chelsea gazumped their efforts. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE And the Stamford Bridge giants could strike again if they fail to get Fernandez over the line, with Brighton and Hove Albion midfielder Moises Caicedo the latest subject. Chelsea are said to find dealing with Benfica difficult as they vie to avoid a summer bidding war for the 2022 World Cup's best young player. And the Independent claim they are ready to turn to Caicedo and rival Arsenal for his signature in a blockbuster deadline-day battle. The report states that Brighton want around £90m to part ways with the Ecuadorian this month, and Chelsea are willing to match it more than the Premier League leaders. Arsenal have seen two bids rejected already for Caicedo, with the latest worth £70m plus £5m in add-ons but are preparing to make a third offer. DON'T MISS: Maguire 'running out of patience' at Man Utd and preparing exit plan  If they aren't careful, they could be blown out of the water again while they hesitate to match the Seagulls' valuation. After Chelsea's dire start to the campaign under Thomas Tuchel and Potter, Boehly hasn't held back in heavily investing in the club's playing staff. Alongside Mudryk, David Datro Fofana, Benoit Badiashile, Andrey Santos, and Noni Madueke have arrived permanently, and Joao Felix on a £9m short loan. Boehly will hope Fernandez or Caicedo's arrival before the deadline will help launch a top-four push in the second half of the season. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here