State pension age changes to 68 may be accelerated, according to reports this week. A review is currently considering whether the increase to 68 should be brought forward to 2037-39, but the Treasury may be amending this. Chancellor Jeremy Hunt is considering a rise to 68 by 2035, The Sun reported this week, a move which would affect millions. But what support could be further away for over 66s as a result? The free prescription age in England is currently 60, and has been for many years, but there is currently a consultation which seeks to change this. If successful, the eligibility age for free prescriptions would rise to align with the state pension age - currently 66 and rising. READ MORE: Pension age increase could hand you £22,000 Such a move, which has not yet been decided, could mean millions have to wait longer for a free prescription unless they are exempt in another way. Currently, the charge for a prescription in England is £9.35 per item, but in Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales, everyone can get a free prescription regardless of age or circumstance. In the devolved nations, as well as London, people can secure a free bus pass at the age of 60 - as long as they apply. However, in most areas of England, the free bus pass age is aligned with the state pension age. As a result, a rising state pension age could also see many Britons wait extra years to become entitled to free travel. DON'T MISSMetro Bank issues warning on ‘callous and unfeeling’ fraud [WARNING]Britons set to work past state pension age as ‘retirement not option' [INSIGHT]State pension age ‘should be reduced’ despite hike to 68 planned [LATEST] At present, this benefit is only available to those of state pension age and above, meaning a rise would affect future entitlement. The sum offers extra money to help with living costs for pensioners who are on a low income, separate from the state pension. The benefit tops up weekly income to £182.60 if a person is single, and joint weekly income to £278.70 for those with a partner. Pension Credit is a “gateway benefit”, meaning it opens Britons up to other forms of support such as a free TV licence for over 75s, housing cost assistance, and council tax discounts. Eligibility for these additional forms of support could be impacted by a rising state pension age. In a similar way, Attendance Allowance is exclusively available to state pensioners who have a disability or condition severe enough to need support. Individuals could be eligible for £61.85 or £92.40 a week to help with personal support. They do not have to have someone caring for them in order to claim. For those under state pension age who have a disability or health challenge, PIP may be a suitable payment - but this comes with its own eligibility rules, which will need to be checked. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People can check their state pension age through the Government’s online tool. It outlines: However, as the state pension age is under review and may change in the future, the tool may not provide a person’s actual retirement age. A DWP spokesperson recently told Express.co.uk: “No decision has been taken on changes to the state pension age. “The Government is required by law to regularly review the state pension age and the second state pension age review is currently considering, based on a wide range of evidence including latest life expectancy data and two independent reports, whether the rules around state pension age remain appropriate. The review will be published in early 2023.”