Sofas are one of the most used items of furniture in the home and as a result, they can fall victim to spillages and stains. However, a mum has found a simple way to deep clean her sofa using items she already had in the house. The mum-of-one shares lifestyle and home hacks on her TikTok page @capricesmum, where she has amassed an audience of 159K followers. She explained that all you need to clean your sofa is a washing machine tablet, some hot water, a clean cloth and a nail brush. While most people tend to have laundry tablets in the house, the good news you can purchase them for as little as 16p per pod from certain supermarkets. Asda, for example, sells a pack of 20 sensitive non-bio capsules for £3.25, which works out at 16p per tablet. The TikTok mum shows how she allows one laundry pod to dissolve in a basin of hot water to create a sofa-friendly cleaning solution. READ MORE: I removed window condensation to prevent damp and mould - here’s how While her laundry pod is soaking, she removes the sofa cushions and then vacuums up any crumbs or dust. The mum then vacuums each of the sofa cushions separately. Next, she wraps a nail brush in a clean, white cloth and dips it into the soapy water. It's best not to use a cloth that is coloured, as the dye may transfer to your sofa. Then, she tackled her sofa by using the cloth to scrub the fabric using a back-and-forth motion. Sofa cushions should be cleaned in the same way, although these are best done separately to ensure nothing is missed. For more stubborn stains, she removed the nail brush from the cloth and then scrubbed the affected area directly with the bristles. DON'T MISS7 methods to stay warm at night without heating as temperatures drop [EXPLAINER]Save over £800 on your gas bill by adding DIY ‘barrier’ to home [COMMENT]Rural villages 'under assault' by greenfield property development [INSIGHT] According to the mum, the detergent does not leave any soapy residue behind as long as you fill your basin with enough water. In the comments section, one viewer asked her: "Did you shampoo the soap out in the end? No hate at all but I don’t think you can leave soapy water on your couch. It might ruin it." The TikTok mum replied: "It doesn’t leave any residue behind if you dilute the detergent pod in a large enough basin of warm water." After thoroughly scrubbing, you should allow your sofa and cushions time to dry before placing them back into their original positions. The video has so far amassed 285.5K "likes" from TikTok users, with many thanking the mum for sharing her tips. Heather said: "I did this to my couch this week and it worked so so good." [SIC] Before tackling any stains or dirt on your sofa, you should first check the care. Most sofas come with a cleaning tag which will let you know what you can and can not use to clean your sofa. This is especially true of sofas made from leather, velvet or suede, where certain products can damage the material. The instructions come in the form of codes and the key for each letter goes as follows: Once you have determined the best method to tackle your sofa, you can then move ahead with deep cleaning.