Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi once left fans fuming at Manchester United’s Old Trafford as they faced each other in an international friendly. The forwards were both named in the starting line-up when Argentina took on Portugal in England back in 2014. But fans were unhappy after they were both substituted at half-time - despite the match being advertised around Ronaldo and Messi facing off and tickets costing as much as £60 each. Ronaldo and Messi have been rivals on the pitch for the best part of the last two decades and are set to go head-to-head once again on Thursday when Paris Saint-Germain travel to Saudi Arabia to take on an Al-Nassr and Al-Hilal combined XI in the Riyadh Season Cup. Ronaldo joined Al-Nassr at the end of last month after his contract at Manchester United was terminated in the wake of his explosive interview with Piers Morgan, in which the 37-year-old said he “felt betrayed” by the club and had “no respect” for manager Erik ten Hag. Ronaldo is yet to make his Al-Nassr debut after being slapped with a two-match ban by the FA, which he will have to serve in the Middle East. But he will be in action in Saudi Arabia for the first time since signing his deal as Messi’s PSG travel over for the encounter because it is a non-competitive fixture. Ronaldo and Messi have won an incredible 12 Ballon d’Or trophies between them throughout their careers, with the Argentina international getting his hands on seven of the awards. And they have faced off on a number of occasions on the pitch. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE In November 2014, Argentina took on Portugal just months after reaching the World Cup final in Brazil. The match in Manchester had been billed as an unmissable showdown between two of the greatest players to ever walk the earth, with tickets for the encounter available at £40 to £60. Messi had the biggest impact on the game out of the two players and hit the post as he caused the Portugal defence all sorts of problems. Ronaldo, on the other hand, struggled to get into the game as he fired an effort over the crossbar during a goalless first half. DON'T MISSArsenal decide next move as Mykhaylo Mudryk faces embarrassment after Chelsea hijackArsenal 'contacted Mykhaylo Mudryk without permission' in fresh transfer saga twistArsenal have already encountered Mykhaylo Mudryk problem with alternative transfer target  Fans at the stadium were hoping to see the duo during the second half of the clash. But, rather surprisingly, neither player materialised for the second period. The crowd let their discontent be known as the two players were replaced at half-time, with murmurs of disappointment around the ground. Messi was replaced by Nicolas Gaitan and Ronaldo made way for Ricardo Quaresma at the break. Argentina were the better team on the night, but it was Portugal who secured the victory as defender Raphael Guerreiro rose highest to head in Quaresma's cross in the dying seconds of the match to hand his country a 1-0 win. 