Chelsea need two things to go their way in order to hijack Arsenal's move for Mykhaylo Mudryk, according to reports. The winger is the top target for the Gunners but Graham Potter's side are waiting in the wings. Arsenal have already made two bids for Mudryk in an attempt to get a deal done in early January. The latest offer is still well short of Shakhtar Donetsk's public valuation of around £87million (€100m) for the player. The north Londoners are confident of striking an agreement at a lower price than that. But if they fail to do so, then Chelsea are ready to pounce. The Blues are yet to make an offer of their own. But owner Todd Boehly is prepared to back Potter in the head coach's first window in charge. READ MORE: Man Utd owners the Glazers may make U-turn and allow bonus signing  CBC Sports claims Chelsea need two things to happen in order to move to the front of the queue for Mudryk. Firstly, the Stamford Bridge club must satisfy Shakhtar's demands by making a huge offer. And secondly, they have to hope Arsenal walk away from a deal if it becomes too expensive. The Gunners remain in pole position to sign the Ukraine international and he is keen on a move to the Emirates. Mudryk has twice posted videos on his Instagram story showing himself watching recent Arsenal matches. He also labelled manager Mikel Arteta a "top coach". But if Arsenal do not make an offer Shakhtar deems satisfactory, then that would open the door for Chelsea. Talks have already begun between Chelsea and Shakhtar, and the Ukrainian club's director of football Darijo Srna is set to fly to London this week for further discussions. DON'T MISSTottenham missed trick with £35m Newcastle signing after Arsenal showingArsenal have 'next Ferdinand' who Arteta can build around after Newcastle drawPochettino and five other managers Everton can pursue if Lampard is sacked  Mudryk is far from the only player Chelsea are looking to sign in this window. They are in talks to sign Benfica and Argentina midfielder Enzo Fernandez. The 21-year-old is likely to cost around £112million, to take the amount Boehly spent in two windows to almost £400m. Chelsea have also agreed a deal to sign Monaco defender Benoit Badiashile. He is set to cost a further £35m. Boehly sees fit to replenish Potter's squad with January signings following a poor run of form from the west London side. Chelsea currently sit 10th in the Premier League table, 10 points off the top four, but have at least one game in hand over every team above them bar Manchester City. The reigning champions are Chelsea's next opponents at Stamford Bridge on Thursday. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 