The Tyneside Clean Air Zone launched in October 2022, with cameras in operation and signage around Newcastle and Gateshead. However, motorists haven’t had to pay yet, with charges only being introduced on January 30, 2023. Charging will be introduced in two phases – with non-compliant taxis, private hire vehicles, buses, coaches and HGVs being charged from January 30. Drivers of taxis, private hire vehicles, buses, coaches and heavy goods vehicles that do not meet emissions standards will be charged to drive in the Newcastle Clean Air Zone from Monday, January 30, 2023. Taxis and private hire vehicle drivers will be charged £12.50 per day if their vehicle doesn't meet emissions standards. Drivers whose cars are registered in Newcastle, Gateshead and North Tyneside can apply for a discount charge of £50 for each seven day period rather than £12.50 per day. READ MORE: Petrol and diesel price drop 'should have been far bigger' Drivers of buses, coaches and heavy goods vehicles that don't meet emissions standards will be charged £50 a day to use their vehicles in the Newcastle Clean Air Zone. Grants are available to bring vehicles up to emissions standards. To meet emissions standards, taxis must have a Euro 6 diesel or Euro 4 petrol engine. In general, these will be diesel vehicles registered after September 2015 and petrol vehicles registered after 2005. Vans and light goods vehicles will not face charges until July 2023 to allow extra time for vehicle replacements, which are currently affected by a national supply shortage. DON'T MISSPOLL – Should pavement parking be banned across the UK? [HAVE YOUR SAY]Drivers urged to wear gloves when pumping fuel to avoid illness [SHOCKING]The UK's safest cars for 2023 - BMW, Mercedes, Tesla and more [INSIGHT] The exact date in July is still to be announced, with the council outlining there will be no need for drivers to apply for any exemption as it will be automatically applied. Early notice letters were sent to more than 3,500 vehicle owners in December. These were mainly for taxi, bus, coach and HGV drivers whose vehicles don’t meet CAZ emissions standards. The vehicles were identified entering the Clean Air Zone – which covers most of Newcastle city centre as well as routes over the Tyne, Swing, High Level and Redheugh bridges – during a four-week monitoring period in October. READ MORE: Electric car sales reach record high and overtake diesel As part of the monitoring, Clean Air Zone cameras identified 417,146 unique vehicles entering the zone, with the vast majority being compliant or exempt from charges. This includes vans, which are exempt until July 2023, and private cars which are not affected by the zone. Councillor Jane Byrne, cabinet member for connected city at Newcastle City Council, said: “The Clean Air Zone is being implemented to improve our air quality, protect our health and clean up our environment. “Even though we can’t see pollution, we know that it’s there and we know it’s harmful to people, especially those with existing health conditions and those who spend a lot of time exposed to emissions while driving and sitting in traffic. “We encourage anyone who is eligible to take advantage of the funding and support available to upgrade their vehicle and help us clean up our air.” Vehicle upgrade grants are available now and hundreds of applications have already been received. Funding of up to £3,500 is available for taxi upgrades – or £4,000 for wheelchair accessible taxis – and up to £16,000 is available for a bus, coach and HGVs. Non-compliant van owners will be able to get a grant of up to £4,500, although CAZ charges for vans have been delayed until July 2023. Councillor John McElroy, cabinet member for the environment and transport at Gateshead Council, said: “Throughout this process we’ve been clear that improving air quality for the good of people’s health has been our main priority. “We’ve also been keen to ensure that those directly affected get the maximum financial support possible to help them upgrade to a cleaner vehicle so that they can reduce their emissions and avoid having to pay CAZ charges. “In addition to securing grant funding from Government and sourcing financial providers who can offer a package of support, we have also agreed a number of local exemptions to help those with commercial vehicles, including taxis and vans, registered to addresses within the zone.”