Liverpool have been urged to bring their plans to sign Borussia Dortmund star Jude Bellingham forward from the summer to January, and offer Naby Keita as part of a swap deal to entice the Bundesliga side into selling the teenager. Jurgen Klopp’s side are hopeful they will be able to win the race to sign the England World Cup star, but face significant competition from a host of top clubs across Europe. The Reds and Real Madrid are thought to be the frontrunners for Bellingham’s signature, but Chelsea, Manchester United, Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain are all rumoured to be interested in signing the 19-year-old, who could cost over £100million. There may be doubts over whether Bellingham would remain interested in a move to Anfield if Liverpool do not secure Champions League football next season, as they currently sit sixth in the Premier League table. Former Reds midfielder Don Hutchinson has urged Klopp's side not to panic in their pursuit of Bellingham, and that they can offer Keita as part of a potential swap deal in order to lower Dortmund’s asking price and entice them into accepting their bid. “Now it’s panic stations,” Hutchinson told ESPN. “You have to make sure, you don’t just panic. Even if you can do all the work behind the scenes. Speaking to Jude Bellingham’s mum and dad. Speaking to Dortmund. Speaking to the player. Trying to be cute and offer maybe a Naby Keita to Dortmund, or whatever you see fit. But they have got to make sure that they don’t just panic.” Any swap deal would have to take place in January, as Keita’s Liverpool contract expires at the end of the season and the German outfit would be able to sign him on a free transfer. They could see the 27-year-old as a natural replacement for Bellingham, however, and there is a possibility that a swap deal is the only way they can bring the Guinean to the club. READ MOREArsenal target Mykhaylo Mudryk's agent sets record straight on '£70m Chelsea bid'Shakhtar chief spotted yards from Todd Boehly as Chelsea and Arsenal battle intensifiesMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMW Liverpool could offer the midfielder a contract extension, or he may be negotiating a lucrative deal elsewhere. Keita has been a star in the Bundesliga previously with RB Leipzig, which prompted the Reds to spend £52.75m in 2017, and allow him to remain at the club for a further season. Keita has made just three league appearances off the bench for Liverpool so far this season amid another injury-hit campaign, where despite his side’s evident issues in the middle of the pitch, he has been unable to make an impact and regularly feature under Klopp. Keita has come off the bench in each of Liverpool’s previous three games, as he attempts to prove his fitness to his current club, and potential future employers.