A TV licence is required by all UK households watching programming broadcast live or streaming live content. Only those aged over 75 receiving Pension Credit are exempt from paying the £159 annual fee. Now, a new poll of Express.co.uk readers has found widespread support of the Government waiving the BBC TV licence fee for all over 75s, with some even arguing that it should be scrapped entirely. Cricket legend Sir Ian Botham has called upon the BBC to “look after” Britain’s elderly people during the cost of living crisis by stopping the licence fee. Speaking on BBC Radio 4’s Today programme on Boxing Day, under his guest editorship, he renewed calls for those over-75s to be exempt from paying the tax. He told BBC’s Amol Rajan: “I would like to see, and hope to see, that our elder statesmen and pensioners are looked after. “People are talking now about how they've got no money – well, I’m sorry, they shouldn’t be getting charged. It’s an institution that's there for everyone to have and I think the BBC does quite well for itself financially. “The BBC should look after those people 75 and over. I think we would all be delighted to get a free licence when we get to 75.” READ MORE: Lord Botham renews campaign pledge over TV licence fee for over-75s In a poll that ran from 2.30pm on Wednesday, December 28, to 1.30pm on Tuesday, January 3, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should TV licence fee be scrapped for all people over 75?” Overall, 2,905 votes were cast with the overwhelming majority of readers, 98 percent (2,905 people), answering “yes” in favour of free TV licences for all of those aged over 75. Two percent (64 people) said “no” the fee should not be scrapped, and a further five people said they did not know either way. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on the future of the TV licence. Many commented in support of free TV licences for all those over the age of 75, with username Bandersnatch writing: “Why discriminate against those not receiving Pension Credit?” Username imppy55 said: “It should be scrapped all together but if you have to put an age on it make it 60.” And username Peniel13 added: “The abolition of the licence for people over 75 should also apply to all who are of pensionable age.” Meanwhile, other readers argued in favour of the fee being abolished entirely, like username Teddygrowler, who wrote: “This tax is outdated and should be abolished for everyone. However, as a start pensioners should get it for free.” DON'T MISS: Households may be able to claim refund on their TV Licence bill [INSIGHT]Full list of groups eligible for a TV licence discount [ADVICE]Former BBC boss calls for ‘reformed licence fee’ [LATEST] Username ALLANR said: “TV Licences should be scrapped for everyone, and the BBC should be made to fund itself.” Another, username sam the man, said: “No it should not be scrapped just for those over 75 it should be scrapped for everyone.” Likewise, username Isambard thought it was outdated, writing: “It should be scrapped full-stop!” And username ValBrooker said: “The TV licence should be scrapped for all, not just for people 75 and over. This is because it's a dying technology... younger people know that TVs with prescribed programming schedules have passed their sell-by date.”  There is a long-running debate on whether the licence fee is fit for purpose in the modern-day. Former Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries froze the TV licence fee at £159 until April 2024, before rising in line with inflation for the following four years. The BBC Royal Charter guarantees the current funding arrangement will remain in place until at least 2028. More than three million over-75s lost their entitlement to free TV licences in 2020 after regulations changed to only allow those over 75 in receipt of Pension Credit — a benefit aimed at retired people on low incomes – a free TV licence. Current Culture Secretary Michelle Donelan said last month that an alternative funding model for the BBC would need to be found as “the answer cannot simply be ‘continue with the licence fee’ if we want to protect the BBC”. BBC director-general Tim Davie has told the Royal Television Society the BBC could close its broadcast channels, and move to an internet-only distribution of programmes. He explained: “The BBC will focus its effort on the digital world and over time this will mean fewer linear broadcast services, and a more tailored joined-up online offer.”