While there are currently no savings accounts that beat the UK’s staggering 10.7 percent inflation rate, some banks have been offering increasingly higher returns in line with the Bank of England’s consistent Base Rate hikes. Lloyds Bank is currently affording savers a 4.5 percent Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) for a fixed term of 12 months with its regular savings account. Regular savings accounts are typically seen as the more lucrative route to make a start on building up a savings pot. These accounts typically offer some of the highest interest rates on the market and terms generally encourage savers to pay money into the accounts monthly. Savers simply have to meet certain requirements on the respective accounts and they’ll earn interest on their savings on the basis they make minimal withdrawals and deposit regularly. According to Lloyds, its Monthly Saver is “ideal” for those who want to save money every month and have instant access to it. Account holders must save between £25 to a maximum of £250 every month by one standing order or bank transfer, and savers can only have one Monthly Saver in their sole name or held jointly. READ MORE: Mum-of-one to save £600 this month with ‘no spend January’  The funds must be in the account before the 25th of every month and savings can be topped up as long the £250 limit is not exceeded. Interest is applied to the balance when the 12-month term ends and as mentioned, withdrawals are permitted without penalty. However, it should be noted that savers must already have a Lloyds Bank Current Account in order to open the Monthly Saver. But while the Lloyds Bank Monthly Saver is offering an attractive deal, this isn’t the highest rate available on the market for regular savings accounts. DON'T MISS: Keep your house warm without 'wasting heat through the day' [EXPLAINED]Younger millennials are savviest age group when it comes to money [ANALYSIS]Barclays warning after woman’s savings hit by dangerous scam [INSIGHT]    According to money comparison site Moneyfacts' Best Buys, ranking top of the leaderboard is Monmouthshire BS’ Christmas Saver Bond (Issue 5) with an Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) of 5.5 percent. A minimum deposit of £10 is required to open the account and up to £2,400 can be invested over the course of the year. The account allows up to £200 to be deposited per calendar month and withdrawals are not permitted until October 1, 2023. If the account is closed before this date, it will not qualify for the 5.5 percent AER and instead, will earn interest calculated at 0.2 percent AER. READ MORE: ‘£51,000 in my first week’ - Mum loves her £1m New Year side hustle  The fixed term starts on the date the account is opened and interest is calculated on a daily basis on the balance in the account and paid on maturity. Placing second is NatWest’s Digital Regular Saver with an AER of 5.12 percent. The 5.12 percent interest rate is awarded to savings up to £5,000, after which a 0.5 percent rate will be awarded to figures from £5,001 and over.  There is no minimum deposit required to open the account and it allows people to save up to £150 each month. Unlimited withdrawals are permitted without penalty and interest is awarded monthly. Placing third is Royal Bank of Scotland’s Digital Regular Saver, also with an AER of 5.12 percent. Like NatWest, the same interest rules apply to this bank account (5.12 percent paid up to £5,000, then 0.5 percent), interest is applied monthly, and unlimited withdrawals are also permitted. 