Earlier this week, figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) confirmed that the rate of Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation dropped to 10.5 percent in December. While only a slight fall from the month before, it shows signs of a growing trend of inflation improving over time. However, analysts believe the Bank of England could increase interest rates even further which could impact peoples’ finances also. The central bank has raised the UK’s base rate nine consecutive times since March 2022 in an attempt to mitigate the impact of inflation. As it stands, the base rate is at 3.5 percent, and is being passed on by high street banks and building societies to their customers. While this is a boon for savers, the current interest rate for most accounts cannot compete directly with the 40-year high inflation which is diminishing returns for people. Furthermore, households with mortgage or debt repayments have had to pay more in recent months due to these constant changes to the base rate. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come Despite many expecting rates to come down with inflation appearing to fall, certain experts are not as sure. Rio Stedford, a financial planning expert at Quilter, shared her concerns for future rate hikes to come amid the ongoing cost of living crisis. She explained: “The Bank of England’s successive interest rate rises have attempted to tame runaway inflation over the last few months and while today’s inflation figures show a small decrease. “People’s buying power has taken a real hit and it is likely to take some time to come down. However, on average forecasts expect inflation to be around two percent by the end of next year. “Inflation can have a negative impact on people's money by decreasing its purchasing power. “When the rate of inflation is high, the value of money decreases, and it takes more money to buy the same goods or services. “This means that people must spend more money just to maintain their standard of living, and they may not be able to afford as much as they could before. This is how inflation impacts a variety of personal finance issues.” Outside of rampant inflation, households have been stuck with rising energy bills which have gone up by 27 percent since October 2022 even with Government support in place. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing With the price guarantee expected to be hiked in April 2022, the average household with typical usage could see their gas and electricity costs rise to £3,000. On top of this, savers are struggling to make ends meet amid the economic turmoil with inflation continuing to eat away at peoples’ savings. Ms Stedford added: “Saving rates in isolation don’t mean anything, to get the full picture they must be tested against the current rate of inflation. “If that is even close to double figures it’s unlikely even the best savings account will deliver anything other than a real term loss. “It’s easy for heads to be turned by very attractive cash savings rates but in reality it’s one of the worst times ever to be in cash. “Superficially the headline savings rates have increased but the gulf between the Consumer Price Index and the Bank of England base rate means that people’s cash is decaying at an alarming rate.” The Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) will next meet on February 2, 2023 to discuss further interest rate changes. January 2023’s CPI inflation rate figures will be announced by the ONS on February 15, 2023.