Nick Kyrgios has withdrawn from the Adelaide International at the 11th hour due to injury. It follows the world No 22 also pulling out of his country's United Cup campaign last week, and has prompted fresh doubts on his participation in this month's Australian Open. The Canberra man courted controversy when he opted against playing the team event in Sydney, with his teammates only finding out moments before the pre-tournament press conference. "We literally just found out 10 minutes ago," admitted co-captain Sam Stosur. "Obviously it's news to all of us and we just move forward now." Kyrgios was roundly criticised for the decision, and duly feuded with Stosur's fellow captain Lleyton Hewitt. He cited an injury problem picked up in training the day before the tournament began as his reasoning. He was still scheduled to appear in the second week of the Adelaide International on January 10, with the event split into two parts. But now tournament officials have confirmed that the 2022 Wimbledon finalist will not be participating. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic may have just been ruled out of playing Indian Wells and Miami Masters "The Adelaide International can confirm that Nick Kyrgios will not compete in Week 2 of the tournament," a statement read. "The Adelaide International wishes Nick Kyrgios the best of luck and a quick recovery, understanding the importance of the Australian Open preparation. He is welcome back to the Adelaide International anytime." The first Grand Slam of the year gets underway at Melbourne Park on January 17, with home player Kyrgios undoubtedly billed as one of the main attractions. Despite his second round singles exit last year, the controversial player's exhilarating doubles win with compatriot Thanasi Kokkinakis proved one of the stories of the tournament. DON'T MISS:Boris Becker lands new job weeks after prison release with Australian Open roleNovak Djokovic makes clear statement over Wimbledon Russia ban with Daniil Medvedev claimEmma Raducanu explains 'different dynamic' behind win over Linda Fruhvirtova in Auckland Kyrgios, 27, has yet to comment himself on his latest withdrawal. Previously this week, he took to Twitter to take aim at the media for branding him a "villain" over the United Cap saga. "Haha so after all this, all the media, journalism saying how bad I am for the sport, disrespecting the game (and) just a pure villain, I am going to be the number one episode on Netflix… to grow our fan base, basically trying to put tennis on the map again," he said. "And essentially putting more money in everyone's pockets that's involved with tennis, you all look really ridiculous now your apology should be as loud as your disrespect was."