Although the Duchess of Sussex has travelled a lot since she married Prince Harry, Meghan also loved to explore the world before her marriage. She described one of her trips as “stylish” and “cool”. One of the California-born Royal’s favourite holiday destinations in the USA was the Big Apple. Meghan wrote on The Tig that she didn’t start to get to know the city until she filmed the pilot for Suits, the series that made her name. She said: “I found my nook. My downtown: a little grubby, a little rough around the edges, a lot stylish, and as cool as I aspired to be - we’re talking about the Lower East Side.” New York’s Lower East Side is an eclectic mix of alleys, tenement buildings and upscale apartments. READ MORE: Cornwall’s hidden gem is a ‘truly remote’ beach that feels ‘exotic’ The historic neighbourhood is in the southeastern part of Manhattan and is a popular destination for tourists. Meghan wrote: “I love a neighbourhood that you can get lost in, always finding new nooks and crannies, interest and intrigue. “And while the West Village is high on my list, and nothing is more convenient for work than staying uptown, this neck of the woods deserves a post all its own.” The former Suits actress stayed at The Bowery Hotel, which she described as “one of the most down to earth properties you could wish for”. She loved the Bowery’s friendly staff, “soaking tubs that wash away any bad day” and small balconies. The hotel is a favourite of celebrities and former guests reportedly include Gigi Hadid, David Beckham, Bruce Willis and Sting. The Duchess also shared a few of her favourite restaurants in the Lower East Side, including a bargain tasting menu. Meghan loved Contra, where she described the food as “like nothing you’ve ever had before” and ate a five course tasting menu for $55 (£45). READ MORE: ‘Book no later’ than February for Easter - key dates for Britons The Duchess shared her favourite brunch restaurant and bakery, which tourists can still visit today. She wrote: “Hands down the most loved, most talked about, and most crowded bakery and brunch in all of NYC, and that’s really saying something. “New Yorkers from every side of town flock to Clinton Street Baking Company for their fluffy blueberry and banana-walnut pancakes and brioche french toast.” Meghan added that the restaurant’s “real secret” was that it serves its menu all day, including at dinner time. It wouldn’t be NYC without a shopping trip and some of Meghan’s favourite spots included Reformation, Narnia Vintage and Frankie Shop. Meghan also loved the Tenement Museum, one of the Big Apple’s most unique and “coolest” museums. She wrote: “The Lower East Side is filled with so much history, and The Tenement Museum gives you a look at what it would be like to have been an immigrant in the turn of the century. “This is something you don’t want to miss, so make sure you sign up in advance on their website.”