Dermot O'Leary and Alison Hammond were back on Friday to host the latest instalment of This Morning. At the beginning of the ITV programme, the presenters were joined by Carol Vorderman and Gyles Brandreth to discuss Prince Harry's new memoir, Spare, which will hit shelves next week. However, things got a tad out of hand when Gyles read out some of the revelations from the Spanish version of the Duke of Sussex's book. Carol, who had already begun giggling, said: "Prince Harry said while he was at Eton..." "He was possibly 16, could have been 17," Gyles chipped in. "He was 17," Carol corrected as Gyles continued: "It's in the year he could have been one or the other. READ MORE: Denise Welsh erupts over claims Harry trashing royals 'for money' "My Spanish dictionary, I was trying to find what frost-bitten penis is in Spanish." As Gyles kept a straight face, Dermot and Alison put their head in their hands as they tried to contain their laughter. Carol shrieked as she held her stomach, with Gyles adding: "Because he also tells us, was it the Arctic or the Antarctic? "Anyway, his penis became frost-bitten and I've translated this from the Spanish [version], so if I have got it wrong and actually it's a sore thumb I do apologise." Carol tried to compose herself, as she asked Gyles to go back to when Harry was at Eton. "Back to the school," the Gogglebox star explained. "An older woman took his virginity and then when the act of darkness has been completed, he lay on his front and she smacked his bottom and sent him on his way." Prince Harry's interview with Tom Bradby will also air on Sunday night, two days before his memoir. DON'T MISS...Jennie Bond blasts Prince Harry over ‘unsavoury’ allegations  [VIDEO]BBC Breakfast's Mike Bushell sparks concern with 'tired' appearance [INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast host steps off-screen after Naga orders him away [REACTION] The latest ITV trailer showed Harry speaking about a reconciliation with his brother, Prince William. Discussing a row which got out of hand, Harry told Tom: "What was different here was the level of frustration, and I talk about the red mist that I had for so many years, and I saw this red mist in him. “He wanted me to hit him back, but I chose not to.” He went on to add: “I want reconciliation. But, first, there needs to be some accountability. “The truth, supposedly, at the moment, has been there’s only one side of the story, right? But, there are two sides to every story.” In another clip, Prince Harry could be seen issuing an emotional plea to Prince William and his father, King Charles III. He said: "I just want my father back and I just want my brother back." This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.