Emily Maitlis and Jon Sopel, formerly of the BBC, interviewed Sir Keir Starmer in Davos, Switzerland. Yearly, there takes place there a gathering organised by the World Economic Forum, an organisation led by Klaus Schwab. It engages the foremost political, business, cultural and other leaders of society to shape global, regional and industry agendas. Its stated aim is to work towards greater private-public cooperation. In essence, it is a lobby group for the most powerful to aggregate to its membership greater privileges. The desire of powerful groups to do so is not new. Indeed, Adam Smith, the author of the “Wealth of Nations”, wrote in 1776: “People of the same trade seldom meet together, even for merriment and diversion, but the conversation ends in a conspiracy against the public, or in some contrivance to raise prices”. In short, the meeting is designed to get governments to acquiesce to cooperate more closely with large corporations, whose aim it is to suckle on the ample teat of government budgets: the inevitable consequence of private public “cooperation”. Prestige and glamour are part of the tools rolled out to seduce hapless politicians, whose principles are there to be moulded and whose minds on issues are broadly internationalist in their core - that is to say, aligned with the shibboleths of unthinking elites globally. Emily Maitlis, during the interview, asked Keir Starmer: “you have to choose now between Davos or Westminster”. Without hesitation, the leader of his Majesty’s opposition, replied: “Davos”. “Why?”, Emily Maitlis, queried. “Because Westminster is too constrained. It's closed and we're not having meaning….”, he replied. He interrupted himself from finishing the sentence. What he seemed about to say was that in Westminster “we’re not having meaningful conversations”. He carried on: “Once you get out of Westminster, whether it is Davos or anywhere else, you actually engage with people that you can see working with in the future.” On the topic he ends with “Westminster is just a tribal shouting place”. That 20 second response is perhaps the most important insight into the mind of our potential next Prime Minister. That Keir Starmer is susceptible to fashionable ideas is not the surprise. It is that he revealed what type of priorities he will have, should he become Prime Minister at the next General Election. He believes that Westminster, the body he wants to lead, is “too constrained”, “too tribal” and, in which conversations are not meaningful. Such views should inform the broad voting public that he really should not be our Prime Minister. The House of Commons is constrained by the limitations of the aggregate spending power of the British population. It is tribal because the House of Commons is the body in which the interests of our peoples in our Islands should be heeded and protected. They should be the first, last and only consideration of our politicians of any party. Reforms should be brought about with the consent and approval of the British electorate not imposed from outside with the approbation of powerful lobby groups, whose interests are detached and not aligned with ours. The meaningfulness of the conversations had in parliament should not be defined by the international corporate sector or powerful, but totally rootless organisations such as those that tend to attend Davos at the behest of the World Economic Forum. The House of Commons, for better or worse, should be seen as the first and last line of defence against the many facile ideologies that float around at any time. The fact that the leader of the opposition belittles the organisation tells us what type of Prime Minister he will be. We have already seen the alacrity with which Keir Starmer has genuflected to all the modern, destructive passing movements since he became leader of the opposition. He still cannot tell us what a woman is, although he has recently stood up to Nicola Sturgeon and the SNP’s gender reform legislation. He knelt for Black Lives Matter, and he now tells us that he would rather work with the Davos crowd than spend the time unravelling the Gordian Knot that is the United Kingdom’s very expensive and rather ineffective bureaucracy. The brief insight he gave us is crucial. We know now how he will approach most issues. He will talk a great deal about the need to heed the “international Community’s” wishes. The wishes of us, as British people, will come second. In many ways, and over the course of a few decades, we are already in this position. We, the British People, have lost control of the state. Too much is happening against our wishes for us to believe that the state, for which we all pay, is acting in our best interest. We must therefore thank Emily Maitlis for having asked that question. Starmer, in replying in the way he did, told us that he will do as his predecessors have. He will, it seems, kowtow to supranationalist organisations and enforce their priorities on us, because it is the right thing to do. If Keir Starmer wins, something that looks increasingly likely, the United Kingdom will led by New Puritans, who will enforce their pet projects on a initially powerless population, whose only sin was to have wanted to be governed responsibly. We can look forward to destructive policies such as gender, the withdrawal of our freedom to express ourselves freely, and I suspect an intensification of racial policies as advertised by Labour MP Anneliese Dodds, whose zeal in wanting to fight “structural racism” in the UK will surely bring in race based laws to our shores for the first time in our history (while the poorest and most disenfranchised, as is widely known and reported, are poor white boys and girls), and a final surrender of our sovereignty to supranational entities such as the European Union and the Davos crowd. Worse of all is that the prospects of a Keir Starmer victory is only a reality because the Conservative Party has done little to reverse any of the changes brought in by the last Labour government from 1997 to 2010. For this lack of gumption, the British people will pay a very heavy price.