Singer Katy Perry, 38, has dedicated a heart-warming Instagram post to her fiancé Orlando Bloom’s ex-wife, Miranda Kerr, 39. The pair are known to have a close-friendship, with the hitmaker showing gratitude for their "modern blended family". Sharing pictures from Saturday's 20th annual G'Day USA Arts Gala in Los Angeles, Katy wrote about the Australian  She continued to praise her friendship with Kerr, joking: “Also thank u for introducing me to celery juice I just thought they were those veg stick things I stir me Bloody Mary’s with [sic].” Katy has been engaged to actor Orlando since 2019 after dating since 2016. READ MORE... Bond Girl Eva Green blames 'being French' for branding bosses 'stupid' They now have a daughter together, Daisy, who was born in August 2020. Victoria Secret Model, Miranda, was married to Orlando from 2010 to 2013 and the pair have a son together, named Flynn. Katy presented Miranda with the Excellence in the Arts Award at the gala in Los Angeles. During her speech, she confessed: “Many of you may be confused as to why I'm presenting Miranda with this award. “It doesn't fit the ex-wife, new wife narrative. Many in the media would like to see us mud wrestle... but this is about love, and Miranda is love." The I Kissed A Girl singer continued to pay tribute to the Aussie model: “I'm so grateful for our modern blended family. “It's like I gained another sister, one with whom I usually sidebar from the main family chat and agree with.” Before Katy presented the award to Miranda, the close-friends walked the blue carpet together. DON'T MISS:Lisa Marie Presley took out ‘3 life insurance policies’ before deathZoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health updatePiers Morgan uncovers reason for health woes after ongoing symptoms Katy stunned in a show-stopping gold top and skirt combo, pulling it all together with an up-do and glamorous make-up. Meanwhile, Miranda sported a sleek white dress, emphasising her incredible figure and wore her hair in a classic wavy style with subtle make-up. Model and businesswoman, Miranda, previously opened up about her friendship with Katy to Marie Claire in 2021. She told the magazine that the pair are “genuinely close, not just Instagram close”. She went on to say: “We hang out and enjoy each other’s company. I really love and appreciate Katy and [Orlando] really loves and appreciates Evan, which is great."  Miranda is married to Evan Spiegel, the billionaire founder of the popular social media app, Snapchat.  They met at an event hosted by Louis Vuitton in 2014 and got engaged the year after, eventually getting married in May 2017. She has two children with Evan - three-year-old Miles and four-year-old Hart.