A young millionaire has been left "gutted" after his £100,000 supercar was covered in graffiti. Waseem Khan, who says he made his fortune trading cryptocurrency, used some of his earnings to buy a new Audi R8 V10. The 20-year-old left the three-month-old vehicle in Leeds city centre overnight while he went to Manchester for a business meeting. However, upon his return, he discovered someone had written various insults and comments on the car in black spray paint. Despite being shocked that a person would do this to his car, he says it will not phase him. The millionaire, who grew up with very little, says he can now make £6,000 "while he sleeps".    He told LeedsLive: "I left town last night, around 11, 12ish. "I got called for a business meeting, they said they were gonna pick me up and go to Manchester, so I left my car in the city centre. "I didn’t think about where I had parked it, came home this afternoon, and I went to get my car and it has been fully vandalised, and I thought it is definitely someone that knows me or something. "It just shows, even if you are doing something good in life, there is a lot of hate. "I don’t really have any enemies, I think a lot of people just can’t see someone young, do good, you know I have a supercar at 20, they can’t put up with it." The graffiti calls Waseem a "show-off" and a "virgin" as well as telling him to "die". Several offensive words were also painted onto the car, calling him a c*** and a b******. "I saw it and I was gutted, I thought I could take it off, I took it to the car wash and it was not coming off, that is when I started worrying that it needed a paint job or a new wrap sheet. "It’s not going to phase me, they did it when I wasn’t there, if I was there I don’t think they would have had the urge to do anything like that. "I would just like to say to them, what you have done is very low and pathetic and childish, you just cannot see someone young doing well, it is just pathetic, they could be following their own dreams instead of destroying someone else's. "It’s not much of a loss for me, I make £6-7,000 in my sleep." Waseem, known as WasKhan online, has over 80,000 followers across several platforms and millions of views on TikTok, he recently featured in a video on the now-famous Wakey Wines account. He went on to warn people about being popular on social media after this incident. He said: "The dangers of being on social media is you attract a lot of good people and a lot of bad people. "I would like the person that did it, to come forward."