Gino D'Acampo, 46, has been married to his wife Jessica Morrison since 2002, with the couple renewing their vows on his ITV show Gino's Family Adventure last year. The This Morning chef spoke to Express.co.uk about other couples' "insane way of thinking", as he credits the success of his own marriage to him and his spouse leading different lives. Gino has been married to Jessica for over 20 years, with the couple having three children together: Luciano, 21, Rocco, 18, and Mia, ten. Express.co.uk asked Gino the secret to how his marriage has stayed so happy, with the TV chef making a very candid admission. He admitted: "The secret is simple. You need to create a balance between living a life with your wife and family, and having the time to be alive by yourself. "So a couple that thinks that they can live forever in each other's pockets, 24 hours a day is an insane way of thinking." READ MORE: Robert Rinder 'unrecognisable' after break with Carol Vorderman Gino then went on to discuss the importance of "leading your own life" as he shared what a good wife Jessica is. He continued: "I believe every human no matter the sex or age or anything else needs to lead their own life! "You need to have your own hobbies, friends and your own holidays! I think that’s why my marriage has lasted for so many years. "Jessica is a very clever woman and she has understood me from day one. She knew that if she put him in a cage then eventually I would break the cage and disappear if she did that. "So yeah, that’s the secret to a healthy marriage!" Gino also said he tries not to contact his wife when he's away from home unless "something happens". He continued: "I could be filming in Italy or somewhere in the world for two weeks and I would perhaps call my wife once or twice. "There is no need, apart from when I want to hear from her or if something happened. DON'T MISS... Jamie Redknapp on 'perfect' wife Frida as he shares divorce struggles [INSIGHT] Shakira's ex Gerard Pique goes Instagram official with new girlfriend [INSTAGRAM] Salma Hayek sizzles in risqué see-through dress at Magic Mike premiere [PICS] "What’s the point in bothering your wife to the point I need to pretend to want to make a phone call is insane! I don’t buy into it." Lifestyle-wise, Gino made the decision over a year ago to cut back on certain areas of his eccentric foodie lifestyle as he approaches 50. Although Gino has opted for a healthier way of living, he made clear that he still eats what he wants in moderation. He said: "The most important thing is I still eat the things I want to eat in moderation. What helped me a lot is having a better breakfast in the morning. "You know talking about breakfast, one of the things that I've been doing now for over a year is to have my Berocca Immuno every day with it. "It kind of gives me an extra kick that I needed, you know throughout the day and that helped me a lot and it still helps me a lot. "I’ve been having them for over a year and one thing that is happening is that I’m not getting ill, so there is clearly something in them that is good for me and humans. "But please let's not mistake this is not an alternative breakfast or anything like that!" Introducing Berocca Immuno (MRRP £7.50 - 15 tablets / £13 - 30 tablets) from January, the brand’s most advanced formula for immune support, a perfect addition to help support your overall well-being so you’re ready for whatever life brings*. The cold winter months are a crucial time to recognise the importance of supporting your immune system, helping you to look after yourself and feel your best. Berocca Immuno is available to buy online now