The beginning of a new year is the perfect time for a fresh start and for many people, this means redecorating their homes. Interior designer Geri from Limerick-based Geri Designs shares home decor tips, tricks and insights on her TikTok page @geridesigns. She has predicted three key trends for homes in 2023, including the colour of the year that will benefit everything from walls to furniture. In a video describing her “three top interior design trends for 2023”, she said: “First up is brown. Brown paint, brown furniture, brown wood. It’s all really in trend. I think this is going to be the biggest colour for the year.” Speaking to House Beautiful, Max Gansow, co-founder of furniture brand Vetsak predicted a move towards “raw, organic materials” as well as a move towards “warm, neutral tones and materials”. Darker, dramatic shades of brown can add elegance to a space and work well with tonal furnishings and accessories. READ MORE: ‘Tacky’ interior trends to avoid that make your home appear ‘cheap’ In a comment on her TikTok video, Geri added that she believes people will move towards shades of brown "for the warmer vibes". She added: "It is a really popular colour that comes up again and again in interiors at the moment. I think it’s because it’s a warmer colour." Along with a focus on brown details, Geri predicts marble will also be a big trend from the kitchen through to the bathroom. She said: "Next up is heavy veined marble. Love it or hate it, I don’t see it going anywhere for the next while. "I have had marble on the island in my studio for the last four years and I still love it now. So, if you are into marble now is the time to introduce it." DON'T MISSPaint colour that is 'always going to work' in homes [INTERVIEW]'I'm an interior designer and I am so tired of these boring features' [COMMENT]Kill mould 'easily' on surfaces using vinegar - it 'breaks down' mould [EXPLAINER] In a comment on her TikTok video, Geri added that she believes people will move towards shades of brown "for the warmer vibes". She added: "It is a really popular colour that comes up again and again in interiors at the moment. I think it’s because it’s a warmer colour." Along with a focus on brown details, Geri predicts marble will also be a big trend from the kitchen through to the bathroom. She said: "Next up is heavy veined marble. Love it or hate it, I don’t see it going anywhere for the next while. "I have had marble on the island in my studio for the last four years and I still love it now. So, if you are into marble now is the time to introduce it."  However, Canadian interior designer Nick Lewis has warned residents not to go "over the top" with the marble trend. He believes floor-to-ceiling marble is a trend that "will not last". "One trend in interior design is to use the same material over and over again,” he explained. “What a lot of high-end designers are doing is putting marble on the floor, on the ceiling and on all of the walls. Sort of like a marble coffin if you will. “I think this is looking very over the top and quite ostentatious. Marble is beautiful but I think this is an example where you can have too much of a good thing.” Finally, Irish interior designer Geri pointed to a kitchen feature which is continuing to grow in popularity and one she believes is here to stay. "Butler pantries, these are becoming a major feature for your kitchen," she said. "You’ve got to add these in because they look amazing and it's an extension of the kitchen and you can keep the mess contained to this area." A butler's pantry is a small transitional room between the dining area and kitchen, which acts as a service and storage room. These are great for people who regularly host, but want to keep the food and drink preparation out of sight. If you don't have space to build a pantry into your kitchen, you can also create a small butler's nook in a part of the room which will act in the same way as a larger pantry space.