Former Premier League star Gabriel Agbonlahor has confirmed that his niece, Jayla, has passed away following her battle with a degenerative brain disorder. The 11-year-old had been battling with the condition since her first birthday. Agbonlahor wrote on his Instagram: "Rest in heaven now my beautiful niece princess Jayla. You have suffered enough in this cruel world! I love you and so many people will always love you! Watching you take your last breaths today has broken me. We will see you soon." He also posted on Twitter: "Rest in peace jayla my beautiful niece. Until we see you again go and rest pain free in heaven." Several of Agbonlahor’s former team-mates sent their condolences to the 36-year-old, with Emile Heskey, Fabian Delph and Brad Guzan commenting love heart emojis in response to the post. Fellow talkSPORT pundits Darren Belt and Laura Woods also replied to the post as messages flooded in for Agbonlahor and his family. Others sent their love via Twitter. Jayla’s mother Louise has spoken openly about Jayla’s condition previously, telling Birmingham Live in 2017: "When Jayla was born there was nothing wrong with her. "But then, days after her first birthday, she stopped breathing and kept going blue. She was rushed to hospital where she remained for five months. At first they thought it was epilepsy. But eventually they couldn’t diagnose her and I was told that she wasn’t expected to survive." Louise spoke about the diagnosis previously with the New Life charity, which aims to provide care to disabled children and their families by raising funds to offer specialist equipment to those in need. She explained: "It was a terrible time. At first the doctors thought they were dealing with epilepsy but they have now put it down to a degenerative brain syndrome. "Jayla has regular seizures; every 16 days she will start having a seizure about once an hour and this lasts for two or three days. When this happens she needs oxygen and suctioning to prevent her from choking." Louise herself wrote a post on Saturday morning to confirm the devastating news that her daughter had died. It read: "Jayla Loren you are the most beautiful and strong princess I have ever known fly high beautiful." The Agbonlahor family had been fighting for the use of Cannabis oil previously in a bid to treat her recurring seizures. The medicine had positive effects on the matter previously, according to the family, and wanted the drug to be more readily available. 