The star, also known as Johnny Rotten, joined Good Morning Britain presenters Susanna Reid and Ed Balls to discuss the heartbreaking reason behind his Eurovision song bid. John is competing to represent Ireland in the 2023 Eurovision Song Contest and also gave an update on his wife's health. After being teased by Susanna over the fact he has never seen the contest, John went on to discuss the reason he wanted to compete in the singing competition. He explained: "This TV show in Ireland has nominated me out of some 200 contestants with this song to go forward into the Eurovision. "I would have to be voted from this show before I actually got into the Eurovision but win lose or draw, I am bringing awareness to Alzheimer's, that is a win and a win and a win. "Because it is such a debilitating thing to watch my wife suffer and have to go through, so you know more power to the Irish for giving me the respect here. READ MORE: Happy Valley fans 'work out' Hepworth's link to Tommy "It brings tears to my eyes just thinking about performing it live because I will be away from here but I have got to do that." Seeing how emotional John was feeling, Susanna asked: "Oh John, tell us about Nora because whatever happens, whether you secure the nomination to perform, you have already won. "This song is beautiful and I know that it makes you very emotional, the process of writing it, tell us about your wife. "You are her carer, she has suffered from dementia with Alzheimer's for years, you have a very special bond though don't you." John explained: "Well we have been together some 45 years, yes. We are relentless, this is as I say in the song, all journeys end and some begin again. "But this is the beginning of a new journey with her." John and his band Public Image PiL entered the song Hawaii, which the singer admitted was a "love letter" to Nora. Touching on the name of the song, John recently told The Sun: "We spent a magnificent holiday in Hawaii after a tour once and it was just the greatest week of our lives. DON'T MISS...James Martin hugs Brian Turner as he makes 'stammer' confession  [LATEST]Dick Strawbridge airs concern as Angel Adoree makes Chateau demand  [WATCH]Call The Midwife's Miss Higgins star admits to being 'diva' on set [INSIGHT] "Now her memories are fading, I wanted to bring something like that back to her. I get broke up even thinking about it. "It is a song about the dissipation of a human being that I dearly love, in front of my very eyes." John is constantly giving an update on his wife's health and told GMB last year: "It’s come on really strong and really quick. "You’re asked questions about the doctors when did the symptoms start and well, I don’t know. She’s always been able to lose her keys and is that an indicator? "Sometimes her memories are lethal. She can go back 20 years in complete detail and complete accuracy. I’m not going to abandon her. "I can still see in her personality, it still exists, she’s just confused on how to express herself. I have really bad eyesight, it is deteriorating at an alarming pace but I can't go anywhere to take care of that because I can't leave her alone. "It is both physically and mentally demanding to the point where I get no sleep hardly at all ever but at least she is happy." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.