Call the Midwife returned for its Christmas special last week, instigating the start of season 12. The heartwarming drama is now officially back with new episodes due to air every Sunday night. There will be a new face welcomed into the fold this series as Sister Veronica (played by Rebecca Gethings) is introduced. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Call the Midwife.Sister Frances (Ella Bruccoleri) is known for juggling her work as a nun with her midwife duties at Nonnatus House. But it all got too much for her when she fell off her bike, resulting in a serious injury. So she can get a proper break and recover fully, she was sent away to focus on her religious duties. This meant someone else was needed to replace her and so in came Sister Veronica who had previously worked as a midwife in Hong Kong. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Todd Grimshaw exposes Esther and Mike's Call the Midwife's Sister Veronica is portrayed by actress Rebecca Gethings. She is best known for starring in popular shows such as The Mimic, David Brent: Life on the Road, The Thick of It and Extras. Most recently, Gethings was behind Queen Eleanor in the Lionsgate+ period drama The Serpent Queen. It has been widely reported that Gethings is 1.7m tall, which is equivalent to 5ft 7in. When it comes to the cast of Call the Midwife's heights, some of them stand shoulder to shoulder. Actresses Helen George and Jenny Agutter are both as tall as Gethings at 5ft 7in. Meanwhile, Sister Bernadette star Laura Main is far shorter at 5ft 1in tall. On the other end of the spectrum is Sister Monica Joan actress who is 5ft 8in. DON'T MISS...Call the midwife season 12 episode 1 cast [CAST]Meet the star who plays Sister Veronica in Call the Midwife [EXPLAINER]Call the Midwife's newest arrival teases 'trouble' ahead  [SPOILER] Talking about what to expect from her character Sister Veronica, Gethings said: "She puts her foot in it a lot and she ruffles feathers. But she always does it for good. "But she's not shy and retiring. She doesn't wait to be invited in. "She just kind of bustles in and gets going because in terms of her ministry, she’s not worth anything unless she's making a change. "She wants to do and make a change and if she has to tell fibs, then she will." Sister Veronica will be seen for the first time in the opening episode of Call the Midwife season 12. But according to the episode's synopsis, there will be a lot more going on in Poplar. The description reads: "The Turners support a family still suffering the devastating effects of thalidomide. "Miss Higgins is involved in an unexpected delivery and the community stages a talent show." Call the Midwife season 12 premieres on Sunday, January 1, at 8pm on BBC One.