Experts at LeaseCar.uk are warning drivers to act in order to prevent ice damage to their vehicles as Britain faces a cold snap. As temperatures plummet rainwater can form icy shards and splinters capable of piercing tyres and causing accidents, the experts have warned. Ice-covered windscreens can also weaken the glass and can even lead to shattering if the window already has chips or other flaws. It can also leave paintwork more vulnerable to corrosion making a car rust more quickly, the experts have warned. Prolonged periods of cold weather may also cause tyres to lose pressure and deflate, making journeys more perilous. Tim Alcock from LeaseCar.uk said: “It’s important for all drivers to take extra care of their vehicles when during harsh winter weather. READ MORE: Drivers warned of huge car ownership changes as ULEZ expands “Most drivers probably underestimate the potential damage which ice in particular can do to a car’s paintwork and tyres. “We are all aware of the road safety issues around driving on ice but few of us understand how a cold snap can impact our vehicles. “Luckily there are a few simple steps drivers can take to protect their cars from the worst effects of snow, frost and ice. “We’re urging all motorists to follow our advice to protect their vehicles from any external damage during the cold snap.” DON'T MISS EV drivers should charge cars to at least 90 percent to boost range [ADVICE] Engine oil mistake may lead to 'staggering' petrol and diesel costs [WARNING] Drivers should 'park facing the sun' to save petrol and diesel [REVEAL] Having a cover on the windscreen can help protect the glass from the build-up of snow and ice in the chilly mornings. They can also protect the screen from shattering, as harsh cold weather can cause breakage if there are chips in the glass. It’s important to make sure your vehicle is clean even during winter weather. READ MORE: Drivers told to use clever household item method on windscreen frost Washing the car regularly removes the build-up of dirt and rust from damaging the paintwork. Waxing the car is another way to give your vehicle’s paintwork extra protection against long-term deterioration, as it forms another layer against snow and frost. Driving in heavy rain and on ice can lead to quicker deflation of tyres, so it’s important to regularly check the tyre pressure. It can also result in internal damage to the engine if you’re driving on underinflated tyres as it will work harder to cope in the winter conditions. If possible, park the car under some shelter to prevent snow from falling directly onto the car’s exterior. It can decrease the chances of winter weather damaging the bodywork. The paintwork can become easily damaged by ice and snow. Paint protector film is a clear wrap that goes on the car to prevent any scratches from the weather from impacting the paintwork. Make sure to get it fitted by professionals to ensure the best protection. Wing mirrors can become equally damaged as windscreens by frosty weather. Cover them up with screen covers to prevent snow and ice from damaging the glass.