Former striker Peter Crouch announced his retirement at the age of 38 after a long and memorable career, boasting 108 Premier League goals and positions in 13 different teams. While the record-breaking football pundit will always be renowned for his professional sporting talents, the six-foot-seven father of four has since earned himself a title as a popular football pundit - with an impressive million-pound net worth to match his elite reputation. With a football career that spanned almost two decades and his more recent media work, Peter Crouch has amassed a staggering net worth of £25million, according to celebritynetworth.com. While there is no set salary for football pundits, Peter's contracts with BT Sport and Amazon Prime suggest that he still enjoys a healthy salary for his appearances alongside other ex-professional footballers. According to Married Biography, this is estimated to be around £40,000 per week. Alongside this, the former England, Liverpool and Stoke player has also been in attendance at two World Cups in 2006 and 2010, before recently joining The Masked Singer judging panel for the ITV show's fourth season in September 2022. Outside of his TV work, the father of four, who is famously married to model Abbey Clancy, resides at a sprawling custom-built family mansion located in Surrey, READ MORE: 'World's oldest makeup' look mature women should avoid - pictures  While the bulk of his personal fortune was accumulated during his 19-year football career, Peter did not have a straightforward journey in terms of his affiliation with different clubs. The renowned striker had bounced between six major clubs before the age of 25, starting at Queens Park Rangers (QPR) in 2000. In the popular podcast Diaries of a CEO with Steven Bartlett, Peter revealed that the course of his career had been "very different" to other players. After being bought by Porstmouth in 2001 for a "record fee", after showcasing his talents at Queens Park Rangers, Peter made his mark at Aston Villa in the Premier League. However, when this didn't work out, the 41-year-old was forced to try again at reaching premier status. From then on, the famously tall player moved between Norwich City and Southampton before joining the Liverpool England National Football team in 2005. DON'T MISS:Abbey Clancy and Peter Crouch pack on PDA after romantic vow renewal [LATEST]Peter Crouch and Abbey Clancy renew wedding vows [INSIGHT]Abbey Clancy turns heads with lookalike mum in top-to-toe leather [ANALYSIS] Though he wasn't always moving forward in his career, Peter holds the record for the most headed goals in Premier League history, scoring a total of 53 all with his head. In total he scored 108 goals in the Premier League, making him one of just 29 men in the Premier League hundred club. According to data from Capology, Peter earned an enormous $12,991,347 in gross earnings throughout his active sporting career, which equates to roughly £10,455,046. During the final year of play (2018-2019) it is estimated that he earned more than £800,000 at Burnley FC.   READ MORE: KSI has amassed fortune worth more than Emma Raducanu and Tommy Fury Speaking on the Diaries of a CEO podcast, Pete revealed the moment when he knew his career was over. He noted that his last game was playing for Burnley against Arsenal. He told Steven that while he "didn't miss it", he does "cherish" every moment of his career. Before his retirement, Peter started a family with his 36-year-old wife Abbey Clancey who he met in 2006 and proposed to in 2009. Model Abbey revealed that she always saw a future between the two, who have gone on to have a long, happy marriage since tying the knot in 2011. Abbey told Closer magazine: "I saw Pete and I knew he was the one for me, I knew he'd be my boyfriend. I still think that. I feel so lucky I have a beautiful child and a great husband."  The pair share three children, Sophia Ruby, Liberty Rose, Jack and Johnny, three of who have followed in their mum's footsteps of modelling over football. Recently, the famous couple renewed their wedding vowels 11 years after saying "I do" at the Stapleford Park Hotel in Lancashire. This time, Peter and Abbey enjoyed a more low-key affair in the Maldives with their children present.