Rachael Moore, 22, died after she was hit by the Merseyside Police vehicle in the Kensington area of Liverpool just after 8pm on December 24. An inquest opening on Wednesday heard the police driver attempted CPR before she was pronounced dead at the scene by paramedics. Senior coroner for Liverpool and Wirral Andre Rebello said: "The circumstances that I was told were on December 24, shortly before 8pm, Rachael had left her place of work after complaining of a headache. "She went home walking, as was usual, and she would have taken Prescot Road, turning into Sheil Road. "At 8.09pm, whilst crossing the carriageway of Sheil Road, she was struck by a motor vehicle. "This was a Merseyside Police vehicle and it is understood the driver was responding to a grade one emergency with blue lights and sirens." He added: "CPR was commenced by the police driver and an ambulance was called. Paramedics certified Rachael dead at the scene at 8.23pm." Mr Rebello asked coroner's officer Pam Robbins to pass on condolences to the family of the care worker, who was born in Derby. Ms Moore's family, in a statement issued through Merseyside Police, said previously she will be "greatly missed". The family said: "Rachael Louise Moore aged 22, cherished daughter of Alison and Ian, sister to Ben and much loved granddaughter of Nana Sue. Partner to Jack and caring friend to many. READ ABOUT GARY LINEKER AND HIS EX-WIFE SPENDING CHRISTMAS TOGETHER "She will be greatly missed by all those whose lives she touched. The family requests their privacy be respected at this devastating time." Appeals for witnesses to the collision have been made by the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC), which is investigating. In a further statement released on Tuesday, Ms Moore's family said: "We are fully supportive of the IOPC investigation and would please ask any witnesses to come forward to assist the IOPC with their inquiries into what happened to our daughter." IOPC regional director Catherine Bates said: "Our thoughts are with Ms Moore's family and friends, and all those affected by this tragic incident on Christmas Eve." DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'chose to leave in huff' [REPORT] 'Deeply upset' Mandela's granddaughter blasts Meghan and Harry [REVEALED] Prince Harry and Meghan 'hurt' as new Netflix show flops [LATEST] She added: "We have contacted her family to explain our role and we will keep them updated as our inquiries progress. "The information we have gathered so far indicates the officer involved was responding to an emergency call at the time and travelling down Sheil Road in the Kensington area. "We ask anybody who witnessed the incident, or who was driving in the vicinity of the area at the time, especially if they have dashcam footage, to contact us. "It is important in situations like this that there is a thorough and independent investigation to understand the circumstances that led to this happening." Ms Bates said: "Coming forward to assist us will help us to provide Rachael's family with the answers they need." Anyone with information is asked to call 03003035727 or email SheilRoadpoliceconduct.gov.uk. The inquest into Ms Moore's death was adjourned to April 25 for a review hearing.