Joe Sugg, 31, previously opened up about his Christmas plans with his former Strictly Come Dancing partner and girlfriend Dianne Buswell, 33, revealing the couple were taking things "day by day". It comes after the duo worried fans by spending the festive season apart from one another, before Joe embarked on a holiday abroad, just when Dianne was returning to the UK from seeing her family in Australia. Discussing how they would spend the 2022 holidays, Joe told Metro.co.uk just before Christmas: "Well, last year we were actually stuck in Helsinki for Christmas. Dianne managed to get Covid before we flew home. She did a test and it came back positive so we were like, 'ah, we’re now stuck'. "We were meant to fly home on Christmas Eve and spend Christmas with the family in the UK but we spent Christmas and New Year stuck in a hotel room. So it wasn’t ideal! "So now I think because of last year we’re very sort of taking it day by day. We’ve done our tree. All my friends from back home are coming up, we always have a traditional Christmas together as well and I’m hosting it this year. So my mind is currently sort of on that at the moment – that’s going to be a day of chaos." The pair who have been dating for four years met when Joe competed as a contestant on the hit BBC show Strictly Come Dancing.  READ MORE: Dan Walker left 'struggling' over Harry and William row  Professional Dancer Dianne caught the star's attention and the couple quickly made it official after the final. At the time he gushed on Instagram: “I may not have won the glitter ball, but I’ve won something a million times more special.” Things moved quickly for the pair with them moving in together in a countryside home.   However, just after the Christmas period, fans worried when Joe posted images of himself looking gloriously tanned with friends and a mystery female companion.   It was previously confirmed that Dianne had flown to Australia alone for the festive period, heightening worries the couple were no longer together. Posting an image of herself on a plane, the Australian dancer wrote: “I’m Almost in the land of oz !!!!” “What a difference 24 hours of flying makes then vs now! Been practicing my Australian accent on the plane! I’m rusty!” Friends and professional dancers wished her well, but noticed that there was no sign of Joe in the Instagram post. One follower wrote: “Poor Joe left on his own.” Someone else questioned: “I think they broke up? They haven’t posted together in months.” DON'T MISS: Paddy McGuinness branded unrecognisable by fans amid surgery rumours Charlotte 'burst into tears' over bridesmaid row with Kate and Meghan Megha ‘mauls’ Suits co-star in scene Prince Harry regrets watching While another put: “Aw is Joe not with you this year? Have a fab time Dianne xx” “Are you and Joe still together?”, questioned another fan. Despite being apart over Christmas, Dianne featured Joe on her Instagram, which seemed to ease fans' worries. Dianne posted a photo of herself on a video call with Joe on Boxing Day.  The snap proved to some fans that all was well between the duo. In the photo of the call, Joe and Dianne could be seen smiling while they chatted to each other despite being on opposite sides of the world. However, Joe's post-New Year travels have got fans talking once again. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Joe and Dianne for comment.