On Tuesday’s instalment of Loose Women, the panellist was speaking about presenter Davina McCall’s faux choppy fringe that she debuted on The Masked Singer. However, when Ruth decided to try the lookout for herself, her co-stars were speechless. Last weekend, the return of ITV’s The Masked Singer made its return as a new line-up of unidentified stars took to the stage in elaborate costumes. Although it was judge Davina McCall who stole the show with her new long locks and choppy bangs. However, the 55-year-old later took to Twitter to confess the new hairstyle was just a wig she put on for fun. Discussing the look on Tuesday’s instalment of Loose Women, the panellist decided to recreate the style on Ruth Langsford. READ MORE:Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again Usually sporting short blonde hair with a fringe, the 62-year-old entered the studio with long brown hair and bangs, similar to Davina’s Masked Singer look. Making her entrance to the song Venus, Brenda Edwards shouted in excitement at the change as the live audience cheered and clapped. While modelling the do, Carol McGiffin and Brenda burst out laughing at how dissimilar she looked. Brenda commented: “You look so different with colour!” While Carol added: “Oh my god that’s unbelievable.” Although Ruth seemed less than impressed as she told the live audience she looked like Morticia Addams from the Addams Family. Chiming in, Carol added she could also resemble the iconic singer Cher with the cut and colour of the wig. Ruth admitted: “See I don’t like myself with dark hair, I had dark hair once and I wasn’t keen.” DON'T MISS... ITV 'snubbed' by King Charles ahead of Prince Harry's interview [ROYAL] Silent Witness viewers distracted by Jack Hodgson's new appearance [REACTION] Coronation Street’s Daisy Midgeley to 'cheat' on fiance Daniel [SOAP] However, Ruth’s co-star Kelle Bryan complimented her by saying the dark colour made her eyes look a lot brighter. Ruth continued: “I have to say this reminded me of my Strictly days, that’s the one thing, well not the one thing I loved lots of things, but one of the one thing I really loved was changing my hair every week. “You had a different wig, a different look! I had a little Charleston flapper look, a red bob.” Showing a photo of Ruth’s time on the BBC dance show back in 2017 with her partner Anton Du Beke, viewers got to see the presenter with long blonde hair. Looking at the image, she admitted that was her favourite look during her time in the competition where they danced the Rumba. She said: “I had really long blonde hair! So every week I absolutely loved the idea of changing my hair." Echoing her thoughts, Brenda told the panel she also changes her hair regularly with wigs and extensions to suit her mood. Loose Women continues weekdays on ITV from 12:30pm.