Amazon have already reportedly “cut ties” with Jeremy Clarkson following his controversial Meghan Markle column which sparked a huge backlash. However, The Grand Tour host’s future with Who Wants To Be A Millionaire has also been thrown into question and ITV CEO Carolyn McCall has revealed the UK channel has “no place” for comments like the ones Jeremy made. In a letter sent on December 22, the ITV CEO responded to a call to drop Jeremy from the ITV quiz programme by SNP MP John Nicholson. She wrote: “Your concerns are completely understandable. ITV has no editorial control over Jeremy Clarkson’s independent journalistic output in The Sun or anywhere else he chooses to publish. “Everyone at ITV is very aware of our responsibilities as a Public Service Broadcaster and I’d like to be clear that the comments made were Jeremy Clarkson’s own and are in no way endorsed by ITV. “There is no place on ITV for the comments made in that article.” Read more: Clarkson's apology gave Harry and Meghan 'open goal', expert claims “It is also worth adding that Jeremy Clarkson is not an ITV employee and that when he appears on ITV it is as a quiz show host on a show which does not provide a platform for his opinions,” she added. The letter, first published by Deadline, concluded: “I hope that reassures you about ITV’s position and thank you again for making your concerns known.” ITV Director of Programs Kevin Lygo confirmed Jeremy’s position at ITV in December. At a press briefing, he said the former Top Gear presenter would continue as host of Who Wants To Be A Millionaire. There is only one season of the ITV quiz show left on Jeremy’s current contract with the broadcaster. This series is expected to be filmed next month and air later this year. Jeremy’s column, which was subsequently retracted by The Sun, became the Independent Press Standards Organisation’s most complained about article with more than 17,500 complaints. In the column, Jeremy claimed to hate Meghan on a “cellular level” and “dreamed of the day when [Meghan] is made to parade naked through the streets of every town in Britain while the crowds chant ‘Shame!’” DON'T MISSMeghan called out for having ‘main character syndrome’ [VIDEO]Phillip Schofield sparks uproar as he defends Jeremy Clarkson [INSIGHT]Meghan's biographer claims 'hate can do crazy things'  [INTERVIEW] The Clarkson’s Farm star later confirmed this remark was a reference to a Game of Thrones scene. In a statement shared on Instagram, Jeremy apologised for the controversial column. "I am going to try and buck the trend this morning with an apology for the things I said in a Sun column recently about Meghan Markle. "I am really sorry. All the way from the balls of my feet up to the follicles on my head. This is me putting my hands up. It's a mea culpa with bells on it. "Usually, I read what I've written before it is filed but I was home alone on that fateful day and in a hurry.” The Clarkson’s Farm star revealed he felt “sick” at reading his own words. Jeremy admitted he was “mortified” by the reaction and that some “very close friends were furious”. Speaking of the apology he sent to Meghan and Harry, he added: “I said I was baffled by what they had been saying on TV but that the language I’ve used in the column was disgraceful and that I was profoundly sorry.”