Prince Harry, 38, once again came under fire over the explosive claims made in his upcoming book, Spare. The Duke of Sussex angered the former manager of Love Island presenter Caroline Flack, who took her own life in 2020. Publicist Alex Mullen slammed Harry’s remarks as “gross”, as he accused him of revealing details of Caroline’s private life. He said in an Instagram post: “It’s absolutely gross for Prince Harry to reveal such private details about Caroline Flack.” Alex continued: “The way in which the press spoke about her at that time and the reason they split are both very sad and it’s disgusting he’s brought up old long forgotten slurs she had to suffer in full view of the public around the world. "Of course Caroline reacted to them with humour and grace but privately she was deeply hurt; just the first of many injustices she didn’t deserve. "Harry’s decision to remind all of the terrible things said about her to help sell his appalling book is grotesque," added the creative director. Alex went on to claim the Duke “knows nothing” about Caroline’s reason to take her own life, adding that he had been “blaming the press because that’s what he read about it”. He continued: "Perhaps he should be considering how he and Meghan Markle might have caused Queen Elizabeth II pain just as she lost her husband of 70 years and while she was on the path to her final goodbye.” Alex went on to call on the Royal Family to strip Harry of all titles “immediately”. In an excerpt of Spare, Harry lifted the lid on how he met the former X Factor presenter during a night out with a mutual friend in 2009. He reportedly admitted Caroline “wasn't taken aback that I didn't recognise her”, before branding her a “funny, sweet and cool” woman. Harry wrote in an excerpt seen by Us Weekly: "Very soon after they papped me and Flack, those photos set off a frenzy. “Within hours a mob was camped outside Flack’s parents’ house, and all her friends’ houses, and her grandparents’ house. "She was described in one paper as my ‘bit of rough’, because she once worked in a factory or something. “Jesus, I thought, are we really such a country of insufferable snobs?" Harry added. Express.co.uk has reached out to representatives for the Duke of Sussex for comment. Caroline tragically died in her north London flat on Saturday, February 15, 2020. Her death was confirmed by her family and friends. A family statement released at the time read: "We can confirm that our Caroline passed away today on the 15th February. "We would ask that the press both respect the privacy of the family at this difficult time." If you or someone you know has been affected by this story, Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. Alternatively, you can find more information on the Samaritans website here.