Crown Princess Mary of Denmark attended the Presentation of Heart Association and the Children's Heart Foundation's research grants at the Hotel d'Angleterre in Copenhagen last night, January 11. The royal opted for an elegant blouse and a matching skirt for the occasion. Mary wore a shiny, purple blouse with long sleeves and a high neck. Purple is a highly regal colour and suited Mary's skin tone well. She matched this with a skirt in the same colour but slightly darker. The purple was so deep that it was almost black. The royal completed the look with bare legs and a pair of burgundy shoes. They were the Bicolour Cutout Point-Toe Black and Burgundy Suede Pumps from Prada. These retailed for £450, but are out of stock in many places. Mary carried a navy blue clutch called the Navy Calfskin Leather Clutch, which was from Quidam Bags. As for accessories, she wore large hoop earrings and donned her glasses while giving a speech at the event. Her brunette locks were tousled in loose waves over her shoulders. To arrive at the hotel, Mary wore a simple, grey coat over her outfit, which seemed to be made of wool. DON'T MISS:Royal Family heirloom William most likely to inherit instead of Harry [STYLE]Luckiest animals in the Year of the Rabbit 2023 [HOROSCOPE]Five food storage ideas to stop cheese from going mouldy [GUIDE]  Mary's choice to wear an outfit all the same colour - but in different shades - was reminiscent of Queen Elizabeth II's style. The late monarch often wore matching garments that were all in one colour, and thus the sartorial hack has always been associated with regality. In 2013 Netflix documentary The Royals, fashion expert Katherine Ormerod explained one reason behind this was that it established the Queen's "signature style". She said at the time: "It has become her serious style signature. It has a multi-purpose value for her." READ MORE: 3 ‘outdated’ hairstyles women 40+ should avoid as 'they age you' Royal fans were quick to comment on Mary's regal outfit, with many impressed by her look. Instagram user @isabelq42 wrote: "She looks stunning in these repeat pieces. Love the colour on her. Just classic and chic." User @nic.olepapa commented: "I love this deep shade of purple on her." User @h_k_bend said: "Love the colour and fitting for colour of the year. The textures mix well." Rachel Hannam wrote: "Utterly stunning. She never puts a foot wrong." User @luxmeagainpreloved commented: "This is a gorgeous colour on Mary." User @rmsgreeneyedlady said: "Beautiful purple outfit." User @ale_campos_gua added: "Nice combination."