On January 1, 1934, the Bureau of Prisons established the Federal Penitentiary and sought to strengthen the prison cells of the infamous prison Alcatraz, making them “escape-proof”. It was a largely successful endeavor: although 36 tried to escape, almost all were caught or died in the attempt — except for three men. Also known as “The Rock”, the maximum security prison was opened on Alcatraz Island in San Francisco Bay in 1934. It had incarcerated the likes of gangsters Al Capone, also known as “Scarface”, and George “Machine Gun” Kelly. The year prior to its closure in March 1963, Frank Morris, and brothers John and Clarence Anglin, managed to escape The Rock, having prepared for months to flee the maximum security prison. Morris was sent to Alcatraz in 1960 after repeatedly attempting to escape prison elsewhere in the US, having been locked up for robbery, burglary, and other crimes.    He was then joined by the Anglin brothers who had committed a series of bank robberies. The three already knew each other as they had carried out previous stints in prison together. The trio had adjoining cells and with the help of another inmate, Allen West — who had been arrested more than 20 times — they began to devise a plan. On June 12, 1962, the trio disappeared from their cells. Lifelike dummies were instead put in their place, and according to the FBI, it was the real human hair on these dummies that successfully deceived the guards. Using a homemade drill, they were able to loosen the air vents in the back of their cells and climb out. West had not been able to remove his completely so did not manage to escape. They took with them inflatable vests and a raft made out of prison raincoats to navigate the cold and vast waters separating Alcatraz from mainland San Francisco. READ MORE: Amazing colourised photos show only men to Escape from Alcatraz    Two days after their disappearance, a packet of letters sealed in rubber, pieces of wood which resembled a paddle, the homemade lifevests, and bits of rubber were discovered in the water. Deputy US Marshal Michael Dyke, speaking to KGO in 2016, was given the task of attempting to track down the three after it was handed over from the FBI. He noted that the three had all worked for months without their master plan ever being discovered. He said: “All the work they did, that's months of labor without being caught. They were able to do what no one else has done, which is to get completely off the island and never be found — if they lived.” It is not known whether they survived, it being possible that they swam the mile-long journey from Alcatraz to Angel Island. However, no bodies were ever found. According to the FBI, “no credible evidence” emerged to suggest they were alive in the US or further afield, and the case was officially closed in December 1979 and handed to the US Marshals Service. DON'T MISS: Meghan says she was denied the childhood she wanted for Archie [INSIGHT]Christmas 'miracle' as mother discovers missing son alive and well [REPORT]Businesses braced to make rescue deals with big brands in 2023  [LATEST]  Then, in 1975, 13 years after the escape, a photo of the Anglin brothers, taken by a childhood friend in Brazil, emerged. While it was confirmed by the family’s private analyst, its legitimacy was not confirmed by the FBI. Further claims went on to be made about the Anglin brothers, like in 2021 when it was reported that their mother had received signed Christmas cards for the three years after they escaped Alcatraz. John Anglin is also said to have written a letter to the San Francisco Police in 2013, claiming to be the only one of the trio still alive. But the FBI’s handwriting analysis came back “inconclusive” as to whether it was him who had penned the note. It is thought that, if they are alive, the fugitives would be in their nineties. For now, their fate, and history after their escape from Alcatraz, remains shrouded in mystery.  