It has certainly been a whirlwind few months for former Sunderland and Stoke City man Dean Whitehead. The 41-year-old, best remembered as a tough-tackling central midfielder, will take charge of his first match as a manager for Cardiff City against Leeds United in their FA Cup third round replay tonight after being made interim boss of the Bluebirds following the sacking of Mark Hudson at the weekend. Despite his lack of managerial experience, Whitehead will have certainly learned plenty from an eventful three month spell on Valerien Ismael's backroom staff at Turkish giants Besiktas. And speaking exclusively to Express Sport, he reflected on what has been a hectic and eye-opening period. "I was working at Port Vale last season when coach Adam Murray joined the team," Whitehead reflects on how the move to Turkey came about. "He later left to go to Besiktas with Valerien, but he clearly liked what he saw from me and how I work with players, because I later got a call asking if I fancied joining him. "You always have to talk through these things with the wife and kids, but I always believe in having no regrets, and here was a chance to join a monster club. I couldn't turn it down."  Whitehead worked with what he describes as a 'real mixed bag' of talent in the squad, from Manchester United new boy Wout Weghorst and fallen England star Dele Alli to lesser known Turkish players. He continues: "I usually find it very easy to get into groups and get some team spirit going from chats with players. In Turkey we had six or seven who could speak English, but initially we had interpreters who would follow you around and translate everything, so it certainly took a bit of adjusting." Despite a positive start to the season, the notoriously passionate Besiktas fans began to lose patience following disappointing home draws against rivals Fenerbahce and Trabzonspor, and even though they only lost twice in 13 league games, Ismael, Whitehead and co were given their marching orders in October after defeat to Hatayspor. "If you don’t win those big games, you automatically come under pressure," Whitehead admits. "It wasn’t a mad crisis, but unfortunately at huge clubs you have to win the big games. The supporters had a big influence without a doubt. I’ve never heard anything like the noise they made in my life. When they’re that passionate and vocal, they have so much power. The president didn’t want us to go, but I feel like he made the decision under pressure. "All in all it was a brilliant experience, though. We got properly stuck into the culture and tried our absolute best. It was short-lived, but these things happen in football, and I've shown that I'm not afraid to go out of my comfort zone." Whitehead didn't take long to get stuck back into a new job, joining the coaching staff at Cardiff. And after Mark Hudson was dismissed at the weekend, Whitehead will now lead the side out for the FA Cup tie against Leeds. "It's an amazing amount of people who are going to come and support us on a Wednesday night away at Leeds, but we have to wear the shirt with pride and put on a performance for them," he adds. And could he perhaps tempt one of his former players in Alli to make a move to the Welsh capital? "Have you got a spare £100k a week?" he jokes. "Seriously, if that’s the level that Dele needs to regain his confidence and form, I don’t think he’s someone who would turn his nose up." Watch this space.