On Tuesday’s instalment of Lorraine, the presenter welcomed former Strictly Come Dancing stars James Jordan and his wife Ola onto the show. The couple touched on their dramatic physique change from last year but viewers slammed Jordan for admitting he preferred Ola skinner. Appearing on the ITV show, the Strictly couple touched on how they’ve managed to shift six stone in total between them. The duo decided to lose the weight after being told by an IVF clinic that if they wanted to conceive again it would help if they were both slimmer. It wasn’t long before Lorraine brought up past comments James had made in a previous interview where he admitted to preferring Ola’s slimmed-down figure. Defending the controversial remark, the 44-year-old admitted he had been asked the question directly before justifying his answer. READ MORE:Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again He told the ITV host: “I said, 'Yes I do, but I prefer her thinner because she’s happier thinner.'" After hearing the former professional dancer make comments about Ola’s weight, while she remained pretty quiet, many viewers slammed the interview as it made them feel uncomfortable. Taking to Twitter JordonLee said: “This seems a very uncomfortable interview with James and Ola Jordan on #Lorraine. Ola can barely get a word in when James is talking about her weight." X_elai added: “hmm... the way James spoke about Ola made me feel a bit uncomfortable. Saying how much she weighed and her height to demonstrate she was obese but didn't share his own felt a bit weird.” Dazmoll commented: “Touch of bad feeling in this Orla and James interview! Very uncomfortable watching.” Orltoowell slammed: “#lorraine so somehow Ola Jordan going through IVF and carrying a baby isn’t enough for James and still prefers her thinner … misogyny at its finest.” Twitter user NORRIEUK99 said: “He totally blanked her a couple of times when she tried to speak.” With tvreality93 saying: “This feels a bit awkward #lorraine." DON'T MISS:Ruth Langsford's ‘new’ appearance mocked by Loose Women co-stars [VIDEO]ITV 'snubbed' by King Charles ahead of Prince Harry's interview [ROYAL]Silent Witness viewers distracted by Jack Hodgson's new appearance [REACTION] Elsewhere in the interview, James left Lorraine stunned when he confessed they were both in the obese category. When she asked if he was serious, he replied: “You might look at us and go, ‘You’re not obese.' But what are you (Ola), five foot three? “She was nearly 12 stone, which again isn’t really heavy but for her height and everything. “We were both in the obese category.” Ola told Lorraine there were many things which contributed to them losing weight before James interrupted her stating he knew his wife was unhappy. Touching on the offence he caused with his remarks, Ola admitted she understood where James was coming from as she feels more confident and happier now. She told Lorraine: “I’m just myself again.” Lorraine continues weekdays on ITV from 9am.