A hunter has been found dead in his truck with a gunshot wound inflicted by his own dog in a bizarre and tragic case. The unnamed 32-year-old victim was killed while sitting in the passenger seat of his stationary pickup on a rural road in the US state of Kansas. Hunting gear and a rifle were found on the back seat where his dog was asleep when emergency workers arrived. Investigators say CPR was performed after the man was discovered on Saturday morning in the hamlet of Geuda Springs but it was too late to save him. He was pronounced dead at the scene at around 9.40am. After investigating the incident, they now believe the dog fired the fatal shot - the second case of a canine shooting its owner in less than two months. “A canine belonging to the owner of the pickup stepped on the rifle causing the weapon to discharge," the Sumner County Sheriff's Office said in a statement. “The fired round struck the passenger who died of his injuries on scene.”    Tributes have poured in from around the world, including from family friend of 20 years, Jimmy White, who also hit out at some comments mocking the tragedy on social media. “To all the comedians and weapons experts here: This boy was my friend, having been best friends for over 20+ years with his dad,” Mr White wrote. “These comments are hateful. I know this family very well and cannot tell you how much their hearts hurt right now. Shame on you.” READ MORE: Suspect arrested as seven killed in California gun rampage - the second in just two days  Geuda Springs, a tiny community with a population of less than 200, is located 18 miles north of Oklahoma. It is the second case of a dog shooting a man in the last two months. In November, another 32-year-old was killed while on a hunting trip in Turkey. DON'T MISS: Ghislaine Maxwell made 'important' gesture about Prince Andrew [SPOTLIGHT]The deadliest US shootings in last 40 years - and the map that shows spiralling crisis [ANALYSIS]Headache for Joe Biden as McCarthy set to visit Taiwan [INSIGHT]  Ozgur Gevrekoglu was wounded after his dog’s paw touched a loaded rifle as he moved him into a car. Gevrekoglu was taken to hospital where he was pronounced dead. He had been hunting in Samsun Province, connected to the Black Sea coastline.