Lucy Alexander, 53, is best known for being the face of the popular property series Homes Under The Hammer alongside co-presenter Martin Roberts, but the mum-of-two left the programme in 2016 after 13 years at the helm. The on-screen star has now addressed her latest TV debut on the Channel 4 series, A Place In The Sun. The property expert is guest presenting a new episode of A Place In The Sun which airs today. The TV star explained how she got the gig and admitted she hopes to present a few more episodes in the future. She told Express.co.uk: "With A Place In The Sun they needed a bit of help and needed somebody else to step in and I was obviously their first choice. "I was like, 'This is a dream gig.'" READ MORE: Amanda Holden turns heads in leg-baring look in tiny blazer dress  Lucy continued: "They called me on a Friday and I was out in Spain by the Sunday. "I had no preparation. No time to plan outfits, hair, blowdry, glamour, or fake tan. It was like off you go. But it's my bag and I know it. It was almost like I swapped subsidence for sun. That was what I'd done. I'd swapped the grotty damp, for sunshine." The property expert admitted her first TV episode didn't exactly go to plan after being caught up in a sandstorm. "It was very similar to what I'm used to doing but a bit of an upgrade," she commented. "I'm saying, it was sunny but when I got there it was torrential rain."  She continued: "It was not even funny. Not even like it's raining, it was torrential. Like a storm where I'm slushing around in my open toe sandals. "Contributors were saying to me 'We didn't think it would be like this.' I was sitting in the van in the cameraman's coat shivering. Then we had a sand storm. "So the trip wasn't as I would have imagined it but I'm hoping if I do more [episodes] they will look as glamorous as they do on the telly." The TV star explained she was pleased to get the presenting gig because she knows the ins and outs of property buying and renovation. DON'T MISS... Lisa Marie Presley's daughter Riley shares heartbreaking final photo[LATEST]Mick Jagger's ex-wife Bianca Jagger unrecognisable at Dior show[PICTURES]Amanda Holden turns heads in leg-baring look in tiny blazer dress[TV] Lucy's episode will air on Channel 4 where she will be helping house hunters Debbie and John find their dream holiday home in Spain's coastal region Mar Menor in south-east Spain. The couple are dreaming of a two-bedroom holiday home that’s near the beach. They have a budget of £80,000 to buy an apartment or townhouse, which could become their permanent home in the future, but can Lucy find them the perfect property? Speaking ahead of the show, Lucy said: "Basically I spend my whole life Googling homes and holidays and that is now word of a lie. "Since I can remember my past time has been homes and holidays hence why Homes Under The Hammer was the biggest part of my life. "Obviously that was a dream job for me because of property developing, doing up houses and talking to people about homes. It's just everything I love. And my other love is holidays." She added: "I would sit at home and Google holidays. What holiday can I go on, which trip or place to travel? All the things I love." A Place In The Sun airs weekdays on Channel 4 at 3pm.