Arsenal know exactly how it feels to have a transfer target snatched from your clutches and now could be the perfect time for Mikel Arteta and Edu to exact revenge on Chelsea after missing out on Mykhaylo Mudryk. The Gunners are actively exploring the market for potential opportunities in midfield, where extra depth and competition is desired following Mohamed Elneny's recent struggles. Arsenal have been fortunate in the sense that Thomas Partey and Granit Xhaka have largely remained fit this season besides the Ghanaian's three-match absence earlier in the season with a muscular problem. However, if one of those players were to get injured, it's fair to say the Premier League leaders are likely to struggle to continue performing at their current level. Yet the number of standout options within the market are currently sparse - meaning Arsenal will either have to think outside of the box or alternatively, shelve plans for further recruits until the summer. One name that is yet to have been mentioned is Ajax's Mexican warrior Edson Alvarez, who was the subject of strong interest from Chelsea in the summer. READ MORE: Chelsea receive final answer from Arsenal target Amadou Onana on January transfer deal In fact, the Blues saw a £43million bid rejected by Ajax as the Dutch giants drew a line in the sand following a mass exodus in Amsterdam. Arsenal were so very nearly part of that after holding extensive negotiations over a deal for Lisandro Martinez which would prove to be unsuccessful. Manchester United eventually landed the World Cup winner after Arsenal failed with two bids but now the Gunners could make amends if they were to pursue fresh talks with the Eredivisie side over Alvarez. Ajax are not the side they once were under Erik ten Hag and they are struggling to maintain the pace in the title race with Alfred Schreuder's side currently fifth in the table. DON'T MISS Arsenal have Gabriel Jesus problem after Man Utd win as Mikel Arteta ignores Prem meeting Man Utd legend looks unrecognisable with huge white beard in pub photograph with fan Chelsea receive Brighton boss Roberto De Zerbi's blessing on Moises Caicedo transfer Losing Alvarez would only decrease their chances of retaining the Eredivisie title this season but if Arsenal were prepared to offer competitive money, it would surely be considered. Furthermore, the demise of Ajax under Schreuder is likely to have some bearing on the price tag of the defensive midfielder. He is no longer playing for the strongest side in Holland and Chelsea have also walked away from the table, meaning Ajax are no longer in a position to demand huge money. There is a sense Chelsea have now moved onto other targets including the likes of Moises Caicedo and Amadou Onana but ultimately, Alvarez is one they can always return for should they wish. That's where Arsenal should seize initiative and intervene. The 25-year-old would be the perfect player to provide cover in midfield and help bolster the quality in reserve at the Emirates Stadium. He is certainly affordable and by no means out of Arsenal's price range and if they are to wait, there is every chance the likes of Chelsea and Newcastle up the intensity in the race for Alvarez's signature. Ajax proved stubborn negotiators with Arsenal over Martinez but that shouldn't deter the Gunners from entering the running for the defender's former team-mate. This is a deal that ticks so many boxes for Arteta and once again, it would only increase their chances of delivering the title - just like Leandro Trossard and Jakub Kiwior.