Chelsea co-owner Todd Boehly could be set to turn his attention away from hijacking his rivals for transfer deals and instead help one of his rivals Tottenham, by potentially greenlighting a move for Hakim Ziyech to join Jose Mourinho's Roma side. The Moroccan has been linked with a move to Italy for the past few transfer windows as he has struggled to consistently perform since moving to Stamford Bridge from Ajax in 2020.  The Sun have reported that talks are underway and Roma are interested in signing Ziyech as a potential replacement for Nicolo Zaniolo, who has also been linked with a move to the Premier League. Roma’s general manager Tiago Pinto is looking at potential replacements for Zaniolo and Ziyech is reportedly one of the key names, and the Serie A club have made an enquiry for Chelsea’s 29-year-old winger. One major stumbling block for a potential transfer is Ziyech’s wages, as he would have to take a substantial salary cut in order to complete a move. AC Milan also reportedly had issues centred around Ziyech’s wages when they attempted to sign him, while the Morocco star’s recent resurgence under Graham Potter may entice him to remain at the London club. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Ziyech has started four times since returning from the World Cup, including the previous two games, while he also got an assist in the 1-0 win over Crystal Palace. However, if a compromise could be reached over his wages Ziyech may decide there is too much competition at the Blues following the recent arrivals of Joao Felix, Mykhaylo Mudryk and Noni Madueke. A deal sending Ziyech to Roma would likely pave the way for Spurs to get their man in Zaniolo, though negotiations have become complicated as the Serie A side are hoping for a fee of £35million for their star. Antonio Conte’s outfit have reportedly proposed a loan with an obligation to buy if certain clauses are met surrounding Champions League qualification and the Italian’s performances. DON'T MISSMan Utd could sign Gravenberch as Bellingham alternativeLiverpool's dazzling new XI with Mbappe if Qatar seal £3bn takeoverJude Bellingham 'receives offer' from Real Madrid Fabrizio Romano has claimed that Spurs are willing to offer a player as part of a deal, similar to talks over Sporting Lisbon wing-back Pedro Porro as Spurs are also reluctant to pay his release clause and the Portuguese side are standing firm on their stance that he will only leave if the clause is met. Conte has demanded more reinforcements to compete at the top of the table, though it may be unlikely that he is backed in this window if his long-term future is not going to be at the club. His contract expires at the end of the season and recent reports have claimed that he has not been offered an extension, paving the way for the Italian to leave north London when his contract comes to an end.