Prince Harry's bombshell interview with Anderson Cooper on 60 Minutes on Sunday night has been blasted as "ghastly" by political analyst and former political aide to Margaret Thatcher Nile Gardiner. The Duke of Sussex spoke with the journalist about his upcoming autobiography, which is set to be released on January 10. Taking to Twitter, the former political aid excoriated the Duke's performance. "Harry comes across as a whining spoiled brat with a vendetta against the Royal Family," Mr Gardiner wrote on Twitter. Mr Gardiner continued: "He is supposedly the helpless victim of a menacing Monarchy, a nasty UK media, and above all his own father/brother." According to the political analyst, one of the biggest takeaways from Prince Harry's 60 minutes interview is "just how incredibly selfish and self-absorbed he sounds". Mr Gardiner tweeted: "In his eyes the entire world revolves around him and Meghan. He is not worthy of the Royal title that he carries." READ MORE: Prince William 'hurt' Harry by rejecting him at school: 'I took it personally' The former aide to Margaret Thatcher blasted the interview as "cringeworthy", adding that it played out as an "infomercial". During the interview, the Duke spoke about growing up as a royal, and how he left the monarchy after a perfect storm of problems, from tensions with family members to the intrusiveness of the British press. One of the most explosive revelations to come out of the interview related to his late mother, Princess Diana. When he was 20 years old, eight years after her death, Prince Harry requested the police report from his mother's fatal collision. DON'T MISSPrince Harry slammed as 'paranoid and unhinged' after interview [LATEST]Kevin McCarthy faces more turmoil in congress [REPORT]Idaho murders suspect's friend talks about his drug use [INSIGHT] The Duke said that he wanted "proof" his mum was in the car on that night. "Proof that she was in the car. Proof that she was injured. And proof that the very paparazzi that chased her into the tunnel were the ones that were taking photographs – photographs of her lying half dead on the back seat of the car." The Duke also took aim at the press for the role he said they played in Princess Diana's misery. Harry said he had "a lot of anger" built up through the years that he "never expressed to anybody". READ MORE: Prince Harry labels Prince Andrew's involvement with Jeffrey Epstein a 'shameful scandal' The Duke also lambasted the British press for their portrayal of his wife, Meghan Markle. "The fact that she was American, an actress, divorced, Black, biracial with a Black mother. Those were just four of the typical stereotypes that is – becomes a feeding frenzy for the British press," he said. After Harry tried to set the tone and released a statement condemning tabloid coverage of their relationship, William allegedly grew furious with his brother. When Meghan and Harry were given the Duke and Duchess of Sussex title, tensions boiled over. "It was a buildup of – frustration, I think, on his part. It was at a time where he was being told certain things by people within his office. And at the same time, he was consuming a lot of the tabloid press, a lot of the stories. And he had a few issues, which were based not on reality," Harry said. "And I was defending my wife. And he was coming for my wife – she wasn't there at the time – but through the things that he was saying. I was defending myself. And we moved from one room into the kitchen. And his frustrations were growing, and growing, and growing. He was shouting at me. I was shouting back at him. It wasn't nice. It wasn't pleasant at all. And he snapped. And he pushed me to the floor." Prince Harry's interview with Tom Bradby was also broadcast on ITV on Sunday night, January 8. This is ahead of the UK publication of his autobiography 'Spare', out on January 10.