Princess Kate is "appalled" at the Duke of Sussex for "dragging her name through the dirt" and is finding it hard to forgive, a source has claimed. Prince Harry has levelled a series of allegations against the Prince and Princess of Wales, including that they encouraged him to wear the Nazi uniform to a fancy dress party in 2005 which sparked a public outcry. A source told Us Weekly: "Kate feels that Harry's actions are atrocious. She is appalled at him for dragging her name through the dirt and is finding it hard to forgive." In his memoir, the Duke of Sussex, 38, writes about an infamous row between Meghan and Kate during a bridesmaids' dress fitting for Princess Charlotte, claiming he found his wife on the floor in tears after the fallout. The Duke also writes that Kate reluctantly lent Meghan her lip gloss and was "taken aback" by the request to borrow it. He also claims Kate "grimaced" when Meghan squeezed some on to her finger and applied it to her lips. He also praises Kate, recalling his early impressions of the princess. He describes her as "carefree", "sweet" and "kind" in his memoir. Harry recounts attending a party with his brother William and Kate, writing: "I liked seeing Kate laugh. Better yet, I liked making her laugh. And I was quite good at it. My transparently silly side connected with her heavily disguised silly side. "Whenever I worried that Kate was going to be the one to take Willy from me, I consoled myself with thoughts of all our future laughing fits together." Kensington Palace and Buckingham Palace have declined to comment in the wake of the string of claims made in Harry's book. Harry has also said he put a lot of hope into the idea the Waleses and Sussexes would get along, but stereotyping caused a "bit of a barrier" to the Prince and Princess of Wales welcoming Meghan. READ AN EXPERT'S VIEW OF PRINCE HARRY'S ANGER In an interview on ITV promoting his autobiography, presenter Tom Bradby said the impression was that his brother William and sister-in-law Kate did not get on "almost from the get-go" with Meghan, to which Harry replied: "Yeah, fair." When asked what the reason was, Harry said: "Lots of different reasons ... I had put a lot of hope in the idea that it'd be William and Kate and me and whoever. "I thought the four of us would bring me and William closer together, we could go out and do work together, which I did a lot as the third wheel to them, which was fun at times but also, I guess, slightly awkward at times as well. "I don't think they were ever expecting me to get ... into a relationship with someone like Meghan who had a very successful career." DON'T MISS: Prince Harry slammed as 'paranoid' and 'unhinged' [OPINION] Harry hits back at Tom Bradby in tense exchange [REPORT] Piers Morgan says Prince Harry is the unhappiest ‘happy man’ [REVEALED] Before meeting Harry, Meghan starred in the US legal drama Suits in which she played paralegal-turned-lawyer Rachel Zane. Harry laughed when telling Bradby his brother and sister-in-law were Suits fans, adding: "Who would've thought? I never knew that." Of his wife, Harry suggested there was a lot of "stereotyping" that even he was "guilty of" at the beginning. He told Bradby: "The fact I had that in the back of my mind, and some of the things that my brother and sister-in-law, some of the way that they were acting or behaving definitely felt to me as though, unfortunately, that stereotyping was causing a bit of a barrier to them really sort of introducing or welcoming her in." It is believed Harry's revelations have damaged his fragile relationship with William beyond repair. Overnight, Harry said he is not texting his brother in an incendiary interview in the US. Speaking with CNN's Anderson Cooper about his relationship with his brother and his father, King Charles, Harry said he is currently not texting William and that he has not spoken to his father for "quite a while". Cooper asked: "Do you speak to William now, do you text?" Harry replied: "Currently, no, but I look forward to us being able to find peace." Asked how long it had been since he had spoken to his father, he said: "We haven't spoken for quite a while, no, not recently." Questioned on what his mother, Diana, Princess of Wales, would think of his fractured relationship with his brother, Harry said: "I think she would be sad that it is where it is now. "I believe that she would want reconciliation. And I hope that's what's achievable." When asked if he could see himself returning as a full-time member of the Royal Family, Harry replied: "I can't see that happening." Harry's book Spare, which is due out on Tuesday, has sparked a furore over his claims William physically attacked him, while his admission he killed 25 Taliban members during the Afghanistan war generated protests in Helmand province over the weekend. Two more interviews are set to be broadcast, with Michael Strahan of Good Morning America on Monday and Stephen Colbert on the Late Show on CBS on Wednesday morning UK time. Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10th.