A jury at Chester Crown Court have found former Manchester City footballer Benjamin Mendy, 28 not guilty of six sex offences. The group, made up of eight men and four women took fourteen days to deliberate their decision before returning a majority verdict. The jury cleared Mendy of six counts of rape and one count of sexual assault but could not reach a verdict on one count of rape and one count of attempted rape, following the six-month trial and prosecutors are seeking a retrial for the two allegations. As the verdict was read out Mendy covered his face with both hands, gently rocking back and forth as the jury foreman repeated "not guilty". Speaking after the verdict, Matthew Conway, prosecuting conrifmed they would seek a retrial. He said: "The prosecution has made a decision. We have made a decision today, which is to proceed on these counts in two separate trials and we seek today a provisional case management."     His co-accused and alleged “fixer”, Louis Saha Matturie, was also found not guilty by the jury of three counts of rape relating to two teenagers. During the trial the court heard that the alledged offences took place at Mendy’s £4.7 million mansion in Cheshire and a rented flat in central Manchester between October 2018 and August last year. Both men argued that sex was consensual. Timothy Cray KC described Mendy as a "predatory, serial rapist" in his closing remarks to the jury, urging them to convict both men.  Partway through the trial, the judge ordered the jury to find the defendants not guilty on all charges relating to one of the women, after a 'sex video' emerged of her having 'willing' sex with Matturie at a time she claimed he had raped her. Giving evidence Mendy told the court he regretted his party lifestyle but denied ever forcing any woman into sex. Meanwhile, Matturie did not take give evidence but also denied any wrongdoing. The lengthy trial began back in August with the jury originally sent out to deliberate on December 5, but due to illness, the jury did not sit for the rest of that week. During deliberations, one juror was discharged and the judge confirmed they would no longer take part in the trial. "We would obviously much prefer if all 12 of you could have carried on," the judge told the jury. "But sometimes there comes a stage where we have to get on with the trial." Benjamin Mendy was part of France's winning squad in the 2018 World Cup. In August 2021, he was suspended from Manchester City after the charges came to light. Manager Pep Guardiola told the court the footballer was "a really good, funny boy". Following the verdict a statement from Mendy's club said: "Manchester City FC notes the verdict from Chester Crown Court today where a jury has found Benjamin Mendy not guilty of seven charges. "The jury is hung on two charges and the trial is now over. "Given there are open matters related to this case, the club is not in a position to comment further at this time."