Manchester United youngster Kobbie Mainoo raised eyebrows by playing his first senior game for the club on Tuesday evening and his youth-team coaches have tipped him for a bright future. One comparison in particular could satisfy manager Erik ten Hag and save his superiors tens of millions, providing the teenager continues to progress. Mainoo is heralded as one of the finest prospects in United's academy, having been part of the youth set-up since the age of nine. Still several months short of his 18th birthday, the midfielder was selected to start by Ten Hag against Charlton Athletic in the Carabao Cup quarter-finals. Meanwhile, the United boss has made no secret of his admiration for Borussia Dortmund and England sensation Jude Bellingham, even recently admitting to a supporter that he is one player he would love to sign. His services won't come cheap, however, with the likes of Liverpool, Manchester City and Real Madrid eyeing up a potential £130million swoop in the summer, when he is expected to depart BVB. JUST IN: Transfer news LIVE - Arsenal exit confirmed, Chelsea reach agreement Banking on Mainoo could save the club a healthy wad of cash in that regard, with one particular comment by United U21s boss Travis Binnion suggesting that the youngster shares a key trait with his sought-after counterpart. The theory is that Bellingham's favoured No 22 shirt is worn due to his ability to play as a No 6, No 8 or a No 10, with Mainoo already showing similar characteristics. "In recent weeks, we’ve seen him play as a 6, 8 and 10, and that shows the making of a really good football brain and an athletic capability to play throughout the pitch and play in different roles and systems," Binnion told The Athletic late last year. "He’s progressing nicely. DON'T MISS...Tottenham and QSI 'left specific topic off the table' during 'talks'Liverpool could sign four stars to solve major squad issueArsenal break Barcelona-style curse in Oxford United FA Cup win  "His strengths are close control, good awareness, body contact. He’s really good in both boxes, he’s combative. He’s got a nice blend of many skills. He’s been training with the first team and doing well. He’s been really consistent. "With young players, they’re up, they’re down, and sometimes they get carried away with themselves. Then they get a reality check and struggle to deal with it. The thing with Kobbie is that he comes into the club every day, he applies himself really well. He’s never too high, never too low. He’s got quite an old head on his shoulders."  Naturally, Mainoo still has some way to go to match Bellingham's level after the Dortmund star shone at the World Cup in Qatar several weeks ago. But a senior start at 17 years old is some vote of confidence by the United coaching staff in a cup quarter-final. The Stockport-born prodigy already trains regularly with the first team and has earned caps for England U18s. Alejandro Garnacho has had a similarly speedy rise to senior football, which will come as an incentive for Mainoo to push on for more opportunities between now and the end of the season.