Madonna is hitting London's O2 Arena on Saturday, October 14, 2023, bringing her absence from the UK to an end - finally! The last time Madonna was in the UK was back in 2019 for her Madame X tour. General onsale tickets for the Queen of Pop's new tour - The Celebration Tour - go on sale later this week, but the presale is happening now. Act fast as they are expected to sell out quickly. Madonna's presale tickets are on sale now. The Legacy Member presale kicked off on Wednesday, January 18, 2023. Buy Legacy Member Madonna presale tickets here. O2 Priority members will be able to get their own set of presale tickets today, as well. Mobile phone users who are with the O2 network will be able to get O2 Priority tickets today, Wednesday, January 18, at 11am. Buy O2 Priority Madonna tickets here. After that, Live Nation will be holding its own presale event for Madonna's Celebration Tour. Live Nation's Madonna presale event will kick off tomorrow, Thursday, January 19, at 9am. Fans of Madonna can register their interest on the official Live Nation website here. Buy Live Nation Presale Madonna tickets here. Scroll down for a full list of Madonna tour dates. General onsale tickets for Madonna's Celebration Tour go on sale this Friday, January 20, at 10am. Tickets will be available on various ticketing platforms, including Ticketmaster and Live Nation. Buy Madonna tickets at Ticketmaster here. Buy Madonna tickets at Live Nation here. Prices for Madonna's tickets have not yet been revealed, however, tickets at London's O2 Arena can cost anywhere from £60-£120. There are also some VIP packages which may include premium tickets, "exclusive access to a behind-the-scenes tour, group photo on-stage, pre-show reception, limited edition lithograph + more". Buy Madonna tickets here. Scroll down for a full list of Madonna tour dates. Madonna announced her tour in a viral video that included some major Hollywood and music industry stars. Included in the clip were the likes of Jack Black, Lil Wayne, Judd Apatow and Bob The Drag Queen - to name a few. It ended with Amy Schumer daring the star to go on tour and perform her "megahits" to the world. On top of making a brief visit to the UK, Madonna will be hitting large parts of Europe as well as an extensive tour in North America. Madonna said: "I am excited to explore as many songs as possible in hopes to give my fans the show they have been waiting for." The tour kicks off on July 15, 2023, in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Buy Madonna tickets here. Scroll down for a full list of Madonna tour dates. Sat Jul 15 – Vancouver, BC – Rogers Arena Tue Jul 18 – Seattle, WA – Climate Pledge Arena Sat Jul 22 – Phoenix, AZ – Footprint Center Tue Jul 25 – Denver, CO – Ball Arena Thu Jul 27 – Tulsa, OK – BOK Center Sun Jul 30 – St. Paul, MN – Xcel Energy Center Wed Aug 02 – Cleveland, OH – Rocket Mortgage Fieldhouse Sat Aug 05 – Detroit, MI – Little Caesars Arena Mon. Aug 07 – Pittsburgh, PA – PPG Paints Arena Wed Aug 09 – Chicago, IL – United Center Sun Aug 13 – Toronto, ON – Scotiabank Arena Sat Aug 19 – Montreal, QC – Centre Bell Wed Aug 23 – New York, NY – Madison Square Garden Thu Aug 24 – New York, NY – Madison Square Garden Wed Aug 30 – Boston, MA – TD Garden Sat Sep 02 – Washington, DC – Capital One Arena Tue Sep 05 – Atlanta, GA – State Farm Arena Thu Sep 07 – Tampa, FL – Amalie Arena Sat Sep 09 – Miami, FL – Miami-Dade Arena Wed Sep 13 – Houston, TX – Toyota Center Mon Sep 18 – Dallas, TX – American Airlines Center Thu Sep 21 – Austin, TX – Moody Center ATX Wed Sep 27 – Los Angeles, CA – Crypto.com Arena Wed Oct 04 – San Francisco, CA – Chase Center Sat Oct 07 – Las Vegas, NV – T-Mobile Arena Sat Oct 14 – London, UK – The O2 Sat Oct 21 – Antwerp, BE – Sportpaleis Wed. Oct. 25 – Copenhagen, DK – Royal Arena Sat Oct 28 – Stockholm, SE – Tele2 Wed Nov 01 – Barcelona, ES – Palau Sant Jordi Mon Nov 06 – Lisbon, PT – Altice Arena Sun Nov 12 – Paris, FR – Accor Arena Mon Nov 13 – Paris, FR – Accor Arena Wed Nov 15 – Cologne, DE – Lanxess Arena Thu Nov 23 – Milan, IT – Mediolanum Forum Tue Nov 28 – Berlin, DE – Mercedes-Benz Arena Fri Dec 1 – Amsterdam, NL – Ziggo Dome