Novak Djokovic made an alarming admission after his four-set win over Enzo Couacaud as he claimed his ongoing hamstring injury was "not good at all" and hinted that he may not be ready for his third-round match. The world No 5 needed a medical time out on Thursday but still came through 6-2 6-7(5) 6-2 6-0. Djokovic raised alarm bells on Thursday as he gave a frank insight into his ongoing hamstring injury. The 35-year-old appeared to tweak the muscle during his Adelaide semi-final two weeks ago but the issue has become much worse that initially anticipated, with the Serb sporting heavy taping on his thigh for his first two Australian Open matches. The fourth seed in Melbourne was physicalled hampered during the second set of his match against the French qualifier and needed an off-court medical time out to have his taping removed and re-applied. He returned to the court and lost the set but ended up winning in four, dropping just two more games for the rest of the match. Just when it appeared that the injury seemed to disappear in the final two sets, the nine-time champion Down Under made a startling revelation straight after the match as he told Eurosport's Barbara Schett just how bad it was. "It's not good at all to be honest," he replied when the former pro-turned-pundit quizzed him on the hamstring. Watch every match from the Australian Open live and exclusive on discovery+ and Eurosport Djokovic also admitted that it was "better" in his last match than it was against Couacaud, indicating that it could be getting worse with play. "That's all I can say," he added, before hinting that he wasn't entirely sure whether he'd be fit enough to play his next match against Grigor Dimtrov on Saturday. Djokovic continued: "Now it's really up to God to help me, and physio and everything. Let's take it day by day, hopefully I will be able to recover and be ready for a tough match up next match." DON'T MISSRuud admits he and Nadal may have made same error before Aus OpenAlexander Zverev left embarrassed after bird poos on him at Aus OpenAus Open wildcard in tears after upsetting Fritz in front of home fans   The 21-time Grand Slam champion is set to play Dimitrov, who he has faced ten times before. His only defeat came ten years ago at the Madrid Masters, though if Djokovic's injury woes continue then the 27th seed may have a shot at getting his second career win over the Serb. "We're good friends off the court, Balkan brothers," Djokovic smiled when discussing his next match during his on-court interview.