Arsenal transfer target Mykhaylo Mudryk appears to have made another desperate attempt to force through a move to the Gunners with a very suggestive social media post. The Ukrainian starlet wants to join the Premier League leaders in January but a deal with Shakhtar Donetsk does not seem to be close. Mudryk has made several subtle hints on his social media channels about wanting to join Arsenal. The 21-year-old has now used his cat as a decoy in a very clever image picked up on my fans of the north Londoners. To the naked eye, the Shakhtar winger appears to have simply tweeted a picture of his adorable feline pet. The caption, which is accompanied by laughing and heart-eye emojis and is written in Ukrainian, reads: "My biggest cheerleader.” However, fans have noticed that in the background of the snap is a YouTube video displayed on a screen on the wall. Supporters have found that the video is a compilation of his performances that welcomes him to Arsenal. JUST IN: Arsenal chief Vinai Venkatesham makes transfer promise It is not the first time that Mudryk has hinted that he wants to join Mikel Arteta’s side. On a couple of occasions, the Ukraine international has shared snaps of him watching Arsenal, and has repeatedly liked fans’ comments asking him to make the switch. A deal is proving tricky to complete, though, with Shakhtar demanding an eye-watering £85million to relinquish their prized talent. The Ukrainian giants want a fee similar to the one that saw Jack Grealish leave Aston Villa for Manchester City 18 months ago. Separate reports add that Shakhtar are demanding so much because they missed out on fees for several players after FIFA ruled foreign stars could depart for free following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. DON'T MISS...Cristiano Ronaldo being used by Al Nassr in 'ultimate revenge' missionLiverpool snubbed by World Cup transfer target as star picks clubFormer Premier League star Richard Rufus jailed Arsenal’s pursuit of Mudryk has been further complicated by interest from Premier League rivals Chelsea. The Blues are prepared to battle the Gunners for the left-footed starlet but like their London foes, they are uneasy about spending such a large sum on the player. Chelsea are believed to have met with Shakhtar officials in London after their Premier League clash with Manchester City a week ago. However, it is unclear if a deal between their two parties moved a step closer. The west Londoners have also signed attacker Joao Felix on loan from Atletico Madrid, which could see their interest in Mudryk cool. For the player’s part, Mudryk’s social media activity suggests he has his heart set on Arsenal.