Dovid Fehler says the industry pushes the mantra that you "must buy" pricey flawless diamonds instead of ones with imperfections - however minor. This can lead to people spending £50,000 on a diamond that looks identical to the naked eye like one costing £25,000 or even £10,000. The huge price disparity is because diamonds are tested according to the GIA scale which grades them based on carat weight, cut, color, and clarity. Mr Fehler explained that “very subtle” differences in the grading can lead to “very dramatic" price differences. “This means that with a little bit of education, you can save a lot of money,” he said. “You don't need a flawless diamond. You don't need a diamond with no marks. There's nothing wrong with marks as long as they're clever and subtle. “In fact, the right marks help - they bring down the price hugely and people can't see them." "What's not to like? Or you could end up paying a fortune for a clear diamond that only a jeweller would be able to tell the difference." “This is why around 90 percent of my clients sit in front of me after I tell them this and are like ‘wow, if I never had met you, I would have bought something vastly more expensive but looks identical’." "Unfortunately not everyone listens. The reality is that many people have a needless obsession with buying a perfect diamond and are willing to pay a fortune to get one.”  To highlight the disparity, Mr Fehler - who has a decade’s experience in the industry and founded Hatton Garden-based firm London Jeweller - recorded a video with three diamonds which are identical when placed on a ring but cost £10,000, £25,000 and £50,000 respectively. Mr Fehler explained that the certificate is there as a guidance and “every stone is unique and looks unique”. “Going in and asking for a VS2 diamond (a grading quality) is like going into a car dealership and asking for a white BMW," he said. “That doesn’t really give you an indication of the performance of the car." “There are so many different aspects of how it will drive that have nothing to do with the colour." “It is similar with diamonds. There are so many different variations that will determine the price of the diamond." “You need to physically look at your diamond to determine which stone is best for you."  “The certifications will tell you the size of the imperfections but not if you can see them with your naked eye." “This explains why there can be such a drastic price difference between seemingly the same diamonds." “The answer is that every diamond is unique and the certificate will not give you an indication of how it will look." “You need to view the diamond and see the colour, measurements, and the imperfections. And most importantly how is its sparkle. That is the most important thing." “Look at it physically, compare it with other stones. Then you can determine if it sparkles well or badly." “Remember, no one cares what quality your diamond is if it doesn’t sparkle." 