A gas engineer could hold crucial information about what happened to a woman who was found in a "mummified almost skeletal state" in her home. Laura Winham's remains were found by her brother in her flat four years after it is thought she died.    The 38-year-old's loved ones said they asked police to break into her home after they grew concerned for her safety. They said she was "abandoned and left to die" by social and mental health services and that she died in November 2017 - three-and-a-half years before her body was found. Exactly when she died is not known but it is thought to have been that month because the markings she had made on her calendar stopped and it was shortly after she had written “I need help”. However, Ms Winham’s energy bills continued to be paid through housing benefits even after she had died and an annual gas safety check had been registered in January 2018. During a pre-inquest review of her death today at Surrey Coroner's Court, her family raised concerns about signatures on a gas safety certificate.    Kate O'Raghallaigh, the family’s barrister, told the hearing that the signature provided on the certificate had irregularities when compared with previous examples of Laura's signature. Daily Mirror reports that she told the coroner Dr Karen Henderson that Mears Ltd, a contractor, provided a signed gas safety certificate. But it is suggested that Ms Winham’s signature on this document does not match other examples of her signatures. Ms O'Raghallaigh added: "I would briefly raise the question of the gas engineer. "It may be that the court will undertake further inquiries over whether he can be located because in one version of events, he was the last person to see Laura Winham alive. "It certainly remains, at the very least, a very important line of inquiry."  READ MORE: Prince William sees Harry as a 'lost cause' after rebuffing talks  The inquest heard that investigators are trying to track down the gas employee to see if they can narrow down the timeframe of Ms Winham’s death. It also heard that police officers visited her flat when she was still alive in October 2017. Ms O'Raghallaigh said the police reported their concerns – that she had been neglecting herself and had little access to food - to the county council. Katie Ayers, representing the county council, said the authority accepts a care assessment for Ms Winham should have been done after the police visit. "What Surrey County Council has accepted is that a section nine check should have been completed but it was not," she said. DON'T MISSHarry and Meghan didn't expect 'negative feedback' from memoir [ANALYSIS]Tory infighting erupts as MP compares Rishi's Govt to 'Titantic band' [REVEALED]Suella to kick out foreign criminals with new act [REPORT]    Ms Ayers added: "There may have been a risk in relation to malnutrition. At this stage that would seem to be speculative." A cause of death has yet to be determined, which Ms O'Raghallaigh described as a "very unusual factor in this case". Ms Winham had schizophrenia and this had caused her to believe her family would harm her, her family said previously. They said that because of this they made the painful decision to step back and respect her wishes, and believed she would be cared for by local adult care services and mental health teams in Woking, Surrey. Surrey Police said they attended and found a body in the flat in Woking on May 24 2021. They said no one else was involved. Another pre-inquest review will take place at Surrey Coroners' Court on March 15.