Joe Biden was seen "stumbling and screaming" during his latest public speech, according to his conservative Republican critics. Fox News host Sean Hannity noted President Biden's struggle to explain his own policies during his trip to the Steamfitters Local 602 in Springfield, Virginia. The trip - just ten miles from Washington DC - comes amid questions over President Biden's fitness to run for a second term. Mr Hannity told viewers: "Joe Biden is having a very hard time, plagued by his own cognitive decline. "He decided to take a big trip away today from the Oval Office. He managed to travel a whole ten miles to Springfield, Virginia. Wow, what a long trip! "The purpose for this outing was not exactly clear, and his bizarre, disjointed speech was almost impossible for anyone to comprehend." During the address to workers, the US president joked about his history of gaffes and questions about his intelligence as he tried to tout his administration's economic record. JUST IN: Whoopi Goldberg erupts after school failed to search 6yo shooter  He told the audience: "I said that when I was seeking the nomination, I said, 'Take a seat, everybody,' and there wasn't a single chair in the place. "They said that Biden really is stupid and he doesn't know it." He then abruptly followed up by asking: "Where's Doug the congressman?" - apparently referring to Representative Don Beyer. President Biden called the Democrat Congressman 'Doug' five times during the speech, adding: "He's around here somewhere. Doug knows."  The gaffe-prone leader has faced criticism for his blunders from some Republicans who have questioned his mental capacity for the job. At one point during the speech, the 79-year-old leader suddenly started to scream, saying: "Talk about being deprived of your pride. Look at your child! Your child!" In another bizarre remark, he said: "If you don't think we have a climate crisis, come travel with me around the country. I'm not joking, go back, go back. And here we are." DON'T MISS: Snow showers to lash parts of UK this weekend amid blizzard fears [FORECAST]Samantha Markle exposes another Meghan 'lie' [INSIGHT]Royal Family still has to deal with racism, despite Harry's new claim [COMMENT]  Mr Hannity said: "Is this someone capable of handling debt ceiling negotiations? Does he fully comprehend what is exactly going on?" During the speech, President Biden cast Republicans as representing the party of "chaos and catastrophe" before rebuking their refusal to approve an increase in the debt ceiling. Republican House Speaker Kevin McCarthy has vowed not to approve a debt ceiling increase unless President Biden and his Democrats reach a deal with Republicans on cutting future government spending. President Biden went on the attack in response, against “MAGA Republicans in the House of Representatives who are threatening to destroy” economic progress. He added that he was receiving criticism from abroad for focusing too much attention on the United States, but responded: "The hell with that!" 