A male model who flew to Turkey to ramp up his look by paying more than £5,000 for new teeth has left people gushing about the results. Mike Mains posted a video of himself online sitting in a dentist chair with a green paper protective top on.  With his mouth closed, there is still a big clue about what he is doing there because he has captioned the TikTok clip: “If you ever get crowns . . . know your real teeth will be shaved down to shark teeth before.”  And then he looks to be shocked as he opens his mouth to reveal his very shaved down teeth, that do look very much like the pointy sharp teeth that sharks have.  But moments later, he smiles to reveal the final results are a set of gleaming white teeth – and viewers of the video say it was definitely worth the £5,320 he paid.     The post has been viewed more than 180,000 times by people around the world.  People loving the look include TikTok user Paloma Nopal who wrote: “They look great, a bit white but they look great, handsome there fella. Smile papi.”  And Hermie Balbin commented: “Wow u look handsome.”  TikTok user Kimiya is also a big fan, commenting: “Handsome and beautiful teeth.” READ MORE: Real-life 'chamber of secrets' hidden beneath housing estate  MJ wrote: “Me too, sometimes I feel insecure because my teeth are not perfect,” to which Mr Main responded: “We are all imperfect in our own ways. But we are also beautiful in our own ways.” But not everyone is as much of a fan with someone calling themselves Raymond simply saying: “Too white”. In response, Mr Mains said: “They are white in the light but pretty normal without lighting.” Although the clip is less than a minute long, Mr Mains explained that the process took much longer.  In response to someone who asked whether they did it all in one day, he said: “No, they do it in multiple sessions because they still have to measure your teeth, make it, and then install it.” DON'T MISSIggy Azalea drops racy pic in lingerie to mark her debut on OnlyFans [PICTURED]Ana Walshe 'had many fights' with husband before disappearing [REVEALED]Iranian regime uses Prince Harry to take outrageous swipe at UK [REPORT] And giving tips to others who want to follow his lead, he said: “I suggest it [the colour] not being whiter than the white on your eyes. Though mine’s a bit lighter.” Mr Mains is originally from Toronto, Canada, and has modelled for six years in more than 15 different countries.  He has shot for Ted Baker, Volkswagen, GQ, and Vogue, among others, and has also filmed a small acting role for season two of Amazon Prime’s The Boys. 