Tom Holland is the current actor embodying the role of Spider-Man for the Marvel Cinematic Universe - but he was recently joined by some old faces. In No Way Home, he teamed up with previous cinematic wall crawlers Andrew Garfield and Tobey Maguire to battle the forces of evil spanning the Spider-Verse. Since then, fans have been calling for the actors to make even more comebacks, and Maguire has thought about it. Maguire played Peter Parker in three movies from 2002 to 2007, before his version of the hero was scrapped in favour of Garfield's. A more mature version of his web-head returned for No Way Home in 2021, marking the first time he put on the spandex in almost 15 years. He was recently quizzed by Marvel.com on what his answer would be if he was asked to return to the character yet again. He replied: "If these guys called me and said: 'Would you show up tonight to hang out and goof around?' or: 'Would you show up to do this movie or read a scene or do a Spider-Man thing?' it would be a 'yes!'" Maguire, who is now 47-years-old, added: "Because why wouldn’t I want to do that? ... I love these films and I love all of the different series." It's not a massive surprise Maguire would be keen to rejoin the franchise after so many years away. On top of the endless fame he gained during the release of his Spider-Man films, he also earned a reported $20 million for his movie trilogy. On top of that, Maguire earned a reported $1 million for his 30-minute role in Spider-Man: No Way Home. But, as well as that, he has also confirmed how much he loved playing the Marvel superhero. DON'T MISS...Avengers Secret Wars leak – Tobey Maguire Spider-Man return and more [LEAKS]Prince Harry dresses as Spider-Man in sweet Christmas video message [NEWS]Tom Holland quits social media after emotional mental health admission [INFO] Maguire later told the website: "When they called initially, I was like finally! [Laughs] I got the call and was immediately open about coming to do this. Not without nerves – you know, 'what will this look like and what will the experience be?' But to get to show up with beautiful, talented, creative people and play together? It’s just like, 'Yes!' It’s fun and exciting." The American star also spoke candidly about the tight-fitted costume. He said: "The suit can definitely be a challenge at time when you’ve got to get into the full thing. But then, once you’re comfortable, there is something fun about it. As an actor, it helps when you get in your costume. You begin to feel it more and embody it more… You start to feel pretty at home pretty swiftly." Meanwhile, Holland's future as Spider-Man has been left completely up in the air, at the moment. No Way Home finished off his version of Peter Parker's story by making everyone forget who he was. Since then, the British star has confirmed his contract to play Spider-Man has come to an end. When quizzed about the possibility of a fourth Spider-Man movie, he said: "The truth is, and you’re not going to like the truth, I don’t know the answer to that question. This film for me was as special as an experience could ever be, sharing the screen with these guys. Playing Spider-Man could be quite an alienating experience because, you know, we’re the only three blokes who have done it. So, to share that with you two, it’s been such a wonderful experience, of which I have such amazing memories." Watch the Spider-Man films on Disney Plus now. SOURCE