Everton boss Frank Lampard insists he has ‘given everything’ as he stands on the brink of being sacked. The relegation-threatened Toffees must avoid defeat against fellow Premier League strugglers West Ham if Lampard is to keep his job. Lampard’s side have not won in their last nine games across all competitions and are without a Premier League victory since October 22. Tensions are rising at Goodison Park, with fans unhappy at the board and the direction of the club. If Everton lose to Lampard’s former club West Ham on Saturday, it is likely that he will be dismissed. But the 44-year-old would leave with his head held high knowing he has ‘given everything’ to the job in his year in charge. “I've absolutely given it everything that I can and it's not one for me to analyse all the circumstances and that,” Lampard said. Asked if he has effectively been working with his hands tied behind his back, Lampard responded: "No, I can't answer that question and I don't want to answer, in a way. JUST IN: Arsenal star Leandro Trossard dug out as Lallana mentions Chelsea flop “I've been given an opportunity to work at a great club and I don't want to sound too philosophical now - because it's not like a podcast or something - but everything is a good challenge and an opportunity. "I've had one of the most amazing nights of my footballing career against Crystal Palace [when Everton came from behind to win and stay up], learnt a lot about myself, about coaching, about living in this area of England, which I'd never lived or worked in before, so I don't want to get hung up on those sort of things. "I've got my own opinions on those things, but I think it would be really a lot for me to sit here and make statements like that, because when I came into it, I also had an understanding of what the job was, the size of the club, the positive things and some things that were maybe going to be taxing. I can't control things on that front so I just work.” Everton fans held a sit-in protest after the club’s defeat by Southampton last weekend. The Everton board were urged to stay away from Goodison Park due to a security threat. DON'T MISS...True story of Dele Alli's Besiktas spell as three insiders explain allWest Ham board 'agree on David Moyes sack' ahead of Everton clashRicharlison the wind-up merchant - Trolling Liverpool, throwing flares Further protests are planned, and Lampard insists he understands the anger from supporters. He continued: “I want to get results for this club. I understand the situation. I understand the feeling of the stadium and I understand everything that's going on around the stadium. “It’s just made me more determined to get the right result. I don’t want to apportion blame anywhere else. I want to take responsibility. But I can’t say how great we were together last year, how strong we were together, without being honest about where we are now. “The things outside of the pitch are hard for me to talk about and act like I can solve all of the problems or all of the disputes. All I can do is prepare the team to get a result. That's the one thing that joins everybody.”