Australian Open star Jessica Pegula’s net worth is higher than Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic combined. The 28-year-old is one of the favourites to lift the title in Melbourne but her earnings from the competition are likely to be largely insignificant when compared to her personal finances. She is the daughter of American billionaire Terrence Pegula and stands to inherit a sizeable part of his gas, property and sports empire. Pegula travels to Australia on the back of the most successful season of her career, winning her first WTA 1000 title and making record progress at each of the four Grand Slam tournaments. She has risen to world No 3 and is widely considered to be one of the favourites Down Under this year. Pegula has earned over £5.6million ($6.9m) during the course of her career, but this is nothing in comparison to the vast business empire controlled by her father. The 71-year-old has an estimated worth of £5.5bn ($6.7bn) and the tennis star stands to inherit a considerable amount of this. He originally made his fortune through the oil and gas industry before investing in property and the American sports market. Terrence currently owns ice hockey team Buffalo Sabres and American Football outfit Buffalo Bills while his personal worth has increased by over £700m in the last 12 months alone. JUST IN: Dan Evans accuses Gerard Pique of paying tennis players too much To put the Pegulas’ wealth into context, the family fortune currently dwarves that of Federer, Nadal and Djokovic combined. The trio are the most successful male tennis players of all time and have made a huge amount of money from the sport. Federer is the most valuable of the three and is believed to have a net worth of around £450m ($550m). The 41-year-old made £107m ($130.5m) directly from his on-court exploits before topping up his fortune through huge sponsorship deals with the likes of Nike, Uniqlo and Gillette. He has also invested in companies such as Swiss shoe brand On and NotCo, a plant-based food producer which have grown his finances further. DON'T MISSRafael Nadal left red-faced after disastrous attempt at forehand gameBerrettini and Tomljanovic lift lid on dating as tennis playersDraper told key to making top 20 as Brit star prepares for Nadal clash In contrast, Djokovic and Nadal are both believed to have a net worth of around £180m ($220m) despite both men earning more than Federer through competition. The Serb currently holds the record for career earnings, taking £134m ($164) while Nadal is slightly further behind with £110m ($134.5m). Pegula will join Djokovic and Nadal as they each seek to get their hands on the Australian Open when the tournament gets underway in Melbourne on Monday.