King Charles and Prince William "haven't spoken to Prince Harry" since the release of his memoir Spare last week, according to a source, OK magazine has reported. There have been claimes that there had been a willingness from the King and other royals to have clear the air talks prior to the coronation on May 6.  However, according to OK, the source dismissed this saying that there had been no contact between the monarch and the Duke of Sussex. They said: "There has been no conversations or contact." It is also unclear if His Majesty will invite the Sussexes to his coronation given the bombshell revelations not just in Spare but last months Harry and Meghan Netflix series. In Spare the Duke took aim at the King along with his brother William the Prince of Wales along with their wives Queen Consort Camilla and Kate Middleton, Princess of Wales.  The Duke discussed his tense relationship with his brother in his memoir even claiming that the Prince of Wales attacked him during a row at Nottingham Cottage in 2019 injuring his necklace and breaking a dog bowl. He also referred to the Prince of Wales who he was once thought to be close to as his "arch nemesis." The Duke also referred to the time that his brother met his now wife Meghan Markle claiming that William "recoiled" when Meghan tried to hug him. In the book the Duke also claimed that the then Prince of Wales referred to him as the Spare moments after he was born in 1984.  READ MORE: Harry mocked again by Jimmy Kimmel with 'Prince and Penis' book Speaking to his mother, Princess Diana the future monarch allegedly told his wife of his delight at the birth of his second son. He said: "Wonderful! Now you’ve given me an heir and a spare. "My work is done." In a US interview the Duke described his mother in law as a "villain" claiming that she fed stories to the press.  DON'T MISS: Prince William makes surprise visit to charity without Kate [REVEAL] William publicly responds to Harry claims for first time [INSIGHT] Prince Harry 'speechless' after asking Queen to marry Meghan [SPOTLIGHT] The Duke went as far as to claim that the Queen Consort sacrificed me on her personal PR altar" as she needed to "rehabilitate her image" after marrying the then Prince of Wales in 2005. Speaking to The Times a royal source said that reconciliation between Buckingham Palace and the Sussexes was possible and that the King was capable of arranging successful peace talks. They said: "It’s going to take flexibility on all sides, but it can be done. "It's fixable. It needs Harry over here, in the room with the King and Prince of Wales and a couple of other family members. "Both sides need to hold their hands up and admit we didn’t get everything right, and we got a lot wrong, and we have to say to him: 'We understand the pain you’ve been through.' "The King can do it." 