The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been on an intense PR blitz in recent months to promote their various media endeavours, but Harry's latest bombshell revelations have caused some to question where the couple can go from here. Prince Harry has "exposed so much of his life" already leaving little more for him to divulge, a Hollywood industry insider claimed, sparking predictions the couple's Netflix deal will be axed. The Duke took part in four big interviews to promote his new book, three of which aired on American TV - The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, 60 Minutes with Anderson Cooper and Good Morning America with Michael Strahan. He also spoke with long-time acquaintance Tom Brady on ITV. During the interviews, he discussed some shocking revelations in his book including a physical fight with older brother, Prince William, and his days of heavy drinking and taking Class-A drugs. But amid the sensational revelations, some people are left questioning where the couple can go from here as one Hollywood insider claims they have lost their "mystique" "How do Harry and Meghan make money now?”, the Hollywood source asked. The source revealed that the couple had signed a three-year deal with Spotify, but it’s not yet known whether Meghan's podcast, Archetypes, will be back for a second season. After breaking with the Royal Family, Harry and Meghan founded Archewell Productions, an offshoot of their nonprofit organization, with the stated goal of creating "programming that informs, elevates and inspires." The company signed a multiyear production deal with Netflix estimated to be worth between $100 million and $150 million, according to reports. The source asked Page Six: “With the economics of the entertainment industry being so troubled at the moment, will Netflix also want to extend or renew their deal?”. READ MORE: Prince Harry mocks royal tradition in skit with Tom Hanks With the Duke of Sussex exposing so much of his life already in interviews and his new book, anything else after that will seem less interesting, the source said. They added: “Do you see Beyonce sitting posting photos of herself on the toilet, no. As soon as you start talking, start posting, you lose some mystique".  They also claimed that, although the Sussexes had been in talks for various branding deals, nothing has been signed. When the couple first stepped back from their royal duties and moved to the US in 2020, they swiftly signed several big-money deals in the hopes of telling their "side of the story".  After being cut off from the Crown's estimated $34 billion estate, the couple embarked on their own financial independence quest, seemingly cashing in on their unique position. First, they took part in the infamous Oprah Winfrey interview and have made several TV appearances since.  Page Six reported that the couple had been in talks with Oprah Winfrey and Netflix as far back as 2018 - over a year before it came out that they wanted to relinquish their senior royal duties. 