The energy regulator confirmed in a tweet that it will review the checks and balances energy firms have around any decision to put a customer on a pre-payment meter to help them manage energy bills. The tweet from Ofgem said: “If we find that they have not taken due care in this process, we will take further legal action against them." Citizens Advice said 600,000 people were forced onto a prepayment meter last year because they couldn't afford their energy bills. Although this option could help people to budget, pre-pay customers often end up paying more than those on direct debit. Pre-payment meters also come with the risk of leaving people without gas or electricity if they don't have the money to top up. Jonathan Brearley, chief executive said: "This is the hardest winter for decades, not just because of the cost of living but also from pressures on the NHS, public services and transport."  READ MORE: Millions of Britons on a low income could be entitled to £600 a month   The Ofgem boss said he is concerned about the sharp growth in households being switched over to pre-payment meters, sometimes without even knowing about it. He added: "I have spoken to many customers including those who use pre-payment meters. Many families choose this as an option principally to have more control over their budgets. "And used responsibly, they strike the right balance between protecting customers from being cut off and enabling suppliers to recoup debt. "However, I have heard directly from people who have faced poor practice from suppliers. For example, one customer I spoke to in Glasgow left to go on holiday and returned to find he’d been switched to pre-pay without his knowledge and had no way to top up." DON'T MISS:Pensioners in their 80s share their fantastic money saving tip [INSIGHT]UK residents aged 45 to 70 urged to check state pension now [ALERT]20 of the best part-time jobs for retirees where you can earn £80k [INSIGHT]  To tackle the problem, Ofgem has been sending out legal orders to energy firms but says the number of forced installation of pre-payment meters is extremely high. The regulator also confirmed it is calling for a serious assessment of a social tariff. Mr Brearley said: "It is simply not acceptable that vulnerable customers are left in the dark and cold in Winter. "This is a tariff that is set at a different rate for vulnerable customers and protects against the impact of extremely high prices. "If it can be made to work, this could tackle the root cause of this issue and the distress that many customers are in this Winter." Meanwhile, Brtons may be able to get money off energy bills if they turn off power tonight between 5 and 6pm for the National Grid scheme. National Grid is hosting a live event of its Demand Flexibility Service (DFS) tonight, January 23, 2023 encouraging people to use as little energy as possible during this period. If a person's energy supplier offers the service and they have a smart meter, they should be able to take part and save money on energy bills, provided they're already signed up. The National Grid's ESO website states: "If you have signed up to take part in the DFS scheme your electricity provider will contact you before a demonstration test or live event and ask if you want to participate in the following day’s event."   The energy providers taking part on a domestic basis are: 