YouTuber-turned-boxer KSI is back in the boxing ring on Saturday, as he takes on fellow content creator Faze Temper at Wembley Arena in London. KSI was originally set to take MMA star Dillon Danis in the capital, however Danis pulled out of the bout last week. The Bellator man has since been replaced by Faze Temper, who was always set to fight on the night after featuring on the undercard. Fight night has not got a whole lot bigger for the Brazilian, with him now the main event alongside the English YouTuber.  KSI’s return to the ring is a long-awaited one, having last featured in the ring last summer. That night the YouTuber-turned-boxer-turned-singer made quite the name for himself, securing not one, but two wins against Swarmz and Luis Alcarez Pineda. After plenty of back and forth between KSI and Danis, the Englishman did not hold back in his criticism of his proposed opponent following his withdrawal. On the contrary though he did have kind words for the FaZe Clan member, labelling him a ‘real fighter’. He said: “Dillon didn't want the smoke. Found someone who does. My focus won't be distracted from the task at hand and that's FaZe Temper. We've come head-to-head plenty of times with the Sidemen and FaZe Clan competing against each other. It looks like we have another challenge on our hands. Credit to Temper for stepping up like a real fighter." With the bout right around the corner, here is everything you need to know ahead of fight night. The six-round fight can be watched live on DAZN, with the pay-per-view price for UK fans coming in at £11.99. New customers will initially have to pay £7.99 to sign up with DAZN, before then purchasing the fight. The bout will be livestreamed from the DAZN app, which can be downloaded and watched on compatible mobile devices and tablets.  KSI vs Faze Temper undercard As well as the clash between the two YouTube stars, there is a whole host of other fights taking place on the night. Take a look at the full undercard below. Slim Albaher vs Tom Zanetti (4 rounds, light-heavyweight)Salt Papi vs Josh Brueckner (4 rounds, catchweight)Ryan Taylor vs Swarmz (4 rounds, heavyweight)Faith Ordway vs Elle Brooke (4 rounds, featherweight)Anthony Taylor vs Idris Virgo (4 rounds, light-heavyweight)