Manchester United are, right now, on the lookout for a new striker. Erik ten Hag is keen to land a new centre-forward following the controversial departure of Cristiano Ronaldo, who was cut loose back in November. And what bodes well for the Red Devils is that, according to reports, three players are keen on moving to Old Trafford. Manchester United have been using Anthony Martial as a No 9 for the most part this term, when the France international is fully fit and firing. But with the 27-year-old still infuriatingly inconsistent, it’s no surprise Ten Hag is looking for someone to challenge his main man for a starting berth. While Marcus Rashford can play down the middle, it’s clear the England international is better out wide - as his record of five goals from his last five games shows. Christian Eriksen played centrally as United lost 4-0 to Brentford earlier in the campaign but, given that poor result, a repeat isn’t likely to take place any time soon. So United are looking for a new marksman and three players reportedly want to move to Old Trafford at the current moment in time. The first is Wout Weghorst, who is currently on loan at Besiktas following his move from Burnley back in the summer. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big According to talkSPORT, the Netherlands international is eager to move to Old Trafford - which is no surprise given the size of the Red Devils. Weghorst would offer a new dimension to United’s attack, with his prowess in the air particularly appealing. He did struggle during his first spell in the Premier League, notching just twice during a disappointing spell at Burnley But with eight goals from 16 Turkish Super Lig appearances, he’s rediscovered his mojo since leaving Turf Moor behind. A second player who is apparently keen to join United in the January transfer window is Memphis Depay. The Netherlands international previously moved to Old Trafford back in 2015, when the giants were managed by Louis van Gaal. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Depay was touted as the next best thing and even compared to Ronaldo upon being given the veteran’s No 7 jersey. He started well enough, scoring against the likes of Club Brugge and Watford as he looked to make his mark. Yet Depay then struggled, failing to win round either Van Gaal or Jose Mourinho before leaving for Lyon in January 2017. In the years since, however, the 28-year-old has evolved. And, according to Sport, Depay would like to rejoin United should the opportunity to leave Barcelona for the Premier League arise this month. The third United target who would be open to moving to England this month is Marcus Thuram, of Borussia Monchengladbach. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The striker has impressed this term, scoring 10 goals from 15 Bundesliga outings while weighing in with three assists. And La Republicca say the 25-year-old is admired by Ten Hag and has a ‘desire’ to chance his arm in England, despite Inter Milan and Bayern Munich also being keen. United are approaching six years without a trophy, having last won the Europa League back in 2017. But they remain an attractive proposition and it’ll be intriguing to see whether they’re able to bolster their squad by the end of the month. United supremo John Murtough, meanwhile, has insisted it’ll be a ‘quiet’ transfer window for the club. "While we will be exploring options, I don’t expect it to be a busy January window,” he said. "January is a difficult time to find players that teams are willing to let go. "It’s no secret that we’re looking for a new centre-forward. "We’ll see what’s possible in January but we only want to bring in players who are good enough, and who will make the squad stronger. “We’re not going to sign players for the sake of making signings. "You also need to remember that we invested over £200million in the squad last summer and, as a club, we need to remain financially disciplined and compliant with FFP rules. "As always, the main focus remains on the summer window, and we’re already well underway with our planning for next summer."