Lionel Messi has been urged to turn down a new contract with Paris Saint-Germain and move to Manchester City in the summer to link up with Erling Haaland and Pep Guardiola. The World Cup winner has cemented his place above Cristiano Ronaldo in many fans’ eyes having lifted the trophy in Qatar with Argentina last month, but success in England could further establish the 35-year-old as the greatest footballer of all time. During Ronaldo’s first stint at Manchester United, he won three league titles, one FA Cup and one Champions League. Messi could attempt to achieve similar success and has been told that a move to Manchester City, where he would be reunited with former Barcelona boss Guardiola, is a prospect that the Argentine would struggle to turn down, according to former Manchester City manager Sven-Goran Eriksson. "Pep Guardiola knows Lionel Messi very well, so I can't imagine he would say no to that transfer,” Eriksson told OLBG. “It would be great for him to play in the Premier League, especially with Erling Haaland in front of him, but I can't see it happening. "I wished Argentina to win the World Cup only because of Lionel Messi; he deserved it. I don't know what will happen to Messi, but if he continues to play like the way he did in the World Cup, he is still one of the best." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Messi is out of contract with the French giant at the end of the season, but he has agreed a deal in principle with the Paris side to extend his stay for another year, with the option of a further year. Though the seven-time Ballon d’Or winner has not put pen to paper on a new deal yet, there is still a chance that he may decide to leave the club. PSG’s wage bill exploded in 2022 as they racked up football’s highest-ever spending on salaries, following the additions of Messi, Sergio Ramos and Achraf Hakimi. Kylian Mbappe was also rewarded with a mouthwatering new contract to keep him from joining Real Madrid, and Financial Fair Play concerns may force the Ligue 1 side to cut costs. READ MOREArsenal target Mykhaylo Mudryk's agent sets record straight on '£70m Chelsea bid'Shakhtar chief spotted yards from Todd Boehly as Chelsea and Arsenal battle intensifiesMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMW Messi reportedly earned £25.6million last season, and only a few teams in the world could afford to sign the legendary forward if he did opt to leave PSG, one of which would be Manchester City. After Messi left Barcelona in 2021, he was linked with a move to the Etihad but at the time Guardiola dismissed reports that he would be reunited with the Argentinian. “We spent £40 million on Jack Grealish - we paid £100m and £60m of that was raised from transfers,” said Guardiola previously. “He will wear the number 10. We were convinced by Grealish and convinced Leo would stay at Barca. Right now he is not in our thoughts.”