Literature promoting the healthful effects of herbal supplements is extensive. Many of these studies indicate that the anti-diabetic effects of herbs are comparable to those of medications, in some cases. Sage, which packs a wide range of vitamins and minerals, may be among the most useful plant remedies in the prevention of diabetes. With this information in mind, researchers have sought to assess the effects of sage extracts on both cholesterol and blood sugar. One study did this by focussing on 40 patients with diabetes and high cholesterol who were administered sage tea extract for three months. The results, published in Complementary Therapies in Medicine, collated through the three-month period, revealed that participants had lower fasting glucose and lower average glucose levels. READ MORE: Three of the 'most important factors' to consider for high blood sugar According to these studies, the compounds in sage tea appear to exert anti-inflammatory actions throughout the body too. One particularly potent ingredient in sage is rosmarinic acid, which has been shown to provide numerous benefits in animal studies. This compound is believed to be responsible for combatting both inflammation and blood sugar. It is also believed that the extract improves insulin sensitivity, with an effect comparable to that of rosiglitazone. READ MORE: Erectile dysfunction could signal high cholesterol, doctor warns Camphor, which gives sage its unique aroma, has been shown to stimulate nerve endings when applied as an oil. Many of the plant's anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties are owed to canonic and phenolic acids too. These acids directly activate molecules that help regulate blood sugar, lipids, and inflammation, among other things. Studies on rodents, for instance, have shown that sage may increase the circulation of anti-inflammatory compounds in the blood. Inflammation, which happens in all humans to some extent, is important to control as it acts as a gateway to disease. While all these health benefits can be reaped from eating sage raw, other uses exist that may be more conducive. Studies suggest that drinking one cup of sage twice daily, for example, could significantly increase antioxidant defences. Caution is warranted, however, as drinking extremely large amounts of sage tea could trigger heart problems, kidney damage and vomiting.