The UK is currently experiencing cold conditions, with temperatures expected to drop further. With this comes a whole host of health risks. Hypothermia is one such risk that can even affect people while inside. Hypothermia is a medical emergency that occurs when your body temperature drops below 35C (normal body temperature is 37C). While you are more at risk of this when outside in cold weather, some are still vulnerable when in their homes - if they are not adequately warm. Gary Ellis, director at health and safety specialists CE Safety, spoke with Express.co.uk to explain more. He said: “It’s not well known that hypothermia can occur in the home, most people associate it with being outside or only in extreme temperatures.  READ MORE: Cardiologist shares the 'best' diet for 'preventing' heart disease - 'boost your health' “In fact, hypothermia can occur if the body temperature drops below 35C in just 10 minutes wherever you are if the temperature is cold enough. “It’s vital to know the severity of hypothermia, how to spot it and what to do if someone is showing symptoms.” Adults with hypothermia could experience slurred speech, according to Mr Ellis. Other signs among adults include:   However, symptoms differ among children and babies. These can include: If you suspect someone has hypothermia you should take them to A&E or call 999 as soon as possible. While waiting for medical help the NHS advises you: READ MORE: Eat Marmite to lower blood pressure, professor says - 'more important than reducing salt'  But it warns: “These will not help and could make things worse,” it says. CE Safety adds: “Keep your children warm by dressing them in layers. “Layering is key to trapping the heat in and wicking away any moisture as sweat can make you lose heat very quickly.  “For babies, wrap them in a swaddling blanket, or if they don’t like these choose a baby-safe sleeping bag or a footed cotton sleepsuit. “A lot of heat is lost through the head and hands, so ensure these are covered with a baby cap or mittens. “Make sure your babies and children are also wearing socks to avoid heat loss through the feet.” The NHS says you can get hypothermia if you: 