A British couple who were killed in a helicopter crash in Australia were visiting family. Ron and Diane Hughes, 65 and 57, died after two helicopters collided on the Gold Coast on Monday, January 2, at around 2pm.   The incident occurred when one helicopter was landing and another was taking off near Sea World Drive in Main Beach. One of the helicopters successfully landed on a sandbank as dozens of people rushed to help the casualties. The pilot, named locally as 40-year-old Ash Jenkinson, was reported to have died at the scene alongside three passengers: Mr and Mrs Hughes, from Wirral, Merseyside, and 36-year-old Vanessa Tadros from New South Wales. Ms Tadros' 10-year-old son Nicholas was taken to the hospital in a critical condition, as were Winnie De Silva, 33, and her nine-year-old son Leon, it is reported. According to close friends and customers of Mr Hughes he was speaking of his excitement ahead of visiting one of his daughters in Australia during the festive season, reports The Liverpool Echo.   Now, a number of floral tributes have been left outside the Concept Interiors shop in Neston, which Mr Hughes founded in 1992. There is a sign in a plastic poly wallet over the shutters reading, "due to unforeseen circumstances, the shop is closed until further notice". Alison, 55, who has been a customer at Mr Hughes' business, Concept Interiors, for around 11 years, and lives in Neston, described him as "happy go lucky" and having "all his life left".  She said: "He was a friend to everyone in Neston, a successful business owner and just a happy go lucky guy. "He had a shop in the village and I think it was his daughter that worked with him. "He was a very respected person, somebody you could always rely on and he would help you with anything you needed. "There was this one time I had these blinds fitted in my daughter's room and they just looked awful and didn't fit right. "I called Ron and he was 'bring them up' and he fixed them and said 'don't worry about it'. He was just a genuinely kind and nice man who loved his golf. "He was visiting his daughter [in Australia], and I presume see all of the sights as well. He was telling close friends and customers how much he was looking forward to it. "I was speaking to him in November and he said he was looking forward to Christmas, when I walked past the shop earlier and saw the shutters down I thought nothing of it. "It wasn't until I dropped off my daughter that another parent told me about Ron. "He's a huge loss to our tight knit community" Hundreds of people have paid tribute to the couple on social media. Val Owen said: "Heartbroken for the family. Ronnie and Di were so happy and fun.. loving life and making the very best of it. So incredibly sad. RIP together xxxx" Lynne Ellis said: "Can’t believe this.. Ron was such a lovely man! Thoughts are with all the families. R.I.P Ron you will be missed." Moira Mahon said: "Heavens warm light upon them both, may they both rest in perfect peace. Deepest condolences to all families involved in this tragedy heartbreaking!"