In the latest episode of 24 Hours in A&E people watched as 18-year-old Kye was rushed to hospital after suffering a cardiac arrest while playing football. During the show, viewers were left highly emotional after seeing the teen unresponsive as his mother sobbed for her son. At the beginning of the episode, Kye’s football coach recalled the incident where the teen had collapsed before being taken to Queen’s Medical Centre in Nottingham. After giving him CPR, the coach confessed he didn’t believe he’d see Kye again as viewers learnt the 18-year-old’s heart had stopped. While the team at the hospital worked on resuscitating Kye, his mum Lorenda was inconsolable in tears outside of the centre as she sobbed at the thought of her son dying. With emotions running high on the show, viewers quickly took to Twitter to comment on the hard-hitting episode.  READ MORE:Ken Bruce quits BBC Radio 2 after 31 years Raven_M0rrigan said: “Upsetting watching Kye and his family. As a mother too to a daughter who plays football and being a footy coach. I really hope he pulls through and recovers.” Cathdeans commented: “Already in tears at Kye’s story. Very hard to watch.” LaraBadger1 added: “Wow Kye’s story is hard to watch. I had multiple cardiac arrests in one day at 24. I hope his story ends as happy as mine.” NUHCharity tweeted: “What a heart-wrenching call for Kye's mum, Lorenda, to take - something no parent ever wants to have to deal with.”  Poppyblew said: “#24hrsae is pretty traumatic tonight.” With Twitter user clairdan3 adding: “OMG..... This #24hrsae Heroes the lot of them!! Come on Kye [sic] Speaking to Kye’s mum later on in the episode, the leader of the resus team, Craig, informed her that he had no pulse for half an hour which starved him of oxygen. Being put into an induced coma, he was later transported to the trauma ward where he would receive around-the-clock treatment.  DON'T MISS... BBC Radio 2 listeners threaten to boycott as Ken Bruce quits [REACTION] Maya Jama distracts Love Island viewers as they praise 'unreal' look [LOVE ISLAND] Coronation Street viewers spot blunder in Summer Spellman kidnapping [SOAP] Speaking about her son in a cutaway, she said: “It doesn’t matter how old they are, they can be 20-30 years old. “They’re always going to be your baby.” Viewers learnt that Kye had been playing football since the age of 10 as his mum confessed he would eat, sleep and breathe the sport. After taking a CT scan and multiple tests in the show, it was discovered that Kye’s left chamber of his heart wasn’t pumping strongly.  At the end of the episode, fans learnt that he was kept in critical care for two days before learning the extent of his condition. Out of the hospital, viewers saw a healthy Kye sitting on the sofa with his mum as he recalled the time he awoke from the coma. He said: “When I woke up, I couldn't move, I thought I was going to die. I looked at mum and she said, ’it's going to be ok’. His mum admitted that she believes her son being so young and fit had a huge part to play in his recovery. 24 Hours in A&E continues Tuesday on Channel 4 from 9pm 