Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt were joined by Sam Ryder and Colin Paterson on BBC Breakfast to discuss the latest Brit Awards nominations. Sam expressed his surprise at being nominated however, Charlie remarked he was up against “more serious” performers. Charlie remarked: “There’s some serious names. You know, he’s up right up there with some serious credential artists. No disrespect to Sam.” As Naga and Sam broke out laughing, Charlie tried to recover from the accidental jibe. “Seriously, when you say no disrespect there was no way,” Naga cut in. “Sam, I apologise,” Naga continued as Charlie interrupted: “Sam knows what I mean, let me explain. READ MORE: ITV viewers 'shaking with rage' and 'switch off' Harry interview “As Colin said a moment ago, Eurovision has not been considered serious music credentials. “It’s almost set apart isn’t it? And now, low and behold, Sam comes in and given a totally different thing.” Sam agreed: “It’s treats like a different world so this is so cool, I think, for the future of it. “Like Maneskin for example, they have taken over the world, blazing the trail in the genre of rock music and heavy music. “So it’s so cool for the institution of Eurovision as well as the team behind our project. “Just so grateful to be there and like you say, the names in this category, Kojey Radical, Rina, Wet Leg, it’s very good musicians. “So basically, I don’t stand a chance,” he added as the hosts broke out into laughter. Naga reassured him: “You’re being spoke about Sam so that’s what counts. Colin what were you saying?” DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast host admits he’s been warned ‘three times to calm down’ [VIDEO]BBC Breakfast fans distracted by 'sharp' Johnny Vegas' appearance [WATCH]Here's a look at BBC Breakfast Sally Nugent's partner [INSIGHT] “Sam makes a great point because actually, Maneskin were Brit nominated last year, they were nominated for Best International Act and Best International Song,” Colin replied. “Sam is the first Brit ever to be nominated in this new act category and it’s a real sign of how Eurovision has changed and can now launch careers in a way it’s not done for a long time and is being taken more seriously.” Following news of his nomination, Sam took to Instagram to share his delight at being recognised in the industry. He wrote: “WE GOT A BRIT NOMINATION! If you’ve been here for the journey imma need to see your energy in the comments so I can say THAAAANK YOUUU.  While Sam was thrilled there has been backlash to the Artist of the Year category as no female performers were nominated. Central Cee, Fred Again, George Ezra, Harry Styles and Stormzy are the five hopefuls hoping to bag the award, a year after Adele took home the gong. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am.