Sir Jackie Stewart has thrown his support behind George Russell and Lando Norris for 2023 instead of Lewis Hamilton. The three-time F1 champion revealed he would “love” one of the young British stars to dethrone Hamilton and Max Verstappen and win the title. The ex-Tyrell star still had some praise for Hamilton, describing him alongside Russell and Norris as one of the top three drivers in the sport. Stewart explained: “There’s a wonderful collection of people right now. We’ve got now in Britain three of the best racing drivers in the world. You’ve got Lewis who's been winning time after time after time with the unfortunately German car company “But that German car company gets all their Formula One cars built in [Brackley] because Britain is the capital of technology for motorsport. Our young British racing drivers today, I'd love one to win the world championship this season. That would be fantastic.” Russell starred in 2022 in his debut year at Mercedes, picking up the team’s only win of the year in Brazil. READ MORE: Jackie Stewart warns F1 could have been banned over safety fears The former Williams star also became just the third driver to beat Hamilton over the course of the season after Jenson Button and Nico Rosberg. Mercedes were unable to mount a title challenge last year after their slow start to the season. However, they had closed the gap to Red Bull by the final few races which raised hopes of a championship push in 2023. When asked if he could challenge for the crown, Russell said: “I think when you look at the development we have brought this year, and the rate at which we’ve closed the gap, there’s nothing telling us we can’t achieve this. “We’ve been pretty clear now for about two months which targets we have to hit in terms of development. And I am pretty confident if we do achieve that, we will have a car that we can compete with Red Bull.” DON'T MISS'He's a dead man' Jackie Stewart admits 2022 F1 crash left him scared [COMMENT]Jackie Stewart demands F1 bosses make change after Hamilton comments [ANALYSIS]Inside F1 icon Jackie Stewart's life 50 years after retirement  [INSIGHT] Meanwhile, Norris has already admitted he is at least one season away from being able to challenge at the front of the field. McLaren dropped behind Alpine in the Constructors’ Championship while Norris was only able to secure one podium all season. But, the talented 25-year-old says the team will have no reasons not to deliver from 2024. He commented: "That will be our first year in which we no longer have any excuses. At the moment, we can still make good excuses. “We always look at what we can do better and 2024 will be the first year when we will operate almost at the level of the top teams with our infrastructure.”