Chelsea defender Benoit Badiashile has given an exciting verdict on fellow new signing Mykhaylo Mudryk. Blues fans were given a glimpse of what the Ukraine winger could bring to their side in the draw at Liverpool last weekend. Mudryk became Chelsea's fifth signing of the January transfer window. He joined from Shakhtar Donetsk for £88million after Arsenal missed out on a deal. Badashile had joined 10 days before, arriving from Monaco for around £35m. The Frenchman has impressed on his first couple of appearances for his new club. He has had a close view of Mudryk in training over the last two weeks. He thinks there is plenty of potential to get excited over but now it is down to the 22-year-old to fulfil that. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Badiashile told Capital Football: "He's a terrific player but only the future will tell us if he can turn into a big star. But for sure he has the talent to become just that." Mudryk could be in line for his full debut next Friday when Chelsea host Fulham. Meanwhile, the Blues are yet to concede when Badiashile has been on the pitch. He has helped Potter's side to clean sheets against Crystal Palace and at Anfield. The 21-year-old has spoken of his delight to make the switch from French football to the Premier League. Badiashile added: "I am a new signing and still discovering but you have to give your all to be a success here. I am very happy to be here, the level is elevated. DON'T MISSGordon signed, Maddison Fresneda deals - Newcastle’s dream end to JanuaryArsenal issue firm response to Caicedo social media post amid pursuitKlopp and Guardiola agreed on Saint-Maximin as Newcastle star looks to quit  "The Premier League is the best league in the world. Now we have to at least believe we can [reach top four]. "Can we pull it off? I don't know. But Chelsea are a big club and the targets have to be lofty. At every big club there are moments when the going gets tough, but I am persuaded with the big project the club has in place, we can do huge things." Badiashile was pleased with the performance against Liverpool but was disappointed not to have claimed all three points. He said: "I was very happy as globally it was a good performance. "Despite having spells when we suffered, we remained tight knit which allowed us to come away with a point. But the whole team had hoped to win."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here