Lady Susan Hussey has been spotted smiling alongside King Charles as she attended a church service at Sandringham with the Royal Family on Sunday. The 83-year-old was seen with the King and the Princess Royal at St Mary Magdalene Church on the family's Norfolk estate, where they traditionally spend the winter months. Lady Susan stepped down from her role as Lady of the Household last November when she asked domestic violence campaigner Ngozi Fulani, a black British woman, where she was "really" from. She resigned and apologised after repeatedly quizzing Ms Fulani at a Buckingham Palace event about her heritage. The pair were both invited to the Queen Consort's reception highlighting violence against women and girls. Ms Fulani, founder of charity Sistah Space, expressed her unhappiness at the interaction and later met Lady Susan at Buckingham Palace for a conversation.  An official statement released in December said: "At this meeting, filled with warmth and understanding, Lady Susan offered her sincere apologies for the comments that were made and the distress they caused to Ms Fulani. "Lady Susan has pledged to deepen her awareness of the sensitivities involved and is grateful for the opportunity to learn more about the issues in this area. "Ms Fulani, who has unfairly received the most appalling torrent of abuse on social media and elsewhere, has accepted this apology and appreciates that no malice was intended."  READ MORE: Monaco's royal children compared to George, Charlotte and Louis It added: "The Royal Households will continue their focus on inclusion and diversity, with an enhanced programme of work which will extend knowledge and training programmes, examining what can be learnt from Sistah Space, and ensuring these reach all members of their communities. "Both Ms Fulani and Lady Susan ask now that they be left in peace to rebuild their lives in the wake of an immensely distressing period for them both. "They hope that their example shows a path to resolution can be found with kindness, co-operation and the condemnation of discrimination wherever it takes root."  DON'T MISS:London mother drowned while swimming at popular Mexican beach  [LATEST]Woman calls for firework control after dog dies of heart attack [REPORT]Ron DeSantis teases his 2024 White House run [SPOTLIGHT] Lady Susan, who is godmother to the Prince of Wales, wore dark-coloured coat and hat and in one photo she appeared to be clutching a white rose and grinning outside the church. A spokesperson for Prince William described the incident with Ms Fulani at the time as "really disappointing". They added: "Obviously, I wasn't there, but racism has no place in our society. The comments were unacceptable, and it is right that the individual has stepped aside with immediate effect." 