Nicola Sturgeon has been pushed into a humiliating climbdown as the Scottish government announces an "urgent review" of all their transgender cases in prisons. The movement of all transgender prisoners will be paused until the review is completed, while no transgender prisoners with a history of violence against women will be placed in the women's prison estate, Scottish Justice Secretary Keith Brown said.  A spotlight was thrown on the placement of transgender prisoners after the incarceration of Isla Bryson, a trans woman convicted of raping two women before changing gender, who was remanded in an all-female prison. She has since been moved from Cornton Vale women's prison to a male wing at HMP Edinburgh.  “We have very robust risk assessment processes, and a track record of keeping people safe, in often challenging circumstances. We have therefore paused the movement of all transgender individuals, until the review has been completed.” The spokesperson added that until the end of the review, any convicted trans people with a history of violence towards women will "only be admitted to the male estate, in segregation, when they first enter our care. "This arrangement will be progressed in line with our human rights obligations. Finally, our ongoing policy review will be independently assessed by experts in women affected by trauma and violence." DON'T MISS: Zahawi tax scandal sees Tories fall to 21 points behind Labour [REVEAL]JK Rowling fury over transgender rapist sent to female prison [INSIGHT]Transgender rapist sent to female prison sparks fury [ANALYSIS] The controversy over the jailing of Bryson comes after the UK government blocked the Scottish Parliament's Gender Recognition Reform Bill in the first ever use of a Section 35 order since devolution of power to the Scottish parliament under the Scotland Act of 1998. The justification for using the order was the argument that the new Bill, which was passed with 86 MSPs voting in favour and 39 against, conflicted with the Equality Act - although trans rights supporters have questioned whether this is accurate. The Bill allows those aged 16 and over to self-identify as the opposite gender without needing a diagnosis of gender dysphoria, and would allow people to apply for a gender certificate after living in their new gender for three months.  Having a Gender Recognition Certificate allows trans people to update their birth certificate, get married or form a civil partnership in their affirmed gender, update their marriage or civil partnership certificate, and have their affirmed gender on their death certificate when they die.