The Home Office has asked all police forces in the UK to check officers and staff against their databases following the controversy surrounding the case of David Carrick. Mr Carrick, a former Metropolitan Police Officer, has admitted to dozens of rape and sexual offences over an 18-year period. The case has brought more scrutiny on the Met following Wayne Couzen's kidnap, rape and murder of Sarah Everard in March 2021. The Home Office is now asking all UK police forces to check their officers against their databases to search for anybody "simply not fit to wear the uniform". The Government has also vowed to do "whatever it takes" to stamp out "misogyny and predatory behaviour" from the police. In a statement, the Home Office said: "This will help identify anyone who has slipped through the net before vetting standards were toughened and ensure those who are unfit to serve can be rooted out. "The government will do whatever it takes to root out misogyny and predatory behaviour from the ranks of the police." Home Secretary Suella Braverman has also condemned Carrick for his "sickening crimes", which she says are a "stain on the police". She continued: "We are taking immediate steps to ensure predatory individuals are not only rooted out of the force, but that vetting and standards are strengthened to ensure they cannot join the police in the first place. "Every day, thousands of decent, hard-working police officers perform their duties with the utmost professionalism, and I am sure they all share my disgust at his despicable betrayal of everything they stand for." READ MORE: Emergency at shopping centre as police put up protective screens London Mayor Sadiq Khan has been supported by the Home Secretary as he seeks to have Carrick's pension, worth £22,000 a year, taken off him. A spokesperson for Mr Khan said: “The mayor’s office for policing and crime will pursue pension forfeiture through an application to the home secretary as it is clear that PC Carrick committed offences in connection with his service as a member of a police force.” Immigration minister Robert Jenrick also backed the plan, telling Sky News: "This is one of the most egregious cases of police misconduct in the history of the Met, perhaps in the history of British policing. "This disgusting individual should not benefit from his years serving in the Metropolitan Police." DON'T MISSRapist Met cop Carrick sent stranger pics of him with gun [INSIGHT]Remains of missing woman found five years after she went missing  [NEWS]Should police convicted of serious crimes automatically lose pensions? [POLL] The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime will make its submission to Ms Braverman after Carrick's sentencing in February. The Met formally dismissed Carrick on Tuesday after the disgraced former police officer pleaded guilty to 49 offences, including 24 counts of rape. An apology has also been issued by the force after it was revealed that Carrick came to the attention of officers due to nine previous incidents. The Home Office has also launched a review of the police's disciplinary processes to ensure officers who "fall short of the high standards expected of them" can be sacked. This is expected to be carried out within four months. More than 1,000 Met Police officers who have previously been accused of domestic abuse and sexual offences will have their cases reviewed.