In his bombshell memoir, which hit the shelves today, Prince Harry admitted that he would "roll a joint" as his wife, Meghan Markle and son, Archie slept in the US mansion. Spare has finally been released and explores the life of the Duke from the death of his mother, the late Princess Diana in 1997 to the present day as a father and husband. In the highly-anticipated read, Harry documents, in detail, his and Meghan's exit from royal duties in 2020. The couple arrived in California in March 2020, having just completed their final engagement as members of the Royal Family. While finding a place to call their own, the family of three stayed in the movie director's mansion. In the book, Harry expressed his love for the home, describing it as "Xanadu". Due to his fears over security, Harry recalls that he would walk around the property, checking doors and windows, while Meghan and Archie slept. READ MORE: Harry revealed Taliban kills 'for own healing' as Duke doubles down in new interview In the memoir, Harry wrote: "Then I'd sit on the balcony or the edge of the garden and roll a joint. "The house looked down onto a valley, across a hillside thick with frogs. I'd listen to their late-night song [and] smell the flower-scented air. "The smells, the trees, the big starry sky, it all bought me back to Botswana." The recreational use of cannabis is legal for those over the age of 21 in California. Aside from this use, Harry recounts his former drug use. Elsewhere in the book, he admits to taking cocaine when he was 17, as well as magic mushrooms on another occasion. READ MORE: Prince Harry details moment he buried unborn child in grave he dug with bare hands Last month, the couple released their six-part docu-series, which was part of the Netflix deal they signed in 2020. In the series, Tyler spoke about why he offered the couple his home, with Meghan stating that she reached out to Tyler after he sent her a note. In the docu-series, Tyler spoke of what he had heard about Meghan's father, Thomas Markle. He said: "I found it to be hurtful if he were my father", as the documentary referred to Thomas staging paparazzi pictures in the run-up to Meghan and Harry's 2018 wedding." DON'T MISS He added that he "immediately" empathised with Meghan and had sent her a note before the wedding. In the docu-series, Meghan noted that she had "never met" Tyler before and that the letter, sent by Tyler, stated that he was "praying" for her and that if she needed anything "he would be there". Meghan and Harry are now based in their own home in Montecito, with Archie, who is now three years old, and their one-year-old daughter Lilibet.