Prince Harry and Meghan need to "rebrand themselves" in the wake of the damage done to themselves by their repeated attacks and criticism against the Royal Family, it has been claimed. While the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have "made money" by levelling a series of allegations against the Firm and its members, they have also damaged their image in the US, royal historian Marlene Koenig believes. The US-based commentator told Express.co.uk: "They need to re-examine what the next step in their life will be, it can't be all about them and it can't be all about the Royal Family. "That's how they made money. But that's not a good look." Prince Harry in particular had done a "lot of damage to himself", Ms Koenig added, with the revelations and claims made in his memoir, titled Spare, and interviews that accompanied its release earlier this month. In the US, Ms Koenig added, the Sussexes are no longer seen in an "idealistic" way. Comedians in two leading programmes in the US have joked about Meghan and Harry in recent weeks. As he co-hosted with Steve Martin an episode of Saturday Night Live in December, actor Martin Short said he and the fellow comedian were like the Sussexes, as "no one is rooting for us but you’ll tune in to watch anyway". In the wake of the release of the memoir Spare, in which Harry speaks extensively about his penis suffering frostbite after a gruelling trip to the North Pole, TV host Jimmy Fallon featured a skit in his show in which he showed a made-up book titled "The Prince and the Penis". A poll carried out on January 16 also showed how both the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's popularity plunged in the US within just weeks. The royal historian, who stressed she has been one of the pair's most staunch defenders in recent years, said one way to move on from the image the Sussexes have constructed since their departure from the Firm could be to focus on the charitable deeds and issues they care about. This non-profit work, however, should be carried out far from the public eye and without turning it into a mere photo opportunity, the commentator said. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry telling own story 'comes at a cost' As she explained "actions are better than images", Ms Koenig said: "They are going to have to rebrand themselves, and that takes some time. "They would need to do it quietly without showing it, and they can, Harry knows what it's like to do these types of engagement." Indeed, the Duke of Sussex mentioned in his memoir some of the conservation work he has carried out in Africa over the years far from the cameras. The book also includes how he privately visited and supported injured or ill veterans after his return from one of his tour of duty in Afghanistan. Conservation and supporting service people have been the cornerstones of Harry's work for years. His desire to put the spotlight on the veteran community and support the recovery of injured, ill or sick people who served in the Army was channelled with the creation of the Invictus Games, one of Harry's most successful initiatives first launched in 2014. The Duke has continued to focus on conservation and the veteran community even after stepping down as a working member of the Firm. In April, he attended the Games held at The Hague and in September he headed to Germany to launch the one-year countdown to the next event. Last summer, Harry headed to Mozambique and Rwanda with a delegation of US senators to put the spotlight on how "conservation and community development can be mutually reinforcing", as stated by African Parks, of which Harry is the President. The trip was followed by a joint op-ed written by the Duke, Senator Chris Coons and former Prime Minister of Ethiopia H.E. Hailemariam Desalegn Boshe, in which they urged world leaders to take better care of the planet and its people by learning from and supporting Africa's communities.