Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's Netflix documentary has left US viewers underwhelmed, new polling suggests. Kantar's quarterly survey, which polled 20,000 people in the US and 12,000 in the UK about their viewing habits and satisfaction in December, found Harry and Meghans' doc paled in comparison to royals drama The Crown. Americans ranked The Crown as the third most enjoyed program across streaming platforms. In contrast, the Sussexes documentary was the 95th most enjoyed programme in the US - ranking 92 places behind the royals drama. The findings stand in stark contrast to the UK, where Harry and Meghan's docuseries jumped to fifth place in terms of most-enjoyed titles in December. The two-part series was first aired on December 8 ahead of the Duke’s tell-all memoir Spare. It made a number of explosive claims about royal life, the media's treatment of the Sussexes and Harry's tense relationship with his brother, William. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry praised for 'bringing hope' as their Foundation raised £13m on first year It also served as a prelude to Prince Harry's Spare, which contained more bombshells and insights about royal life. The latest polling adds to a growing perception that US viewers are growing weary of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Recent polling by Newsweek found Meghan to be less popular among Americans than Camilla, Queen Consort. The data was collected six days after the publication of Prince Harry's memoir.  DON'T MISSRon DeSantis to run for President as he builds up team [INSIGHT]Tyre Nichols' mother speaks out after police killing [LATEST]Student, 23, killed after being hit by police car [REPORT] Harry and Meghan fared worse than King Charles III, Prince William and Kate Middleton too, but the comparison with Camilla is particularly surprising for two reasons. First, Americans have tended to view Camilla unfavourably, blaming the Queen Consort for the breakdown of King Charles and Princess Diana's marriage. The Crown breathed new life into this negative perception by focusing on the dynamic, albeit in a fictonialised way. Secondly, Harry was critical of Camilla, his stepmother, in his memoir and the interviews around it. Harry accused her of leaking stories about him to fuel her public rehabilitation as she went from "the other woman" in Charles' first marriage to his wife and the Queen Consort. Harry, 38, wrote in Spare: "I had complex feelings about gaining a step-parent who, I believed, had recently sacrificed me on her personal PR altar."