Tributes have poured in for two children tragically killed in what is believed to be a botched murder-suicide. Cora and Dawson Clancy, five and three, were pronounced dead on arrival at the hospital after their mother, Lindsay, allegedly killed them both. The 32-year-old midwife has also been accused of attempting to kill her eight-month-old baby. She has been charged with two counts of homicide and three counts of strangulation. Now, after the nightmare incident, a vigil has been held for Cora and Dawson at a local church. The Holy Family Church stood vigil for the family and showed appreciation for the first responders who tended to the horror aftermath. The Very Rev. Fr. Robert Deehan, who presided over the event, said “before this tragic event, they were a happy and loving family”. “Sadly, the struggle Lindsay had in trying to deal with mental illness became overwhelming which led to such devastating results”, he added. “For the family of these children,” long-time resident Diane Monaghan told the Boston Herald before heading into the vigil, “I know that they will maybe gain some strength from the support they’ll get, but there’s still a long road ahead for them”. “I put myself in her shoes, and I’m just sad,” said Shaylee Alberghini, who attended Thursday night’s gathering at the Duxbury, Massachusetts church. “It just hits home.” Christine Monaghan, who coached Cora’s youth soccer team, remembered her as “happy, learning and having fun”. “She didn't deserve this”, she told the Patriot Ledger. READ MORE: Horror as mum charged with killing two kids, injuring baby Matthew Glaser, an extended family member of the Clancys, also started a GoFundMe page to raise $250,000 to help the father, Patrick Clancy, pay for medical bills, funeral services and legal help. “This assistance is especially needed because Pat will be unable to work for the foreseeable future as he weathers this painful, life-altering tragedy,” he said on the fundraiser’s page. As of 9.30am GMT on Friday, the fundraiser hit $326,729, with the goal raised to $400,000 after a massive outpouring of support. On Wednesday, police responded to a call at the family's home in Duxbury after Patrick called 911 at around 6pm. District Attorney Tim Cruz said: “First Responders subsequently located three children in the home under the age of five unconscious, with obvious signs of severe trauma." "Preliminarily it appears that the children were strangled", he told reporters on Wednesday afternoon. The medical examiner will issue the official cause of death in the coming days but police say it appears Clancy strangled them. “This is an unimaginable, senseless tragedy, and it is an ongoing investigation,” the district attorney said. Meanwhile, local radio presenter John DePetro reported that friends of the depressed mother said: “Her husband was working from home instead of going in to work to be able to try and support her daily while she went to a program 5 days a week for PPD. “And in the 25 minutes it took him to pick up takeout, the unthinkable happened.” Reports say investigators are looking at the possibility that Lindsay was suffering from postpartum psychosis. The 32-year-old is currently recovering in a Boston hospital after jumping out of a window but remains in police custody. The mother of three was on leave from her job as a labor and delivery nurse at Massachusetts General Hospital. On her Facebook, Lindsay posted about struggling with postpartum anxiety after the birth of Dawson in 2020. She said last July that was feeling “dialed in” and sought to focus on exercise, nutrition and her mindset, which she claimed “made all the difference”. On rare occasions, feelings of depression after giving birth can lead to full postpartum psychosis, causing a mother to suffer from severe depression and hallucinations which can lead her to harm herself, her children, or both.