Royal Mail has announced it is experiencing serious problems delivering services due to a cyber incident. It is understood the mail carrier's international export services are being affected by the resulting problems. The company has announced it is facing “severe service disruption” and warned users to hold export mail till the issue is resolved. In a service update on their website that was issued earlier today, Royal Mail has said: "We are temporarily unable to despatch items to overseas destinations." "We strongly recommend that you temporarily hold any export mail items while we work to resolve the issue." "Items that have already been despatched may be subject to delays." Royal Mail went on to "sincerely apologise" to any customers that faced disruption as a result of the incident.  The statement went on to say: "Our import operations continue to perform a full service, with some minor delays." "Parcelforce Worldwide export services are still operating to all international destinations though customers should expect delays of one to two days." "Our teams are working around the clock to resolve this disruption and we will update you as soon as we have more information." READ MORE: Royal Mail and Amazon share important advice to reduce risk of being scammed Royal Mail has said that they immediately launched an investigation into the incident. The mail carrier went on to inform the public that it would be working in coordination with "external experts" during its enquiries. The service update concludes by stating: "We have reported the incident to our regulators and the relevant security authorities." DON'T MISS:   Royal Mail is part of International Distributions Services Plc, which service approximately 41 countries across Europe. The incident comes after both Royal Mail and Parcelforce Worldwide were affected by industrial action in the busy run-up to Christmas.   Strikes forced the final Royal Mail Christmas delivery dates to be earlier than usual, with Parcelforce Worldwide seeing service disruption on December 23 and Christmas Eve due to industrial action. While no industrial action is currently planned, talks between Royal Mail and the CWU commenced earlier this week and will run until Friday, 20 January.