Warning: The article contains spoilers for Happy Valley series three.In the most recent instalment of Happy Valley, viewers watched Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) evade the police as he went into hiding after fleeing court on his bike. Although he’s supposed to be the bad guy in the series, fans are calling the character the sexiest psychopath ever. At the start of the series, Tommy appeared to have let himself go while in prison as his hair was long and unkept as the criminal sported an unruly beard.However, as he prepared to stand trial for the murder of Gary Gaggowski, viewers saw the villain have a transformation as his locks were given the chop and he appeared in court clean-shaven.Looking more like his old self while standing before the jury, Tommy wasn’t able to show off his new look for long as he scaled the perspex box he was contained in and fled the scene.Picking up a change of clothes left by his friends and a bike, fans watched as he rode off to freedom and went to the moors in the most recent episode. READ MORE:Happy Valley fans claim 'brutal' Ann Gallagher star went 'too far' While waiting to be picked up by Darius (Alec Secareanu), Tommy hopped off his bike and admired the beautiful scenery of the moors.Although with his recent glow-up, viewers were left distracted by his appearance as fans quickly took to social media to swoon over the show’s villain.Twitter user andrewmcb questioned: “Sexiest psychopath ever?”LaraKou75 added: “He has to be the sexiest-looking bad boy I’ve ever seen! @jginorton #HappyValley #SarahLancashire #TommyLeeRoyce” Thechloeshow commented: “Tommy has got absolutely no business having such a sexy jaw, nose and haircut #happyvalley”Millidgism said: “I have to keep reminding myself that Tommy Lee Royce is a bad egg and not in a sexy way cos I just fancy him so much.”Melissan2509 added: “Such a shame Tommy Lee Royce is an absolute criminal and psychopath of the highest order because he is so damn HOT!!”Chrispaget1 tweeted: “I know we’re meant to hate his character and all but I still can’t get over how beautiful James Norton is.” DON'T MISS... Escape to the Chateau's Angel Adoree's son 'sobbing' over end of show [VIDEO] Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show [STRICTLY] Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ Tommy Lee’s deadly end in revenge twist [REACTION]  As the final series is one episode away from finishing, many fans have been theorising which of the main characters could have a deadly end.   Speaking about the series finale to BBC Breakfast, James Norton teased that viewers will be pleased with how Sally Wainwright has ended the show.He said:  “I think it’ll leave people satisfied, yeah. I don’t want to give anything away.“It was an absolute rollercoaster to shoot it. I hope that the viewers will get the same excitement that we got from shooting it.Happy Valley continues Sunday on BBC One from 9pm.