Figures obtained by Churchill Motor Insurance suggest fines were handed out by local authorities at a daily rate of 19,631 in 2022. Another 30,000 parking tickets a day were generated by private outfits - meaning drivers faced an onslaught of a fine every two seconds.  The soaring number of fixed penalties is seen as one reason people are shunning traditional shopping areas. Tickets written for councils were up 12 percent in 2022 from 2021 - giving local authorities an estimated £777,287 per day.A year earlier it was just £35,113. The analysis is based on data from 230 UK councils following Freedom of Information requests. The fines can be issued for a wealth of offences, including parking on double yellow lines or on a single yellow line at the wrong time. Drivers can be hit with £130 penalties in London or up to £70 outside the capital. Those are usually halved if settled within 14 days. Islington Council in north London issued the most fines - with a daily average of 1,012. Birmingham City Council (373), Southampton City Council (313) and Cardiff Council (279) were the next big ticket writers.  Nicholas Mantel, head of Churchill, said: "Motorists are regularly being caught out by increased and sometimes complicated parking restrictions. "We would encourage drivers to always check parking signs carefully to ensure they avoid expensive fines." Motorists also face increasing numbers of parking tickets from private firms. They averaged nearly 30,000 a day between April and June 2022 - up 50 percent on a year earlier. The RAC's Steve Gooding said: "Whichever way they turn and wherever they decide to stop, on-street and off-street, drivers are faced with the threat of parking sanctions. "Between the 20,000 tickets issued by councils daily and the 30,000 dished out by private parking companies, motorists are seemingly facing a positive flurry of fines and charges - around one every two seconds. "Parking rules are there for a reason and should be respected. "But at a time when household budgets are under such pressure these numbers beg the obvious question of whether millions of drivers are really risking a big bill for poor parking, or whether over-enthusiastic parking enforcement is putting other objectives, like revitalising our post-pandemic high streets, at risk." The Daily Express is calling for councils to waive parking fees altogether as part of the Save Our High Streets crusade. 