Switching out home decor pieces can be expensive, especially when budgets might be tighter than usual. Investing in the right pieces will mean they can last for years, while investing in some may result in homeowners switching them out within a year. According to an interior designer, there are five pieces to avoid spending a huge amount of money on. Anne Haimes, Design Director and Founder of Anne Haines Interiors, said: “As a rule, you should always invest in pieces you will use the most. So, if you’re someone who loves to relax in front of the tv, setting aside a larger budget for your new sofa is a must. “However, you should be wary of splurging on a sofa that is too trendy if you want your investment to go the mile. “Velvet, boucle and curved sofas have dominated social media in recent years, but you should think long and hard before making a big purchase on something that could fall out of fashion quickly or doesn’t truly suit your lifestyle. “Instead, I’d recommend putting money behind classic styles and fabrics which are timeless and will suit most décor styles years down the line.” READ MORE: ‘Only’ solution to ‘fully’ remove condensation and damp from your home To get the most out of your sofa, Anne recommended choosing durable fabrics such as leather, canvas or cotton. All of these materials can withstand wear and tear, meaning they should last a lot longer than the trendy sofa styles. Unless you’re big on collecting particular pieces of art, the expert said “there’s no need” to be spending lots of money on artwork. Nowadays, art prints are widely available to buy both online and in retailers for a fraction of the cost. This is also more cost-effective for those who like to switch up their decor regularly. DON'T MISS:‘Simple’ steps to keep your home warmer for ‘longer’ [COMMENT]Method to clean your whole washing machine with no scrubbing [EXPERT]I removed window condensation to prevent damp and mould - here’s how [VIDEO] The interior designer added: “You can also scour your local second-hand shops for hidden art gems and frames for just a few pounds – perfect if you’re a lover of a vintage-style gallery wall.” Statement lighting can pull a room together, whether in the corner of a room or over a table. Anne said pendant lights are the perfect feature to draw attention and can also be a fun way to inject style and personality into your home. However, some pendant lights can sell for over £1,000 so if you don’t have the budget to splurge, it is worth finding a cheaper alternative. The expert explained: “If you have your eye on a particular brand, I’d recommend scouring second-hand sites first where you might be able to score the lighting of your dreams for a fraction of the cost. READ MORE: Easy towel method to keep clothes crease-free without an iron “Otherwise, you can always try DIYing your own pendant shades for free such as pendant shades using recycled materials.” Rugs are an item in the home which can make a huge difference, but can also drain the bank balance if you aren’t watching closely. High quality rugs can set Britons back several hundreds of pounds, if not into the thousands, but there are lots of cheaper alternatives out there. Anne said people should “think hard” before dropping this sort of money on a rug. She continued: “Consider if it will be in a high footfall part of your house or whether you have kids or pets. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “If the answer is yes to any of the above, you’re better off going for a cheaper option where wear and tear won’t hurt your investment. “One caveat to this is you should avoid getting a second-hand rug if you’re attempting to save money. “Dirt and grime can build up in the fibres and can even have an insect infestation. So, unless you’re willing to spend money on a professional deep clean, stick to buying new rugs.” Depending on your style, retailers such as Dunelm and IKEA have a huge array of rugs available, varying in price and colour. A popular design trend over the last few years has been biophilic, which incorporates living with nature and introducing houseplants into the home. While mature plants make a room look put together instantly, they can be extremely expensive to buy. Anne said: “But it doesn’t have to be – there are plenty of plant varieties you can propagate to create your own home-grown jungle for free. If you’re looking to save money on buying cut flowers to display, try switching to dried flowers which can last for years if cared for properly.”