King Charles gave off four "powerful" signals that he will remain determined to ignore his son’s attacks on the rest of his family, a body language expert has said. The signs were spotted as Charles embarked on his first public engagement since Prince Harry's damning memoir Spare was released. In his book Spare, Harry particularly attacked Camilla, Prince William and Princess Kate. He also took aim at the King himself – claiming Charles wasn’t fit for single parenthood and that he made nasty jokes about his "real father". The Duke of Sussex also shared details about private and often intimate conversations he had with other Windsor’s such as how The King admitted his son’s struggles were down to him. The family is said to be furious about all the revelations but have continued to adhere to the mantra "never complain, never explain". Body language expert Judi James said Charles' actions during his first engagement of the year showed it was "business as usual" for the royals. READ MORE: William publicly responds to Harry claims for first time   Charles was spotted attending Mid-Deeside Community Shed, near Aboyne in Aberdeenshire to meet with staff from local community groups. He was met with applause as he unveiled a plaque created by a member of the Men’s Shed. Ms James told The Mirror: "If Charles’s secret nickname for Meghan was said to be ‘tungsten’ for being tough and unbending then his could well be ‘Teflon’ for his ability to signal it’s ‘business as usual’ despite being pelted with revelations from his younger son’s book. She said there were "four powerful body language signals" that show he is staying stoic and ignoring the "book-barbs". The first sign was King Charles’ beaming smile throughout the engagement.   "His whole face is reddened and wrinkled by the smile and it bares his teeth while forming an angular shape of the lower lip as well as narrowing his eyes into an eye smile. There is little of the kind of overkill tension here that would create a rictus effect, meaning he looks genuinely jolly. Another sign was Charles showing he is in a playful mood by interacting and having a laugh with the public. She added: "Charles also announces he is in a playful mood here. "His pointing gestures as he speaks to the crowd announce his intention to be humorous and his laugh is more of a chortle that comes with enough eye contact to show he wants to share his joke with the people he meets."  Ms James also explained that Charles appears particularly powerful wearing his kilt, which lets him "assume a confident, almost jaunty gesture as he hangs one thumb into the pocket of his waistcoat. At one point in his trip, the King was spotted putting his other hand on his thigh while laughing. She added this implies he is "having the best time ever". The last sign, Ms James explains, is the King’s "desire to linger" around with the public.    When Charles sees a camera aimed at him, the confident royal doesn’t feel the pressure and "scuttle inside". Instead, he continues to chat with fans. The other senior royals aren’t hiding away following Spare’s publication either. Prince William and Princess Kate received a warm welcome at the Royal Liverpool Hospital yesterday with people telling them to "keep going". William particularly received a lot of stick from Harry who claimed the Prince of Wales physically assaulted him. Kate was also criticised for various tiffs with Meghan, including one over the bridesmaid dresses at Harry and Meghan’s wedding in May 2018.   