WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Ginny and Georgia.Ginny and Georgia's first series ended on a major cliffhanger which saw the family of three go their separate ways after the truth was discovered regarding Georgia Miller's (played by Brianne Howey) first marriage. Now, the comedy-drama is returning for its second outing on Netflix so subscribers can find out what happens next. Here's all there is to know about the cast of Ginny and Georgia season two. Ginny Miller has always questioned her mum's past but at the end of season one, everything starts to make sense after finding out Georgia killed her husband Kenny Drexel (Darryl Scheelar). This leads to Ginny running away with her younger brother Austin Miller (Diesel La Torraca) in order to protect them both. Prior to co-starring in Ginny and Georgia, actress Antonia Gentry only had a couple of credits under her belt. These were the film Candy Jar and an episode of Raising Dion, according to her IMDB page. READ MORE: Camilla Tominey shuts down This Morning host in probe over Harry Georgia is thrilled with her new life in the small picturesque town with her children and her fiancé Mayor Paul Randolph (Scott Porter) who has been newly re-elected. However, when she sees Ginny and Austin have left, Georgia is heartbroken. Actress Brianne Howey was a series regular on Fox's supernatural horror The Exorcist and thriller The Passage. She also had a recurring role in season one of The CW's Batwoman as Reagan Pye. One new face who is being welcomed for season two is Gil Timmins who is Georgia's ex-boyfriend and Austin's biological dad. Deadline reported: “When Georgia met Gil she was drawn in by his intoxicating charm and good looks. "Gil had been out of Georgia’s life after he was charged with embezzlement and sent to jail.” Actor Aaron Ashmore was Jimmy Olsen in Smallville, Steve Jinks in Warehouse 13 and Johnny Jaqobis in the Canadian series Killjoys. DON'T MISS...Chicago PD boss rules out highly anticipated return for key star [EXPLAINER]'There will be blood': Prince Harry told there is no way back [ROYAL]Ginny and Georgia season 2 release time [RELEASE TIME] Australian actor Felix Mallard, who is behind Ginny's boyfriend Marcus, portrayed Ben Kirk in Neighbours for five years. He then moved to America and starred in the show Happy Together until its cancellation in 2019. Mallard has also been in shows like Locke and Key, Zoey's Extraordinary Playlist and All the Bright Places. Georgia is engaged to Mayor Paul Randolph in the hit Netflix comedy-drama. He is played by Scott Porter who has had roles in Friday Night Lights, Hart of Dixie and Lucifer. Zion is Ginny's biological father and the person she turns to when the teen is in need of guidance. Actor Nathan Mitchell is best known for playing Earving/Black Noir in the Amazon Prime series The Boys. Other cast members include: Hunter Chen - Mason Temple Joe - Raymond Ablack Sophie - Humberly González Young Georgia - Nikki Roumel Ginny and Georgia season 2 premieres on Thursday, January 5, on Netflix.