A 20-year-old man had to have both his legs amputated just two days before his 21st birthday after he was struck down with flu and pneumonia which developed into deadly sepsis. Levi Dewey, now 21, is recovering well in hospital after undergoing life-changing surgery after he became one of the "sickest patients in the country".  Levi was struck down with flu that turned into severe sepsis and resulted in multiple organ failures. On December 7, he was rushed to hospital where doctors discovered he was fighting influenza B and pneumococcal pneumonia after suffering with serious flu-like symptoms and difficulty breathing. He was transferred from Royal Derby hospital to Glenfield hospital in Leicester for specialist treatment. The JCB welder previously led an active lifestyle and loved to play football before he fell sick. And now on his way to a remarkable recovery, his family is fundraising for money to help pay for him to walk again - and have already raised over £78,000.  A statement from Levi's family said doctors informed them the young man was "the sickest patient in the country" at the time of his transfer. But with the help of ECMO (Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation) and full organ support, he slowly began to recover. He spent 20 days on ECMO and was in an induced coma for 14 days. But after 31 days, he was able to be taken off ventilation and returned to the Royal Derby hospital for further treatment on January 9. Despite responding well to treatment, Levi and his family were told the devastating news he would need below-knee amputation on both of his legs due to the severity of his sepsis on January 9. The infection had grown so bad, Levi's legs were completely blackened by sepsis.  He underwent surgery on Tuesday, just two days before his 21st birthday. His mum, Lara Dewey, 47, told Stoke on Trent Live: “We were told fairly early on that Levi could potentially lose his legs and need an operation, we were prepared for this outcome if it was to save his life. “Obviously it’s going to be life-changing for everyone, but this is something we can work through as a family and we have such a strong and positive support network. Levi has always had a positive mindset and his glass is always half full.” The child practitioner added: “Initially we were looking to raise £10,000 but as you can see this has been exceeded and the response has been extremely overwhelming. It’s overwhelming and emotional and we are all speechless. It’s amazing how supportive friends, family, colleagues, communities and also strangers have been towards this cause and also their generosity. “Initially the money will be used to buy Levi a wheelchair and for home improvements, including ramps and showering facilities. Once he’s able to walk again we will look at buying him the best prosthetic limbs possible privately and any further equipment he will need." Anyone who wishes to donate to the young man's appeal can visit Levi’s GoFundMe page here.