WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Fauda season 4 Season four of Fauda proved a tense watch as the stakes were raised to the max. The latest series recently dropped on Netflix after airing in Israel in 2022 saw the story crossing borders in a mission which took audiences all the way to Europe and back again to the Middle East. There was plenty more danger this time around with all the characters in the firing line. Captain ‘Gabi’ Ayub (played by Itzhak ‘Itzik’ Cohen) was betrayed and kidnapped by Omar Tawalbe’s (Amir Boutrous), who grilled him mercilessly. Gabi had enlisted Doron Kavillio (Lior Raz) at the start of season four to go on one last mission to Brussels but in true Fauda style things went wrong. Luckily, Doron and the rest of the team started hunting down Omar with the help of the local police. However, it seemed like all had failed when they found the building where Gabi was being held, only to discover a significant amount of blood in the room but no sign of the captain. READ MORE: Fauda fans were left on a huge cliffhanger at the end of season 4 Although most thought this was a sign Gabi had been murdered by Omar and his men, Doron refused to give up hope. Instead, he continued his inquiries and Gabi was indeed found alive and eventually rescued. Gabi was in a bad way though, bruised and battered from his ordeal with multiple injuries. In fact, Gabi had to sit it out in the finale after the team went on a mission to draw out Omar’s cousin Adel Tawalbe (Loai Nofi). READ MORE: Here's a look at the stars joining the new series of Fauda The captain wanted Adel because he needed to know what information Omar had passed onto the terrorist. Gabi’s brutal interrogation had led him to offer up some intel and he felt the only way to find out what Adel knew was to capture him alive. Gabi masterminded the operation to capture Adel by laying bait down at Omar’s funeral with the terrorist swallowing it hook, line and sinker. But the plan went awry when Adel was warned the Israel Defense Forces were present and he fled from the funeral procession. The team pursued him but seemed to lose Adel as they were ambushed in an enclosed apartment complex. There was a huge shootout with reinforcements taking a while to arrive and the team sustaining injuries and facing heavy gunfire. As the finale came to a close, the show cut between the team and Gabi and Dana (Meirav Shirom). Gabi wandered outdoors, limping and simply gazing out at the landscape with the story returning to the team wounded as they awaited the backup helicopters. DON'T MISS...Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [INSIGHT]Eamonn Holmes admits ‘they're dead to me' as he addresses feud [VIDEO]GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan [UPDATE] There are now questions about how the team was put in such a precarious position and whether there was a mole involved, who gave up valuable information about the surgical operation to extract Adel. Right before the mission, Doron begged Gabi not to go ahead with it because of the anguish it would cause Omar’s sister Maya Binyamin (played by Lucy Ayoub). Gabi simply told Doron he always seemed to fall for the girl, before saying Adel was too dangerous and needed to be caught. Fauda fans will now have to wait to see if the show gets greenlit for another series with the cliffhanger demanding a resolution. Fauda season 4 is streaming on Netflix now