Let’s face it, cleaning your oven racks isn’t something you think about every day. However, they are commonly covered in baked-on grease and burnt food. Over time this can make the oven look brown and filthy. To combat this, Mrs Hinch fans have taken to social media to share their top tips to make oven racks sparking and free of any nasties as a result of one woman struggling to clean their oven rack. Posting an image of the oven racks covered in grease and burnt food, Fiona Bowey said: “Cleaning out my mum’s oven. Had the trays soaking in Oven Brite, but they still look like this. Any ideas or should I try to source new ones?” Taking to the comments, the majority of the 200 replies recommended using laundry powder to get the job done. Su Green said: “Pop in the bath, cover with hot water and put in laundry powder and leave for as long as you can. Then wipe down and see the shine. Game changer.” Joanna Watts wrote: “In the bath with washing powder, overnight, then all the crusty stains come off easily. READ MORE: Plumber’s £1 method to remove toilet limescale - will look ‘like new’ “It’s so much more effective than the oven cleaners I’ve used in the past and there’s no scrubbing involved.” Glenn Mir said: “Put in the bath with laundry powder and any brown bits left will come off very easily.” Doona Beal replied: “Place racks in hot water, shake laundry powder over them and leave for as long as possible and then wipe off. I’ve tried it and it truly works.” Sarah Evans commented: “I soak mine in boiling water and washing powder for an hour, then if still not perfect, soak in boiling water washing powder for another hour.” DON'T MISS‘Tacky’ interior trends to avoid that make your home appear ‘cheap’ [EXPERT]7 houseplants to ‘avoid’ keeping in kitchens - plants will ‘die’ [INSIGHT]Damp can cost up to £5,000 to repair - use ‘cheap £1’ item to fix [COMMENT] Emily Dolan said: “when I didn’t have a dishwasher I used to soak them in hot water with biological soap powder overnight. Then shine them up with a microfibre cloth.” Mary Miles added: “I always use really hot water in the bath and washing powder. My shelves were really bad and they came out like new. The dirt just flaked off.” And as laundry powder is designed to remove tough food stains and dirt on clothes, it also works to break down grease - but just ensure to thoroughly rinse the oven trays afterwards. Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended using soda crystals to remove stubborn grime from oven racks. READ MORE: ‘Best’ washing machine setting for ‘significant’ savings on bills Sharon Hicks wrote: “Soda crystals. Honestly, they’ll come up like new. Dissolve a couple of cupfuls of soda crystals in hot water. “Soak the racks for an hour. Use a Brillo pad to dislodge the muck. Rinse and wipe. You’ll be amazed.” Maureen Pence said: “Soda crystals and very hot water, then rub over with a stainless steel scourer.” Dianne Taylor added: “Try soda crystals diluted in hot water and leave racks soaking overnight, [the dirt] will just rub off. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Some cleaning enthusiasts claimed that leaving oven racks on the grass overnight will take off the grease and grime with ease. Julie Sprigett Said: “Well I did try the laying on your grass overnight thing and it got a lot off mine, maybe worth a try. It might take two nights, turn them over for the second one.” Ann Smith wrote: “Put them in the garden on grass till morning.” Debbie Porter replied: “Exactly what I was going to say. Works every time.” Sylvia Buick added: “Mrs Hinch says to put it out overnight in the grass and bring it in the next morning and wash, it works.”