Six more classified documents were found after the Department of Justice (DOJ) conducted a new search at Joe Biden's Wilmington home, the 46th POTUS' personal lawyer has revealed. Bob Bauer also claimed the DOJ completed its 13-hour search on Friday. He said: "[The DOJ] took possession of materials it deemed within the scope of its inquiry, including six items consisting of documents with classification markings and surrounding materials, some of which were from the President’s service in the Senate and some of which were from his tenure as Vice President. "DOJ also took for further review personally handwritten notes from the Vice-Presidential years." The POTUS' special counsel Richard Sauber separately said neither Mr Biden nor First Lady Jill Biden were present during the search. The six classified documents were found after other paperwork was located at an office in Washington DC and in Mr Biden's garage. JUST IN: Ex-Navy SEAL father-of-four killed fighting in Ukraine as Russians launch new offensive Documents discovered before Friday’s search were found by Biden’s lawyers who the White House claim immediately notified the National Archives and DOJ. Attorney General Merrick Garland earlier this month appointed a special counsel to investigate Biden’s retention of classified records after serving as Vice President. Ex-POTUS Donald Trump is under criminal investigation by another special counsel after an FBI raid on his Mar-a-Lago home uncovered hundreds of classified documents. Following the announcement made about November's Biden-related discovery, the 45th President said on Truth Social: "When is the FBI going to raid the many homes of Joe Biden, perhaps even the White House? These documents were definitely not declassified." READ MORE: President Meghan? Don't rule it out, she's a big favourite, says DAVID MADDOX Other figures in the Grand Old Party (GOP) are also mounting pressure on Biden. Jason Miller, who served as a senior adviser on Trump's 2020 campaign, told Express.co.uk: "The latest Biden bombshell has Washington Democrats panicked. "Expect to see the drumbeat to grow louder for Biden to step aside and allow Democrats to nominate a candidate untainted by federal scandals." GOP strategist Amy Koch added: "[It is the] same thing I thought with Trump. DON'T MISS:Donald Trump allies urge ex-POTUS to 'get out of Mar-a-Lago in 2024 warning [EXCLUSIVE]'Concerted effort!' Ex-Trump aides hatch plan to stop 45th POTUS' White House return [REVEALED]Mike Pence 'not ready' to go toe-to-toe with Donald Trump in GOP primary, ex-aide warns [INSIGHT] "Having worked in intelligence during my time as a Russian linguist in the Air Force, proper handling of documents was crystal clear on proper protocols. "When that isn’t followed by these politicians, they put national security and American lives in danger." Derek Dufresne, chief strategist for Florida's Republican Representative Kat Cammack, also told Express.co.uk: "The left and main stream media lost their minds over the documents found in Mara-Lago. "Yet, they seem much more subdued over the scandal brewing in Delaware.  "The double standard being applied is both transparent and embarrassing." Mr Biden also took a swipe at his predecessor last September when he suggested Mr Trump had been "irresponsible" for taking classified documents to his Florida residence. Under the Presidential Records Act, records related to both the Commander-in-Chief and their deputy are supposed to be stored at the National Archives. Express.co.uk has approached the White House and DOJ for comment.  