Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has been told he can repeat his efforts to improve both Marcus Rashford and Luke Shaw's performances with a third Red Devil in Aaron Wan-Bissaka, who has been linked with a move away from Old Trafford this month. The former Crystal Palace right-back has ably deputised for the injured Diogo Dalot since the World Cup ended, but there have been questions over whether his long-term future lies at the club. Wan-Bissaka had played just four minutes under Ten Hag before the World Cup, a short cameo in the 2-1 victory over Liverpool in August, and looked set for a January exit as United would attempt to recoup some of the £50million that the Red Devils paid for him in 2019. Reports had claimed that one of Ten Hag’s January priorities was a new right-back to compete with Dalot, as Wan-Bissaka had been out of the picture and was linked with a potential return to Selhurst Park and moves to Wolves and West Ham. One player mentioned as a possibility of replacing Wan-Bissaka at Old Trafford was Celtic’s Josip Juranovic, as his displays at the World Cup for Croatia showed that he can compete at the highest level. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE However, ex-United striker Louis Saha believes that Wan-Bissaka can revive his career at the club, blocking two deals as the 25-year-old would not have to leave Old Trafford, and United could avoid spending money on a replacement. “I know that Celtic right-back Jusip Juranovic has been linked to some big clubs, but under Ten Hag there’s been a change of dynamic for many players,” Saha told BoyleSports. “Luke Shaw and Marcus Rashford haven’t had the chance to improve in the past but with Ten Hag they now do. Wan-Bissaka can still do this under Ten Hag as he’s a big player and has big potential. READ MOREArsenal target Mykhaylo Mudryk's agent sets record straight on '£70m Chelsea bid'Shakhtar chief spotted yards from Todd Boehly as Chelsea and Arsenal battle intensifiesMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMW “I know Wolves are interested but he can improve his attacking, he’s very physical and he can definitely improve. I will be sad if he goes to Wolves as he hasn’t been helped as much as he deserves.” Both Rashford and Shaw struggled last season before Ten Hag’s arrival, and in the early weeks of the season the England defender was behind Tyrell Malacia in the pecking order, but both have seen their United careers make a U-turn and the two are currently indispensable under the Dutch boss. Whether Wan-Bissaka has made enough of an impression for Ten Hag to change his mind on wanting a new right-back remains to be seen, and he could be running out of time as Dalot returned to the starting lineup for the 3-1 FA Cup win over Everton on Friday.