  A mum-of-two has died at a popular tourist beach while on holiday, but her eldest daughter was able to be saved. Lina Dilipkumar, age 38, had asked her husband to take their beach bag up to their hotel room while she was swimming with her daughter near Cancun, Mexico.       Lina and her daughter began to struggle in the waves while at Playa del Carmen beach. Her husband, Vishal Maugi, returned from the hotel to find people surrounding his eldest daughter near the waves, as beach-goers had managed to save her. Vishal got a lifeguard to go look for his wife after discovering she was still in the water, but tragically Lina was killed. A coroner has ruled that Lena, from north London, died on July 24 2022 and was killed due to "suffocation due to submersion".    At North London Coroner's Court, the inquest into Lina’s death heard a statement from Vishal, which was read out an assistant coroner Dr Peter Straker. Vishal, as well as Lina’s other family members, listened via video link as the doctor read the statement. The statement said: “On July 24, 2022, the approximate time being between 10.30am and 11am, we were walking towards the beach in order to take some photographs. “I went into the sea to swim with my daughters, and I left my wife with my camera.” However, Lina handed her husband the camera and a beach bag so she could go for a swim with their daughters, and asked him to take their things up to the hotel room. READ MORE: Woman calls for firework control after dog dies of heart attack When Vishal returned, he saw the waves had gotten bigger and a crowd had gathered. He said: “People had managed to hold onto my oldest daughter. “I approached the lifeguard and ordered him to help in search of my wife on his jet ski because nobody could find her. “The lifeguard went out and found the body and placed it on the jet ski and brought it to the beach. “When he got back he then tried to get the water from her body.” Pandemics had tried to help Lina and she was taken to a nearby doctor's clinic, but half an hour later a doctor told Vishal that she had not managed to survive. DON'T MISS:Student, 23, killed after being hit by police SUV [REPORT]Ron DeSantis teases his 2024 White House run [REVEAL]William given up trying to amend things with 'lost' brother Harry [INSIGHT] Lena was the only daughter and sister in a family of five brothers, and Vishal thanked everyone in his family for their constant care and support. He also thanked both the Mexican and British governments. The coroner at the inquest ruled: "Lina Dilipkamura died as the result of suffocation caused by submersion on July 24 off the coast of Mexico. "Lina died as a result of an accident." The coroner offered his condolences to the grieving family, and added: “I hope Lina's daughters are well despite losing their mother.”