The Royal Family has been praised for its strong wall of silence in response to the bombshell claims made by Prince Harry in his book, with an expert warning the Duke of Sussex will eventually "burn himself out". Harry and his wife Meghan Markle appeared in their own six-part documentary series on Netflix, which sees them make a number of accusations against the Royal Family. The Duke of Sussex fired more damaging claims against his own family in his memoir, Spare, taking particular aim at the Prince and Princess ofWales, as well as Camilla, Queen Consort. But two weeks after Harry's book was released around the world, both Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace have yet to make any public comment on the claims made by the prince. Pauline Maclaran, Professor of Marketing and Consumer Research, Royal Holloway University of London, has heaped praise on this decades-long stance from the Royal Family. She told Express.co.uk the royals will be well aware of the risks of sparking what could be another bitter row with Harry and if anything, could later release something comparable to Queen Elizabeth II's famous "recollections may vary" response. Professor Maclaran said: "The Royal Family are taking the right stance because the way it is going is that Harry will burn himself out. "If they make any reply, it risks exasperating the whole thing and we end up in a 'he said, she said, they said' battle. "They would be horrified to start that and are probably scared to set anything else off. "Keeping quiet is actually the best strategy because what accusations can they actually answer? "Any of the ones are going to start a battle with who's right. "They may issue something like the Queen's response 'recollections may vary'. "That was the perfect response to that situation. At the moment, there isn't anything that risks the monarchy." That rare statement from Buckingham Palace came in response to a series of bombshell claims Harry and Meghan made against the Royal Family during a televised interview with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021. READ MORE: Harry blasted Elvis' home Graceland and said designer was 'on acid' The couple alleged there had been "several conversations" within the Royal Family about the skin tone of their soon-to-be-born baby, Archie. They also accused the Royal Family of ignoring Meghan’s cries for mental health support and had left her feeling suicidal. Buckingham Palace issued a rare statement on behalf of the Queen, which said: "The whole family is saddened to learn the full extent of how challenging the last few years have been for Harry and Meghan. The issues raised, particularly that of race, are concerning. "While some recollections may vary, they are taken very seriously and will be addressed by the family privately. Harry, Meghan and Archie will always be much loved family members." Meanwhile Edward Coram-James, a PR, reputation and crisis management expert and CEO of Go Up, claimed the Royal Family have "pulled a blinder" over their response to the recent claims made towards them by Harry and Meghan. DON'T MISSMaxwell launches new defence Prince Andrew by rejecting victim claims [INTERVIEW]POLL – Should Prince Edward be given the Duke of Edinburgh title? [OPINION]Ghislaine Maxwell made 'important' gesture about Prince Andrew [REPORT] He believes it shows Buckingham Palace had a strong "game plan" in place and were prepared for any such accusations, while blasting the strategy from the couple as "ill-conceived". The expert told Express.co.uk: "What should the Royal Family do in response to these claims? In a word: nothing. They have pulled a blinder. "The biggest mistake that they could make would be to respond to any of the allegations. They are simply not serious enough allegations to warrant them breaching their long held code of silence. Breaching that silence will imply guilt. Remaining silent gives an air of maturity and remaining above the fray. "The Royal family have had a game plan and, unlike the Sussexes, whose game plan has appeared ill-conceived and often strayed from, the royals have toed the line throughout." Mr Coram-James also poured cold water over the accusations made by Harry in his book, adding the Royal Family have only taken a "mild bruising" and "never came close to being on the receiving end of any knockout blows". He continued: "The Royal Family know that it will all blow over soon enough, as the news cycle moves on and today's news becomes old hat. "They will be deeply relieved that no fatal accusations were made, and will perhaps feel that Harry's revelations were not nearly as damning as they will inevitably have prepared for. "The Royal Family will look forward to King Charles' coronation knowing that they may have taken a mild bruising, but they never came close to being on the receiving end of any knockout blows."