The Football Association has warned clubs they face being charged if their supporters are found to use the homophobic phrase ‘R*** Boy’ in their chants. The governing body is falling in line with the Crown Prosecution Service, which considers the derogatory taunt to be a hate crime. A chant containing the phrase is often directed at Chelsea players and has been heard at several Premier League matches in recent weeks. LGBTQ+ groups from the Blues and Nottingham Forest condemned chants sung during the top-flight clash between the two clubs last week. It was also directed at Everton boss Frank Lampard during the Toffees’ FA Cup trip to Manchester United at the weekend. Lampard is a former Chelsea player and manager. “The FA strongly condemns all offensive, abusive and discriminatory chanting in football stadiums, and is determined to stamp this behaviour out. These chants can have a lasting and damaging impact on people and communities within our game, and it must stop,” an FA spokesperson said. JUST IN: Joao Felix to get 'bullied' at Chelsea as £9m January loan slammed “Today, The FA has formally written to all clubs across the Premier League, EFL, National League, Women’s Super League, Women’s Championship and Steps 2-4, to remind them that it can pursue formal disciplinary action against any club whose supporters engage in discriminatory behaviour, now including the use of the term ‘R*** Boy’. “This important step follows the recent successful prosecution of an individual by the Crown Prosecution Service for homophobic abuse, specifically relating to the term ‘R*** Boy’. “The FA has now informed all clubs that it considers the ‘R*** Boy’ chant to be a breach of the FA Rules. These rules apply to the conduct of supporters at both home and away fixtures, and clubs at all levels of English football have a responsibility to ensure their spectators behave appropriately when attending matches. “The FA takes all allegations of discrimination extremely seriously and would encourage anybody who has been subject to, or a witness of incidents of discrimination, to report it to The FA, the club or the relevant authorities so it can be investigated thoroughly.” DON'T MISS...Man Utd 'add new player to Ten Hag January shortlist' as Chelsea joinJoao Felix's first words after completing £9m Chelsea loan moveArsenal target Mykhaylo Mudryk makes feelings on Chelsea move clear Chelsea Pride, an LGBTQ+ group consisting of Blues fans, welcomed the FA’s statement. They said: "We at Chelsea Pride welcome the decision from the FA to take action against the homophobic chant that is directed at those connected to Chelsea Football Club. “Our Chair has worked with the club, the CPS and many incredible people across football in the pursuit of change. Today we are seeing a path for change taking place. "However, now more than ever it's vital we continue to work closely with Chelsea on homophobia, biphobia and transphobia and the 'No To Hate campaign. It's also vitally important that clubs now stand up for the LGBTQ+ community that plays such an important role within football.”