Tyson Fury has renewed his interest in a hybrid boxing bout with former UFC heavyweight champion Francis Ngannou. The Cameroonian recently parted ways with the MMA giants and is now hoping to make a splash in the boxing world. Ngannou and Fury had agreed to face each other last year after The Gypsy King's brief retirement from the sport. But with the former still contracted to the UFC at the time, a deal couldn't be made. However, now that Ngannou is officially a free agent, Fury has called out The Predator for a 4oz gloved bout in an MMA cage and wants Mike Tyson to be the referee. "Now I know this is a big interview so I'm going to take this deadly seriously, Francis Ngannou, I know you're out of contract with the UFC," he told Seconds Out. "If you want to earn some big boy money come and see The Gypsy King and let's do a big fight for the baddest MF on the planet and let's kick it up spicy, in a cage, with four-ounce gloves under Queensbury [Promotions] and let's have a bad a** referee like Iron Mike Tyson." Before that fight can be made though, Fury will have to get through Oleksandr Usyk first. According to Fury's promoter Frank Warren, negotiations are nearing completion with the official venue being the final issue to resolve. Organisers are targeting the Middle East with Saudi Arabia understood to be the desired location. If the fight cannot be staged overseas then London's Wembley Stadium has been pencilled in as a backup option. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury boxing 'Paris-sized' Usyk as Brit told wife has bigger shoulders Eubank Jr set for colossal payday versus Smith as fight purses leaked Eubank Jr was once floored in three seconds by bare-knuckle champion Fury, like everyone involved, is optimistic that the deal will be signed soon but admits that he would be open to boxing Ngannou next if an agreement can't be reached with the Ukrainian. "If the contract doesn't get signed with Usyk next for the fight of the century in boxing then we will do the Ngannou fight whether it's in Las Vegas or Wembley, who knows," he added. "But we will know quite soon I think because if these fellas don't start coming up and signing the contract for the fight of the century then we're moving on to greener pastures."   