Since then, his Amazon and ITV deals have been put into jeopardy with the threat he would be losing his shows The Grand Tour, Clarkson's Farm and Who Wants to be a Millionaire? However, there has been a petition made by his fans calling for Jeremy not to be sacked as a presenter. The petition, entitled "To the CEO of ITV: Don’t Cancel Jeremy Clarkson", is addressed to ITV boss Carolyn McCall. It reads: "Please don’t fire Jeremy Clarkson as host of 'Who Wants to be a Millionaire?' as a result of what he wrote about the Duchess of Sussex in the Sun newspaper in December." It continued that the negative reaction to the presenter's column had been "completely disproportionate”. They noted that the Grand Tour star had asked for the column to be taken down and that he had said sorry to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan “If people make mistakes and then apologise for them, we should give them the benefit of the doubt, not seek to destroy their livelihoods and turn them into social pariahs,” the petition said. “After all, we believe in the possibility of redemption for even the most hardened criminals; why can’t we extend the same charity to people whose only crime is to have said something offensive?” Jeremy's piece sparked backlash, with many outraged at the words he used to describe how much he "hated" Meghan Markle. On Monday, January 15, The Grand Tour star posted a lengthy apology on his Instagram account, revealing he had emailed The Duke and Duchess of Sussex on Christmas Day. He claimed he was “profoundly sorry”, and claimed that he had written the piece in a "hurry" and didn't have someone read over the article before he "just pressed send." On the flip side of the petition, which has surpassed 22,000 signatures, calling for Jeremy not to be sacked, the column saw 20,000 IPSO complaints made after it was published. It is understood that Amazon will still air the already-commissioned series of the two popular shows but cancelled any further plans to work with Clarkson after 2024. Amazon has not yet officially confirmed any plans regarding The Grand Tour's future. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Jeff Hordley speaks out on Cain 'killing' [WATCH]BBC fans 'switch off' Michael McIntyre as fans fume over licence fee [LATEST]Escape to the Chateau DIY mansion is being sold [INSIGHT] Since the news that the show may not make a comeback, fans have questioned Jeremy's co-star James May about the news, and he acknowledged the "difficult time" he has faced. As he celebrated his 60th birthday, James thanked fans for messages and wrote on Twitter: "Thank you for all your birthday wishes/c**p jokes/sod offs. It is very comforting at this difficult time. "I have successfully applied for my over-60s bus and tube pass. Pretty impressive, old person using the internet, etc etc." (sic) Many others have come out in support of Jeremy, including TalkTV presenter Piers Morgan who already has a history with Meghan. The former Good Morning Britain host hit out against Harry and Meghan for not accepting Jeremy's apology. He said: "It doesn't get more fulsome, frankly, than what he posted on Instagram." Piers went on to add: "But it wasn't enough for Harry and Meghan, and it took me back to when I was asked to apologise to Meghan Markle for doubting her word on Good Morning Britain. "Even if I had pretended I was sorry they wouldn't accept it, she wouldn't accept it. She'd just use it as an excuse to go even harder. That's what they do."