Dancer Abbie Quinnen, 25, has bravely opened up about her “never-ending” health woes in an interview with Express.co.uk and other outlets. The star, who was previously in a relationship with Strictly Come Dancing star AJ Pritchard, 28, described how she might have to undergo another operation for her burns as she spoke to press on the red carpet of Cirque Du Soleil’s newest European Premiere at the Royal Albert Hall.   Asked about her recovery following the horror burn incident nearly two years ago, she said: “It’s hard. It’s still an ongoing thing and it’s kind of never-ending at the moment. “I actually think I’m having another operation unfortunately,” she revealed. “I’m going to find out on January 25 whether I’m going to be having another operation or not. “So it seems to be never-ending but I feel like I’m getting better and better.” READ MORE: BBC Radio 2's Scott Mills reacts to Ken Bruce 'replacement' backlash    Talking about putting herself out there and continuing to model bikinis on Instagram, Abbie spoke about the importance of feeling confident in your own skin even when it’s difficult. “I think it’s so important to show body confidence, even though what happened was absolutely terrible. “It’s important to show it off and to show how far I’ve come, so I’m trying to do it in a positive way. Abbie also spoke about how wonderful it was to have the public’s support after her horrific accident.      “That meant the world to me,” she said. “It could have gone either way, really and I’m just so lucky that so many people are really supportive. “They really followed my journey, and I’m just so grateful to the NHS and everyone else that supported me.” In January 2021, Abbie suffered second and third degree burns in a terrible accident whilst filming a video with her then-boyfriend AJ Pritchard. She was engulfed in flames when a glass she was using for a TikTok video exploded, which led to her needing three skin grafts. READ MORE... Piers Morgan mocks Omid Scobie as Harry calls Meghan claim 'nonsense' [NEWS] Prince Harry exposing texts slammed by US star as 'Housewives' move [UPDATE] Jennifer Aniston ‘concerned’ over Brad Pitt’s new romance [LATEST INSIGHT]      The couple had been filming a “life hack” video to show how a glass bottle could be cut in half so it could then be used as a vase. The method involved dipping a rope into a flammable chemical, wrapping it around the bottle and lighting a flame, but unfortunately the glass exploded instead and set Abbie on fire. Abbie had to be taken to intensive care for five nights as staff attempted to repair her damaged skin following the blaze. She was then left with third-degree burns all over her face, arm and torso.      In September of last year, Abbie faced further heartbreak when she split from AJ amid allegations he had been messaging another woman. AJ was then seen with the supposed woman, Zara Zoffany, at the same event as Abbie on Wednesday evening. Cirque Du Soleil made its return to London with KURIOS yesterday, inviting a number of high profile celebs to its European Premiere at the Royal Albert Hall.    