He's not the first. I've lost count of the number of times I've sat round a table with people who've solemnly declared that - post-Brexit, post-Pandemic, post-Partygate - Britain has become a "laughing stock". I've read it, I've heard it. I've rolled my eyes. "I'm afraid," growled shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves a while back that "Britain has become a global laughing stock". Former Labour spin doctor Alastair Campbell also wrote that Britain became a laughing stock, "laughed at all over the world". (Though let us not forget in any discussion of laughing stocks how Campbell was hilariously portrayed as potty-mouthed Malcolm Tucker in TV's The Thick Of It). Sneery metropolitan types routinely reach for the phrase "laughing stock" to express their lofty disappointment in all things UK. And don't they just love it? During the fleeting Liz Truss era Times Radio asked a German Green MEP and a former Italian minister if they thought Britain was a laughing stock. You might as well ask children if they like sweets. What did anyone imagine the Euro ghouls would say? The German woman, unable to contain a smile, said it was all "extremely unfortunate". At least the Italian had the good grace to admit that Italy itself hadn't always been a beacon of political stability. But the general agreement was that, yes, Britain was now a laughing stock. Dear oh dear. But what's the problem? Countries always laugh at each other. It's either that or mobilising your armed forces. In the 1980s Derek Jameson presented a BBC TV show called Do They Mean Us? which unearthed all the foreign media reports about our funny British ways. They laughed at us. We laughed at them laughing at us. Everyone's happy.  Some countries definitely aren't laughing stocks. I'm thinking of Afghanistan and Iran just for starters. Nobody laughs at them. Nobody wants to go there either. But everyone wants to come here. Funny that. Because that's the point. Things may be a bit dodgy at the moment in almost all departments. But in our muddled British way we have simply processed events which would have led to military coups and bodies in the streets in other countries. Our democracy worked like twangy old clockwork. Unwanted prime ministers left Downing Street in an orderly fashion. That's not a sign of collapse and chaos and a shattered international reputation. That's extremely reassuring. We grumble and deplore our national shortcomings and 2023 is, admittedly, a slightly worrisome blank page. But there are far worse things than being a laughing stock - and what does it matter if we force our miserabilist neighbours in Europe to crack a smile? Happy new year.  A Russian oligarch, a sausage tycoon, was found dead after having apparently fallen from the third floor window of a luxury Indian hotel. Pavel Antonov, 65, had been travelling with a group of friends to celebrate his birthday. Another member of the group, Vladimir Bidenov, had been found dead in his room a few days before, "surrounded by bottles". Birthday celebrations don't get much worse. Last summer Antonov described the invasion of Ukraine as terrorism though he later apologised to President Putin. Since the war began last February some 20 Russian billionaires and high-up officials have met their deaths in sundry ways - falls, a helicopter crash, drowning, shootings, hangings and "in his sleep". The Indian police say there is nothing suspicious about Mr Antonov's death. Nothing suspicious about any of this at all. Move along.  Obviously I feel for all those people who had less-than-perfect Christmasses. But I think the catastrophe that befell me tops them all. The lightbulb in the fridge blew. It was almost worse than the year when the oven door fell off just as I was inserting the turkey. There's something profoundly depressing about the inside of an unlit fridge. It's like staring into the abyss.Worse still it was packed with food for the festivities which was unidentifiable in the chilly gloom. The only way you could hope to find the butter was to shine a mobile phone torch into the depths and stick your head in. I've ordered a new bulb which may or may not be the right size. Who knows what rotting horrors will emerge when the lights come on again?  Satire is dead. And so, sadly, is John Bird, 86, who directed Peter Cook and Eleanor Bron in the famously dazzling 1959 Cambridge Footlights Revue and opened the Establishment Club in London. In the 1960s satire was where it was at. Latterly Bird was better known for his Long Johns comedy sketches on Channel 4 with John Fortune. In these little gems a pompous public figure (always called George Parr) was interviewed by the other John. Today, sophisticated satire with that surreal British edge has no chance in the age of righteous anger, permanent offence taking and hyper-sensitivity. Jokes would have to be defended and justified. And that's the best way to kill a joke stone dead. Satire is dead and - like John Bird - is much missed. 