Clement Lenglet has accused his Tottenham team-mates of being “disorganised” and lacking professionalism after they went behind in their 10th game in a row on Sunday. The 2-0 defeat to Aston Villa leaves them outside the top four Champions League places after a run of four defeats and a draw in their last seven Premier League matches. Antonio Conte blamed the relative lack of resources compared to the Big Guns in the Premier League, likening it to going into battle with a “small pistol against a bazooka”.Lenglet, on loan from Barcelona, nevertheless feels that some of the problem lies closer to home.“It was not the way we wanted to start the New Year,” he said. “Very early in the second half we conceded quickly and the way we played was a little bit disorganised in the second half.“It was too difficult to come back and it’s not a good start to the year and we hope to do well in three days.” You have to go right back to October 15 against Everton for the last time that Spurs scored first in a game and they have conceded at least twice in every Premier League game since then.“If I knew why, I would tell my team,” Lenglet added. “We have to change something.“We train and work a lot in the week, but we are in a bad dynamic, and it’s difficult when you concede an opportunity and they score.“After, we have to push more to score, to win or to draw. We have to find the right solution. We need to stay calm and find the right solution.“We have to be professional to understand the game and to be better.” It is a far cry from Spain, where, as a Barcelona player, automatic Champions League qualifications was the very least of expectations“It’s the first year for me in the Premier League,” Lenglet said. “When you watch the league every season it’s very difficult to get top four.“We have to push to win games to be stronger than ever. We need to fight against all the teams if we want to get top four.”.A lot of Tottenham’s immediate hopes rest on Dejan Kulusevski shaking off a muscle injury in time for the game against Crystal Palace, with Brazil’s Richarlison still a couple of weeks away from recovering from the injury he suffered at the World Cup.