   Senior staff called the police to Peterhead Academy in Peterhead, Scotland, and then followed the boy around the school.   They moved classes where necessary to keep pupils safe.   The Press and Journal reports staff managed to take the knife from the boy before police arrived and the child was arrested. The school's headteacher Gerry McCluskey sent a message out to parents and carers to reassure them that all the pupils and staff were safe.  Writing just after the incident, he said: "Less than 30 minutes ago a member of the public forced access to Peterhead Academy. "Senior staff called police and shadowed the intruder around the building, moving classes where necessary to safeguard young people. "This young person was carrying an offensive weapon which senior staff were able to relieve him of. "Police then arrived and arrested the intruder. "No young person or staff were injured. If any young person is shaken up or concerned please ask them to contact their guidance teacher."   An Aberdeenshire Council spokesman said: "The safety and wellbeing of pupils is our top priority and as soon as we became aware there was an intruder at Peterhead Academy, we ensured pupils remained in their classrooms and police were called. "Officers arrived quickly, and no young person or staff were injured. We are offering support to any of our pupils that require it." Local MP David Duguid said: "This is a shocking incident which will have clearly alarmed pupils, staff and parents at Peterhead Academy. "The thought of our young people being endangered by an armed member of the public, within an environment in which they should be safe, is completely unacceptable and raises extreme concerns.  The Banff and Buchan MP added: "I commend the staff at the school for their bravery in relieving the intruder of his weapon and ensuring the pupils were kept safe but the staff shouldn’t be exposed to this danger either. "I have contacted the police area commander to arrange a meeting to discuss school safety following the incident.” A police spokesperson said: "Police Scotland received a report of a teenager with a knife at a school in Peterhead, around 2.20pm on Tuesday January 31. "Officers attended and a 14-year-old has been arrested in connection, no persons were injured and inquiries are ongoing."   