Prince Harry has been warned he is now becoming a "pariah" in the UK and "increasingly unpopular" in the US following a major furore over his "cynical attacks" against the Royal Family. The Duke of Sussex's hotly-anticipated memoir, Spare, was released globally last Tuesday, while the Prince also sat down for a series of TV interviews to promote it. But the book has triggered angry reactions from many as Harry makes a series of shocking claims against the Royal Family. This followed the Prince and his wife Meghan Markle starring in their own documentary series on Netflix, which largely saw them complain about alleged ill-treatment from the British press and the "freedom" they now enjoy in Montecito, California. Nile Gardiner, a Washington-based foreign policy expert and Royal Family commentator, lashed out, as he told Express.co.uk: "Harry's book is a desperate and deeply cynical attack on the Royal Family which has clearly backfired in a massive way. "The backlash against the book has been absolutely spectacular. Harry is now a pariah in the UK and also increasingly unpopular in the US. "He has really shot himself in the foot with his hatchet job memoir. It has been a spectacular own goal for Harry." In a further attack, Mr Gardiner also branded Harry and Meghan "the most unpopular couple in the modern history of the British monarchy". He continued: "Harry and Meghan will never be welcomed back to the UK and they are now complete pariahs there. "They have become the most unpopular couple in the modern history of the British monarchy and it is impossible to see how they can return to the UK, and they have become increasingly unpopular in the US as well. "The tremendous backlash to Harry's memoir in the UK will also cross the Atlantic. Americans are just fed up with the relentless and nasty attacks coming from Meghan and Harry."  Last week, Mr Gardiner claimed Harry is also now a "complete pariah outside of liberal elite circles in the US". The royal commentator tweeted: "The truth is that Prince Harry hates his own family and has turned his back on the British people. "He has thrown the Royal Family under the bus for millions of dollars in royalties out of sheer selfishness and spite. Outside of liberal elite circles in the US, he is a complete pariah." The fury towards Harry comes with a new poll showing his popularity among the UK public has plunged following the release of his bombshell book and claims made against the Royal Family. Delta Poll quizzed 1,059 UK adults between January 12 and 16, with 42 percent saying the Duke of Sussex has "done more damage to the Royal Family", compared to 41 percent for his uncle, Prince Andrew. Most telling with the older age groups, the figures were 56 percent to 32 percent for over-65s and 57 percent to 27 percent for those aged 55-64. But there was some good news for Harry as younger generations taking part in the new poll took an opposing view on the matter. Half of the participants aged 35-54 believe Andrew has caused more damaged to the Royal Family, compared to just 35 percent for his nephew Harry. The result was similar in the 18-24-year-old age category, 38 percent voting for Andrew versus to just over a fifth (22 percent) for Harry. Earlier this month, a YouGov survey of 1,693 adults in the UK before the release of Harry's book showed 64 percent had a negative view of him compared to 58 percent last May. Just over a quarter (26 percent) saw him in a positive light. Harry's net favourability among the British public has also plummeted to an all-time low of -38, with his wife Meghan Markle recording an even lower score of -42.