Speaking to a group of "atypical journalists" on the autism spectrum in November, French President Emmanuel Macron said Vladimir Putin is not an "unpleasant" character when met in person. The French leader was asked about the Russian President by a group of interviewers on the autism spectrum, described by their publication as “atypical journalists". The interviewers from Le Papotin, a journal founded in 1990 in a Paris-region day care center for young people with autism, playfully grilled Macron about the his meetings with the Russian leader among other things. Of Putin and the Russian president's war in Ukraine, the French leader said: “When you meet him like that, he's not unpleasant. That's the paradox.” But he added: “I think there is nothing to justify starting a war. "Basically he launched this war to recover territories and to extend Russia’s perimeter to the empire that once existed. "He took a very heavy responsibility for himself, his people, obviously for the people of Ukraine and for us all. This is how I see things." Notwithstanding his condemnation of Russia's decision to invade Ukraine, Macron's comments echo his controversial standing on the Russian leader. This is not the first time the French President has raised eyebrows over his position on Putin. In June, the French leader called on the West not to "humiliate" the Russian President. He said: "We must not humiliate Russia so that the day when the fighting stops we can build an exit ramp through diplomatic means." He added that he was "convinced that it is France's role to be a mediating power". READ MORE: 400 arrested in Brazil as Bolsonaro backers storm Congress  Reacting to Macron's latest comments, Henry Jackson Society's Associate Research Fellow Dr Helena Ivanov told Express.co.uk: "I would say that in Macron’s case, the road to hell is paved with good intentions. I’m sure that his summer comments about not humiliating Putin were inspired by his desire to prevent escalation. I’m sure that equally now, he wanted to show how complex people and the circumstances are. "Nevertheless, and the mere fact that we are talking about this now, illustrates that such comments are subject to various interpretations and thus could be seen in a very negative light. "So not really wise for him to do this at this stage." Last December, Macron also called on the West to think of "guarantees" to give Russia when the war in Ukraine is over, sparking outrage in Kyiv. DON'T MISS:Russia claim ‘600 Ukrainian troops’ killed in missile strike [INSIGHT]Tsunami threat for Vanuatu as huge magnitude 7.2 earthquake hits [VIDEO]Brexit has NOT failed says ex-MEP despite new poll [ANALYSIS] The French leader said Europe should discuss “how to give guarantees to Russia the day it returns to the negotiating table”. He added: “One of the essential points we must address — as President Putin has always said — is the fear that NATO comes right up to its doors, and the deployment of weapons that could threaten Russia." Ukrainian National Security and Defence Council secretary, Oleksiy Danilov, fumed at the time over Macron's statement. He said: “Instead of Nuremberg — to sign an agreement with [Russia] and shake hands? “Ukrainian blood on Putin’s hands will not bother business as usual?” He added that a "denuclearised and demilitarised" Russia would be “the best guarantee of peace for Europe and the world.”