Arsenal have entered the race to sign Greek wonderkid Giannis Konstantelias, according to reports. The 19-year-old is valued at £10million and the Gunners are set to begin scouting him this month. Arsenal are in the market for attacking reinforcements. Mikel Arteta is prioritising the signing of a winger but is also open to signing a striker. Mykhaylo Mudryk is the Premier League leaders' top target, with two bids already having been submitted to Shakhtar Donetsk. But Arteta also has an eye on the future when it comes to Konstantelias. The teenager, who can play in attacking midfield and out wide, has made just 28 senior appearances in his career. The majority of those have come for current club PAOK, where he came through the academy. He also had a loan spell at KAS Eupen in Belgium. The Evening Standard claims his performances have caught the eye of a host of clubs in England and in Europe. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Arsenal are said to be the latest side to have joined the race for his signature. Manchester City, Chelsea, Crystal Palace, Leeds and Wolves, as well as PSV Eindhoven and Valencia, are also all credited with interest. The report claims Barcelona took Konstantelias on trial at the age of 15 but were unable to agree a £880,000 deal. The player is now valued at around £10m, two months before he turns 20. Konstantelias is a Greece youth international and made his debut for the under-21s last year. But the Evening Standard says he is expected to make his debut for Greece in March, with Gibraltar the first opponents in qualification for Euro 2024. The report claims Konstantelias would likely stay on loan at PAOK for the remainder of this season if a deal is struck this month. He is yet to score at senior level but has four assists to his name. DON'T MISSChelsea star warned he may 'never play again' for Potter after Man City lossTottenham may have found their next Dele Alli in 'clever' star Conte lovesRonaldo and Georgina Rodriguez to break Saudi Arabian law as lawyers speak out  The interest from Arsenal fits with the profile of player the Gunners have targeted of late. Arteta brought in young winger Marquinhos last summer despite a lack of senior football in Brazil. Arteta wants to add to his options in forward areas and he and his recruitment staff are scouring the world for top young talent. Nicolas Pepe is currently out on loan and his future at the Emirates looks bleak. He will enter the final year of his contract once he returns from Nice in the summer. Meanwhile, Reiss Nelson's current deal expires at the end of the season and it remains to be seen if he will be offered an extension. The departure of both players would open up space for the likes of Konstantelias.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here