Chelsea will not let Conor Gallagher join Manchester United or Newcastle on loan on transfer deadline day as they do not want to strengthen a direct rival. The England international midfielder is seemingly a wanted man after Everton reportedly made a sizeable offer for the 22-year-old worth £45million with add-ons.  Gallagher's preference remains to stay at boyhood club Chelsea and fight for his place but there is a chance the Blues could listen to any offers that arrive before the 11pm transfer deadline. Newcastle have been linked with a swoop for the ex-Crystal Palace loanee, while Manchester United need a midfielder after losing Christian Eriksen to injury until April or May. According to The Mail, Chelsea aren't prepared to let Gallagher join either club on loan - even if they do indeed make their move. Chelsea are yet to give up hope that they could somehow force their way back into top-four contention and for that reason, the Blues aren't willing to sanction any move. FOLLOW TRANSFER DEADLINE DAY LIVE WITH EXPRESS SPORT Nonetheless, Graham Potter is also seemingly undecided as to whether Gallagher can depart Chelsea this month. Hakim Ziyech is set to join Paris Saint-Germain on loan and although Chelsea are still stacked with options, they arguably need everyone to remain onboard in order to maximise their chances of making something of their season. Manchester United are believed to be in talks with several clubs over the potential loan signing of a midfielder. It is unclear whether Gallagher is a player currently of interest but even so, Chelsea would be against letting their box-to-box midfielder move to Old Trafford.  A generic loan switch elsewhere is still possible, however, providing Potter green-lights Gallagher's exit. Crystal Palace remain open to re-signing their former fan-favourite, should Chelsea indicate he is available. The Eagles are already working on the loan signing of Albert Sambi Lokonga from Arsenal and that is a deal that could have legs in the final hour of the window. Speaking on talkSPORT, retired midfielder Danny Murphy claimed he believes Newcastle would be a great move for Gallagher. “Why would he be? (interested in a move to Everton),” asked Murphy, when details were shared of Everton's reported bid for Gallagher. “He could end up in the Championship. You have got Newcastle sniffing around. “He’s perfect for Newcastle. Chelsea might sell then.” Chelsea would be expected to use any money they received for Gallagher towards their huge push for Benfica star Enzo Fernandez. The Argentine remains Chelsea's top midfield target but a deal is yet to have been struck despite the Blues' huge £105m offer.