Everton reportedly considered hiring Carlo Ancelotti’s son, Davide, before deciding to name Sean Dyche as their new manager. The 51-year-old will be taking over from Frank Lampard at Goodison Park. However, he faces a huge test with the Toffees currently battling to avoid the embarrassment of Premier League relegation to the Championship. Everton have today confirmed Dyche as their new boss, with the former Burnley boss now charged with one of the hardest tasks in football. However, according to The Athletic, things could have been different. It’s already common knowledge that Everton explored the possibility of hiring former Leeds boss Marcelo Bielsa, who is still available following his departure from Elland Road last season. But it’s said Everton also contemplated hiring Ancelotti’s son, Davide, who previously worked under his father over on Merseyside. It’s claimed members of the Everton boardroom appreciate the work Davide did during his spell at the club. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Yet there was reportedly ‘an acceptance’ that hiring the 33-year-old carried ‘substantial risk’ given their current situation. As well as Bielsa and Ancelotti Jnr, Everton also considered former Valencia manager Marcelino - who has previously been a target for the club. The Spaniard was prepared to enter discussions with the Toffees but, in the end, dialogue ‘fizzled out’. Everton were aware he spoke little English and all parties agreed it was a hurdle to nay potential appointment. Marcelino is open to taking a job in the Premier League in the future, however, and is working on his language skills as a result. West Brom manager Carlos Corberan received some support, too, only for the club to decide against his hiring. The other two bosses Everton considered, at different stages, were Sam Allardyce and David Moyes. Both men have previously managed the club before but, with Farhad Moshiri heading the process, Dyche has now been appointed instead. Speaking after confirmation of his arrival at Everton, Dyche admitted he was raring to get started. “It’s an honour to become Everton manager. My staff and I are ready and eager to help get this great club back on track,” he said. “I know about Everton’s passionate fanbase and how precious this club is to them. “We’re ready to work and ready to give them what they want. That starts with sweat on the shirt, effort and getting back to some of the basic principles of what Everton Football Club has stood for for a long time. “We want to bring back a good feeling. We need the fans, we need unity and we need everyone aligned. “That starts with us as staff and players. Our aim is to put out a team that works, that fights and wears the badge with pride. “The connection with the fans can then grow very quickly because they’re so passionate. There is quality in this squad. But we have to make them shine. That’s the job of me and my staff. “We want to change the shape of this club going forward, remodel it in our style, but in a way that we can win. “That's the task in front of us - make sure we're building, tactically and technically, giving players organisation, allow them the freedom to play, to go and enjoy their football because it's brilliant when the team's playing with a smile, but we've got to win.” And Everton chairman Bill Kenwright said: “Kevin [Thelwell] and I spent some valuable time with Sean over the past few days and he quickly convinced me that he has exactly the right attributes to make himself a great Everton manager – and a man who could inspire our fanbase. “And Farhad felt the same when he met him, too.”