During the latest episode, fans were hooked as the team worked together alongside Special Agent Dale Sawyer (played by Zane Holtz) on another thrilling case. Sadly for fans, NCIS won’t be returning next week as CBS confirmed a scheduling shake-up.  NCIS follows the personal and professional lives of a team of highly skilled agents as they investigated crimes connected to the Navy and Marine Corps personnel. Since the drama first premiered in 2004, NCIS has garnered a loyal fanbase who have continued to tune in weekly. The latest episode, titled Big Rig, saw the team investigate the mysterious disappearance of Torres’ (Wilmer Valderrama) old frenemy. With many eager to see more of the troubled agent and his team, it's been revealed NCIS won’t adhere to the show’s weekly schedule. READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star    CBS has confirmed there won’t be a new episode of NCIS on Monday, January 30, instead it will be delayed until the following week. The occasional hiatus may not come as a surprise for longtime fans as it is fairly common for the network to take a week or two off in January. Most scheduled breaks are used as an opportunity to increase viewership when the show returns, this is to ensure the series is renewed by the network. After all, most network bosses will likely scrap a show if the viewership figures don’t continue climbing. NCIS season 20 will continue next month, it’s likely the hiatus will set the stage for the February sweeps. Fans will undoubtedly be eager for the show’s return after it recently smashed rating records with its highly anticipated crossover. The three-way event saw the agents from NCIS, NCIS Hawaii and NCIS LA in the same room for a multi-office team-up. According to TV Line, the crossover kicked off with 7.7 million total viewers and a 0.5 demo rating. DON'T MISS...Our Yorkshire Farm emergency as air ambulance rushes to Ravenseat [INSIGHT]NCIS Los Angeles season 14 finale release date is fast approaching [INSIGHT]NCIS fans 'work out' Nick Torres exit twist as 'replacement' joins [REACION]  NCIS completely smashed its rating record for the current season as the episode saw its largest audience since October 2021. In the meantime, fans continue to question Torres’ future at the NCIS offices, as the troubled agent made a difficult decision to support his sobriety. He was shocked when Sawyer made a surprise appearance to ask for his help and then mysteriously disappeared. Bloodied and upset, Sawyer broke major rules as he crossed a line during his undercover mission to seek Torres’ assistance.     After he vanished, the agent refused to let it go and learned the FBI were behind the operation, however, they refused to take his calls. As he summoned the support of his team, Torres and Knight (Katrina Law) found his motel and a torched body in Sawyer’s burnt car. Torres blamed himself because the FBI first approached him for the job but he turned it down to prioritise his mental well-being. Thankfully, Torres was able to have a huge moment of relief as Palmer (Brian Dietzen) checked delta records and discovered the dead body didn’t belong to Sawyer, who subsequently made an appearance later in the episode. NCIS season 20 returns to CBS in the USA on Monday, February 6 and continues Wednesdays on Disney+ in the UK.