Components fitted to cars threaten to give China a huge intelligence advantage. The spyware also puts Prime Minister Rishi Sunak at risk of blackmail, warns the head of the Foreign Affairs committee. It comes after I News revealed the discovery of an IoT cellular module capable of being used as a tracing device. The component, according to Alicia Kearns of the foreign affairs committee, was an example of the vulnerabilities in the new Internet of Things (IoT) connectivity technologies, which is dominated by China. She explained three Chinese companies won over 50 percent of the global market in the components as car manufacturers wanted to pay less than charged by Western providers. Ms Kearns, Conservative MP for Rutland and Melton, told the i: “Essentially these things track you.” “The Chinese are getting all that information if they want it. “The risk is that, for example, say they start looking at which cars are coming in and out of No10. “They can then identify which are the prime minister’s and which are those of his security. “They can work out where their home is, their habits, their vulnerabilities, their networks, their friends, the things that open them to blackmail.” Earlier this month, it was revealed that a hidden Chinese tracing device was discovered after intelligence officials thoroughly examined Government vehicles in response to growing concerns over spyware threats. A SIM card which can transmit location data was found in a sweep of Government and diplomatic data according to a security source. The geolocating device was placed inside the vehicle within a sealed part imported from a Chinese supplier and installed by the manufacturer. Chinese officials dismissed the revelations as “groundless and sheer rumour”, adding: “We are firmly opposed to political manipulation on normal economic and trade co-operation or any smear on Chinese enterprises.” Ms Kearns said Chinese president Xi Jinping was clear in his aims towards the race for technological supremacy. She said: “That’s why they’re buying up these strategic industries trying to make sure they’ve got technological advancement, because then they force us into path dependency. “If we are dependent on China at home we can’t be independent or strong on human rights around the world. So it neuters us completely.” She added that many of the UK's major security issues have been shielded form the public under the guise of national defense. She said: “The attitude has been, ‘Don’t you worry your head about foreign policy, national security. It’s too complicated. It has too many nuances, too far away. Don’t worry. We’ve got it. We’ll look after it’.” she said. 