Pete Davidson, 26, has been pictured kissing his rumoured girlfriend, Chase Sui, in Hawaii this weekend, just weeks after his representatives denied the romance rumours. Showing off his shirtless appearance, it was visible he had removed the tattoos he had dedicated to his ex-girlfriend, Kim Kardashian, 42. Pete and his new girlfriend Chase were pictured over the weekend frolicking in the sea while enjoying a break in Hawaii. Chase sported a green bikini and gold hoop earrings as she clung close to her new man. While Pete went shirtless in just a pair of floral swimming shorts, a black cap and a gold chain necklace. However, the SNL comedian, who has more than 70 tattoos on his body, revealed that his tattoos dedicated to his ex Kim seemed to have been removed. READ MORE: Robert Rinder 'unrecognisable' after break with Carol Vorderman Pete previously had a Jasmine and Aladdin design from the Disney classic, but this appeared to be gone. The comedian also had his ex's name branded on his chat, which has also disappeared but will notably leave a scar in the middle of his dog tattoo. Previously, Pete was pictured with a bandage above his left collarbone, right where his "My girl is a lawyer" tattoo was. He also had the brand "KNSCP2 neck tattoo bearing the initials of Kim's kids - North, Saint, Chicago, and Psalm. Kim commented on her then boyfriend's tattoos on the Ellen DeGeneres Show last April. The SKIMS founder said: "Yeah, he has a few tattoos. A few cute ones that he got. "I'm like, 'Oh, that's so cute,' but that's what tattoo people do, right? "They get tattoos of what's going on in their life." Kim also opened up to Ellen about Pete's name "branding" on his body. DON'T MISS... Alec Baldwin 'not be charged' with shooting of director Joel Souza [INSIGHT] Shakira waves from same balcony she put witch doll on amid divorce [PICS] Meat Loaf's wife admits 'huge part of me is missing' after his death [COMMENT] She said: "I think he was like, I want something that's there that I can't get rid of, because he's in the process of getting rid of his arm tats and his neck tats. "So he's like, 'I don't want to be able to get rid of it or to cover it up and I just wanted it there as a scar on me'." Kim's ex-husband and the father of her children also slammed the meaning behind his kids initials on Pete's body. He wrote in an Instagram rant: "Ask Pete how those tattoos of my kids are doing in the trauma unit." Kim and Pete notably first crossed paths when she hosted Saturday Night Live back in October 2021. The two shared their first kiss on TV portraying the classic Disney characters Aladdin and Jasmine during the sketch. During the course of their relationship, the former couple had taken lavish trips together and also made a glammed-up appearance at the 2022 MET Gala in New York City. However, news of their split was confirmed later in August, with a source telling People at the time: "Part of the reason they split was because of their busy schedules. They both travel all the time and it was hard."