Gemma Parry, 36, and their partner Mel, have been cutting back on costs while still managing to cook up tasty family meals for as little as 58 pence a portion. The couple from Wrexham in Wales are also into their fitness and swear by their £55 MuscleFood hamper which they claim helps them stay healthy while still saving money. Cash-strapped Britons who are looking for new ways to cut back on costs during the cost of living crisis might be inspired by Gemma and Mel's story. Gemma and Mel use a £55 MuscleFood hamper to cut back on costs, cooking up healthy, nutritionally balanced meals like Sausage Pasta for just 58 pence per person, Lasagna at 97 pence each, Chicken Curry for 99 pence per portion and a Roast Chicken Dinner for £1.28 each. Gemma, who lives with partner Mel and their two children, said: “We’ve noticed our food shop budget has increased regularly over recent months, especially when you look to buy small items such as yoghurts which were 95 pence and now have gone up to £1.20.“It’s difficult to stick to a sensible budget not only as a family but especially for someone on a bodybuilding diet which is why we began buying our meat in bulk from MuscleFood." READ MORE: Pensioners should have received cost of living payment - check now The price of the family's monthly food shop has gone down a lot since using the hamper, combined with some careful planning as well as keeping portion sizes under control.Gemma added: "It's about making the meal simple and not overcomplicating it and finding a cheap and nutritional meal to feed everyone.“Another family favourite is a Sunday Roast for the family costing £1.28 each. Once you have the meat, the rest of the ingredients aren’t overly expensive.” Gemma and Mel also made changes to their snacking habits and started looking for cheaper ingredients when out shopping. DON'T MISSinflation rate in the UK drops to 10.5% [ALERT]State pension triple lock increase means 'better year' for older Brits [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis warns millions of cash ISA savers are being underpaid [WARNING] Gemma continued: “We were spending £8 on steaks just because we thought it was the best meat out there, but there are so many cuts of meat with the same nutritional benefits and cost less to buy.“We’ve also adapted our snacking habits, avoiding chocolate bars and crisps and opting for protein-rich alternatives.”Gemma has been bodybuilding seriously for around two years and shares their fitness journey on Instagram with their partner Mel said: “We both work out as a couple and set out goals for the year, we’re currently looking to start up our own coaching business - Proud Strength, once we have completed our PT qualifications. They added: “Prices are only going to keep rising this year, so we’ve shared a few tips to follow to help people save money on their food shops and keep healthy without spending a fortune.”     Gemma and Mel’s three essential tips: "Ignore the first shelves in the supermarket. Don’t fall for the big price-slashing signs and immediately put the items in your trolley. While it may be appealing at first thinking you’ve secured a bargain, you’ll be left feeling different when it comes to the checkout."Plan your meals. Go into the food shop with the mindset of what you already have in the freezer and the cupboards so you’re not spending double on ingredients. If there are meats at home, keep in mind that you may only need a couple of quid to spend on mushrooms and peppers."Sticking to sensible portion sizes is one of the biggest factors in keeping fit and healthy. Having larger meals can not only be unhealthy if it’s not balanced right, but it can lead to excess waste if you can’t finish the meal."  Which?’s supermarket food and drink inflation tracker records the annual inflation of tens of thousands of food and drink products across three months at eight major supermarkets - Aldi, Asda, Lidl, Morrisons, Ocado, Sainsbury’s, Tesco and Waitrose - to see how inflation is impacting everyday products. The price of basic groceries such as butter, milk and cheese soared by up to 30 percent year on year in December, according to Which?’s inflation tracker. One Bristol resident shared how she has joined a local food club which helps her save up to £100 a month by paying a £3.50 weekly fee. Elaine Wishart told Express.co.uk: “It’s open to anyone and you pay £3.50 a week and it’s what supermarkets are about to throw away. They bring it to a food club and you can pick what you want from different stations. I reckon each week I get about £20 to £25 worth of stuff for £3.50 and you never know what you are getting." 