On her Twitter, Susanna typed: “RATINGS: Wow! What a return to the New Year. @GMB peaked at over 1 million viewers and achieved its highest share since June 2021.   “So proud of the team & what we bring you the viewers, every morning. “The issues that matter plus moments of joy. Thank you for watching," she added. In response, @hogmagandy said: “We're mostly watching to laugh at Madley, though.” @ohhellotroll replied: “Yes but Richard Madeley made a fool of himself again.” READ MORE: Sue Holderness brands Harry and Meghan's Netflix show 'tedious' Richard sparked an online backlash from Good Morning Britain viewers during today’s programme as they accused his "irritating" interruptions of making interviews "impossible to listen to". The broadcaster led discussions on the ITV morning show alongside co-host Susanna Reid, and both were criticised as some interviews saw the duo and guests "talking over each other". Richard came under fire for cutting in with statements as Good Morning Britain guests attempted to speak, and some went as far as "switching off". During one segment, ITV doctor Hilary Jones joined the presenters to discuss the NHS crisis, and some fans cringed as Madeley continued to cut in while the medical professional was speaking. The doctor talked about the overwhelmed NHS and decided to share messages he had seen in a WhatsApp group from NHS staff. He began by reading one which said: "'At our hospital, we have such a long wait to get into the acute medical unit that we have a junior doctor on the roster called 'car triage'. "This means they spend their whole shift checking on people waiting outside in their cars.'" As he was about to comment and elaborate, Richard clarified: "Car triage?"  DONT MISS:Ola Jordan slips back into Strictly catsuit amid 3.5 stone weight lossJennifer Lopez goes braless in unseen wedding pics with Ben AffleckKarren Brady blasts 'self-obsessed' Meghan as Kate honours Queen Hilary confirmed and was set to continue his point when Madeley went on: "So hang on, a doctor specifically assigned to go out to the car park?" "Yes, to check on people in cars because there's no room in corridors..." the doctor explained. "And that's the only thing that they do on their shift? They're in the car park?" the broadcaster added The doctor moved on to a new message, in which he explained how one concerned person had shared a story about staff being forced to kick a patient from a bed into a corridor to move a more critical patient into the room. "So, they had a patient who was dying?" Susanna chimed. "In a corridor," Hilary confirmed, to which Susanna continued: "In the corridor, they had to remove a patient who was being cared for in a bed because they were in a better state so the dying patient could have a bed..." Hilary confirmed to the shocked presenters, but some fans of the show wanted to hear more from him.