It’s been a tragic last few years for Elvis Presley’s family. Back in 2020, The King’s only grandson Benjamin Keough died by suicide at just 27 and now the late singer’s only child Lisa Marie Presley has followed him at 54. Elvis, his parents and his grandmother are buried in the Meditation Garden next to the Graceland mansion in Memphis, Tennessee. Benjamin joined them on the other side of the fountain, following his death and now his mother will be laid to rest next to him. According to ABC News, a public memorial service for Lisa Marie Presley will take place on the front lawn of Graceland, where she honoured her father Elvis on his 88th birthday just four days before her death. The special event will take place on Sunday, January 22 at 9am CST (3pm GMT) ahead of her being buried next to her son Benjamin in the Meditation Garden. The family have urged those who had wanted to lay flowers to instead donate to The Elvis Presley Charitable Foundation, a nonprofit that supports charitable organizations focused on arts, education and children's programs in the Memphis area. The King's daughter inherited her father's property when he died in 1977 and it's been a tourist attraction for over 40 years, so what lies ahead in its future? Long before her death, Lisa Marie told USA Today: “Sometimes there are rumours about [Graceland] being sold. And that is NEVER going to happen. There's always a rumour. It is NOT getting sold. Graceland was given to me and will always be mine. And then passed to my children. It will never be sold.” And now Graceland have confirmed exactly what will happen.  A representative of Graceland, which Elvis bought in 1957, told PEOPLE that the property, which is in a trust, will benefit Lisa Marie’s three daughters. Upon Elvis’ death on August 16, 1977, she was only nine-years-old, so the executor of the estate became her grandfather Vernon Presley. Upon his death in 1979, it went to her mother Priscilla Presley, now 77, who realised something had to be done or they’d be forced to sell Graceland. So, in 1982, the mansion was opened up to the public for tours. The ownership of the property remained in a trust that was dissolved upon Lisa Marie's 25th birthday in 1993, when she took full ownership of her family home. READ MORE: Elvis ex Linda Thompson pays tribute to Aloha From Hawaii 50th Lisa Marie formed The Elvis Presley Trust to manage the proper along with her mother Priscilla and the National Bank of Commerce. Given that Riley is 33 and her younger sisters are still children, it will be interesting to see how the estate is managed going forward. Whatever the case, it looks clear that the Meditation Garden will remain the last resting place of the immediate Presley family and Graceland will continue to be open to the public as a museum for fans to enjoy. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 116 123 or visit a local Samaritans branch. SOURCE