Dave Myers appeared on the BBC Breakfast sofa on Tuesday where he spoke with Sally Nugent and Jon Kay about his health. The TV presenter and chef, who got diagnosed with cancer last year, told the hosts he was feeling ok and was hoping to start filming for his BBC cooking show. Sally began: "That looks incredible but I'm gonna ask you first of all how you are because you've been poorly recently." "Yes, I have," Dave replied before adding: "I have been having treatment for cancer. "It is still ongoing but I am kind of doing alright and you know, it's like many people, it is something that one learns to live with. "But I'm delighted my hair... it's thicker hair than before I had the chemo." READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer "How did you manage that?" Sally asked as Dave replied: "I don't know. "My wife said I look like Victor Hugo and Kingy said I look like Billy Idol's grandad." Turning his attention to 2023, the chef said: "This year I don't know, I think I might get back to filming. "You know the good old BBC has been brilliant with us.  "They have followed us, 'How you doing?' and stuff but it will have to fit in with treatment. "So more buts, more work hopefully and more sitting on your sofa." Fans were also thrilled to see Dave on BBC Breakfast with many complimenting him on how well he looked. Tina wrote: "Wonderful Dave Myers on BBC just now. He looks fantastically well long may it continue." DON'T MISS...Jennie Bond questions Prince Harry's intentions in scathing rant  [VIDEO]BBC Breakfast's Jon Kay airs concern as co-host says 'can't carry on' [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Cathy Hope lie in Bob DNA twist [SPOILERS] User @nerdbirdno1 said: "@HairyBikers Great to see Dave Myers on BBC Breakfast. "What a great bloke, positive and enthusiastic. Stay well, Dave. Much love." While Ricky added: "Good to see Dave of @HairyBikers back and looking well! #BBCBreakfast." "@HairyBikers Great to see you both back in a new series chaps! Back on your travels with great food..," Gregory wrote. Before Christmas, Si and Dave appeared on Matt Tebbutt's Saturday Kitchen in one of their first TV appearances together. Dave admitted to the TV presenter that: "I didn’t think I’d be here for Christmas." “It’s lovely to be back,” he explained. “It’s been a rough year Matt, I can’t pretend otherwise. “But with the help of, I’ve got to give a shout-out to the doctors and nurses in Birmingham, they put me back together and rehabilitation people have got me walking again." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.