Emma Raducanu is out of the ASB Classic in Auckland after retiring hurt in the opening game of the third set of her match with Viktoria Kuzmova. In a contest where momentum fluctuated, the tie was poised at 6-0, 5-7 when the Grand Slam winner picked up an ankle injury which forced her to concede the match, casting serious doubt on her participation in this month's Australian Open. A quick clash seemed inevitable as Raducanu breezed through the first set 6-0, and then broke serve in the opening game of the second. But Slovakian player Kuzmova responded, breaking the British No 1 twice to take control of the second but at 5-4, and serving to level the match, she faltered and was broken back. The world No 155 regained her composure though, holding serve before fashioning three set points on Raducanu's serve. She only needed one of them to force a decider, but then proceedings were halted as Raducanu called for a medical timeout. After receiving lengthy treatment from the physio for an ankle injury, the world No 78 was passed fit to continue. But just two points into her service game, it became clear she was unable to carry on and conceded a walkover. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic gives blunt response as Serb asked about USA banning him from two events And there are now huge question marks as to whether the 20-year-old will be ready for the first Slam of the year, with the action starting at Albert Park on January 16. The problem is the latest in a long line of injury problems for the star, who has been plagued by form and fitness issues since her incredible US Open win in September 2021. In a bid to build-up her physical fitness, Raducanu recently linked with Andy Murray's former fitness guru Jez Green. And prior to the ASB event, she had hailed his impact and opened up on the training they'd undertaken: “In the beginning because it’s new and because you’ve been playing tennis all year, you’re quite pumped and motivated to get in the gym so you can do two sessions a day easy and bosh it out like no problem," she said. DON'T MISS:Novak Djokovic gives blunt response as Serb asked about USA banning him from two eventsNovak Djokovic reveals Nick Kyrgios has set condition for practice match ahead of Aus OpenNovak Djokovic 'makes offer to Nick Kyrgios' as rivalry put to one side in Australia “You can even get yourself motivated for the cardio sessions. But it then becomes after a long period of time to just be in the gym it can become a bit like mundane and you need to try and get yourself through it. That’s why you need strong discipline and will power and also good people." Raducanu had won her opening match to 2023 in Auckland, beating teenager Linda Fruhvirtova in her first round match. She came through 4-6 6-4 6-2 against the 17-year-old Czech in a rain-affected match.