Love Island's second-ever winter edition is well underway with love triangles, gossip and feuds galore. The ITV dating show saw another dramatic development with Tom's antics becoming the talk of the villa. It has since been revealed someone is going to be leaving the show unexpectedly tonight at the hands of another islander. She went on to say about the scandalous moment: "When I say he's a busy boy, yeah...". READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss Tanya continued: "What a little player! It gets worse. After that kiss, Tom came down and said to Shaq, 'Oh yeah...' He was like, 'Come on, bro. What happened?' "And he was like, 'Oh nothing. She is flirty though.' "He didn't even tell the boys. That's why I'm thinking Tom is sneaky. He's not just a nice guy anymore." The episode ended with Zara making her way over to tell Olivia what had happened, refusing to sit on "this bad boy piece of information". The explosive scenes after Olivia is told the truth have yet to air but it has already come out someone will be leaving the villa. Islanders are going to receive a text, telling them they need to decide which of their fellow contestants is going to be kicked out. It has also been teased the choice to send someone home was left in just one person's hands. Talking to The Sun, an insider said: "Love Island was chaos last night after the stars were told one of them would be leaving. DON'T MISS...Pamela Anderson 'realised no one has perfect childhood' in look-back [FAMILY]Amanda Holden doesn't want daughter 'anywhere near Love Island' [EXPLAINER]Love Island sickness tears through the villa [SPOILER] "The drama was ramped up a notch when the decision then fell to one of the contestants to choose the fate of one of their co-stars. "Fans will be screaming at the TVs when they see the decision this person is left to make." They added how the "intense" moment is going to "rock the villa". The insider added to The Sun how it was "an intense moment" in the villa. Of course, fans were lapping up all the over-the-top drama from last night's show. One fan tweeted: "Notice how Zara didn’t hesitate to tell Olivia regardless of their beef that’s a REAL girls girl #loveisland." A second said they "loved" Zara not sitting on the information and another added: "Nah Zara is me, as if I can find out my enemy has been disgraced by the same man she took from me and I’m not gonna be the one to tell them [sic]." Love Island continues Sunday to Friday at 8pm on ITV2.