Janet Street-Porter was joined on the Loose Women panel by Frankie Bridge, Ruth Langsford and Kelle Bryan to debate thinly plucked eyebrows becoming trendy once again. Frankie was strongly against bringing back the 1990s brow as she was proud of her fuller eyebrows. However, Janet ended up teasing The Saturday's singer about her appearance. The 76-year-old Loose Women star told Frankie her eyebrows were like "caterpillars" as the debate heated up on Monday. However, it was host Ruth who started the discussion as she highlighted Frankie's bold brows first. Ruth shared: "We're going to be trying out the [thin eyebrows] trend ourselves. "Even Frankie, who loves her thick eyebrows." READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan  Janet started laughing as Frankie replied: "I do, and Janet loves them even more." Janet swiped back at Frankie: "Those caterpillars..." Luckily, Frankie took the jibe well and revealed it was a running joke she shared with Janet. Frankie explained: "It's a thing we have going," before Janet quipped: "Those furry caterpillars that live on her face."   Frankie looked a little irritated and said: "All right Janet." The attention moved away from Frankie and on to Janet later on in the ITV show when the latter was likened to Spock from Star Trek. Edited pictures were shown to viewers of what the panel would look like with thin eyebrows, which made the audience laugh. A pair of straight thin brows were stuck to Janet's fringe which promoted Ruth to compare her to Spock. DON'T MISS...Eamonn gave Ruth graphic wake-up call as ‘bone stuck out of shoulder’ [UPDATE]Denise Welch fumes as Meghan's blamed for Morgan and Clarkson sacking [LATEST]The Masked Singer fans 'rumble' Pigeon as Loose Women star [REACTION]   The attention moved away from Frankie and on to Janet later on in the ITV show when the latter was likened to Spock from Star Trek.  Edited pictures were shown to viewers of what the panel would look like with thin eyebrows, which made the audience laugh.  A pair of straight thin brows were stuck to Janet's fringe which promoted Ruth to compare her to Spock.  The eyebrow debate sparked a reaction on Twitter as viewers were divided over the 1990s brow made famous by stars like Pamela Anderson and Drew Barrymore. Lindsey said: "Why do beautiful women feel like they need to do that to their eyebrows? Frankie nooooo." (sic) Sullivan shared: "Frankie's eyebrows look fantastic #LooseWomen." @Shrimpsy added: "Eyebrows look much better, just slimmer, not thin but not slugs either, and with a nice arch shape, Frankie's are too much #LooseWomen."  Tony penned: "Thick eyebrows look ridiculous." Terry commented: "Can't stand Frankie's eyebrows, the whole pushing them up is a new trend that I just hate! Bring back the thin brows." Elsewhere on the show, the panel spoke to comedian Al Murray about his latest project. Loose Women airs on weekdays from 12.30pm on ITV and ITVX. 