If your bathroom or kitchen tiles haven’t been updated for decades, it may be time to give them a revamp. However, replacing tiles doesn’t come cheap. Tiling is one of the easiest ways to make your home more appealing to prospective buyers while also giving your home a luxurious finish. Not only are tiles attractive, coming in a plethora of shapes, sizes, colours, but they are also highly practical for high-traffic areas of the home such as kitchens and bathrooms. They’re often hard-wearing, resistant to water damage and wipeable - making them a great option around little ones. With so many options available, pricing a tiling job can be tricky. The type of tile, the style and design of the tiling, the size of the area being tiles and the location of the tiles can all impact how much it’s going to cost you. According to Checkatrade, the cost of a tiler tiling around a bath will cost around £200 to £300. The average cost of tiling a kitchen is £97 per m2. Furthermore, the average labour cost of a tile is around £250 per day. While re-tiling will add luxury and value to your property, there’s no denying it’s an expensive job - and rightly so. However, Vincent Murray, a store manager at leading decorating and DIY specialist Leyland SDM, has shared exclusively with Express.co.uk the most effective ways to revamp tired bathroom tiles without ripping everything out and starting again. READ MORE: ‘Tacky’ interior trends to avoid that make your home appear ‘cheap’ Vincent said there are two main options when it comes to a tile refresh: regrouting or repainting. He explained: “Replacing the grout between the tiles or painting the tiles is a great way to completely refresh a bathroom without breaking the bank. “Some people may feel daunted about working with bathroom tiles but they shouldn’t. Both regrouting and repainting are very achievable for most people with even modest DIY experience. “If the grout looks old and dirty and is past the point of recovery through cleaning and scrubbing, replacing it would definitely be my first port of call.” What you will need: Vincent said the first thing to do is to remove the existing grout using a manual grout removal tool or an electric grout remover. DON'T MISS‘Best’ washing machine setting for ‘significant’ savings on bills [INSIGHT]‘Brilliant’ 95p spray to remove tough oven glass stains in 5 minutes [UPDATE]'Best' method to clean damp walls to make mould 'disappear'  [ANALYSIS] Wearing safety goggles and being careful not to damage the tiles, chip away at the old grout until it’s removed. This is a straight-forward task but it can be hard work and time-consuming. Vincent recommended using a waterproof, anti-mould grout and applying it using a grout float if it’s a large area, or a grout spreader if it’s a small area. Ready-mixed grout is far easier to use. Rather than opting for white, you could opt for a contrasting colour like grey grout, for example. Work the grout into the gap between the tiles and clean off the excess as you go, using a grout finisher tool for a neat finish. What you will need: “Painting tiles is not as difficult as you might imagine – but preparation is key,” said Vincent. “Thorough cleaning with sugar soap and warm water is crucial. A steam cleaner will also work well if you have one available. Make sure you rinse the tiles and allow plenty of time to dry.” Vincent said any cracks and chips in the tiles should be repaired next, using specialist filler to make the surface as smooth as possible. Sand the filled areas using fine-grit sandpaper and wipe away any dust. READ MORE: Save over £800 on your gas bill by adding DIY ‘barrier’ to home Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The tiles must next be treated with primer so that the new paint sticks to the tiles. Apply a thin layer and, once dry, lightly sand again. Next, it’s time to paint. Using specialist tile paint, apply a thin layer and avoid using large brush strokes if possible. Vincent added: “I’d recommend using a paint brush rather than a paint roller as there will be less chance of the paint peeling off afterwards. “In most cases, you’ll need two coats of paint but if you’re covering darker or patterned areas then it might need more. Leave a minimum of 24 hours between coats for the paint to dry properly.” Finally, apply sealer to increase longevity and protect the tiles from grease and dirt. Martin Winterburn, marketing manager at Total Tiles, part of CMOStores.com, said porcelain, glass or ceramic tiles will take to tile paint well. He also advised ensuring the area is wiped clean of any dirt or grease before you start painting and to patch up any grout cracks before you start. “A few even brush strokes later and you’ll have an entirely new tiled area without breaking the bank,” he added. The tile expert also suggested changing the colour of your grout to inject a new lease of life into a room. He said: “Re-grouting is a simple, cost-effective DIY job which can entirely change the look of the room.” Martin also shared his advice for cleaning and maintaining tiles so they look their best for longer. He also shared a nifty idea for those with broken tiles. Polished tiles are a popular choice for showers and wet rooms, thanks to their gleaming surfaces and availability in a wide range of colours and sizes. However, it’s worth remembering that in hard water areas, polished tiles may dull down over time. Use a good quality limescale remover to regularly wipe down the tiles to prevent water stains and help keep your tiles looking as good as new. Remember, polished natural stone tiles may require specialist products to help maintain them, so check with your supplier. It’s likely you bought more than you needed for your last tiling project so you’re always prepared if there’s breakage. However, rather than leaving any leftover tiles to sit in a box for years to come, homeowners can get creative with them in other areas of the home. For example, broken tile pieces could be turned into a mosaic mirror or used to revamp a tired table. You could also create a small feature in the bathroom or kitchen using leftover tiles or take them outside and spruce up your patio. As well as tiles, grout needs cleaning too. Due to its porous nature, grout can become stained and attract dirt, mould and mildew. Homeowners can use bleach, bicarbonate of soda, white vinegar to specific grout-cleaning products to give grout an effective clean. For somewhere like the kitchen floor, steam mops are a great alternative to give both tiles and grout a deep clean, keeping them in good condition for longer. Once the grout has been cleaned, it's worth considering using a grout protector to add an extra layer of protection to both walls and floors. Fairly inexpensive and readily available in tile shops or general DIY stores, grout protectors provide additional water and stain resistance, making them ideal for both the bathroom and kitchen – particularly around cookers, where staining can be a problem.