Last Sunday the popular ITV show made its return as the first batch of celebrities made their debut. Love Island winner Ekin-Su's silver and nude catsuit has sparked an uproar with viewers many complaints to Ofcom.  Performing with professional skater Brendyn Hatfield for this year’s competition, the duo skated their first routine to Britney Spears' Toxic. Making her debut, the 28-year-old wore a glitzy silver and nude skintight catsuit which many were left unimpressed with. Following her appearance, the broadcasting watchdog received 112 complaints from viewers concerning her risque wardrobe choice. The outrage from the public could also have played a part in the reality star being one of the first stars fighting to stay in the competition in the upcoming skate-off. READ MORE:Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz  On the night, fans took to social media to share their fury over her daring outfit with some stating it was too sexy to be shown on air before the watershed at 9pm. Social media user EN52871824 said: "That's not the worst thing about her act, the outfit and dance moves completely inappropriate for a family programme....if it's going to seedy and disgusting then put it on after 9.” DamesSfuller158 added: “Totally inappropriate outfit. It's a family show". StuartB55693596 slammed: “That's a post-watershed outfit."   FlopsyPickle commented: “Isn’t this a family show? Why’s she dressed or should I say not dressed and writhing on the floor with her a**e in the air? This isn’t Love Island, that was a mess.” Twitter user geordiejoolz added: “I'm no prude but I was panicking we were going to see what she had for breakfast there with that outfit” Carol44698330 swiped: “Why was Ekin-Su half naked? Sexy routine? I felt I was watching something else [sic].” Although Ekin and Brendyn were given a respectable score of 21.5 by judges Ashley Banjo, Oti Mabuse, Christopher Dean and Jayne Torvill, it wasn’t enough to save them.  DON'T MISS... 24 Hours in A&E viewers emotional as teen suffers cardiac arrest [REACTION] Maya Jama distracts Love Island viewers as they praise 'unreal' look [LOVE ISLAND] Coronation Street viewers spot blunder in Summer Spellman kidnapping [SOAP]  When it came down to the public vote, Ekin was visibly shocked and disappointed they hadn’t done enough to keep them out of the bottom. She’ll find out which other celebrity she’ll be up against on Sunday evening when the remaining contestants make their debut. Whoever then receives the lowest amount of votes will then have to fight for a place to remain in the competition against Ekin-Su. At the top of the current leaderboard, with an impressive score of 29.5, are Olympic Nile Wilson and his partner Olivia Smart.   On the other end of the scale at the bottom is Michelle Heaton and professional skater Łukasz Różycki. After they performed their routine, the former Liberty X star was left emotional as she felt as though she’d let down her skating partner. Speaking to host Phillip Schofield and Holly Willougby, she said: “It feels so special to be here, I'm really enjoying every minute. “He's (Lukasz) just been amazing and I'm so sorry." Getting teary, her partner hugged her as he reassured her there was nothing to be sorry for. Dancing on Ice continues Sunday on ITV from 6:30pm