President Joe Biden is reportedly preparing for a second run at the White House in 2024, in spite of objections from his own party. It is thought that Democrat voters are hoping for a younger candidate, as according to a CNBC poll conducted in December, 57 percent do not want President Biden to run again. The 46th President turns 82 on November 20 2024, just a few weeks after the US presidential election. The Democrats faired better than expected in the November midterms, with President Biden believing he is the best candidate to attract independent voters and industry workers, according to The Telegraph. A former member of his staff told the newspaper: "His vanity and self-aggrandisement mean he can't process the idea that he's not doing a great job." His announcement is expected to come during the annual State of the Union address in Congress, thought to be in February.  Donald Trump recently declared that he would seek the Republican nomination for 2024, which is thought to have encouraged the current POTUS even more. Him and his wife Jill began meeting with advisers to discuss strategy as early as September. A former Biden staff member said: "The media generally overstate how Bidenworld is this huge world of people."  READ MORE: Joe Biden attacked for being ‘hard at work’ playing golf Members of the so-called "Bidenworld" include chief of staff Ron Klain, who the staff member has accused of "taking up all the oxygen" in the room. Other "Biden whisperers" include White House senior advisers Mike Donilon and Anita Dunn. Mr Donilon was the chief strategist behind President Biden's successful 2020 campaign, while Ms Dunn was communications director in the Obama White House, and is a veteran of six Democrat presidential campaigns.  DON'T MISS:NHS facing ‘much worse’ pressure than during peak of Covid pandemic [LATEST]Shoppers surprised after finding Easter eggs in stores at Christmas  [REVEAL]Queen Margrethe admits to ‘difficulties’ within Danish Royal Family  [REPORT] From January, the Republicans will have a narrow majority in Congress, making it extremely difficult for the Democrat President to pass any legislation. This would give him better opportunities to campaign, with his team planning to have him travel the country promoting the legislation that he has passed. In the 2024 campaign he will again tell voters that inflation is a global issue and he will continue to call Republicans "extreme" and the "UltraMAGA party". 