Sadly, scammers are continuing their nefarious techniques into 2023, and no one is spared from their intentions. Barclays shared the story of Greg, an innocent man who was simply watching television one afternoon when his doorbell rang. Upon answering the door, Greg was greeted by a friendly man who said he had been doing some building work in the area. When passing by Greg’s house, the man claimed he could see there was an issue with Greg’s roof. The man said he often saw this problem, but it was particularly dangerous if left alone. A worried Greg was reassured by the builder the problem could be fixed quickly as he knew exactly what to do. READ MORE: 10 key dates to look out for in 2023 for your money The pair stood on the doorstop and talked for quite a while, until eventually Greg was convinced to have the work done. The builder asked for a deposit, which he asserted was necessary to purchase the materials needed for the job. He told Greg providing him with this cash would ensure the work was started as soon as possible. Now totally convinced, Greg paid the deposit and the builder promised to come back the next day to start the work on the roof. DON'T MISSHMRC warning as ‘most pressing’ tax deadline looms in weeks [WARNING]Expat pensioners affected in 2023 - state pension, NHS and more [LATEST]Pension ’tax trap’ could befall Britons in 2023 [ANALYSIS] However, Greg never saw the man again, and the money he had paid for a supposed deposit also disappeared. Sadly, the man at the door was a scammer who had no intention of carrying out any work. His story about the roof was totally false, and Barclays said “it was a lie to pressure Greg into handing over money immediately”. This type of scam is one which has been going on for years, however as scammers can be persuasive, it could be easy to fall victim. READ MORE: Reducing thermostat can knock £300 off energy bills a year Another version of this scam could involve a fraudster commencing work and then asking for more and more money - higher than they originally quoted. Britons do not have to be helpless when it comes to doorstep scams, as they can protect themselves. If a person turns up at one’s doorstep unexpectedly, claiming work is necessary - individuals should always be sceptical. For a second opinion, a person could ask a friend, family member or a trader they know is trustworthy. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Similarly, individuals should never be pressured into buying something from a doorstep salesperson. Shutting the door is the best course of action if one feels uncomfortable. Finally, if parting with any cash for a trader, Britons should always do their research. This could involve reading online reviews, or speaking to someone who has had work carried out by the trader in the past. For those suspicious doorstep fraud is taking place, Action Fraud recommends reporting the salesperson to them, or Citizens Advice.