While the warning is largely seen in the context of Ukraine, there are perhaps even bigger implications for a looming conflict in Asia, with the potential for a Chinese blockade or invasion of Taiwan, the island democracy which the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) views as an integral part of China. This comes amid warnings that Britain's armed forces would run out of ammunition in days, while the UK apparently lacks the ability to defend itself against the level of missile and drone strikes which Ukraine is currently facing. It is already believed that the US Air Force could run out of advanced long-range munitions in weeks if war erupted.  Taiwan may seem a long way from Britain but given London's recent defence agreement with Japan, the AUKUS security pact with Australia and the US, and the UK's longstanding ties with Washington, it seems improbable that the UK would sit this one out. Indeed, aside from the colossal economic implications of such a war - not least the huge supply shock due to Taiwan's enormous role in the global semiconductor supply chain - should the CCP gain Taiwan, it would break through the 'first island chain' which currently blocks CCP dominance over the western Pacific as well as the sea lanes which the likes of Japan and South Korea depend on. Put simply, the shift in the balance of power both in the Asia-Pacific and wider world could be immense. For the US, the implications could be beyond measure, including the potential collapse of the US dollar as the world's reserve currency (a major reason for dollar dominance is the US Navy's role as the guarantor of international free trade). Have the UK and wider West made serious preparations not just on the military front but economic one as well? Are there contingency plans for the mother of all economic shocks which could send living costs spiralling even more than today? While Japan and Taiwan seem to view 2027 as a key date for a Chinese move, last week General Mike Minihan - head of US Air Mobility Command - predicted that China and the US will probably go to war in 2025 because of circumstances which would embolden CCP leader, Xi Jinping.  In the memo obtained by NBC News, Gen Minihan warned of the need to get ready by firing "a clip" at a target, and "aim for the head." Gen Minihan also ordered Air Mobility Command personnel to update their records and emergency contacts. He also alluded to presidential elections in both Taiwan and the US in 2024, and that the US will be “distracted". It is also possible a more pro-independence president is elected in Taiwan and a more hawkish one in the US, which could alter the calculations of the CCP. The latest prediction comes on the back of other warnings. In early 2021, Admiral Philip Davidson said China could attack Taiwan by 2027, while in late 2022, Admiral Michael Gilday, head of the US Navy, suggested the potential for a conflict as soon as 2023. China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) could stop short of a full-scale invasion, at least initially, and opt instead for a blockade, something which could choke Taiwan but still draw the US into war. Repeated PLA incursions into Taiwan's air defence identification zone - on top of live-fire exercises following then-US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's visit to Taiwan last year - could point to the beginnings of such action. Unlike Ukraine, Taiwan has no land borders for supplies to enter either before or after the PLA takes action, while the vast bulk of Taiwan's population and infrastructure is on the west coast facing China. Taiwan is also highly dependent on imports of food and fuel, likely running out of energy within weeks.   Again, the economic and security implications of a blockade or invasion would be felt worldwide, not least in a major trading and import-dependent country, like the UK. The CCP also has a window of opportunity - given the beefing up of defence by the US, as well as allies like Japan and Taiwan, and moves to decouple Western economies from China's - which it may feel pushed to capitalise on. Should Beijing wait too long, the West will have got weapons stockpiles back up after so many supplies have been sent to Ukraine, while Taiwan will be better defended, and the West will be better able to apply sanctions to China without harming itself. Having told the Chinese people that Taiwan will be unified with the mainland, and given that breaking through the first island chain is critical to CCP ambitions for superpower status, it seems hard to imagine that China will simply sit on its hands. What that means for Britain, in the context of recent warnings about the UK's own defence capabilities, is a matter of debate. Whatever else, Western countries and peoples would be well advised to start taking seriously the risk of catastrophic conflict erupting in Asia, a conflict the West - and Britain especially - seems both economically and militarily ill-prepared for. 