Anna-May Robey paired up with Haris Namani after her original partner, Kai Fagan, was "stolen" by Olivia Hawkins when Love Island returned to ITV2 on Monday evening. The 20-year-old from Swansea vowed to Express.co.uk she would not have sex during her time on the television show. Anna-May was warned about x-rated behaviour by her dad before flying out to South Africa for the show.   The payroll administrator shared with Express.co.uk how excited members of her family were about watching this year's series of Love Island. She explained: "At the start, they were like, ‘Are you sure you want to do this?’ But we have all watched the show together. "The day I left them I was sobbing but they told me to enjoy myself and have a good time." Anna-May admitted she has never been away from her parents for longer than a week before and will certainly miss them while she is in South Africa. READ MORE: Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz The brunette beauty also addressed being x-rated on television with another contestant. Anna-May insisted: "I definitely wouldn’t have sex on TV and I think it is very important what you say about people on the outside world. "My parents will be watching and my grandparents will probably be watching as well, so I don’t think that is something they want to see. My dad has already warned me about that. "We will wait until after Love Island, hopefully, if I find someone nice, but it won’t be happening in the villa."   Anna-May made quite the impression when she entered the villa on Monday wearing a bright red bikini which she paired with matching red lipstick. Several of the boys stepped forward to show their interest in her as host Maya Jama watched on. But the Islanders were thrown a curveball when bombshell Tom Clare entered the villa. Another two bombshells are due to walk into the villa and ruffle feathers on tonight's instalment of the reality series. DON'T MISS...Dancing On Ice backlash as Ekin-Su's performance hit with complaints [LATEST]Love Island first look: Newcomer Zara promises chaos with warning [BREAKING]Maya Jama will be 'as involved as I can' as viewers make comparison [INSIGHT]  Two Islanders will receive texts inviting them out on dates with the newcomers named Zara and David. One contestant admitted: “I think having the two new bombshells will definitely mix things up, it will get people sweating a bit.” Another added: “I’m absolutely buzzing a new girl is coming in!” Elsewhere on tonight's episode, Will Young heads over to Tom and says of his recoupling with Olivia: “Honestly, you are well better suited.”   Will adds: “It just means that I’ve got to graft a little harder now.” Later on, he says: “[I’ve] got to do a lot of grafting, do a lot of talking and try to take in as much as possible.” Newly single Will gets started the following morning by calling Lana Jenkins for a chat on the beanbags. Love Island continues tonight on ITV2 and ITVX at 9pm. 