Jenna Ortega has admitted she refused to say a key line during her role on the Netflix hit, Wednesday. The actress confessed to follow her instincts when it came to filming and suggested some changes to the script. The Addams Family returned to screens in November through the lens of the teenage daughter, Wednesday Addams (played by Jenna Ortega). The show followed her as she attended Nevermore Academy and became embroiled in a major murder mystery. However, as fans await news of a potential second series, Jenna has lifted the lid on key behind-the-scenes moments. The actress recently admitted to going off script after refusing to say a key line on the show. READ MORE: Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again During a Q&A, Jenna explained: “I remember there’s a line where I’m talking about a dress and initially she was supposed to say. “‘Oh my God I’m freaking out over a dress, I literally hate myself,’ and I was blown away because that sounded like… it was just a bunch of little things like that." She added: “I felt like we were able to avoid a lot of dialogue in an attempt to make her sound human.” Fans are well aware Wednesday has psychic abilities which made her a perfect candidate for Nevermore Academy. The school boasted of being an institution which nurtures outcasts, freaks and monsters. It stated: “Our mission is to help each student master their extraordinary abilities through world-class academics and unique extracurriculars.” This was the same school her parents, Morticia Addams (Catherine Zeta-Jones) and Gomez Addams (Luis Guzmán) attended. However, the school also accepted certain humans, without powers as both Gomez and Edgar Allen Poe attended and neither of them has any superpowers. DON'T MISS...Escape to the Chateau DIY mansion is being sold [INSIGHT]Catherine Zeta-Jones’ surprising reaction to Wednesday role [INSIGHT]Wednesday features flashback scenes with a young Morticia [INSIGHT]  Throughout the series, Wednesday was able to uncover an unsolved murder mystery which had involved her parents. She learned of Garrett Gates’s (Lewis Hayes) infatuation with Morticia had become an obsession and on the night of the Rave’N' Dance, he appeared with murderous rage. He fought with Gomez and near death, Gomez picked up a sword and impaled Garret, killing him, but he was never found guilty. As well as this major revelation, students at the school had begun going missing and Wednesday made it her personal mission to find out why.     As she tried to identify the killer and provide proof to the sheriff, the killer's identity became the biggest jaw-dropping moment of the show, which ended on an ultimate cliffhanger. Despite the show’s success, bosses have yet to confirm a second season on Netflix. However, the show could find a new home after rumours suggested season two could instead debut on Amazon Prime Video. While this has yet to be confirmed, viewers will have to stay tuned to see the outcome of Wednesday’s revelation. Wednesday is available to stream on Netflix.