Roberto Bautista Agut ended Andy Murray's epic Australian Open run in the third round on Saturday as he sent the Brit packing 6-1 6-7(7) 6-3 6-4. The Margaret Court Arena crowd continued to spur the three-time Major champion on but it was the Spaniard who prevailed in the end, and he was praised for showing his "understanding" towards the pro-Murray fans after the match. Murray's Australian Open run ended in the third round after two monumental five-set wins in his opening rounds. The former world No 1 played the longest match of his career with his latest finish in his second tie against Thanasi Kokkinakis but was unable to repeat his heroics against Bautista Agut despite taking an early break lead in the fourth set. The five-time finalist in Melbourne was back playing on Margaret Court Arena less than 48 hours after his five-hour-and-45-minute victory over Kokkinakis and the fans were out in full force once again to cheer him on to another comeback win. While some players would struggle to play against the crowd as well as their opponent, the 24th seed kept his calm and later admitted that he understood why they would want to side with the world No 66. “Always playing Andy in a Slam is very tough, he knows the game very well," Bautista Agut said during his on-court interview. "He knows very well how to play a Grand Slam match so I’m very happy how I managed all the nerves and all the tension during all the match and I could play very good tennis and I’m very happy about the win. Today was a lot of love for Andy I think.” JUST IN: Djokovic powers past Dimitrov despite Australian Open injury scare  John Fitzgerald, who was conducting the interview, was quick to praise the 11-time title winner for his attitude. "You are a very understanding man," he told Bautista Agut, who had the perfect response for both Fitzgerald and the Aussie Open crowd. "Maybe next round a little bit more for me," he laughed. The world No 25 is now the last remaining seed in his quarter of the draw and is hoping to capitalise in his bid to make a second career Grand Slam semi-final before pushing to go even further. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic clashes with umpire during Dimitrov Australian Open tieDjokovic receives response from Aus Open boss after 'drunk' fan rantDan Evans thrashed after friendly gesture as umpire issues apology   “Of course, I’m feeling well on the court, I think I’m competing well, I’m doing everything I can outside the court to try to play good matches and today obviously was very tough but in my way I could enjoy the match, the atmosphere, to play a big match in a Slam," he explained. "So that means that I’m doing good things outside so I think I’m prepared to play a good match in the next round." Before exiting the court, Fitzgerald paid tribute to the Spaniard once more on behalf of the spectators inside Margaret Court Arena, adding: "Thank you for your understanding, your class and your great play."