Zara Tindall, 41, a famous Olympic equestrian, enjoyed a lovely day out at Cheltenham racecourse with her family for New Year's Day. Zara was accompanied by Mike Tindall, 44, and their two daughters, Mia, eight, and Lena, four. The royal wore a blue version of Princess Beatrice's "Fold Finchley coat", which Zara paired with a gorgeous purple "Somerset Millinery Clara Fedora" to perfectly complement her outfit. Zara's coat featured a chic "Fold Britten Belt", and she completed the outfit with some elegant black Fairfax & Favor "The Brompton Over-The-Knee boots", perfect for the winter weather. The daughter of Princess Anne could be seen carrying her Lalage Beaumont "Odette Mini Palmellato Bag in Wine" which retails for a whopping £750. The description says: "Small-sized handheld palmellato calf skin handbag with detachable shoulder strap. READ MORE: Camilla has taken years off with food that makes you 'look younger'   "Handcrafted by skilled Italian artisans using traditional techniques, this beautiful and iconic medium-sized bag is suede lined and comes with a shoulder strap so that it can be worn either on the shoulder or cross body." Zara first debuted this handbag at Cheltenham in January last year in 2022. She later wore the bag at the same festival in March, and later on Christmas Day in 2022. Mike Tindall's wife accessorised with some simple gold hoop earrings, her £140,000 engagement ring, and a Rolex watch.  Mia Tindall appeared to wear a very similar style of coat to Zara, except her coat was in a pale grey colour. She paired this coat with a blue hair bandana, a turquoise dress, black tights and some light brown winter boots. Lena Tindall also stunned in a headband, except hers was black. The four-year-old looked gorgeous in the same red coat she wore for Christmas Day last week. The red dress coat with gold buttons looked familiar, not only because it was a classic. READ MORE: The change Camilla should make or risk looking 'unkempt and aged' In 2017, Lena's elder cousin Isla Phillips, then five, first wore the festive red coat for the annual Sandringham Christmas stroll. Isla, now 11, and her sister Savannah, 12, are the daughters of Zara's brother Peter Phillips and his ex-wife Autumn Kelly. They are the first cousins of Mike and Zara's three children — Mia, eight, Lena, four, and Lucas, one. The coat in question is the Monsoon "Elizabeth Coat in Red". The description says: "Featuring a detachable faux fur collar in leopard print, our Elizabeth coat will ensure her style stands out all season. "This double-breasted style features metal crest buttons, pockets, and an on-trend ruffle feature at the back." Unfortunately, as the coat was originally bought in 2017, it is no longer in stock so it is unclear how much the garment originally cost. Twitter user @princessannehrh tweeted: "Zara Tindall looking absolutely fabulous at Cheltenham today." Royal watcher @KatesPowerSuit replied saying: "She always looks so wonderful." 