Steve Barclay has become embroiled in a row with junior doctors, with the BMA claiming Mr Barclay cancelled talks with the body in order to do media appearances this morning. Speaking to BBC Radio 4, Mr Barclay had said: "I met with the unions again on Monday, I’m meeting further with the doctors’ unions later today. We want to work constructively with the trade unions in terms of this year’s coming pay review body." But the BMA said: "We see that Steve Barclay has told [BBC Radio 4 Today programme he is meeting with doctors later today. "Actually he cancelled the 9am meeting we agreed so he could do media, and a further meeting is not yet agreed. Hopefully it will be soon." However, the Department of Health and Social Care said the meeting was postponed, not cancelled "due to diary pressures including parliamentary business". A spokesperson for the Department said it has "already offered the BMA multiple alternative times for today, and we are working to reschedule". Speaking to Sky News earlier that morning, the Health Secretary refused to deny that individuals could be prosecuted for going on strike as part of the Government's new crackdown on industrial action. While Mr Barclay said the legislation is mainly concerned with the "behaviour of the unions more than the individual members", he did not deny that members could be prosecuted. The Government introduced its new anti-strike legislation to the House of Commons yesterday, as the country continues to be rocked by industrial action across a range of critical sectors. Sky's Kay Burley asked Mr Barclay: "What will you do if workers break the law and go on strike?" The Health Secretary responded: "This is about having a safety net there as they do in other European countries to ensure that there are minimum safety levels, minimum service levels in place. "We will debate this in parliament, we will look at how this will apply" But Ms Burley pressed him, saying: "You're not going to prosecute people if they break the law?" To this, Mr Barclay replied: "Its about the behaviour of the unions more than the individual members". But when pressed again by Ms Burley, who asked: "But what will you do if they break the law?", Mr Barclay refused to deny that individuals could be prosecuted. He said: "We're going to debate this - it will probably take about six months for the legislation to pass - so it will be scrutinised. We will debate this in parliament." The new law, which was introduced to the House of Commons yesterday, will set "minimum safety levels" for several industries, limiting their ability to take industrial action. Business Secretary Grant Shapps said the Government "absolutely believes in the right to strike" but is "duty bound" to protect the lives and livelihoods of the public. He added: "We don't want to use this legislation but we must ensure the safety of the British public." But union bosses have dismissed the plans as "undemocratic" and "unworkable".  Yesterday, head of the Trades Union Congress, Paul Nowak, said that if it became law the legislation would "prolong disputes and poison industrial relations - leading to more frequent strikes". He added: "This legislation would mean that when workers democratically vote to strike, they can be forced to work and sacked if they don't comply. "That's undemocratic, unworkable, and almost certainly illegal." Sir Keir Starmer said he would repeal the legislation if Labour came to power. The Labour leader said: "I don't think this legislation is going to work and I'm pretty sure they've had an assessment that tells them that. It's likely to make a bad situation worse." He said his party would evaluate what proposals the Government brings forward, continuing: "But if it's further restrictions, then we will repeal it." 