Maternal is a six-part series that revolves around three female doctors who return to work in the NHS post-pandemic after going on maternity leave. The ITV show will depict the reality of returning to work after COVID-19, on top of juggling a new family life. Express.co.uk has everything you need to know about the cast. Actress Parminder Nagra will play Dr Maryam Afridi who is returning to work after two years on maternity leave and finds her life more hectic than ever with two children under the age of two. On her return to work, an incident leaves Maryam questioning her priorities and what's really important in her life. Nagra was behind Dr Neela Rasgotra in the NBC medical drama ER for six years and starred as Jess Bhamra in the movie Bend It Like Beckham. Her latest role has been in the newly renewed crime series DI Ray as DI Rachita Ray. READ MORE: Holly and Phillip spark backlash as fans demand new DOI hosts Fans may recognise actress Lara Pulver for playing Erin Watts in the spy drama Spooks and Irene Adler in the BBC's adaptation of Sherlock. Some of her other parts have been in The Split, Fleming, The Alienist and Da Vinci's Demons. Her character Catherine MacDiarmid had an unexpected pregnancy with her daughter Ellis and is ready to get back to work as a surgeon. She is determined to successfully juggle a thriving career with her newborn and will do anything to keep everything working. Dr Helen Cavendish is a mum-of-three who struggles to find the perfect work-life balance, given the fact her husband works in the same hospital unit. She begins to question whether or not their marriage is really working but still tries to remain professional during office hours since she is perceived as the rock of the Acute Medical Unit. Actress Lisa McGrillis has been in Last Night in Soho, The Pass, Deadwater Fell, Inspector George Gently and Avoidance. One of her biggest roles to date has been as Kelly in the sitcom Mum, starring opposite Lesley Manville. DON'T MISS...Maternal creator on 'really hard' experience which inspired series [EXPLAINER]Vera fans distracted by Holby City star’s appearance  [REACTION]Mum’s the word when it comes to juggling parenthood and work [REVIEW] Guy Cavendish is Helen's husband who works as a consultant at the Acute Medical Unit. Their marriage is more on the rocks than ever after he had an affair with a 24-year-old colleague. Actor Oliver Chris is behind Julia's rarely seen husband Paul in the BBC comedy Motherland. Some of his other work has been in A Very British Scandal, Silent Witness, The Crown and the movie What's Love Got to Do with It? Jack Oliviera is a doctor at City General Hospital and one of Catherine's love interests. Actor Raza Jaffrey has been in The Serpent Queen, Homeland and Spooks where he met his real life wife and Maternal co-star Lara Pulver. Other cast members include: Raz Farooqu - Abhin Galeya Susan Fisher - Julie Graham Lards Nordstrom - Alexander Karim Maternal premieres on Monday, January 16, at 9pm on ITV1.