Joao Felix must agree to an extension to his Atletico Madrid contract before finalising a loan to Chelsea, according to reports. The Portugal international has agreed to join the Blues but a deal is yet to be completed. Felix has been linked with a number of Premier League clubs in recent weeks. Arsenal and Manchester United have both been interested in signing the versatile forward. However, it appears Chelsea are set to win the race for his signature. Felix is available on a loan deal and it has been widely reported the Blues have agreed to Atletico's terms, paying a loan fee of just under £10million. There will be no purchase option for Chelsea in the deal. But, according to Marca, one further development is needed. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  The Spanish newspaper says Atletico want Felix to sign a one-year contract extension before he leaves for west London. His current deal expires in 2026 but Atletico want it to be increased to 2027 to reduce the annual amortization and balance their accounts. The report says if this happens, then Felix's loan move to Chelsea for the remainder of the season will be announced. Felix has wanted to leave Atletico for several months and is set to be granted his wish despite starting Sunday's 1-0 loss at home to Barcelona. That match was just Felix's seventh start in La Liga this season. He has four goals and three assists to his name in 14 appearances in the top flight but has not seen eye to eye with manager Diego Simeone. Felix looks set to become Chelsea's fourth signing of the January window. Graham Potter has already brought in defender Benoit Badiashile from Monaco for around £35m. DON'T MISSMan Utd takeover info emerges with Glazers prepared to sell amid Amazon linksArsenal deal shot down as Mudryk told to join Chelsea for three reasonsRonaldo has already made feelings on Chelsea-bound Joao Felix clear  Young striker David Datro Fofana joined from Norwegian club Molde and made his debut as a substitute in the FA Cup loss to Manchester City at the weekend. Brazilian Andrey Santos has also signed from Vasco da Gama. Scoring goals has been a problem for Potter's side this season. They have just 20 goals in 17 Premier League matches, with deadline-day signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang yet to fire. Aubameyang was left out of the squad altogether for the trip to the Etihad. He has just three goals since joining, with only one of them coming in the Premier League. Felix has not been a prolific goalscorer at Atletico. He has scored 10 goals in each of his last two seasons in all competitions.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here