Police and fire crews were attacked with a petrol bomb, glass bottles and rubble, in what has been called “the most serious attack on firefighters in England” for years. Teenage thugs reportedly threw the petrol bomb and a heavy glass bottle at firefighters who were called to a car fire in West Denton, Tyne and Wear, at around 6.30pm on Saturday.  When the police arrived they came under attack from people who were throwing things, and two police cars were damaged.   Police officers tried to detain a group of people that were throwing items from a footbridge.   But one of the officers was assaulted before the group fled the scene. She received treatment for a head injury and is now recovering at home.   Three vehicles belonging to members of the public were also damaged in the incident.   It is alleged that six teenagers then stopped the fire crew from leaving the scene by using sandbags and fencing to block in the fire engine.  Chief Fire Officer Chris Lowther said during the shocking incident “crews from West Denton suffered some of the worst attacks I've known in my 26 year career".   Chronicle Live reports that there is now an exclusion zone in the area, meaning firefighters will not attend calls unless they have a police escort and a risk assessment has been carried out.   Mr Lowther added: "The firefighter's job is to protect the community and my job is to protect my firefighters.   “I've been in service for 26 years now and this is the worst attack that has happened in Tyne and Wear in all that time and I think it's probably the most serious attack on firefighters in England for a while."   "I know these firefighters and I was only speaking to them last week about what is happening in that area and they were genuinely shaken up and genuinely concerned.   “The glass bottle just whipped past the driver's ear. If that had hit him, it could have been life-changing injuries that he could have had."   And footage obtained by firefighters shows a green laser pen being shone into the crew's cab as they left the scene. READ MORE: Tories block Scottish law for first time in devolved history  Mr Lowther says it is very rare for such drastic action as an exclusion zone to be taken but he said it was necessary due to anti-social behaviour in the area. He added: "We as a community need to stop this happening. People will know who is doing this and they need to be reported. “They need to remember that firefighters are people's wives, husbands, sons and daughters and they deserve to go home safely after their shift.   "Firefighters risk their lives enough without being attacked by a very small, but very dangerous, minority in our community. The community of West Denton is better than this. “The community of Tyne and Wear is better than this. We are better than this and we've got to stop this together."  DON'T MISSPlane crashes: Some of history's worst aviation disasters [REPORT]Mafia 'boss of all bosses' Matteo Messina Denaro arrested in Sicily [REVEALED]Police honour bereaved five-year-old boy with motorbike escort [PICTURED]  And Chief Superintendent Helena Barron, Northumbria Police Area Commander for Newcastle and Gateshead, asked for the public’s support in bringing those responsible to justice.   She said: “This is absolutely abhorrent behaviour which will not be tolerated – acts of violence against emergency service workers are completely unacceptable and utterly senseless. “We wish the officer who was injured a full and speedy recovery. “We have launched an investigation and have been busy carrying out door-to-door and CCTV enquiries, as well as deploying extra officers in the area to carry out patrols. “We recognise this is a small minority of individuals and welcome the overwhelming support we receive from our communities. “We would ask that you continue to work with us, and we urge anyone who may have information about what happened to get in touch. Any detail, no matter how small, could really help. “Anyone found to have been involved will be brought to justice.” A 16-year-old boy was arrested in connection with the incident. He has since been released on bail. Anyone with information is asked to contact Northumbria Police on 101, or using the Tell us Something page on the force’s website, quoting reference NP-20220114-0811. Alternatively, people can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111. 