Manchester United hitman Wout Weghorst is primed to wear the No 27 shirt after leaked images of him in the jersey surfaced online. An announcement is imminent, with the forward also set to follow in the footsteps of Alex Telles and Marouane Fellaini by donning the number. Erik ten Hag is hopeful his compatriot can shine at Old Trafford, despite previously struggling in the Premier League with Burnley. Manchester United sprung a surprise earlier in the week when they announced the signing of Weghorst. Having previously been linked with the likes of Joao Felix and Alvaro Morata, many were surprised by the Red Devils’ decision to bring in the Burnley flop. Now, leaked images online show Weghorst will sport the No 27 jersey during his time at the club. And that means he’ll be following in the footsteps of Telles and Fellaini, among others, as they look to challenge for trophies during the second half of the season. Telles was given the jersey back in 2020, having touched down from Porto. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was hopeful that the Brazil international would be a genuine rival for Luke Shaw, having scoured the market for an alternative. But United have never seen the best from Telles and he’s currently spending the season on loan at La Liga side Sevilla. Before Telles, the shirt was occupied by cult hero Marouane Fellaini. Fellaini moved from Everton back in the summer transfer window of 2013 and, initially, wore the No 31. However, after the arrival of Bastian Schweinsteiger two years later, he then decided to take the No 27 instead. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Fellaini didn’t please everybody during his time at United, with some believing the Belgium international was never good enough to be at the club. Yet he was key under Jose Mourinho and Louis van Gaal and won three trophies during his time at the club. Federico Macheda took the number in 2009, having previously worn the No 41 at Old Trafford. And Mikail Silvestre, Terry Cooke and Gary Neville have donned the shirt in previous years, too. Weghorst has become United’s second signing of the January transfer window, following Jack Butland to the club. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here It’ll be intriguing to see how he fares back in England, having formerly scored just two league goals during his time at Burnley. Meanwhile, former Liverpool star Stan Collymore has questioned United’s decision to sign Weghorst - branding the forward a ‘big lump’ in a brutal assessment. “Wout Weghorst? I mean, what the, er, heck?” he wrote for The Mirror. “Is that where Manchester United, the world’s so-called biggest club, are now, the bargain basement at Poundland? “I had a lot of United followers saying trust the process on social media of late but this is a bloke who’s already on loan somewhere from Burnley. “And you can’t go from the Turkish Super Lig to one of the old’s biggest clubs and be expected to do this business. “He’s a presser, a big lump. United are supposed to play at the Theatre of Dreams but it’ll be the Theatre of Screams given they’re trying to sign Frankenstein. “There’s nothing about him that’s refined enough for United and if he becomes a club icon I will… Actually, don’t worry, he won’t.”