Over the weekend, the Princess of Wales announced the launch of her new campaign, which will aim to highlight “the critical importance the first five years of our lives have on shaping the adults we become”. The campaign will form part of Kate’s work for The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood. On Saturday, January 28, the Royal Family released the Princess of Wales’ open letter, revealing more about the campaign and detailing why it is so important to her. The letter was shared alongside two photographs of the Princess, surrounded by children. In the photos, Kate is wearing a teal pussy-bow blouse, a pair of slim, black trousers, and gold earrings. The blouse had a pussy-bow and seemed to be made of a silk material. It had a high neck and tight cuffs, adorned with gold buttons. READ MORE: Edward made 'extraordinarily informal gesture' to Sophie at wedding Although it is unknown where the garment is from, it seemed to be the same as the blouse she wore under her suit in Boston last year – it looked exactly the same, but was pink. Kate’s trousers, which were slim and ankle-grazing, could be her L.K Bennett Frieda cigarette trousers, which she has worn many times in the past, with both trainers and heels. To complete her outfit, Kate wore a pair of 18k gold plated hoops called the Alia hoops, designed by Welsh designer Hayley Jones. Hayley’s label, Spells of Love, is based in Wales, and Kate has been seen wearing her designs before.  The hoops are available to buy on the Spells of Love website in gold, rose gold, or silver, and cost £79. On its website, Spells of Love wrote: “Our Bestselling Alia Hoops. As seen on Kendall Jenner and HRH The Princess of Wales. “The ultimate hoops for any occasion, a big and bold statement piece that dresses up any outfit.” Kate’s brunette locks were styled in natural waves, falling over her shoulders, and she wore her usual make-up look of coloured-in brows, dark eyeshadow, and black mascara. She also wore a little lipstick, in a subtle shade of coral. READ MORE: Charlotte's 'best type of uncle and auntie' but it's not the Sussexes The images were taken at St John’s Church of England School, a primary school in East London. They show Kate talking and laughing with the schoolchildren, holding onto a toy. In her open letter, Kate wrote: “During our very early childhood, our brains develop at an amazing rate – faster than any other time of our lives. Our experiences, relationships, and surroundings at that young age, shape the rest of our lives. “It is a time where we lay the foundations and building blocks for life. It is when we learn to understand ourselves, understand others and understand the world in which we live. “But as a society, we currently spend much more of our time and energy on later life. I am absolutely determined that this long-term campaign is going to change that. “It will start by highlighting how we develop during early childhood and why these years matter so much in terms of shaping who we become. "I will be joined by a remarkable group of experts spanning science, research, policy making and front-line practice as well as an exciting group of well-known faces from music, sport and television, to show all of us, why it is in all of our interests to care about this. “We all need to know the critical importance of our early childhood. They really are years like no other in our lives. I urge everyone reading this, to take the opportunity to learn more about this incredible time of life, to think back to your own childhood and how it shaped you, and most importantly, to ask yourselves what you can do to make the world a more supportive and loving place for our children. “Because healthy, happy children shape a healthy, happy future.”