Buckingham Palace is included in King Charles' property portfolio, however, the King is still living at Clarence House when in London. When outside of London, Charles lives in Highgrove House in Gloucestershire and Birkhall in Scotland. Will 2023 be the year that the monarch and his wife Queen Camilla make the move into the 775-room palace? At present, Charles and Camilla remain living at their London base, Clarence House, as they have done since 2003. The property holds many memories for Charles as the Grade I listed building was, in fact, home to the Queen Mother for 50 years, until she passed away in 2002.  While there has been no official announcement about if and when the King will move to Buckingham Palace, there are a few reasons that His Majesty may be delaying the relocation.  Being settled in his current home is, of course, one reason, but there's a bigger issue preventing a speedy move and that's the major "reservicing" renovation project taking place at the palace. The official royal website explains the £369million changes: "The Palace's electrical cabling, plumbing and heating have not been updated since the 1950s. "The building's infrastructure is in urgent need of a complete overhaul to prevent long-term damage to the building and its contents."  Interestingly, the Royal Collection Trust website already brands the palace as "the King's official London residence and a working royal palace" and fans will have seen Charles at work at the royal residence so it could be his main home within the next year.   The grand palace boasts an incredible 775 rooms. Buckingham Palace also has 19 impressive State Rooms in addition to 52 royal and guest bedrooms. There are also 188 bedrooms just for palace staff, 78 bathrooms and 92 offices. The State Rooms of Buckingham Palace include the Music Room, the Blue and White Drawing Rooms, the Picture Gallery and the Throne Room. Heads of state from abroad often stay in the Belgian Suite, a suite of elegant rooms, during their official visits to the UK. READ MORE: Carole Middleton likely hosted Kate & Will on Boxing Day in £4.7 home  There are other rooms such as the 1844 Room which was designed for Tsar Nicholas I of Russia's state visit in the same year. Buckingham Palace also has a famous balcony which generations of royals have used to wave to the crowds of London from. The late Queen Elizabeth II last appeared on the balcony for her Platinum Jubilee finale celebrations in June 2022. First purchased by King George III for his wife Queen Charlotte in the 18th Century, Buckingham Palace remains a working royal residence today.  Garden parties and receptions are held at the residence throughout the year by members of the Royal Family. Buckingham Palace has also been the backdrop of royal wedding receptions like Prince William and Kate, Princess of Wales' in 2011. As well as choosing between Clarence House and Buckingham Palace, the monarch has an array of homes up and down the country. He has his country retreat Highgrove House where he likes to spend weekends, and now he's also inherited Balmoral, Windsor and Sandringham along with the crown where he can spend high days and holidays. 