Everything might be going up in price right now but Sky is actually promising to help customers get a much cheaper way to watch TV thanks to an update to the best Sky deals that's offering the lowest-ever price for premium television. In fact, those signing up for Sky's latest plans will pay as little as £24 per month with that price even including full access to Netflix Basic (worth £6.99). Getting this low cost is also incredibly simple as these deals all feature Sky's new Stream box. This diddy palm-sized device can be ordered online with it arriving in the post the very next day. There's no installation needed with users simply plugging in the box and connecting it to their Wi-Fi for instant access to hundreds of live and on-demand channels and content. As you can read in our full Sky Stream review Express.co.uk was hugely impressed by the simplicity of this telly box when it launched late last year with it offering a super simple way to get extra content beamed into living rooms. Sky is currently offering three packages which all feature the lowest-ever price. There's a standard plan which includes entertainment channels such as Sky Max and Sky Atlantic plus Netflix for £24 per month. Those who fancy bingeing on endless movies can add Sky Cinema and pay £34 per month or there's full Sky Sports access for £44 per month. READ MORE: Your Sky TV device is finally getting a long-awaited free upgrade this year All of these prices are cheaper than opting for Sky Q plus there's no need for a dish to be drilled into the walls or wires fed through the brickwork. The only thing that Sky Stream lacks over Sky Q is physical recordings with all content customers want to watch at a later date being stored in something Sky calls Playlists. This option uses both cloud recordings and online services such iPlayer to serve up shows, movies and boxsets once they've been shown on live TV. If the lack of an internal hard disk doesn't bother you and you fancy a cheaper and hassle-free way of watching Sky then Stream is a solid option. Here are all the latest Stream deals from Sky and what is included. Sky Stream • Standard planMONTHLY COST: £24 lowest ever priceINCLUDES: A Sky Stream box plus Sky Entertainment (over 30,000 shows) and Netflix Basic worth £6.99SET UP FEE: FREE • 18-month contractSEE THE DEAL HERE Sky Stream • Standard plan plus CinemaMONTHLY COST: £35 lowest ever priceINCLUDES: A Sky Stream box plus Sky Entertainment (over 30,000 shows), Sky Cinema and Netflix Basic worth £6.99SET UP FEE: FREESEE THE DEAL HERE Sky Stream • Standard plan plus Sky SportsMONTHLY COST: £44 lowest ever priceINCLUDES: A Sky Stream box plus Sky Entertainment (over 30,000 shows), all Sky Sports channels and Netflix Basic worth £6.99SET UP FEE: FREESEE THE DEAL HERE