Despite being viewed culturally as a time of celebration, the prospect of a New Year brings with it immense challenges for some. The number of suicides in England and Wales rose during the past year, yet remain below pre-pandemic levels. However, charities have warned of the dire mental health consequences of the financial hardship people have been experiencing throughout the year. Banding together in the face of this challenge, they have called on the Government for relief for the most impoverished in society while organising a range of awareness campaigns and fundraising activities.  New Year’s Day has long been associated with increased suicide risk – found to be 40 percent higher compared to the rest of the year, according to a 2016 study published in the Journal of Affective Disorders. There are a number of theories as to why this is the case. Some are believed to postpone taking their own life so that friends and family can enjoy Christmas. The effect of alcohol consumption on New Year’s Eve may also play a part – acting as a depressant while also removing inhibitions. The beginning of a new year is also inevitably a time for reflection. Looking back on a particularly challenging 12 months may make it hard to believe the year ahead will offer anything but more of the same. Images of celebration and optimism may seem to be everywhere – inviting dangerous social comparisons – but melancholy may in fact be the norm. An often-cited 2012 study found most Brits thought New Year’s Eve to be “the most depressing night of the year.”  In 2021, 5,583 people were recorded to have died by suicide in England and Wales according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS). Although this is up from 5,224 such deaths registered in 2020, the total remains below the 5,691 recorded in 2019, the last year before the pandemic. Broadly speaking, the annual number of suicides fell between the Eighties and 2007, yet this decline has been reversed in recent years. Rates of suicide, however, have remained stable at around 10 per 100,000 people since 2000. Commenting on the figures, Lourdes Colclough, Head of Suicide Prevention at Rethink Mental Illness, said: “We must remember that statistics can never truly reflect the mental anguish that someone feels before taking their own life, or the earth-shattering devastation that bereaved family and friends experience. “But today’s data does show that despite ongoing improvements in mental health awareness, we are not seeing a reduction in suicide rates.” READ MORE: Paramedic took his own life due to 'trauma he saw on the job'  Suicide risk varies depending on a variety of factors, not least the time of year. The long-term ONS data reveal men to be almost three times as likely to take their own lives as women. Last year in England, 3,852 men and 1,367 women died by suicide, working out to a rate of 15.8 per 100,000 men and 5.5 per 100,000 women. The North East of England was also found to have a significantly higher rate of suicide than other English regions in 2021, at 14.1 per 100,000 population. This was followed by the North West with 12.9 and the South West with 12.7. London reported the lowest rate of all, at just 6.6 per 100,000. DON'T MISS:Dog has been trapped down 'mine shaft' since Boxing Day [REPORT]Sailor shares fascinating footage exploring real-life 'ghost ship' [REVEAL]Remoaner claims UK 'only beginning' of Brexit impacts [LATEST]Inside Vivienne Westwood's home where she lived out her final days [INSIGHT]  Socioeconomic status also plays a large role. According to Samaritans, people living in the most deprived ten percent of areas in the UK are more than twice as likely to die from suicide than those living in the wealthiest ten percent of areas. Although the pressure of rapidly rising prices is affecting everyone, the impact of the current record-breaking levels of inflation is more severe for the poorest in society. Lower-income households spend a larger share of their budget on food and drink according to the ONS, making them especially vulnerable to the fastest-rising food prices since 1977. “Suicide is a complex issue, but we must recognise the role we all have to play in suicide prevention, including Government, and crucially the need to tackle many of the risk factors for suicide such as debt, financial stress and housing instability, which are affecting more people as the cost of living crisis deepens,” Ms Colclough added.   In November, Rethink Mental Illness and Samaritans joined forces with 17 other charities to write an open letter to the Prime Minister about the disproportionate toll the cost-of-living is taking on people's mental health. The UK’s many mental health charities are always at hand to support people throughout this most difficult time, and make their presence known through a number of events and fundraising activities. Mental Health UK is launching the #StartTheYearStrong campaign this upcoming January, where digital creators will stream original content to raise money for the charity. PAPYRUS is the UK’s charity for the prevention of young suicide. Between December 17 and January 8 they are orchestrating the Festival of Winter Walks, aiming to get more people outside, walking and starting safe conversations around suicide. If you are affected by any of the issues raised in this article, you can contact Samaritans for free, even from a mobile without credit, at any time of the day or night on 116 123. The number won’t appear on the phone bill. Alternatively, email: jo@samaritans.org. 