Chelsea have been busy in the transfer market this month, with owner Todd Boehly already splashing the cash to land six new players. The marquee January signing was Ukraine international Mykhaylo Mudryk, who moved to Stamford Bridge after being linked with a transfer to Arsenal. But the Blues have also brought in defender Benoit Badiashile, winger Noni Madueke, midfielder Andrey Santos and strikers Joao Felix and David Fofana. And Express Sport takes a look at the deals that need to be done for Chelsea to have a dream window. Chelsea are desperate for a new midfielder and have reportedly added Wolves ace Matheus Nunes to their list of transfer targets. Nunes, who only moved to the Black Country last summer, has piqued the interest of Liverpool this season following a string of impressive performances. But the Blues could hijack the Merseysiders’ attempts to sign the 24-year-old. Nunes isn’t the only midfielder Chelsea are in the hunt for as the Blues have also been linked with Benfica star and World Cup winner Enzo Fernandez as well as Brighton ace Moises Caicedo. The acquisition of Fernandez could prove to be difficult as his club are said to be demanding the player’s full £106million release clause is paid in one hit. And that could be a problem when it comes to Financial Fair Play rules as the Blues have already spent £420m on transfers this season. Chelsea have been put off Caicedo by Brighton’s transfer demands, according to the Evening Standard, with the south coast team said to be demanding in the region of £75m for the player. But the west London giants will be desperate to sign at least one of those midfielders before the end of the month. Caicedo might be the dream addition as a long-term defensive midfield replacement for N'Golo Kante. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Chelsea have made an improved bid of around £30m to sign Lyon defender Malo Gusto, according to the Daily Mail. Graham Potter’s team have been chasing the 19-year-old this month as they are keen to strengthen at right-back. If Chelsea secure a deal, they could be forced to loan the player back to Lyon for the rest of the season. But the Premier League team want him to move to west London immediately, with first-choice right-back Reece James suffering a string of injury problems this season. The Blues face a battle with Manchester United to get their hands on the teenager. But if they can persuade the player to move to the capital, his arrival would come as a huge boost to the side. DON'T MISS...Swansea ball boy kicked by Eden Hazard now has £40m fortuneLaura Woods wades into row over Arsenal boss Arteta's angry anticsChelsea target Gusto 'en route' as Boehly spending set to continue  As well as shelling out more money on new players, a dream end to the transfer window would see Chelsea clawing some cash back while offloading a number of stars who have fallen down the pecking order at Stamford Bridge. With so many new faces arriving at the club, the likes of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Hakim Ziyech, Kai Havertz, Christian Pulisic and Jorginho could soon be surplus to requirements. And the Blues would surely be happy to cash in on them. 