Kate Middleton appeared "totally at ease" and "unfazed" during her latest solo Royal Family engagement as she shrugged off the bombshell claims made in Prince Harry's memoir, Spare. The Princess of Wales visited a nursery school in Luton, Bedfordshire earlier today and was seen smiling broadly and high-fiving pupils. Kate looked elegant while wearing a vibrant red turtleneck top and long skirt that was accompanied by a black belt around her waist. Her latest solo engagement was in line with the Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood, which she established herself in 2021. But most strikingly, Kate looked totally unfazed by the backlash that resulted from Harry's bombshell book, which was released last Tuesday. Body language and behavioural expert Darren Stanton studied the Princess of Wales closely during her visit, and believes the release of the memoir from her brother-in-law has not had a "profound effect" on her. Instead, Mr Stanton said Kate's positive body language, voice pitch and eye contact show she is not displaying any signs of "distress or frustration". He said: "I don’t believe the release of Prince Harry ’s new book has had a profound effect on Kate. "From her body language, she appears totally at ease and isn’t showing any signs of distress or frustration. In fact, she’s even more confident as usual." "When someone is nervous, their voice pitch tends to go up or crack. However, while analysing videos of Kate from the day, her voice was completely on the same level, which denotes confidence. "Her posture appeared open and her eye contact was consistent with the non-verbal signals of a very confident person. She seemed very comfortable in her surroundings and her own skin. READ MORE: Camilla is more popular in the US than Meghan - poll "While some people may expect them to be fazed, it’s business as usual for Kate and William!" In a separate solo royal engagement today, Kate hosted a reception for England's wheelchair rugby league team at Hampton Court Palace to celebrate their World Cup title in November. The Princess of Wales was all smiles and said she, William and their three children - Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis had watched the final on television. She laughed as she told the England team: "You've set the bar high haven't you? Which is good." DON'T MISSHarry undermines Anne's work as he slams 'rigged' hardest-working list [LATEST]Meghan Markle's half-sister brands Harry 'emotionally underdeveloped' [VIDEO]Harry and Meghan’s popularity in US takes hit [POLL] When asked whether her children were interested in rugby, Kate replied: "We're always slightly competitive with each other. They all love sport and Louis is mad about rugby. They are at an age where they just love running around." The princess added: "I do it all: whenever I can squeeze in exercise I do, even jumping on the trampoline with the children before school." She then beamed as the players invited her and her family to join them in training at some point. Kate said: "I'd love to come and play. There's no excuse now. We're going to have to have a family training session." DON'T MISS Both Kate and her husband Prince William were in the firing line in Harry's book, which saw him make several bombshell claims against the Royal Family. In his book, Harry alleges William physically attacked him during a heated argument in 2019 about wife Meghan Markle, before his older sibling returned a short while later and apologised. Harry claims Meghan upset Kate by saying she must have "baby brain" in the days leading up to his wedding to Meghan in 2018, adding the Princess of Wales demanded an apology and William pointed a finger at Meghan and called her "rude". The Duke also writes about the infamous fight between Meghan and Kate during a bridesmaids' dress fitting for Princess Charlotte, claiming he found his wife "on the floor" in tears after the fallout.