A bookshop in the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's California hometown claims to have only sold 30 copies of Harry's new explosive memoir, Spare, despite the record-breaking sales across other parts of the country. Residents in the star-studded neighbourhood also claim to be disinterested in reading the revelatory book. Spare, which reportedly earned Harry a $20million (£16million) advance, quickly became the fastest-selling non-fiction book to hit shelves in the UK and far surpassed sales figures of Barack Obama’s book, which held the record for the most books sold on release day in the US. But it appears the couple's neighbours are less interested in the Duke's tell-all confessions, as one local bookshop owner in Montecito claims she didn't even sell one copy on its release day. Owner of local book store the Tecolote Book Shop, Mary Sheldon, told the Guardian that she has only shifted some 30 copies of Spare since its release. Mary, however, added that some further copies have been reserved by locals, who are planning to collect their copy in person. Asked for her thoughts on Harry’s memoir and the controversies surrounding it, Ms Sheldon said: “It’s a book. “He took time to gather his thoughts and wanted to publish it, so I am here to sell it. “I think most people up here think of it as a soap opera.” The Guardian reports that the lack of interest in Spare in Montecito could be because the town of around 10,000 people respects the privacy of celebrities that live there, who include Oprah Winfrey, Ellen DeGeneres, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom. READ MORE: Royals’ survival in peril as King Charles fails to emulate mother It comes after some residents in the couple's hometown of Montecito appear to be disinterested in the new book. TC Boyle, one of Montecito's most celebrated authors, said: "Didn’t read it, will not read it.” Meanwhile, royal expert Richard Mineards, who writes for a Montecito newspaper, has read the book from cover to cover. He said: “I think the whole thing is reprehensible.  “It is doing enormous harm not only to the Royal Family but to his own family, he and his wife… If he really does want to reconcile with his family in due course, why does he keep throwing bombs at them? Where do they go from here?” But most residents don't really "notice Harry and Meghan" and have just a remote curiosity in the whole royal saga, according to one local. Les Firestein, Hollywood comedy writer turned local magazine editor, said: "For most Montecitans, if not most Americans, royal watching is like bangers and mash – it’s something we’ve heard of but isn’t really our culture. “We don’t really notice Harry and Meghan, though sometimes the locals get rankled by the British tabloids trying to get to them.” 