Twitter is being sued by the Crown Estate after allegedly failing to pay rent on its London headquarters. The company, which was recently bought by billionaire Elon Musk for £35billion ($44billion) in October last year, had been occupying two floors of a property on Air Street in Piccadilly Circus but had allegedly failed to pay rent in arrears for its first-floor lease.    According to the Telegraph, the estate in central London belongs to the King, leading the Crown Estate to file a claim against Twitter Incorporated and its UK subsidiary in the High Court. A Crown Estate spokesman confirmed court proceedings had been issued in the dispute over Twitter’s UK headquarters. The Crown Estate presides over thousands of acres of Crown-owned land across the UK, including 10 million square feet of property in London’s West End. Employees of Twitter have operated out of the first floor of the property since 2014, signing a lease for the third floor in 2021 for £2.6million a year.    The dispute is believed to be over the first floor residency, for which the rent arrears allegedly remain unpaid. All Twitter signs and logos have been removed from the building but a member of staff said the company still had a presence at the site, according to the Telegraph. A spokesman for the Crown Estate said it had tried to contact Twitter about the alleged rent arrears. It comes as the 51-year-old billionaire Tesla CEO and Twitter owner Mr Musk is facing a class action lawsuit filed by Tesla investors alleging he misled them with a tweet saying funding was secured to take his electric car company private — for £340 ($420) per share. READ MORE: Donald Trump planning first tweet since ban lifted [REVEAL]    The deal never came close to happening, and the tweet resulted in a £33million ($40million) settlement with securities regulators. The trial hinges on the question of whether a pair of tweets that Musk posted on August 7, 2018, damaged Tesla shareholders during a 10-day period leading up to Musk's admission that the buyout he had envisioned wasn’t going to happen. Speaking in a soft halting tone, Mr Musk said Monday he “had trouble sleeping last night and unfortunately I am not at my best”. He added that it was important for jurors to know that he “felt that funding was secured” due to his ownership of “SpaceX stock alone”. DON'T MISS: Pandemic rewarded billionaires and now we'd like our cash back [OPINION] Tesla slashes electric car prices by £9,000 despite driver fury [REPORT] UK charity helping Ukrainians survive the winter with generators [REVEAL]   “Just as I sold stock in Tesla to buy Twitter. ... I didn't want to sell Tesla stock but I did sell Tesla stock,” he said of the sale to make up for the lack of funding from other sources for his $44billion deal to take Twitter private. Mr Musk sold more than £18billion worth of his car company’s shares between last April, when he started building a position in Twitter, and December. “My SpaceX shares alone would have meant that funding was secured,” Mr Musk said of the 2018 tweets. Even before he first took the stand on Friday, US District Judge Edward Chen had declared that jurors can consider those two tweets to be false, leaving them to decide whether Mr Musk deliberately deceived investors and whether his statements saddled them with losses. READ NEXT: Recent buyers’ anger as Tesla cuts prices by £8,000 overnightPenny-sized ‘brain chip’ to treat depression enters human trialsJeff Bezos and Elon Musk's 19-year feud traced back to fiery dinnerElon Musk slammed by ex-US general over Ukraine claimRichard Branson says he found Elon Musk barefoot in his kitchen 