Rishi Sunak's popularity among Tory members has plunged further in the last month, polling suggests. The Prime Minister's net satisfaction rating stands at just 2.9 in the monthly league table of the Cabinet for the Conservative Home website. Mr Sunak's score is down from 13.1 in the previous polling of the party faithful, a drop of around 10 points and almost into negative territory. The under-pressure PM, who is battling to unite his warring party and yesterday sacked Nadhim Zahawi in a row over his tax affairs in the latest headache, is sixth from bottom. Meanwhile, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt - who was parachuted into Number 11 following the disastrous mini-budget last September - is fouth lowest on minus 6.2. Former Tory chair Mr Zahawi is the least popular with a net popularity score of minus 48. At the top of the Cabinet league table is Defence Secretary Ben Wallace on 81.5 points. Mr Wallace is more than 20 points clear of International Trade Secretary Kemi Badenoch, a former Tory leadership hopeful, who is second on 61. Foreign Secretary James Cleverly is third with a net approval rating of 59.7. Minister for Veterans' Affairs Johnny Mercer and Commons leader Penny Mordaunt are fourth and fifth with scores of 44.5 and 44.4 respectively. Scotland Secretary Alister Jack has risen to sixth place with a rating of 39.4 after moving to block Nicola Sturgeon's controversial Gender Bill earlier this month. Security Minister Tom Tugendhat, another former leadership hopeful, Health Secretary Steve Barclay, Education Secretary Gillian Keegan and Culture Secretary Michelle Donelan complete the top 10. Home Secretary Suella Braverman is mid-table with a net score of 17.3. Deputy PM Dominic Raab, who is being investigated over alleged bullying of civil servants which he denies, is just below Mr Sunak on 2.4 points. It comes as the Prime Minister is approaching the milestone of 100 days in office on Thursday. The former chancellor succeeded in his immediate aim of bringing back order to financial markets after Liz Truss's disastrous mini-budget. But the new PM has already faced a series of challenges from sky-rocketing inflation amid the cost of living crisis to widespread strikes to unrest on the Tory backbenches over issues including tax cuts. Mr Sunak, who promised outside Downing Street to restore "integrity, professionalism and accountability", has also had to endure a series of scandals engulfing senior ministers, while suffering the personal embarrassment of being fined for failing to wear a seat belt while filming a video for social media. Meanwhile, the Tories continue to trail behind Labour in the polls, with the latest Techne tracker for the Express putting Mr Sunak's party 21 points behind Sir Keir Starmer. 