Leeds United could be putting their own transfer hopes at risk while they complete a club-record £35million deal for Hoffenheim forward Georginio Rutter. Jesse Marsch is on the verge of recruiting one high-profile target this month, but it could lead to him missing out on another. On Monday, Sky Germany reported that Leeds were in advanced talks to sign Rutter, with his medical expected to occur today at the latest. The deal will surpass the £27m paid to sign Rodrigo from Valencia in August 2020, making Rutter the most expensive player in the club's history. But the 20-year-old isn't the only arrival that Marsch wants to bring through the Elland Road doors in the January transfer window. Leeds are also in the running to sign Angers midfielder Azzedine Ounahi, who made the headlines during Morocco's run to the 2022 World Cup semi-finals. However, their ongoing pursuit of Rutter could put their Ounahi interest in jeopardy, with Serie A leaders Napoli also in the frame. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE According to Tuttosport, Leeds and Leicester City join Napoli in the race to sign the 22-year-old and would have the financial edge over the Italian giants. But while Napoli lodged a bid worth around £18m earlier this month, the Premier League duo haven't yet acted on their interest, and Ouhani is said to favour a move to Italy. There is a suggestion that Leeds may have fallen silent while focusing on securing Rutter's services before moving on to other targets. And if they wait too long, Ouhani could become unavailable, with Angers seemingly ready to cash in on one of the stars of Qatar this winter. DON'T MISS: Man Utd 'add new player to Ten Hag January shortlist' as Chelsea join That said, Angers president Said Chabane could offer Leeds hope with his desire to 'unleash an auction' for Ouhani's signature. He has rejected Napoli's initial approach, even with the prospect of loaning him back for the remainder of the season, in wait for rival interest to come to the fore. If Leeds are quick, they may still have the chance to blow Napoli out of the water with an offer Angers and Ouhani can't refuse before the deadline. But there doesn't seem to be any movement likely until Rutter bolsters Marsch's attacking ranks. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here