Prince Harry has ditched attempts to win over the British public as "sympathy has run dry" in the UK, a royal expert said. Victoria Arbiter – daughter of the late Queen’s former press spokesperson, Dickie Arbiter – said the Duke of Sussex appears to be "more interested" in "capturing the US market" ahead of the release of several interviews with American media companies.    Harry’s new memoir Spare, which reveals intimate stories as well as new claims about royal life, has been met with fury by much of the British public despite a proportion of “die hard” Harry fans. Many high profile figures in Britain such as senior former military personnel have slammed the memoir. In particular, ex-Colonel of the British Army, Richard Kemp called it a "stab in the back". But talking to Express.co.uk, Ms Arbiter said Harry likely has little concern for UK public opinion as the country is a “done deal”. Instead, she believes he has set his sights on the US. Trailers for several up close and personal interviews with the Prince have been released online. Of the four interviews Harry did surrounding his departure from the Royal Family, three were based in the US.   In March 2021 Harry and Meghan sat down with the US presenter Oprah Winfrey and now the Prince is set to appear in interviews with American TV channels CBS and Good Morning America. Ms Arbiter believes the move towards US media appearances is because he "needs sympathy from the US". She said: "It’s interesting that of the four interviews of Harry that we know about so far, three of them are with the US.    "So I think he’s more interested in capturing the US market. "I think he thinks the UK is a done deal. It’s in the US now. So he needs the US to sympathise with him. "But of course, there are die hard fans supporting them all the way." Ms Arbiter’s comments come after criticisms that Harry has been "selling out" his family for money, and using confidential stories about royal life to make a living.    According to The Mirror, Harry and Meghan’s deal with Netflix via their production company Archewell Productions, is worth up to $100m. Loose Women star Janet Street-Porter said: "There are a lot of things you could sell without selling your father and your brother down the line for $91million.” A survey of over a thousand British adults by Redfield and Wilton found Meghan In November, 45 percent of people said they had a “favourable” or “very favourable” view of the Duke of Sussex. But after the release of the film last month, this dropped to 29 percent.     A representative YouGov poll, surveying thousands of Brits, also found that Meghan and Harry’s popularity plummeted before the Netflix docuseries was released and has stayed at a low since. Despite Harry making several major claims against members of the royal family – such as Prince William attacking Harry – Ms Arbiter believes the public won’t hear from Buckingham Palace. She added: "I do think Buckingham Palace is going to want to avoid getting involved in a public tit for tat, all that does is further fanned the flames, it drags out the story even longer. "If they say something, then Harry's gonna come back and say something. And then suddenly, we've got the War of the Wales from the early 90s."  