Kate, Princess of Wales is undoubtedly a fashion icon, whether she's rocking high street chic or exquisite designer items. According to boohoo, the royal is "without doubt one of the most fashionable people on the planet". The clothing company did some research into which celebrity style Britons have been trying to replicate the most. Unsurprisingly, Princess Kate has come out on top, with a huge amount of people trawling the internet for her style secrets. According to the research, Kate's style is Googled more than 18,000 times every month. Year upon year her fashion choices gain more popularity, increasing by an enormous 321 percent since early 2022. READ MORE: Camilla is elegant in chocolate brown as she steps out in Bath  Social media is filled with fan pages dedicated solely to the royal's personal style. On TikTok, the hashtag #katemiddletonstyle has amassed an enormous 282.9 million views. On the same app there are countless videos showing royal fans how to recreate her looks on a high street budget. Kate is also a huge media fixation - in 2022, more than 700 articles were published about Kate's iconic personal style according to boohoo. Kate assumed a new role earlier this year following the sad passing of Queen Elizabeth II. Previously known as the Duchess of Cambridge, Kate is now the Princess of Wales. An increase in searches for her style suggests an interest in how she will navigate fashion in her new position. Kate looks incredible whenever she is spotted out and about or attending an engagement, with gaggles of photographers never too far away. READ MORE: Beatrice and Eugenie stepped out as near style twins - pictures  She has an elegant, timeless style whether she's mastering casual chic in wide-legged trousers and a jumper or a show-stopping red carpet dress. Kate loves tonal dressing, recently spotted in head-to-toe camel, and like the late Queen, also enjoys a bold monochromatic outfit. Recently, the Princess has appeared to ditch shorter, knee-length skirts in favour of midi-skirts and roll-neck jumpers. She also loves a tailored jacket and trouser combo. Some of her best looks ever include her gold, sequinned Jenny Packham dress which she wore to the James Bond: No Time To Die premiere. More recently, the Princess stunned at The Earthshot Prize 2022 ceremony on the green carpet. She wore a green, fitted, off-the-shoulder Sabina dress from Solace London, but acquired it in quite an accessible way. Now a lot of Kate's clothes are designer and not super affordable for the average royal fan. However, sustainable Kate rented this dress for around £74 on Hurr, which is something royal fans can also do.