Joe Goldberg (played by Penn Badgley) is in hiding once again for the fourth season of You, which will kick off with the obsessive killer laying low as an Oxford English professor. However, as the latest trailer from Netflix reveals, Joe’s secret life as a dangerous stalker may not stay hidden for long. Netflix fans’ favourite stalker has finally met his match in the brand new full-length trailer for You’s fourth season. The highly anticipated thriller is set to return in two parts this year, the first in February followed by the final episodes in March. At the start of this week, viewers were treated to their first full look at the season, which introduces Joe to another crop of potential victims. Still pursuing his librarian crush Marienne Bellamy (Tati Gabrielle), Joe finds himself mingling with the Oxford elite when he lands a job as an English professor. READ MORE: Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry There he meets Kate (Charlotte Ritchie), an art gallery director and the next object of Joe’s deadly desires. However, his world is rocked when another killer begins targeting London’s privileged and wealthy in a highly publicised killing spree. To make matters worse for Joe, he begins to receive a series of sinister text messages from an anonymous contact claiming to be the murderer. Dubbed the ‘Eat the Rich Killer’, Joe’s new stalker could even know all about the trail of blood he left with Love Quinn (Victoria Pedretti) across the pond. In the new trailer, Joe stumbles across a wall covered from floor to ceiling in newspaper headlines related to his past crimes. He then receives a text reading: “Hello Joe. Now do I have your attention?” More clips are shown of Joe running alone in the forest followed by Marienne fleeing from an unknown pursuer across the streets of London. “You think one of my friends is the killer?” Kate asks him, before issuing a warning: “Stop playing s****y Sherlock.” DON'T MISS:Elvis Netflix show Priscilla ‘worried’ mocks gets new title and poster [OPINION]Wednesday’s Jenna Ortega praised for sweet tribute over season 2 [LATEST]Fans demand 1899 is saved after Netflix axes hit series after debut [BACKLASH] Later, Joe tries to cover his tracks by ripping off the newspaper clippings and throwing them in a fire, but could this act of desperation simply raise more suspicions? Near the end of the trailer, Joe’s new companions are seen dressed for a funeral, the killer apparently having murdered one of their own. Joe then prepares for action himself when he retrieves a garrote hidden in an old hardback book. In voiceover, he says: “I ran away from all this, but one of you is watching me. “One of you is hiding in plain sight. So who are you? I just want my little European holiday back.” The trailer closes with another of Joe’s new friends, Adam (Lukas Gage), joking: “You steal my spotlight, and I murder you.” Joe’s new friends also include Lady Phoebe (Tilly Keeper), Nadia (Amy-Leigh Hickman) and Rhys (Ed Speleers), all of whom could be suspects in another thrilling game of cat and mouse. You season 4, part one releases Thursday, February 9 on Netflix. Part two releases Thursday, March 9.