Manchester United are in talks over signing Jack Butland from Crystal Palace in the wake of Martin Dubravka's recall by Newcastle, reports say. The Slovakia international started just twice for the Red Devils following his arrival back in the summer. And, now, it appears Erik ten Hag is stepping up plans to land a replacement despite having Tom Heaton and Nathan Bishop at his disposal. Manchester United signed Dubravka on loan back in the summer, believing the Newcastle goalkeeper could challenge David De Gea for a starting berth. However, with the Slovakia international since returning to Tyneside, the Red Devils are on the lookout for a replacement. And The Telegraph have claimed United are now in talks with Crystal Palace over potentially signing Butland, who has made nine Premier League appearances for the Eagles so far this season. The shot-stopper could be drafted in on loan, with the Red Devils looking for players in that market at a time where the Glazers are reluctant to spend big. Butland would be an experiencing signing for United, having played for the likes of England, Stoke and Birmingham over the course of his career so far. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big And, should he arrive, he’d likely be an understudy to De Gea. The Spaniard has been in fine form for United this season and is a consistent figure between the sticks having won Ten Hag’s trust. United do have Heaton on their books but the former Burnley star is more of a coach than a player these days, having made just one competitive appearance since returning in 2021. Bishop is another option, having been recalled following a loan spell at Mansfield Town. And, should Butland join, he’d also become the latest goalkeeper to rock up at Old Trafford in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see United moved for Victor Valdes during Louis van Gaal’s time at Old Trafford, with the Spain international joining on a free from Barcelona. He was seen as a genuine rival for De Gea to be the club’s No 1, having won the lot during his time at the Nou Camp. But Valdes fell out with Van Gaal and was eventually cut loose by United after the Dutchman refused to play the goalkeeper during his spell as manager. In 2015, the Red Devils landed Sergio Romero following his release from Sampdoria. And though he endured a shaky start, he ended up being a huge hit - famously helping United win the Europa League in 2017 before leaving four years later. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Regarding Dubravka, meanwhile, the 33-year-old thanked everyone at United for their support following his return to Newcastle. “Hi guys, I have been recalled from loan at Manchester United and will return to Newcastle,” he said on Instagram. "Although short, it has been an enjoyable experience in Manchester and I wish to sincerely thank all the coaches, staff, players and fans of MUFC for their warmth and support during my loan spell. "Regarding Newcastle, I have been delighted to see the club make such an impressive start to the season! Newcastle is my home and I will be back to support the squad and the goalkeeping group for the second half of the season "As always I will give my all to the team and will contribute in any way that I can to hopefully a memorable season. Wishing you all a very happy new year!"