The Bank of England has been raising its Base Rates to help stem soaring inflation by making saving more rewarding and borrowing more expensive. Now hitting a 30-year high of 3.5 percent, this higher Base Rate has been reflected across several different savings accounts, but some accounts are offering better rates than others. Commenting on the savings market, Alice Haine, personal finance analyst at Bestinvest, said: “Rapidly improving savings rates in the last few months of 2022 offered some good news for savers with rates hitting highs not seen in well over a decade. However, with double-digit inflation still with us, returns are still deeply negative in real terms.” Ms Haine continued: “With the Bank of England’s Base Rate now sitting at 3.5 percent - the highest level since November 2008 - and likely to go up from here, some savers may be waiting for better offers. But with interest rate expectations much lower than they were in the wake of [Kwasi] Kwarteng’s mini budget, it could mean savings rates have already peaked. “For those whose savings are sitting in accounts with dismally low returns such as 0.5 percent, or worse 0.1 percent – a hangover from the era of ultra-low interest rates – now would be the time to secure a better deal. But don’t forget that high inflation of 10.7 percent will still eat away at your returns.” There are a variety of savings accounts to opt into, from cash ISAs to easy-access accounts. Regular savings accounts, however, are an effective way to start building up a savings pot. READ MORE: Top six Junior ISAs with high interest now  These accounts typically offer higher interest rates and the terms generally encourage savers to pay money into the accounts monthly. Savers just need to meet certain requirements on the respective accounts and they’ll earn interest on their savings on the basis they make minimal withdrawals and deposit regularly. While there are no savings accounts that beat the UK’s soaring inflation rate, some are offering notably high interest rates. Money comparison site Moneyfacts has pulled together the top 10 available right now. Ranking top of the list is Monmouthshire BS’ Christmas Saver Bond (Issue 5) with an Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) of 5.5 percent. DON'T MISS: Bad habits to avoid if you don't want to pay £285 more on energy bills [EXPLAINED]Britons need ‘at least £33,600’ for ‘comfortable’ retirement [ANALYSIS]Millions of Britons missing out on 50 percent boost to savings [INSIGHT]    A minimum deposit of £10 is required to open the account and up to £2,400 can be invested over the year. The account allows up to £200 to be deposited per calendar month and withdrawals are not permitted until October 1, 2023. If the account is closed before this date, it will not qualify for the 5.5 percent AER and instead, will earn interest calculated at 0.2 percent AER. The fixed term starts on the date the account is opened and interest is calculated daily on the balance in the account and paid on maturity. Placing second is NatWest’s Digital Regular Saver with an AER of 5.12 percent. The 5.12 percent interest rate is awarded to savings up to £1,000, after which 0.5 percent will be awarded to figures from £5,001 and over. There is no minimum deposit required to open the account and it allows people to save up to £150 each month. Unlimited withdrawals are permitted without penalty and interest is awarded monthly. READ MORE: Yorkshire Building Society increases interest rates again  Placing third is Royal Bank of Scotland’s Digital Regular Saver with an AER of 5.12 percent. Like Natwest, the same interest rules apply to this bank account (5.12 percent paid up to £1,000, then 0.5 percent), interest is applied monthly, and unlimited withdrawals are also permitted. In fourth place is Principality BS’ Christmas 2023 Regular Saver Bond with an AER of five percent. This one year bond requires a minimum £1 deposit to open and a maximum of £125 can be invested per month. The account is intended for people who might want to save for something specific, and who won’t need to touch the money during the term. Because of this, withdrawals are not permitted. Interest is calculated on the money in the account each day and paid one year after opening.  Coming in fifth is Nationwide BS’ Start to Save (Issue 2) with an AER of five percent. Interest is calculated daily and paid yearly on each anniversary of its opening, and those who regularly save between £25 and £50 per month will also be entered into a £250 prize draw with multiple winners. This is an instant access savings account, which means people can get access to their money whenever they need it. But, those who do withdraw may need to repay all or some of it back in during the same calendar month to be eligible for the prize draw. Placing sixth is Lloyds Bank’s Monthly Saver with an AER of 4.5 percent. A minimum deposit of £25 is required to open the account, and regular savings between £25 and £250 must be deposited every month. Savers must have a Lloyds Current Account to open it, and interest is paid after 12 months when the term ends. Withdrawals are permitted, free of charge. Placing seventh is Halifax’s Regular Saver with an AER of 4.5 percent. Similar to Lloyds Regular Saver, a minimum deposit of £25 is required to open the account, and regular savings between £25 and £250 must be deposited every month. The AER is fixed for 12 months and will be applied to the balance on the anniversary of the account opening. After which, the money will be transferred into an Everyday Saver account. Withdrawals are not permitted, but the account can be closed before the term ends without charge. Bank of Scotland’s Monthly Saver places eighth, offering savers an AER of 4.5 percent. This account is also a 12-month bond and allows savers to deposit £25 to £250 a month. People also must have a Bank of Scotland current account to open it. Unlimited withdrawals are permitted without penalty and after 12 months, the account will change to an Instant Access Savings Account.  Ninth on the list is Hinckley & Rugby BS’ Regular Saver 30 Day Notice Account with an AER of 4.25 percent. A £10 deposit is required to open the account and up to £500 can be deposited monthly. Subject to a 30-day notice period, unlimited withdrawals are also permitted. However, If two payments are missed, the account will revert to Plain Sailing Easy Access Account. Finally, placing tenth on the list is Furness BS’ 1 Year Regular Saver (Issue 5) with an AER of four percent. A minimum £1 deposit is required to open the account and a maximum of £3,000 can be invested over the one-year term. Savers can deposit up to £250 a month, and interest is calculated daily and applied to the balance on the anniversary of the account opening. One withdrawal is permitted per term. If a customer exceeds the limit, the balance will be transferred to an access account. 