Prince Harry has “gone for broke” in his memoir, a biography writing expert has stated, warning that the publicity of his book may undo any potential for a royal reconciliation. Questioning whether the Duke’s new book, Spare, is the “appropriate forum” for airing out grievances, CEO of ghostwriting company StoryTerrace, Rutger Bruining, told Express.co.uk discussed the drawbacks of Harry “using this book as a forum” to reveal intimate emotional details of his family life. Mr Bruining said: “It really seems like Harry has gone for broke in terms of what he's decided to reveal, without taking into consideration how this might impact his family...or rather, he's made a conscious decision not to hold back, regardless of how his brother and others might feel. Harry clearly feels aggrieved and is using this book as his forum to tell the world what he believes is his truth.” Within Spare, Harry accuses William of physically assaulting him after flying into a rage over his relationship with Meghan Markle, while Kate is frequently pitted against the Duchess, with the Duke suggesting she was intimidated at the prospect of needing to “compete” with her. Meanwhile, King Charles is often portrayed as emotionally distant throughout the book, calling Harry the “Spare” from the moment of his birth and seemingly unable to communicate well with his son outside of leaving him letters. Mr Bruining added it was “interesting” that “at the same time, [Prince Harry] has said he wishes to be reconciled with his brother and his father”. This, he said, “would appear to contradict” the contents of the book, warning: “How this will play out in the long term is anyone's guess.” The biography expert said these kinds of emotionally open books can help heal fractured relationships, but added “there is always a risk” of biographies causing family rifts when one member publishes a memoir. Mr Bruining added that memoirs can help lead to a “better understanding of share experiences”. Harry’s book provides an unprecedented glimpse into the emotional world of the royal. Some intimate details, such as the use of Elizabeth Arden cream on his frostbitten penis while recalling his mother’s use of the moisturiser, have become the subject of ridicule. But others, such as the relentless scrutiny of he and Meghan by the public and what the Duke claims was a lack of support from the Firm, have inspired sympathy for the Prince. Mr Bruining explained: “There will always be a family member or family members who will feel the recollections of the memoirist don't paint an accurate portrayal of events. Of course, everyone sees life through their own lens.” READ MORE: Prince Harry warned against 'jeopardising his mother's legacy'  “Sometimes this leads to passionate discussions and a better understanding of shared experiences. In my experience, this more often than not results in closer relationships as tension escapes after the initial shock.” However, the publicity of Harry’s book may hinder its ability to bring the family closer together, the expert claimed. “What makes Harry's book unique is the level of media and public interest in his story and the very public platform upon which he is telling it,” said the ghostwriter. “This is obviously going to heighten any divisiveness or offence taken within the family. It reads like a public airing of dirty laundry, but I doubt any of us who are not within the institution of the royal family can verify or debunk the allegations Harry makes in his book. DON'T MISS: Harry slammed for 'giving ammunition' to Iran amid Taliban kill claims [REVEAL]Charles and William 'haven't spoken to Harry' [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan ‘want to see Clarkson suffer’ [ANALYSIS] “Harry has obviously written this book with a lot of emotion and perhaps repressed feelings he's wanted to get off his chest for years. Whether or not a very public memoir is the appropriate forum for such an airing of grievances is really not for me or for any of us to decide.” Spare has gone on to become the fastest-selling nonfiction book since records began, according to Nielsen data. Spare sold a total of 467,183 print copies through UK retailers in its first week of release - a figure which doesn’t include audiobooks or e-books. Larry Finlay, managing director of Transworld, the PRH division which published the book in the UK, said Guinness World Records had confirmed that Spare was the fastest-selling nonfiction book ever on its first day of publication.