Manchester United icon Gary Neville admitted that he “wants Arsenal to win the league” on one condition, as Mikel Arteta’s side sit top of the table and are attempting to win their first Premier League title in 19 years. The Gunners take on Newcastle and regardless of the result will remain at the summit, as they went into the game seven points clear of second-placed Manchester City. Ahead of the clash with Newcastle, Neville urged caution ahead of predicting Arsenal to win the league despite their gap at the top of the table. He did admit that he wants Arteta’s outfit to finish on top at the end of the campaign, if United are not going to win the title as it would stop their rivals Manchester City and Liverpool. "They could win the league,” Neville admitted to Sky Sports. “And if it's not going to be Man United winning the league, I want Arsenal to win the league because I don't want City or Liverpool to win it. But I feel like there’s such a long way to go, obviously we are not even at the halfway stage. “Ordinarily we would be at this time, I just think we have got to see how we go. These young players for Arsenal, the marathon is still to come. They will feel confident, the football is great, that’s something that is obviously pleasing for them, but they have got many tests for them, the next few games are tough for them as well.” After Newcastle, Arsenal’s next league games see them make the short journey across north London to face rivals Tottenham before hosting Neville’s United. They then face a trip to Goodison Park to take on Everton, before home games against Brentford and Manchester City. “It is a big test [vs Newcastle],” Neville added. “I’ve bounced over from Brentford last night, it was a great night [as Brentford defeated Liverpool 3-1] and I think it will be a fantastic game tonight. I was at their first game of the season at Crystal Palace, it was electric, they were on fire and there has been a lot of that since as well. DON'T MISSGary Speed's widow Louise suffers more heartbreak as husband dies from cancerNewcastle may have pulled off masterstroke as Maddison swap opens upWhat Man Utd chiefs think about Ten Hag after Rashford punishment “We’re so early in the season because of the World Cup, I am really conscious of talking about the title now, they are in a great position. If Arsenal finish in the top four this season, I know that seems really ridiculous because people are saying they can win the league.” Arteta himself admitted that he was not getting ahead of himself amid talk that Arsenal can win the league. “To win against Newcastle. And then the next one and then the next one. That is the dream,” he said before kick-off on Tuesday. “It’s not about stopping anybody; it’s about being realistic [about] where we are. “The way we are performing, obviously it’s impressive and we are really happy with that. But, as well, we set the objectives in the short term and what we want to improve and what is making us win that many football matches.”