With Yellowstone’s return to Paramount Network for season five, many fans have been brushing up their knowledge of the Dutton family and rewatching the drama. As a result, viewers have highlighted a questionable error from season three. Throughout the series, fans were made aware of the bitter feud between Bethe Dutton (played by Kelly Reilly) and her brother Jamie Dutton (Wes Bentley). However, it was until a flashback episode in season three did viewers gain insight into the life-altering backstory. As a teenager, Beth fell pregnant and asked her older brother, Jamie to accompany her to a clinic for a termination. Instead, Jamie and the doctor agreed to give Beth a hysterectomy without her consent, leaving her infertile for the rest of her life. READ MORE: Outlander’s Jamie Fraser star recalls ‘tearing’ at Catriona Balfe This came as a huge blow for Beth as she wanted to have a family with her longtime partner Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser). While many understood her rage towards Jamie, other viewers were distracted and questioned how realistic the storyline was. Taking to a Yellowstone fan page, Redditor fi8675309 questioned: “I just don’t understand how this is even a realistic scenario. “I get that the abortion clinic was on the reservation and doesn’t follow the same rules as other clinics.  “But how is it possible that they would let some teenage kid sign off for his younger sister to get a hysterectomy without her parents being involved at all or making her aware of what was happening?” They added: “Can someone that understands this type of thing better please educate me on if this is actually plausible or if it’s just terrible writing to manufacture drama between them?” However other fans agreed this was a major oversight from the show. User cosmoboy shared: “I love the show, but this was probably the biggest wtf moment for me. Seriously? Jamie knew it was a hysterectomy, but Beth didn't?”  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' downfall [REACTION]All you need to know about when the next episode of 1923 comes out [INSIGHT]Yellowstone 1883 family tree explains who James Dutton is to John [INSIGHT] TinyTomato4721 stated: “It’s terrible writing. There’s no physical way a person gets a full hysterectomy, goes home in an hour and sleeps it off and no one is the wiser. There is a long recovery involved.” Despite the plot hole, other viewers responded to the post and defended Yellowstone. ShabbyBeachNest wrote: “For goodness sake, everyone. It’s a TV show, not a d**k. Don’t take it so hard.” Another fan added: “I know we all love this show but I personally love it being fully aware of and in spite of the fact that it is super unrealistic and downright soapy at times.”  Although there remains bitterness between the siblings, Beth was able to get some revenge during the season four finale. After Jamie was forced to kill his biological father Garrett Randall (Will Patton) Beth took a photo of him disposing of the body, which she would undoubtedly use if forced to. However, that moment could be sooner than later as Jamie had colluded with Sarah Atwood (Dawn Olivieri) to oust his father John Dutton (Kevin Costner) from his role as Mayor. Although she convinced him he would replace John, little does he know Sarah is working with Caroline Warner (Jacki Weaver) to bring down the Dutton family.  Yellowstone season 5 airs Sundays on Paramount Network in the USA and on Paramount + in the UK. 