The 13th season of Blue Bloods will be taking a short break this week, but the smash hit cop drama will thankfully be back next Friday with an extra-special guest appearance. After not appearing in the series for almost 10 years, the CBS series has confirmed TV mainstay Tom Cavanagh will be reprising his role as Mickey Patrick, who raised hell for the Reagans back in season four. CBS has confirmed Cavanagh will be making his Blue Bloods return in next week’s episode, The Big Leagues. The television star was recently spotted on set in-character as Mickey chatting to his old friend, Danny Reagan (played by Donnie Wahlberg). As well as a childhood friend, Mickey is also a former criminal who caused trouble during his first appearance when Danny exposed his connections to a major Florida crime family. However, the two friends appear to be on better terms this time round as both actors were chatting and smiling in the latest sneak peek. READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star An official synopsis for The Big Leagues reads: “Danny reunites with Mickey Patrick, his childhood friend and a former criminal, who comes to him for help finding his missing fiancée. “Also, Anthony Renzulli (Nicholas Turturro) surprises Erin Reagan (Bridget Moynahan) with one last stakeout before her run for district attorney. “Jamie Reagan (Will Estes) helps a former officer caught committing a crime with the purpose of helping others. “And Frank Reagan (Tom Selleck) comes face to face with a woman who confesses to killing her husband.” While the rest of the Reagan family handle their own drama, Danny has another high-stakes investigation on his hands. Although the case of Mickey’s missing fiancée will prove devastating if she’s not found in time, fans will be thrilled to see Danny’s old friend turn his back on his criminal past. During his first appearance, Danny refuses to believe Mickey had struck a deal with Florida’s powerful Vasquez family. The two friends come to blows when Danny forces Mickey to confess on-tape before they form a plan to get him out. DON'T MISS:The Last of Us creators tease Ellie backstory deleted from games [INSIGHT]Outlander fans ‘can’t stand’ Brianna as they expose ‘idiotic’ mistakes [BACKLASH]1000lb Best Friends’ Tina and Meghan hit out at season 2 backlash [INTERVIEW]  Mickey insists he wasn’t responsible for getting anyone hurt or killed, but he was still looking at 10-15 years if he didn’t testify against the Vasquezes. The family eventually discovered he was in NYPD custody and sent out a hit when they assumed he had given them incriminating evidence. Thankfully, Danny managed to come to his rescue just in time, but warned Mickey he had to start making changes before they could call each other friends. Viewers will finally discover what has happened in Mickey’s life since then and, if he’s turned his life around, he could start to make more regular appearances going forward. After establishing his criminal past, could Mickey be exposed as having something to do with his fiancée’s missing appearance? Either way, Danny will be happy to see his old friend again, and hopefully his life has taken a turn in a positive direction since they last saw each other. Cavanagh would certainly be a welcome recurring presence for Blue Bloods, as he is known for his popular appearances in other hit shows like Scrubs, The Flash and Love Monkey. Blue Bloods season 13 continues Fridays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.