A further 42 percent have reduced the amount they heat their home this winter due to the rising cost of energy – exacerbating the issue. Among the most common surfaces to be affected are windows (65 percent), walls (61 percent), and ceilings (43 percent). Yet, despite it being such a big problem, 24 percent are not confident they truly know why the likes of condensation, damp, or mould occur. And a third struggle when it comes to reducing or removing such problems. As a result, those polled have ventilated areas when drying clothes indoors (34 percent), kept lids on pans when cooking (29 percent), and opened windows at night (23 percent). Others have invested in anti-mould spray (36 percent), dehumidifiers (36 percent), and portable heaters (16 percent). And 71 percent have spent money in an effort to get rid of damp, condensation, or mould in the past 18 months – an average of £92. This is almost a quarter (23 percent) of the £400 energy support that households received from the Government. A spokesman for Utilita Energy, which commissioned the study, said: “This latest research confirms the size of the problem. “Affording to stay warm is hard enough as it is, without all the additional problems that come with having a damp home. “Our nationwide rollout of free Bill Buster sessions has enabled us to hear first-hand from households who are struggling with various issues related to the cost of energy – condensation and damp were a common theme.” The study also found renters seem to suffer more, with 34 percent of them living with mould – compared to 22 percent of homeowners. And 27 percent of renters are suffering with damp, in contrast to just 19 percent of owners. More than a third of tenants (35 percent) reached out to their landlord for help or advice – only for 44 percent to not hear back. This left them feeling frustrated (69 percent) and helpless (43 percent). It also emerged three-quarters do not know their legal rights as a renter when it comes to damp. A fifth (21 percent) of all those polled have struggled with condensation in the past 12 months more than ever before. And 44 percent believe if increasing costs continue, everyone will experience a similar issue at some point. Almost two-thirds (61 percent) don’t think there has been enough help from the likes of the Government or councils to assist in the rising cost of energy this winter. As a result of condensation specifically, one in four have been forced to throw away soft furnishings such as cushions or blinds – while 23 percent have had to replace clothes, and 12 percent have even relocated for good. Common ways to see to the issue include wiping down surfaces to remove it (60 percent), and placing a heater near the affected area (22 percent) – while 19 percent have even called in an expert to help. But more than three-quarters (79 percent), polled via OnePoll, aren't aware of grants available so they can improve their property to avoid damp, condensation, and mould. Utilita Energy’s spokesman added: “Being a specialist Smart PAYG energy provider, around 75 percent of our customer base are tenants, hence this awareness campaign. “We hope landlords will take notice and be more forthcoming with support to avoid long-term damage.”