Now, three years on, researchers have collated sufficient data on the serious public health problem. Jackson Laboratory Professor Peter Robinson, M.D., M.Sc., and Predoctoral Associate Ben Coleman have been investigating long Covid using 20,532 electronic health records in America. All patients involved in the research had received an official post Covid diagnosis. Their analysis had identified six subtypes of long Covid that could inform treatment strategies. Six subtypes of long Covid Each cluster has different age, gender and race frequencies associated with it, as well as different prior co-morbidities and conditions. The findings underscore the possibility that the mechanisms of long Covid may vary among individuals based on a collection of baseline risk factors. READ MORE: Dr Mosley shares 'gentle' movement to help your brain 'function better' - 'Easy to do' The British Heart Foundation (BHF) says "most people" recover from long Covid within three months. Yet, for a lot of people, they have experienced ongoing long Covid symptoms, which can "relapse over time". Four of the most commonly reported long Covid symptoms are: Research has identified numerous long Covid symptoms, from chest tightness to heart palpitations. Heart and circulatory symptoms include chest pain and changes to heart rate. Another cluster of symptoms include muscle and joint pain, which can include pain in the back or shoulders. Cognitive symptoms can include brain fog, headaches, hallucinations, amnesia, dizziness, pins and needles, and difficulty with speech. READ MORE: Three drinks that can help you fall asleep and boost sleep quality Long Covid has also been associated with mental health effects, such as anxiety, depression, and post-traumatic stress disorder. Respiratory symptoms are also included, such as a persistent cough, sore throat, and difficult breathing. Then there's digestive issues, such as stomach pain, diarrhoea, vomiting, and bowel incontinence. Additional long Covid symptoms could include: The BHF says: "There have been reports of long Covid symptoms lasting from three months, up to two years or more. "There is growing evidence that getting vaccinated could help with pre-existing long Covid symptoms." People who are struggling with long Covid symptoms are advised to book a doctor's appointment.