Newcastle boss Eddie Howe could end the January transfer window frustrated with the club facing a number of hurdles in getting deals over the line before deadline day. The Magpies boss made it clear to fans not to expect as much activity in the market after around £200million was spent on new signings over the past 12 months. But Newcastle have made a surprise push for a Champions League spot this season with the likes of Chelsea and Liverpool both faltering. It's put more impetus on Newcastle using the January window to further bolster Howe's squad to help their push for a top-four finish. Alexander Isak and Callum Wilson are now back to full fitness, which has seen Chris Wood join Nottingham Forest on loan. But Howe has also made it clear that he expects a replacement for Wood to come in this month and they've not been short of options. Borussia Dortmund starlet Youssoufa Moukoko was seen as a top target, but the 18-year-old recently penned a new contract, keeping him at the Bundesliga club until 2026. Hakim Ziyech has also been touted as an option with the Morocco international's versatility seen as a huge plus point.  However, Newcastle's current position ahead of Chelsea in the table reportedly has the Blues 'not wanting to strengthen their rivals'. Chelsea appear to be overhauling their squad at a rapid rate under new owner Todd Boehly and Ziyech is seen as one of the players who could be moved on. But the Evening Standard claim Chelsea are 'reluctant' to do business with Newcastle. And Tottenham may now have inadvertently cost Newcastle the chance to sign Anthony Gordon from Everton.  The Toffees had looked on the verge of completing a surprise move for Arnaut Danjuma, but Tottenham are now thought to have swooped in to steal the Dutchman. That makes Gordon leaving Everton even less likely if the managerless Toffees are unable to bring in a replacement. More options are likely to be considered by Newcastle and the expectation is that at least one forward will join before the window closes. But they're running out of time to make anything happen and Howe won't want to waste a golden opportunity to help their cause in fight for a Champions League spot. It's a sign of how just how far Newcastle have come under Howe in the space of 12 months after they were embroiled in a relegation battle this time last year. Now rival teams are seemingly cautious of doing business with them out of fear it could further strengthen their cause.