Chelsea battle against financial fairplay regulations is largely reliant on qualification to the Champions League with failure to do so potentially leaving the club 'hamstrung' in future years according to football finance expert Kieran Maguire. Should this eventuality happen, Todd Boehly may have no choice but to sack Graham Potter given the issues the club could face without getting into the top four. Chelsea have endured a poor season in the Premier League so far with the Blues languishing in tenth in the division after just two wins in their last eight games. While on-field performances have been poor, the club have been making headlines off it after an extensive spending spree over the last two transfer windows. The Blues have spent over £430million since the takeover by Todd Boehly and his Clearlake Capital Group with Mykhaylo Mudryk the latest arrival in a £88m deal. Many football followers have been left baffled as to how the club have been able to afford this with FFP regulations designed to cut down on excessive spending. Chelsea have attempted to get round the regulations by offering long-term deals to their new players with Mudryk given a huge eight-and-a-half year contract while fellow new arrival Benoit Badiashile was given just one year less. Now, football finance expert Maguire has explained another important factor behind the club's battle with FFP with Champions League qualification crucial to the fight. The money involved in the competition far outweighs what can be made in the other continental competitions, the Europa League and Europa Conference League. "For every £1 generated from qualifying for the Champions League, clubs earn 23 pence in the Europa League and 11 pence in the Europa Conference," he explained in his column for the Daily Mail. "Failure to qualify for any of these competitions would mean Chelsea would be hamstrung in the summer 2023 transfer window. "This is because both the UEFA and Premier League cost control rules would be impacted by the lower revenues the club would generate. Players Chelsea might be trying to recruit over the summer may be cautious about joining as many want to play in the Champions League." DON'T MISSArsenal allowing player to leave hints at first January signing for ArtetaMan Utd boss Ten Hag confirms fresh injury blow and Weghorst debut planMudryk could sting Arsenal twice as Edu set to pay price for transfer failure It is therefore hard to see how Potter could keep his job should the club end up missing out on the Champions League given the negative consequences it would have for the club. Boehly and the Chelsea board have so far insisted their full support is behind Potter and his project at Stamford Bridge. However, football is a fickle game and things can quickly change when the results do not go as hoped. In the meantime, Potter will seek to turn around his team's fortunes on the field to secure the top-four finish the club desperately needs.