Terrifying footage shows a massive tornado tearing up land as drivers slam on their brakes to avoid entering its path of destruction. The footage was captured on a rural road in Alabama as buildings are uprooted and lorries overturned in cities across southern parts of the US.   It has led to a series of severe weather warnings, with residents urged to hide inside closets as an “extremely dangerous” situation unfolds. "If you need to seek shelter, get helmets, something to protect your head, get to the centre most room, lowest level,” the National Weather Service said in a Tweet on Thursday afternoon. “Smaller rooms (bathrooms, closets) are better than large rooms. Get your pets. Get your safety kit. Mobile homes are not safe, get to a sturdy building.” Forecasters say 140 mph winds have taken hold with alerts in place for Mississippi, Tennessee, Alabama and Georgia.  Twisters have been caught on film in Alabama and Georgia so far, while reports indicate Mississippi has experienced at least one. James Perkins Jr, Mayor of Selma - a city with a population of around 18,000 in Alabama - said a tornado has caused "significant damage". He urged residents to stay away from roadways and downed power lines. "City crews will be out as soon as practical to clean up. In the meantime, stay safe and continue to report your damages through 911," Mayor Perkins added.  The School District said that schools were in "lockdown" in order to ensure the "safety of our scholars". A tornado emergency has been issued for several counties just north of the capital city of Montgomery as the same storm system moved eastward towards Georgia. Photos shared on social media show roofs torn off homes in Movico, Alabama. READ MORE: Idaho murders suspect Kohberger told cops ‘it’s sad what happened'  In northern Alabama's Morgan County, 10 to 15 people were injured as a result of the storm. It is unclear if the non-life-threatening injuries are a result of tornados. In Kentucky, the National Weather Service in Louisville confirmed that an EF-1 tornado struck Mercer County and said crews were surveying damage in a handful of other counties. Trees have been downed and electricity shut off in the carnage. Severe storms were possible in the Atlanta, Georgia area by late afternoon.  