The singer appeared on Steph’s Packed Lunch on Channel 4 to discuss his recent diagnosis which he received last year. The 79-year-old admitted that he began to worry about his health and told his wife, "I don’t know what’s wrong with me". He told Steph: “I said to my wife, ‘I don’t know what’s wrong with me, I’m starting to forget people’s names and things.’ "She said, ‘Let’s go and see a specialist.’ I had all the tests and they said it’s an early start of dementia. "They started me on these tablets which slowed it right down and it’s really slowed it down.” Joking, Tony added: “I can’t remember her name now,” pointing to his wife, Sue. READ MORE: Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire Explaining how he has adapted since receiving the diagnosis, he said: “I have to have a TV screen on stage with me with the lyrics. I don’t very often use it, it’s there just to make me feel safe.” Steph asked what Tony is most looking forward to ahead of turning 80. He said: “I’m looking forward to working. "I love working. My grandad used to say, ‘you retire, you die’ and I just said I’m not going to die. I’m going to carry on and carry on… I feel good. I can carry on forever, that’s how I feel.” Tony recently spoke about celebrating his 80th birthday, and shared that he was "looking forward to working".  Following his announcement fans took to their Twitter accounts to send their well wishes, with @tomsTYME0 commenting: "All the best sir." @SandraSands1889 added: "This is such sad news but his outlook is fantastic! Looking forward to seeing you working." Nicola Jones expressed: "Oh I love Tony. Well done on your news and being so positive." (sic) DON'T MISS...BBC News exodus sees presenters quit as merger sparks 'humiliation' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry's claims of Camilla 'planting stories' shut down [LATEST]Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry [WATCH] The Amarillo hitmaker received the diagnosis last year and previously voiced his health woes. He has expressed concerns over his memory in the past, telling Good Morning Britain in 2021 that he had been "really worried" after noticing a decline in his memory. It came after he voiced concerns in 2019 about fears of developing dementia. The singer revealed he has a history of dementia in his family and had started using an autocue for his song lyrics. Christie said at the time: “I’ve noticed for a few years now that my memory has been getting worse, which is a serious concern especially as there’s a history of dementia in my family. “It’s got to the point where I have to have the lyrics to all the songs I perform live written on autocue, and most of them I’ve been singing for half a century. “I also need to look at the screen to check the names of my bandmates before I introduce them – even though some have played with me for over a decade.” Sadly, it seems the 79-year-old's concerns have become a reality, but he is determined not to let the condition define him. Steph's Packed Lunch airs weekdays from 12:30pm on Channel 4.