Dominic Brunt has starred as Paddy Kirk in Emmerdale since 1997 and his character has had his fair share of heartbreak. Most recently, ITV viewers saw Paddy left devastated as he learned wife Chas (played by Lucy Pargeter) had an affair with Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). Paddy immediately split with Chas and is filing for divorce with full custody of their daughter Eve. Reflecting on filming recent heartbreaking scenes as Paddy, Dominic admitted to the Loose Women panel he felt “uncomfortable”. The actor, who also directs horror films, explained he didn’t enjoy shouting at co-star Lucy Pargeter. He shared: “It was uncomfortable because Lucy is my friend and screaming in her face is not very nice." Viewers have seen Paddy lose his temper and scream at Chas, insisting he will make her pay for her actions. READ MORE:BBC backlash as viewers slam 'utterly pathetic' Prince Harry coverage But while his character was furious with Chas, Dominic said the cast all got along very we’ll. He explained: “Anybody who comes there always says they didn’t expect it was going to be like this. “I arrived 26 years ago expecting that I would find out all the cliques and politics, but it never arrived." If fans were worried Paddy’s recent heartbreak might mean he would leave the village to start afresh, they needn’t be concerned. “My loyalties lie with Emmerdale, they really do,” Dominic assured fans. Explaining why he won’t focus solely on his horror films, he added: “It takes about two to four years to get the funding together and sometimes films collapse and sometimes they get up and go forward. “But it can be a very tricky situation, but I don’t want to ever do one of them by halves, so I only do them every few years. “I’m happy with Emmerdale and I really love it.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans spot 'blunder' as Leyla rushes to Jacob after stabbing [REACTION]Emmerdale spoilers: Mackenzie's lies unravel as Chloe hospitalised [SPOILER]Emmerdale's Adam Thomas teases ITV soap return [VIDEO] In recent episodes, Paddy has been struggling with the fall out of Chas’s affair and the breakdown of his marriage. As his stress levels rose, Paddy accidentally gave Vinny Dingle’s (Bradley Johnson) dog an overdose of sedatives. Viewers have also seen him break down in tears in his car as he acknowledged he is struggling. Teasing what fans can expect from the storyline, Emmerdale boss Jane Hudson said Chas and Paddy will focus on Eve’s future. “We’re continuing our story with Chas and Paddy and how you navigate trying to be the best parents you can when your marriage is falling to pieces and one of you has had an affair,” she explained. “We’ll watch them both go on their journeys and it will be very serious and quite heartbreaking as we watch what happens to what were one of our favourite couples before we tore them apart, it’s fair to say." Will Chas and Paddy be able to put their differences aside in order to parent Eve? Emmerdale airs weeknights on ITV at 7.30pm.