  On January 1 2023 the children of Prince Joachim, the youngest son of Queen Margrethe of Denmark, lost their titles after the Danish Queen said the change was "necessary future-proofing of the monarchy." The decision has caused a rift amongst the royals, with Queen Margrethe admitting she "underestimated" how much the decision would affect the family dynamic.    Prince Joachim’s four children, Nikolai, age 23, Felix age 22, Henrik, age 13 and Athena, age 10 officially lost their titles in the new year as the change was implemented on January 1. The Danish Royal website has changed the information regarding the four royal grandchildren, which lists little blurbs about them which features their births and place of residence. It now reflects that they have lost their royal HRH titles and will now be styled His Excellency Count of Monpezat or Her Excellency Countess of Monpezat. However, they will continue to keep their places in the line of succession, are they are currently seventh to tenth in line to the Danish throne.  In September, it was announced that Queen Margrethe had decided to take away the titles from the children of Prince Joachim, who has said his children had been “mistreated”. In an interview with the Danish national newspaper Ekstra Bladet, Prince Joachim said he was given five days' notice before the decision was announced to the public. He said: "We are all very sad. It's never fun to see your children being mistreated like that, they find themselves in a situation they do not understand.” His eldest son, Nikolai said the family were “shocked” by the decision and said he personally felt “very bewildered”. READ MORE: Fans react to ‘classy' pictures of Danish Queen on golden anniversary On New Year’s Eve, Queen Margrethe spoke out and shared more insight into the situation which has caused a rift within her family. Every year, the Danish monarch gives a speech similar to the British monarch’s annual Christmas speech, in which they reflect on the past year. In the televised address, she said: "For most of us, our family is one of the most important things in life. We see how our children develop, and how they tackle life's challenges each in their own way. “We are happy for them, we worry about them, and we wish for them to do well, “I always feel great love for my entire family. Difficulties and misunderstandings may arise in any family, also in mine. The whole country has witnessed that.” DON'T MISS: Prince Joachim wades into furious row over title stripping  [INSIGHT]Joachim heads to US after Margrethe strips titles from his children [REPORT]Queen Margrethe’s most unusual floral diadems - including her poppies [REVEAL] Queen Margrethe also revealed that her relationship with Prince Joachim had “run into difficulties” which has caused her sadness in the past year. She added: "We have now had a quieter period and time for reflection, and I am sure that our family can embark on the new year together with confidence, understanding and new courage.” Towards the end of her speech, the Danish Queen spoke about all her grandchildren and said: “My eight grandchildren are a source of great joy to me. How they have grown, how time flies!” She mentioned Prince Christian, who is second in line to the Danish throne and eldest child of her oldest son Prince Frederick, will be turning 18 this year. Queen Margrethe  added: “It will be a special day, which we are all looking forward to.”   