Arsenal have been told that their newest acquisition Jorginho would have been the “perfect” signing for Manchester United on transfer deadline day. The Gunners moved for the Chelsea playmaker after failing to agree a deal for Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo, though United have also been in the market after an injury to Christian Eriksen. The Denmark star is expected to be out for three months after being on the end of a heavy challenge from Andy Carroll in United’s FA Cup win over Reading on Saturday, forcing them into the transfer window to sign Marcel Sabitzer. The Bayern Munich man is expected to move to Old Trafford on a loan deal until the end of the season, with an option to buy for the Red Devils. However, they may have ended up with the Austrian after they were beaten to Jorginho by Arsenal. Former England striker Lianne Sanderson has claimed that the 31-year-old would have been “perfect” for United and admitted her surprise that Erik ten Hag’s outfit were not in for the Italian. "I think it’s a great signing. £12million? What a great signing that is,” Sanderson told Sky Sports. "I don’t want to bring it back to Manchester United, but you’d think Manchester United would have been knocking on the door given the injury to Christian Eriksen. He would have been the perfect signing. It’s a great signing for Arsenal, I like Jorginho." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Jorginho is set to join Arsenal on an initial £10m deal that could rise to £12m, on a contract until the summer of 2024 though the club do have the option to extend his deal by a further year should they wish to. He is set to wear the number 20 at the Emirates after a photo of him in his new Arsenal kit was leaked on social media, he could not wear his favoured number five that he donned at Chelsea as it is currently occupied by his new midfield rival Thomas Partey. DON'T MISSLeeds rocked by Zaniolo twist with Roma ready to approve transferMan Utd 'on the verge' of signing Sabitzer in deadline day U-turnChelsea make decision on letting Gallagher seal Man Utd or Newcastle loan Arsenal have been warned that Jorginho is not the right fit for the club, however, by Rangers legend Ally McCoist. “I don’t see it as a great move,” McCoist told talkSPORT. “And I’ll just give you my reasoning for it. Nothing to do financially. Nothing to do with the finances. I actually think Chelsea are getting the better deal, I really do. “I think he changes the way Arsenal play, I really do in that midfield, which is high-energy. Partey, [Martin] Odegaard and [Granit] Xhaka have been excellent. "Don’t get me wrong, talented, yes - top quality. But I just think he plays the game at a different pace than Arsenal want to play at right now.”