Manchester United are reportedly eyeing up a move for AS Monaco defender Axel Disasi in January as Erik ten Hag looks to bolster his defensive options, though the deal is not thought to impact Harry Maguire's chances of leaving Old Trafford this month. Tottenham and West Ham are also chasing the French centre-back, but the Red Devils have conducted initial negotiations to land the 24-year-old ahead of their two rivals. The Daily Mail claim that the France World Cup defender is on United's radar, though his possible addition would not directly see Maguire leave the club despite falling down the pecking order under Ten Hag. However, should United want to add Disasi to Ten Hag's current centre-back options alongside Raphael Varane, Lisandro Martinez, Maguire, Victor Lindelof and more recently Luke Shaw, they do face competition from several Premier League sides. Shaw was moved to the heart of the defence for victories over Wolves and Nottingham Forest alongside Varane, while captain Maguire was left on the bench. The England star was restored to the starting lineup for the 3-0 win over Bournemouth, as Ten Hag made a host of changes to his side. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Disasi made three appearances in Qatar for his country, including one start, as France reached the World Cup final but were defeated by Argentina. He has been a mainstay in the Monaco team this season, but has played at right-back on occasion, which may have been of interest to United. One of Ten Hag's reported priorities in the transfer window this month is to sign another right-back to provide competition for Diogo Dalot, though Aaron Wan-Bissaka has deputised ably in the Portuguese defender's absence after the World Cup break.   Wan-Bissaka has been linked with moves to West Ham and Crystal Palace, while United are also looking to bring another striker to Old Trafford to replace Cristiano Ronaldo, who was recently unveiled officially as an Al-Nassr player, but his debut was unexpectedly delayed. Ten Hag has previously admitted he would like to add another striker to his squad, but will not bring someone in for the sake of it this month. “You need one who can have an impact otherwise you are just burning money," Ten Hag said. "You don't strengthen the squad and it doesn't help you. We have a good team when all are available. We have [a striker], Anthony Martial, I'm really happy with his performances across many games. He has had a really good impact. If you see his minutes and the impact he has had it's been huge.” 