Tottenham will not hijack Arsenal’s attempts to sign Leandro Trossard from Brighton after reportedly deciding not to pursue a deal for the 28-year-old winger. Trossard starred for the Seagulls throughout last year but has since been banished from the first-team squad as he seeks a move away from the south coast. Arsenal are looking to bolster their squad this month as they go in search of silverware after storming to the top of the Premier League table. And, according to transfer guru Fabrizio Romano, the Gunners have now opened talks to sign Trossard, with negotiations at an advanced stage. Personal terms have already been agreed, with the transfer expected to be completed soon. Sky Sports, meanwhile, have revealed that Tottenham had a bid for Trossard rejected last week and have now walked away from any potential deal. And that means Arsenal could have a free run to get the transfer over the line before the January window slams shut. After bagging seven goals and three assists in 16 Premier League appearances during the first half of the campaign, Trossard was an unused substitute for Brighton’s 4-1 victory over Everton at the start of the month. But the Belgium international has since been dropped from manager Roberto De Zerbi’s matchday squads and failed to feature in the FA Cup against Middlesbrough and the Premier League against Liverpool. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    And Trossard’s agent Josy Comhair has hit out at his client’s current employers. “After the World Cup there was an altercation at training between Leandro and another player over an inanity,” Comhair said in a statement last Friday. “Since then, the trainer has not spoken to Leandro, which is obviously not conducive to the atmosphere, as well as performance-wise. Leandro still was a first eleven player against Southampton and Arsenal but against Everton he was on the bench. In the five substitutions that took place then, he was also not among them and this is without any explanation. DON'T MISSArsenal decide next move as Mykhaylo Mudryk faces embarrassment after Chelsea hijackArsenal 'contacted Mykhaylo Mudryk without permission' in fresh transfer saga twistArsenal have already encountered Mykhaylo Mudryk problem with alternative transfer target   “Last Monday the trainer then grounded Leandro in the group and indicated that he did not want to see him anymore. A trainer who has not communicated directly with his player for four weeks is truly incomprehensible. “It is also the trainer who has indicated several times that a transfer is the most reasonable solution. It is therefore important that Brighton cooperates with a potential transfer, which is beneficial for both parties.” But De Zerbi responded: “Nothing serious happened with Trossard. But recently, he didn’t give 100 per cent in training and on matchday - that’s it on my side. Football deserves respect. I don’t have to apologise for anything. Everyone in the dressing room knows how things went. But if Trossard wants to rejoin us with the right attitude, I am happy to coach him.” 