Prince Harry sits down with ITV presenter Tom Bradby for a special interview at his California home. The Duke of Sussex and his wife Meghan Markle open up on their strained relationship with the rest of the Royal Family. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what time the tell-all interview will air. Prince Harry has prepared to speak out against his relationship with King Charles and Prince William during the candid conversation. He speaks to presenter Bradby about the difficulties of reaching a reconciliation with the rest of his family. It is understood never before heard details about the death of his mother, Princess Diana, will be shared. The Duke of Sussex stepped down from his senior royal post in 2020 and he is now publicising his tell-all book. READ MORE: Loose Women row erupts as Kaye rages Harry 'should walk away' The ITV interview will air on ITV1 and ITVX on Sunday, January 8 at 9pm. Over in the US, he will be chatting to the CBS programme 60 Minutes, with journalist Anderson Cooper. The CBS interview will air at 7pm EST (midnight GMT) on Sunday. In the latest ITV trailer, Harry said there was a "level of frustration" during an altercation with his brother William.  He also addressed his previous drug use as he comes to terms with his experience with substances. The Duke makes clear he "wants a family, not an institution" as he hopes to "get his father and brother back".  Ahead of the interview airing, Harry makes clear there are "two sides to every story". DON'T MISS... Carol Vorderman in tears over Prince Harry sex revelation [VIDEO] Meghan ‘mauls’ Suits co-star in scene Prince Harry regrets watching [INSIGHT] King could punish Harry and Meghan with 'nuclear option' after claims [INSIGHT] He is heard saying: "I want reconciliation. But, first, there needs to be some accountability." Opening up on whether he will attend his father King Charles's Coronation following his claims, Harry said: "There's a lot that can happen between now and then". He added: "The ball is in their court" as part of the emotionally-charged discussion. The coronation of King Charles will be held at Westminster Abbey on May 6. In a separate US trailer for the Good Morning America show, Prince Harry is asked about calling Prince William both his "beloved brother and arch-nemesis" in the memoir. The family tensions will be discussed after Harry claimed there was a physical altercation with his brother. Harry has rejected suggestions that by revealing personal disputes he was "invading the privacy" of others in his family. Buckingham Palace, Kensington Palace and Archewell, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's company, have all declined to comment on the prince's book.  Harry: The Interview airs on ITV on Sunday at 9pm.