Kate, Princess of Wales was lovely in forrest green today on a visit to Kirkgate Market. The royal opted for a mid-length coat for this chilly occasion. The royal was the picture of elegance in a long, dark green coat, bespoke from an Alexander McQueen collection. The Princess also owns the coat in red. It almost had a military-style feel, with four buttons across the bodice, strong shoulders and lapels. The coat was fitted in the middle, accentuating the Princess' tiny waist. She accessorised it with a dainty mini handbag in the same shade of green. This was the Micro Bold Leather Top Handle Bag in Green by Manu Atelier, priced at £435. READ MORE: Expert shares whether or not Zara Tindall can wear mini dresses Kate's coat was the show stopper of today's look, but royal fans could also catch a glimpse of what she was wearing underneath. She opted for a cosy cream jumper, relatively plain aside from two stripes in purple and yellow on the collar. She paired this wintery look with a pair of brown suede heeled boots. Unsurprisingly, Kate's shoes were Gianvito Rossi, a favourite designer of the stylish royal. Kate appeared to be taking a leaf out of Camilla's book, as she is frequently spotted wearing a black pair. In keeping with royal protocol - and in accordance with the chilly weather - Kate probably donned a pair of opaque black tights. As for accessories, the Princess kept it simple with a pair of chunky yellow gold hoops, relatively affordable at just £74 from Shyla London. These were made from multiple layers of gold, with the official website describing the style as "timeless and elegant and feminine". Naturally, she also wore her mesmerising Ceylon sapphire engagement ring. READ MORE: Most popular celebrity style named - and a royal takes the top spot Her makeup was minimal, with dewy foundation and just a sweep of blush and bronzer. She also opted for a subtle rose pink lip and dark eye makeup. Kate wore her long brunette locks in loose waves which made for an effortless yet chic look. This is a style she has been rocking a lot recently during public appearances.   As is typical of Kate, she went for barely-there nail polish which is a firm favourite of royal women. Today isn't the first time Kate has stepped out in a stylish green coat. In fact, in a video campaign for The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood, Kate wore a very similar piece. However, instead of a heavy winter coat, Kate was sporting a dark olive blazer over a plain black T-shirt.