Prince Harry has shared his concerns over Princes George and Louis and Princess Charlotte that one of his nephews or niece "could end up like him" as the "spare" of the family. While Prince George is currently next in line to the throne after his father, the Prince of Wales, his own future children would push his sister and brother further down the line of succession. The Duke of Sussex gave an interview to The Telegraph in which he acknowledged "at least" one of the Wales children could end up in his position. He said: "I know that out of those three children, at least one will end up like me, the spare. "And that hurts, it worries me." However he added that Prince William had dismissed these fears, saying: "He has made it very clear to me that his kids are not my responsibility."  The theme of being the "spare" in contrast to William as the "heir" is one Harry has spoken about extensively on his publicity trail. He even referred to his brother as his "arch-nemesis" in the book. Harry told Good Morning America host Michael Strahan: "Ultimately, I don't think that we can ever have peace in my family unless the truth is out there." READ MORE: Charles' retaliation strategy 'limited' by Parliament over Harry book Mr Strahan asked him at one point if he felt the heir was "jealous" of the spare. However King Charles and Prince William are said to be "soldiering on" in the face of such criticism, with a royal source saying: "The King and Prince of Wales will be feeling betrayed. "Things that have happened to them, really personal things, are now played out in the public arena."  DON'T MISS:Harry hopes big brother William 'can see the benefits of therapy'  [LATEST]Police hunt as small leopard escapes from zoo enclosure [REPORT]Prince Harry warns 'there's enough for another book' after Spare cut [SPOTLIGHT] Another source told PEOPLE magazine: "They are quite resilient and have good people around them. "They are upset and sad, but they are soldiering on. Responding publicly would not be the smart thing to do." Representatives for Charles and William have not commented publicly on the memoir. 