Nick Knowles has addressed a Twitter user who asked Stacey Solomon “how she felt” that the DIY SOS star had “basically copied” her show. The Channel 5 presenter slammed the suggestion as he said “neither of them” was the first to utilise the “decluttering” format for a home programme. He faced criticism from some fans of Stacey due to the supposed similarity between his new series Nick Knowle’s Big House Clearout and Stacey’s Sort Your Life Out. Nick’s programme airs on Channel 5 and My5 every Thursday at 7pm. Viewer @RetroBeastEth first typed: “Hey @StaceySolomon how do feel about @MrNickKnowles basically copying your programme?” Both Stacey and Nick's shows began back in 2021. READ MORE: A Place In The Sun presenter Jasmine Harman hit with 'sad news' Nick quickly fired back: “If you think they’re the same you haven’t seen both shows.” He added: “I think you’ll find neither of us is the first to make a decluttering show - there have been many before us." The TV star also remarked how there are many similar cookery shows on the television to suit viewer demand. Nick remarked: “Imagine if there was only one cooking show? Which of the hundreds would you pick?” Last week he visited Coventry to help an elderly couple clear out their three-bed semi. The family, Steve and Christine, along with their daughter Michelle and her son Taylor said they used to have many memories but due to the amount of clutter, they no longer spend as much time together as the house simply did not have the space for it. Steve's mobility is also reduced, meaning family time was limited to the outdoors. Grandson Taylor said: "I used to love watching TV at my nan and grandad's, and I used to love staying over - I can't do that now." DONT MISS:BBC Breakfast's Nina Warhurst defends guest Emily Atack post interview (PHOTOS)James May slams Jeremy Clarkson's 'creepy' Meghan Markle comments (NEWS)Love Island star Zara's 'history' with Olivia addressed by her brother (LATEST) After Nick visited the family and saw how Steve, who has a heart condition and is registered disabled, "wobbles through the gaps" of their clutter, he took it upon himself to help. In total, the Gloucestershire-based host removed 248 boxes from Steve and Christine's bric-a-brac. They found a total of 544 glasses, 695 pens, 11 duvets and 554 pens, along with countless beer steins and glasses that Steve had picked up from jobs around Europe throughout his working life. The end result was stunning, with the family saying how "pretty and elegant" it looked and hugely looking forward to the opportunities to eat around the table once again. Meanwhile, Stacey left viewers in tears on her show last week as she helped a young couple declutter their rented council property.  