As energy bills soar, many people will be expecting to receive correspondence from their energy provider. However, scammers are also on the prowl, capitalising on this knowledge to put money in their own pockets. One such scam involves Britons being sent an email, telling them about a supposed refund they are due, allegedly from British Gas. It informs the individual they have overpaid in the last financial year, and are due money back from the company. It states: “Because of this reason and that we value our clients, we have decided to refund the total amount which you have overpaid.” Scam emails can cite different amounts, but a common figure which has been spotted is £315. READ MORE: Dragons’ Den cast ‘impressed’ as ‘inspirational’ man turns life around The email then directs people to click on a link so they can receive their money back. For those struggling with their energy bills, news of a supposed refund may be exactly what they are looking for. However, this type of email has been confirmed as a scam, not from British Gas at all, and designed to steal personal and banking details to use for nefarious purposes. This information could be used by fraudsters to scam Britons later down the line, or to commit identity fraud immediately. DON'T MISS'Top rate' account is offering 'market-leading' 4.50% interest rate [INSIGHT]Britons could be £62,000 poorer if they stop pension contributions [ANALYSIS]Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing [LATEST] Some could even see their bank account wiped, and their hard-earned cash stolen. Lloyds Bank urges people to delete emails like this, without clicking on any links or replying. This is because even a click on a false link could download spyware or viruses onto a person’s device - with devastating consequences. Fortunately, there are ways Britons can keep an eye out for scams of this kind. Scam emails do not tend to address a person by name, and may instead reference their email which is a major red flag. Similarly, scam emails are often littered with spelling or grammar mistakes which can point towards a lack of legitimacy. Britons should also check the email address the correspondence comes from, as this will be fake if it is a scam. Most importantly, if a person wants to check if a British Gas email is genuine, they should call the company on a number they trust, rather than one from the message they have received. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea British Gas states any scam emails can be forwarded to phishing@centrica.com. Robert Endeacott was just one person who sounded the alarm on a scam purporting to be from a legitimate company On Twitter, he said: “Just had a scam email claiming to be from British Gas. “Made me smile though, looking at their alleged website of BritishGaz.” While Louise Cook said: “Scam alert! I’m getting very realistic British Gas emails that are not from British Gas. “Do not click on links in emails!” Lloyds Bank urges its customers to contact them “right away” if they clicked on the link and made a payment, or shared their banking details.