If your shower head has blocked nozzles, or nozzles squirting water in all directions, it’s likely your shower head needs a thorough clean. A buildup of limescale on your shower head is inevitable as your shower head will regularly come into contact with hard water. Those in hard water areas will notice their shower heads become laden with limescale even faster. Descaling a shower head will not only remove limescale but will keep your showers free from bacteria and mould. With this in mind, cleaning experts at household cleaning and laundry company Dri Pak have shared their tips for descaling shower heads using a common household item. The video caption read: “Clean the build-up of limescale on shower heads using the power of citric acid.” READ MORE: Cleaning expert shares method to dry wet laundry in ‘four hours’ To use this method, homeowners will need a box of citric acid which can be be bought either online or from a hardware store. Wilko Original Citric Acid costs £1.75 while Dri-Pak Clean & natural Not anti-bacterial Citric acid costs £2.25 from B&Q. The first thing homeowners need to do is fill their bathroom sink with hot water. Next, place four teaspoons of the citric acid powder into the hot water. DON'T MISS‘Brilliant’ 95p spray to remove tough oven glass stains in 5 minutes [INSIGHT]Remove ‘stubborn’ moss from your patio with £1 ‘cleaning staple’ [UPDATE]Essential kitchen items clean shower heads without removing them [ANALYSIS] Give the water a stir with the teaspoon to ensure the citric acid is sufficiently dissolved. Then, put your shower head into the water, being careful not to get your hands wet if you are not wearing gloves. Ensure the entirety of the shower head gets submerged in the solution. Allow the shower head to soak for one to two hours before giving it a scrub. READ MORE: Essential kitchen items clean shower heads without removing them Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Dri Pak recommends using an old toothbrush to “dislodge any remaining limescale deposits”. However, if you don’t have an old toothbrush, a washing-up brush will suffice. Once all the limescale has been removed, give the shower head a good rinse with clean water to remove any remaining citric acid. Before using the shower, allow the shower to run for a few minutes to make sure the citric acid solution has been properly removed. According to Dri Pak, citric acid is a part of the “non-toxic 'Clean and Natural' Range and is a descaler that’s made of natural acid found in citrus fruits”. The site added: “By keeping appliances free of limescale, less electricity is required to operate them and they will have a longer service life. “Citric Acid can be used as a substitute for white vinegar. “It's also better for the environment as it's using less plastic and you're not paying for the water that makes up 94-96 percent of the volume.”