A man was arrested after a police officer was stabbed on a city street yesterday, January 25. The incident occurred after three officers responded to reports of serious trouble.  West Midlands Police confirmed that officers were called to an address in Reeves Road in Kings Heath, Birmingham, and found a man armed with a knife just after 6am. The force said one of the officers was stabbed in the shoulder. Their injuries were not life-threatening or life-changing. A man, in his 40s, was arrested at the scene on suspicion of wounding with intent, assault occasioning actual bodily harm and possession of a knife in a public place, reports Birmingham Live.  In a statement, police said: "A man has been arrested after one of our officers was stabbed while responding to a call in Birmingham. "Shortly after 6am yesterday, January 25, three of our PCs were called to an address in Reeves Road, where a serious disorder was taking place. "When they arrived, they found a man armed with a knife, who stabbed one of the officers in the shoulder when they tried to arrest him. "Fortunately the officer's injuries are not life-threatening or life-changing, and a man in his 40s remains in custody while investigations continue.   "The man was arrested at the scene on suspicion of wounding with intent, assault occasioning actual bodily harm and possession of a knife in a public place. "We take assaults against our officers incredibly seriously and are supporting the officer who was assaulted. "Officers keep us safe every day and deserve to be able to do their job without fear of being attacked."   We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. Please check back regularly for updates on this developing story. Get email updates on the day’s biggest stories straight to your inbox by signing up for our newsletters. Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you by following Express every time you see our name. Follow Express on Google News, Apple News and Flipboard. You can also sign up for Twitter alerts for breaking news and follow us on the social media site, for all the latest updates. 