Arsenal have been warned by Tim Sherwood that Moises Caicedo may not be the right signing for them despite submitting a big-money bid for the Brighton and Hove Albion midfielder earlier this week. The north Londoners recently saw a proposal in the region of around £60million knocked back by the Seagulls, who are under no financial pressure to sell their prized asset and could reportedly hold out for as much as £90m in order to let him leave this month. Arsenal are now said to be weighing up the possibility of making an improved offer ahead of Tuesday's all-important deadline, with Caicedo having decided to go public with his desire to leave Brighton via social media on Friday. Sherwood believes that Arsenal could reap the rewards of overlooking Caicedo in favour of another midfield target, though, as a result of the Ecuador international's sky-high asking price."The last thing you want as a manager is unhappy players at your club," Sherwood told Sky Sports. "When their heads are turned by big clubs, unfortunately you either take the money or you end up with nothing, you end up without the money or the player so you're better off taking the money."I think the kid needs to look at it very carefully. I think he's got to look at his mate [Yves] Bissouma who's gone to Tottenham. Everyone was lauding about this boy, where's he going to go, take his pick, he's ended up at Tottenham and he's not played. JUST IN: Mourinho has hinted at Chelsea 'dream' with Roma boss keen on return "I'm not saying it's entirely his fault but sometimes you can look a world-beater in a Brighton shirt, no disrespect to Brighton. When they step up and go and play for a huge club it doesn't happen for them. If everyone's fit he doesn't play."We dug out some highlights of his game there, do you see £70m in somebody who can run around and tackle in midfield? His passing range isn't fantastic, scores one goal in a blue moon. For me, I think it's an awful lot of money. I think there are better options out there for Arsenal." It remains to be seen whether Caicedo will eventually end up joining Arsenal before the January transfer window slams shut, with Mikel Arteta having already outlined his desire to improve his midfield options by using the market to his advantage between now and the end of this month."We need more cover in midfield ideally if we can, but obviously in this market it is pretty complicated to do that," said Arteta earlier this week. "As I always say, the most important thing is that we get the performances and the time on the pitch today with the players that we have that are already very good. If there’s anything else available that can make us better we’ll look at it." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.