Ring doorbell cameras allow homeowners to keep tabs on who is visiting their property without having to be in the vicinity of the front door. The smart home security systems harness the power of video and audio detectors to record footage of everything that takes place in the scope of the appliance and is then stored in a database. While their ability to deter residential crime has proven effective - even if it is just peace of mind for households, Ring doorbell users have been urged to check that their settings don't compromise their own privacy. Installing a smart doorbell as a means of home surveillance is one way to track what others do on your property, but these popular security devices are tracking and sharing more than you may think. In fact, the footage that your Ring doorbell records and collects could be handed over to the police without your consent if you don't adjust the settings before putting it to use. After being purchased by Amazon as part of a multi-million-pound deal in 2018, the world's largest online retailer now has the right to keep all footage on its servers for up to 180 days before deleting it, depending on your subscription. But regardless of whether you're a Protect Basic or Protect Plus customer, Amazon is free to hand over any footage captured on Ring doorbells to the police, if requested. READ MORE: Washing machine method gets your clothes wrinkle-free without an iron According to Comparitech's consumer privacy advocate, Paul Bischoff, these rights also give the police "sweeping surveillance powers" to use the everyday homeowner's Ring doorbell as an extra pair of eyes, without having to invest in their own infrastructure. He explained that "the potential for abuse of power and Government overreach is high" though users can activate end-to-end encryption (E2EE), which is an opt-in feature that adds extra layers of protection to video and audio recordings made by the devices, he told The Sun. Customers who use a mobile device with iOS 12 or Android Nine and upwards software installed can "opt in" by making a few simple adjustments in the settings of their Ring mobile app. Start by making sure the app is also updated to version 5.34 or higher before proceeding. Next, go to "control centre" and select "video management". At this point, you should see an option labelled "advanced settings" which allows you to tap on the "end-to-end encryption" button. DON'T MISS:The household objects tourists should check for hidden cameras [INSIGHT]Surfaces to ‘avoid’ cleaning with baking soda and white vinegar [REVEAL]James Corden's abandoned UK mansion is boarded up prior to return [LATEST] Once you have found the encryption feature, select "got it" on the disabled feature list to set it up. Hit "get started" and follow the in-app instructions to enrol your account in end-to-end encryption. Enabling this user privacy feature allows Ring customer to shield their footage from the police and other third parties who may be able to access their device. Paul Bischoff noted that the feature ensures that "only enrolled mobile devices can decrypt and view video", making the contents of your home surveillance much more secure. Even Amazon which owns the brand is blocked from encrypted footage. A Ring spokesperson commented: "Police only have access to Ring customers’ video recordings if a customer has an optional Ring Protect Plan in place and chooses to download and share the recordings. READ MORE: ‘Problematic’ garden trends to ‘avoid’ or risk ‘dire consequences’ "Like any other company, Ring may receive law enforcement requests, such as search warrants, and we carefully review these requests." Other security checks customers should make include setting their Wifi connection to private and secure as well as protecting the doorbell itself from outside access. Open wifi connections leave your smart appliances like the Ring doorbell at a much higher risk of being hacked. Before setting up your home surveillance tools, always ensure your router runs on a private connection to prevent outsiders from "tapping in" to the video feed. For extra reassurance, you could even create a separate wifi network for your Ring device. Doing so could protect other devices such as phones and laptops if you have a security breach through your smart home device.    Two-factor authentication is a common feature on mobile devices and Google accounts, yet few homeowners think to use it for their home security networks. Setting up this double-layered system means that you need more than just a password to access your account. It helps to limit the risk of hackers trying to access your doorbell settings without your knowledge. For the Ring doorbell, the authentication system requires you to enter a six-digit code that is sent straight to your smartphone for you to confirm inside the app after you have entered the password. Cyber protection experts have warned against using the default password for the device, urging smart doorbell users to set up a new one instead. You can change the password and set up two-factor authentication through the control centre section of the Ring app.    