Elvis Presley only married once to Priscilla Presley and together they had The King’s daughter, Lisa Marie Presley. The celebrity couple’s child was born exactly nine months to the day after their wedding night on February 1, 1968. Her parents would later divorce in 1973 and from 1984-2006, Priscilla’s partner was screenwriter turned computer programmer Marco Garibaldi, with who she had a son. Lisa Marie’s half-brother Navarone Garibaldi was born on March 1, 1987, when Priscilla was filming the TV show Dallas. In fact, her pregnancy was written into the series. Through his family, he was the half-brother-in-law of Michael Jackson during Lisa Marie’s brief marriage to The King of Pop in the nineties. The 35-years-old reptile lover followed his family into the world of music, as the frontman of Them Guns. His LA-based rock band, in which he sings and plays guitar, is influenced by Nine Inch Nails, Nirvana, Kings of Leon and The Chemical Brothers. Navarone married his Swiss girlfriend Elisa in her home country in February last year, as revealed by his mother. At the time, Priscilla posted beautiful pictures from the outdoor ceremony, captioning her Instagram post: “Navarone and Elisa are MARRIED!!! The wedding was at the beautiful Schloss Hunigen Hotel in Switzerland. I couldn’t be happier!” And if Elvis fans look very closely they can spot a touching Elvis connection to the wedding of Lisa Marie’s sibling. In the main picture, behind Navarone and Elisa in their “you may now kiss the bride” moment, is a TV screen. And it looks like the marriage officiant was Jerry Schilling, Priscilla’s long-term friend and most notably Elvis’ close Mafia Memphis member. He was photographed just this week attending the Golden Globe awards with Lisa Marie, as they witnessed Austin Butler win the Best Drama Actor gong for playing Elvis in Baz Luhrmann’s biopic. READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley was 'racked with grief' in final years of her life Aside from her mother and brother, Lisa Marie also leaves behind three daughters. They are Riley Keough, 33, and 13-year-old twins Harper and Finley. The trio of Elvis’ grandchildren will inherit Graceland and Elvis’ possessions now that their mother has died. Their brother Benjamin Keough, who died at 27 in 2020, is buried by his grandfather in the Memphis mansion’s Meditation Garden. Lisa Marie said long before she died that there’s a space for her final resting place there too. This could be next to her grandmother Minnie Mae, or potentially her son.