A dehumidifier is an air conditioning device which helps to reduce humidity and maintain a level of humidity in your home. In recent months, dehumidifiers have become an essential appliance for households that are reducing the heat in their properties. With temperatures plummeting, and the weather continuing to be damp during the winter, more homes are susceptible to dampness and mould from condensation and a lack of ventilation. Using a dehumidifier helps stop that moisture build-up and is a cheaper alternative to putting the heating on. Figures from Ideal Home have shown that the average 480W dehumidifier costs less than 16p per day to run if used for around 30 minutes per day. Dehumidifiers can also help diminish mould growth in homes. It is reported that approximately 4.7 million private renters have battled mould issues at their homes in the past year, and since, dehumidifiers have become essential to improve homes and health. READ MORE: When to wash your bed sheets to eliminate germs and 'critters' With this in mind, spokesperson Ivan Ivanov of End of Tenancy London has provided some tips on how to clean and look after the air-purifying devices. According to Ivan the air filter is “one of the most important parts of the dehumidifier” which is why it needs regularly cleaning. Ivan explained: “The filter purifies the air coming out of the unit, however, filters clog up fast — especially if you have a pet-loving home. “Remove the filter from the unit and use a vacuum cleaner to suck up the remaining dust. DON'T MISS5 ‘essential’ garden plants that need to be pruned in winter - and how [INSIGHT]6 safe and effective methods to stop rats visiting your garden [UPDATE]Kate and William's new home is 'such a downsize' compared to Frogmore [ANALYSIS] “It is recommended to clean your dehumidifier every other week if the device is used regularly, if not, a monthly clean will be suitable.” Dehumidifiers suck in air much means all the dust and dirt that's in the air is sucked in too. However, sometimes the dust doesn’t make it into the filter, instead settling on the exterior of the dehumidifier instead. While cleaning the air filter is important, the exterior of the dehumidifier also needs to be given a good clean. READ MORE: Washing machine method to leave yours smelling fantastic Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Using a damp sponge or cloth, wipe down all sides of the unit, paying particular attention to the area around the suction pump. Inside the device, there will be a large fluid reservoir which needs to be regularly emptied. Ivan said: “This will need to be removed and emptied as the moisture caught in the air will deposit leftover liquid into the plastic reservoir. This must be emptied with every cleaning session.” Use a soapy sponge to wipe down the interior of your dehumidifier to ensure “mould buildup” is removed. This will result in a healthier dehumidifier. Once wiped and clean, leave it to dry. There may be a tiny filter inside your dehumidifier’s reservoir called the bucket filter. This needs to be removed, rinsed off with warm tap water and left to dry alongside the reservoir.