Antonio Conte has called for his Tottenham team to be ‘nasty’ as they look to recapture their old form and climb up the Premier League table. His side currently sits in fifth place and need to grind out some significant results if they are to secure Champions League football for next season. Spurs started the season strongly despite their performances leaving plenty to be desired, similarly to last season. The team gained a reputation for snatching unlikely results late on despite, on several occasions, it not truly being deserved on the balance of play. However, that streak has proven unsustainable as Conte’s side have lost their winning thread recently and fallen out of the top four. The former Chelsea boss does believe that his side are capable of bouncing back to their old form but only if his players are able to find their nasty streak. His side take on the high-flying Fulham on Monday night, in what could be a key result given that their London rivals also have an outside chance of securing European football after an impressive start to the campaign. Talking ahead of the match, Conte told The Sun: “When I speak, I always speak about the team. We attack with all the team and defend with all the team. For this reason, I think we have to try to improve in this aspect altogether with humility and to find a way again to be nasty in the way that last season we showed many times. “Many times we won games fighting a lot, suffering a lot, maybe sometimes we didn’t deserve it but in the end, we won. And in the end, we finished fourth. I think this is very simple. ‌We can’t lose what we created last season, the solidity, the desire to defend the result, the desire to win duels and don’t lose the nastiness. “I always use a word. A team that wants to win, to be stable has to be a resilient team. We have to show in every game, to be resilient and this is not simple but I think this is the key.” Conte has spoken about how he would like his side to dip back into the transfer market this month and bring in reinforcements for future campaigns, despite reports linking him with an exit from the north London outfit. Speaking about his current ranks, he continued: “Every single player has their own characteristic. “The most important thing is when you do a sport of a team, then you have to try to put all these characteristics inside one box and then to create the right mix to have everything. I think a player has to be complete. The nastiness, the desire to fight, to win duels, I think has to be in every single player.”