Lewis Hamilton is “head and shoulders” above both Michael Schumacher and Ayrton Senna due to one simple advantage, according to F1 pundit Peter Windsor. He claims Hamilton “doesn’t do anything dirty” compared to both Senna and Schumacher, who were involved in a series of controversial scraps. Windsor stressed Hamilton was a “model of clean driving” compared to the other two F1 legends. Senna collided with Alain Prost to win the world championship at the 1990 Japanese Grand Prix. It came after the pair also crashed a year earlier in an incident which gave Prost the title. Meanwhile, Schumacher turned in on Damon Hill at the 194 Australian Grand Prix in a shunt which secured him his first world crown, The German was also accused of intentionally parking his Ferrari in Monaco in 2006 to stop Fernando Alonso from taking pole. Windsor said: “I think if you’re talking about trackcraft only, I think Lewis is head and shoulders above both of them because he really doesn’t do anything dirty at all. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton complaints forced Mercedes to make factory changes “Everything Lewis does is hard, impressive, occasionally ends in tears – Nico Rosberg in Barcelona [in 2016] – but, generally speaking, he doesn’t do anything dirty at all. He added: “Generally speaking, Lewis is a model of clean driving whereas Ayrton was anything but and Michael was anything but. “You could say Michael probably fed off Ayrton a bit, but Ayrton was brake testing in Formula 3 with Martin Brundle. He did that to Nigel at Spa in ‘87. And, of course, talk to Alain Prost about Suzuka and twice he was taken out by Ayrton. “So Ayrton did a lot of that stuff but Michael was different because Michael did a few of those but he also did what Ayrton would never do probably, which was just crash the car deliberately to stop Fernando Alonso getting a pole. DON'T MISS Lewis Hamilton warned Max Verstappen is now a different beast [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton 'anger' made F1 rivals believe Brit would retire [COMMENT]Mercedes tease 'F1 drama kicking off' after Lewis Hamilton post [ANALYSIS] “I don’t think Ayrton would ever have done something like that, I don’t think it would ever have occurred to him to do it. [There are] not many drivers to whom it would occur actually, but Michael did it.” Meanwhile, Hamilton has only retired from a race due to a collision three times since 2012. One of these was his impact with rival Max Verstappen at last season’s Italian Grand Prix while another involved Nico Rosberg in 2016. Windsor concluded: “In terms of driving style, I put Lewis closer to Michael than to Ayrton. But in terms of track craft, I put Lewis ahead of them both, for sure.”