Rafael Nadal's uncle and former coach Toni has given his verdict on whether the 36-year-old can win a 15th French Open crown later this year to pull ahead in the record books after Novak Djokovic caught his overall Grand Slam record of 22 titles at the Australian Open. The Spaniard has been struggling with injuries of late and picked up a new issue in his leg in Melbourne but Toni says he “trusts” his nephew to win in Paris again.  Nadal managed to pull ahead in the Grand Slam race in 2022, first winning a then-historic 21st title at the Australian Open before extending his record to 22 at the French Open, but he has now been caught by Djokovic who won the Australian Open on Sunday to draw level on 22. It means that this year’s French Open will be the first time that both men will come into a Major tied on the record and trying to pull ahead. The world No 6 should be the favourite to nab Slam number 23 at Roland Garros given his history at the tournament - winning 15 titles and losing just three matches - but has been a doubt at recent tournaments given his injury woes, struggling with his rib, foot and abdomen last year before injuring his leg during his Australian Open second-round loss earlier this month. But his uncle and former long-time coach has backed him to make history again in Paris. Toni Nadal - who coached his nephew until 2018 - was asked about the 36-year-old’s immediate future following his recent injury woes but refused to look beyond the French Open. “When one has been there for so many years, as is the case with him, and after having had so many problems in the last year, where he ended up too injured, I don't consider the future beyond the next tournament,” he told Vanity Fair. JUST IN: Tsitsipas told he has something better than Federer despite Aus loss  “You never really know how things are going to go. It is true that Rafael has a very punished body, but it is also true that he has been on the professional circuit since he was 16 years old and that is something you pay for.” While Toni wasn’t surprised that Nadal’s body was letting him down, he was still confident in his nephew’s ability at his career-best tournament but wouldn’t look any further into the future. He continued: “There are many years hitting the ball and moving at high intensity. “When you have that, it is easy for the body to fail here today and there tomorrow. I trust that he can lift the Roland Garros trophy this year, and then we'll see.” The 61-year-old’s words come days after Nadal himself issued an update on his injury recovery time frame. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic leaves Tim Henman amazed in Australian Open winNovak Djokovic shares Indian Wells 'wish' as Serb inspired by JordanDjokovic to have injury checks as Aus champ will prove doubters wrong  The 22-time Major winner confirmed that he would undergo treatment before having texts in three weeks to see his progress, while his original plan of being sidelined for six to eight weeks remained the same. “Today I have been at the Tecknon Tennis Clinic in Barcelona where they have carried out some tests on me.,” he tweeted on Thursday. “The Melbourne results are confirmed and the deadlines remain the same. Established the treatments to follow and in 3 weeks they will perform new tests to see the evolution.” Nadal originally told fans that he underwent an MRI the day after his shock Australian Open second-round loss, showing a grade two lesion in the Iliacus Psoas of his left leg. “Now it's sports rest and anti-inflammatory physiotherapy. Normal recovery time 6 to 8 weeks,” he added. 