NFL star Stefon Diggs apologised to a photographer after crashing into the onlooker during the third quarter of the Buffalo Bills' clash with the Cincinnati Bengals in the playoffs. The Bills were looking to reduce the deficit when quarterback Josh Allen targeted Diggs in the endzone only for the pass to fall incomplete. With just under 10 minutes remaining in the second quarter, the Bills were trailing the Bengals 17-7 after Joe Burrow threw two touchdowns in the first half amid falling snow. The conditions were clearly impacting some of the players throughout the early stages with several stars slipping. Diggs highlighted the remarkable conditions when he attempted to haul in what would have been a remarkable grab and potentially make it a three-point game. However, the 29-year-old slid across the icy turf and slammed into the wall out the back of the endzone. As he slid into the wall, Diggs took out an unknowing photographer who slammed into the ground in a heap. The three-time Pro Bowler motioned to return to the game beofre turning around to check on the photographer in a heart-warming display of affection. READ MORE: Kansas City Chiefs star Patrick Mahomes suffers huge injury scare Diggs momentarily stayed with the photographer and the pair exchanged thumbs-up signs to showcase all was good. Diggs swiftly returned to action, and Buffalo ended up kicking a field goal to make it a one-score game at 17-10. Diggs and the Bills are hoping to reach another AFC Championship Game, where the Kansas City Chiefs are waiting after their victory over the Jacksonville Jaguars on Saturday night. They were certainly motivated by the presence of safety Damar Hamlin just weeks after he suffered a cardiac arrest on the field in a clash against the Bengals in the regular season. While he was discharged from Buffalo General Medical Center last week, Hamlin still faces hurdles in his recovery. The release came five days after his doctors announced the NFL ace was breathing on his own, walking, talking and there were no signs of neurological damage. DON'T MISSNFL legend and Ja Morant's dad in heated NBA courtside altercationLamar Jackson learns Baltimore Ravens stance amid NFL free agencyNFL legend's son set for greatness after showing off ace arm strength Hamlin still faces a length rehabilitation as it remains just three weeks since the horrific incident saw him need to be resuscitated on the field in Cincinnati. According to NFL reporter Dianna Russini, the safety was with the Bills in the locker room ahead of their Divisional Round clash with the Bengals on Sunday, with the team posting a video of him arriving on social media. The Bengals lead the Bills 24-10 in the fourth quarter.