On Tuesday, fans tuned into the midseason finale of Yellowstone’s fifth season. Although fans were sad to see the show go on hiatus, many raged at Jimmy Hurdstrom’s (played by Jefferson White) surprise comeback.   Although A Knife and No Coin took Jamie Dutton (Wes Bentley) and Beth Dutton’s (Kelly Reilly) battle to new heights, fans were unimpressed with the instalment. As well as taking place in Montana, the episode also transported viewers to Texas and served as a backdoor pilot for Jimmy’s new spin-off, 6666. The loyal ranch hand had been missing all season, following his shock departure from Yellowstone in season four. While fans gained insight into his new life with his fiancée Emily (Kathryn Kelly), many fumed at how his return was set up. READ MORE: Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again   Taking to Twitter @AUtitude complained: “This Jimmy s**t bores the hell out of me.” @kimt205 remarked: “Oh no, not the Jimmy show again.” A third fan @ShellyKaynyc added: “No offence but why was 15 minutes of #YellowstoneTV wasted on Jimmy? “He left the ranch. It’s the midseason finale. I need the focus to be on other things! If John wants to move his cattle there, then just say that!”    @KrisNina3 tweeted: “Jimmy’s fine I guess but I could really do without whatever is happening on my tv right.. this is giving Hart of Dixie and I want to watch Yellowstone.” Despite the backlash, other fans welcomed Jimmy’s comeback and anticipated his return to the Dutton ranch. @candyapple1299 shared: “Good to see Jimmy being happy with his lady, but his appearance last night without a connection to the Yellowstone felt disjointed. SMH.” (sic) @CV_talks_film wrote: “Jimmy’s back! The unexpected hero of season 5. I’m calling it now. I think he’s gonna go back and help John out the mess and war that is coming his way.” (sic) DON'T MISS...Escape to the Chateau DIY mansion is being sold [INSIGHT]Yellowstone season 5 episode 9 hasn't been filmed yet [INSIGHT]Yellowstone star Josh Lucas admits he initially wanted different role [INSIGHT] When Yellowstone returns John Dutton (Kevin Costner) could find himself in some major trouble, as a result of his son Jamie. During episode eight, John stepped into his Governor's shoes and showed his support for Thomas Rainwater (Gil Birmingham) to stop the proposed pipeline which will run under the reservation. John was then confronted by Jamie, who claimed by cancelling the funding to the airport, John had violated state law and robbed Montana of jobs and taxes. He then formally requested a senate tribunal seeking John’s impeachment, which was later approved.   Jamie had gone behind his father’s back after being manipulated by Sarah Atwood (Dawn Oliveri). Unbeknownst to Jamie, she was working with Caroline Warner (Jacki Weaver) to take down the Dutton family and steal the ranch for her business. Jamie agreed to help them after Sarah convinced him he would replace John as the Governor of Montana. With Jimmy’s potential return to the state and an impending family war, season five could take an explosive turn. Yellowstone seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Paramount Network in the US and on Paramount+ in the UK.