Welcome to Chippendales is the true-crime docu-drama telling the story of the iconic all-male strip dance troupe The Chippendales. From the business' rising success as well as its founder's dramatic downfall, the show delves into a story of jealousy, murder and, of course, male strippers. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about watching Welcome to Chippendales in the UK. Welcome to Chippendales made its debut on Tuesday, November 22, 2022, with a double bill on Hulu. From then on, two instalments were released every week until the finale was released on Tuesday, December 13. Sadly, Hulu is a streaming service that is only available to those who reside in the USA. This has meant that UK viewers haven't been able to enjoy Welcome to Chippendales until now. READ MORE: Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry Welcome to Chippendales will be available to watch in the UK via the streaming platform Disney+. Unlike Hulu, the streamer will release all eight episodes in one go so subscribers can binge-watch the boxset. The wait is almost over as Welcome to Chippendales will be released in full on Wednesday, January 11, on Disney+. But to get access to the drama, viewers must subscribe to the service. A Disney+ subscription costs £7.99 per month or £79.90 which works out as the more cost-effective alternative. Unfortunately, there is no free trial available but subscribers can cancel the service at any time following purchase. Other shows that are released on Disney+ include She-Hulk, The Kardashians, Pam and Tommy, Pistols, The Mandalorian and Big Sky. Apart from the interesting premise, there is the star-studded cast to look forward to in Welcome to Chippendales. DON'T MISS...Tom Chambers pays tribute to Father Brown star Mark Williams [TRIBUTE]The Handmaid's Tale fans exposes continuity error with Serena's finger [THEORY]Pamela Anderson has 'no intention' to watch her own documentary [EXPLAINER] Behind the founder of The Chippendales, Somen "Steve" Banerjee is actor Kumail Nanjiani who has been in Silicon Valley, The Boys and The Big Sick. He is joined by American Crime Story actress Annaleigh Ashford as his wife Irene and The White Lotus star Murray Bartlett as Nico de Noia. They are joined by actress Nicola Peltz who is the wife of model Brooklyn Beckham and plays Dorothy Stratten, a Canadian playboy model. These aren't the only recognisable faces in the eight-part limited series either. Actor Dan Stevens is behind Paul Snider, the estranged husband and manager of Dorothy. He famously murdered his young wife as she was in the middle of divorce proceedings. Stevens famously played Matthew Crawley in Downton Abbey and starred in Beauty and the Beast, The Guest and Legion. Welcome to Chippendales premieres on Wednesday, January 11, on Disney+.