 Alec Baldwin, 64, left some of his followers baffled on Sunday evening as he posted a sweet snap of his wife, Hilaria, 39 and their young son. The actor was blasted almost instantly by followers for turning a “sweet pic” into something “creepy af with the caption”.   The candid snap showed Hilaria sitting on their living room floor as their young son placed his hands on her shoulders, giving an adorably knowing smirk to the camera. Alec captioned the Instagram post: “The old 'let me give you a back rub' ploy. Potato chips to follow.” In the Golden Globe winners’ comment section, havoc reigned as followers argued over the caption’s meaning, with most agreeing that it was too “sexually suggestive” for a family snap. Another advised the actor: “Dude you need to consult your team before you post man this does not help your case.” READ MORE: Jamie Redknapp on 'perfect' wife Frida as he shares struggle to find love after Louise  One fan even took the time to explain that the “back rub ploy is a joke between grownups not mother/son”. However, many fans came to Alec’s defense, offering their own explanations for the caption and demanding the “trolls” to “get your mind out of the gutter”. One fan shared: “He could easily be buttering up Mom to stay up late or for an extra snack. People whose minds go anywhere else are the real problem.” Others also noted the disturbing timing: “Imagine being indicted for involuntary manslaughter and the first post you make after the announcement includes a picture of your attention-seeking wife, posed with your young son, and captioned with a sexually suggestive innuendo.”     Another brutally slammed the actor saying, in a similar line to his caption: “Or that old ‘this guns not loaded’ ploy.” The increasingly vicious comment section evidently had an impact on Alec as he soon commented on his own post saying: “I adjusted the text. I guess because…you know…there is so much of that Reddit trash out there.” However, it is unclear what changes were made to the caption. Last week, the actor was charged with involuntary manslaughter by the Santa Fe District Attorney.  In October 2021, the cast and crew of Rust, including Alec Baldwin and cinematographer Halyna Hutchin, were setting up for a scene at a ranch on the outskirts of Santa Fe. The actor was pointing a pistol, that was being used as a prop, at Halyna when the gun went off, killing the cinematographer and also injuring filmmaker Joel Souza. The Ukrainian was just 42 at the time of her death and is survived by her husband, Matthew Hutchins, and their young son Andros. This last fact led some viewers to believe Alec’s recent post was more maliciously intended than it may seem, as they believed he was “boasting” about his full family.  One commenter added: “If I accidentally took the life of a parent, I certainly wouldn’t be posting pictures of my spouse and child. “It’s not a good look. Find humility.” Rust’s armorer, Hannah Gutierrez Reed, will also be charged with involuntary manslaughter while the film’s assistant director, David Halls, has reportedly agreed to plead guilty to a misdemeanor charge of negligent use of a deadly weapon. In a statement made via social media last week, the special prosecutor appointed to the case, Andrea Reeb, said: “If any one of these three people—Alec Baldwin, Hannah Gutierrez-Reed or David Halls—had done their job, Halyna Hutchins would be alive today. “It’s that simple.”