Chelsea are reportedly working with a five-man shortlist heading into the summer transfer window with Todd Boehly wanting to bolster his midfield options while Jorginho is set to leave as a free agent. The Blues have endured a difficult campaign so far since Graham Potter took over from Thomas Tuchel. The German coach was given a hefty transfer budget to improve the playing squad with the likes of Marc Cucurella, Raheem Sterling and Kalidou Koulibaly joining. But Boehly sacked Tuchel just days after the transfer window closed with Potter coming in as his replacement. After a promising start, Potter has come under intense scrutiny with Chelsea winning just one of their last eight league matches. Attention has now turned to the January transfer window with Chelsea already being one of the most active clubs in the market. David Datro Fofana, Benoit Badiashile and Andrey Santos have since been joined by Joao Felix as new signings at Stamford Bridge. Felix joins on a short-term loan until the end of the season to help provide another option in the attacking areas. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  But it's in midfield where Chelsea may be in need of a reset come this summer. Both Jorginho and N'Golo Kante are out of contract at the end of the season while Denis Zakaria will likely return to Juventus following his loan spell. According to the Telegraph, Chelsea are working on getting Kante to sign a new contract and positive talks have been held with the Frenchman. However, the report adds that the west Londoners are losing confidence that Jorginho will put pen to paper on a new deal.  The Italian has flirted with the prospect of a return to Serie A in recent years and Chelsea supposedly believe he will look to leave as a free agent this summer. Kante is joined by Mason Mount as two priorities for Chelsea in contract discussions over the next few months. But they are also scouring the market for midfield options as Jorginho's possible replacement. It's said that five players feature highly on Chelsea's list of options, including England duo Declan Rice and Jude Bellingham. Moises Caicedo, Enzo Fernandez and Alexis Mac Allister are the other three options Chelsea are looking at and it's suggested they could try with a move this month. Chelsea have already failed to persuade Benfica into selling Fernandez in January with the Portuguese side frustrated in talks with the Blues.