LeBron James embraced NFL legend Shannon Sharpe at courtside as the NBA icon led the Los Angeles Lakers to a win over the Atlanta Hawks on Friday night, showing his true colours as an ultimate professional athlete. The Lakers secured a crucial victory - their fourth in a row - to boost their 2022/23 season record to 18-21. James dominated against the Hawks, scoring 25 points and adding 10 assists as well as seven rebounds in 33 minutes. The 38-year-old continues to hunt down Kareem Abdul-Jabbar in the all-time scoring standings as he finds himself just 450 points behind the iconic center. After the final buzzer sounded at the Crypto.com Arena, James ran to embrace Sharpe with the duo seen exchanging words. The Pro Football Hall of Famer is a vocal advocate of James as he clashes with Fox Sport’s ‘Undisputed’ co-host Skip Bayless, who often targets the Lakers star. Sharpe has been adamant about wanting to be present for the game in which James breaks the record and makes history. The 54-year-old has even calculated how many games James needs - and therefore when he will break it: the home clash against the Milwaukee Bucks on February 9. READ MORE: Giannis Antetokounmpo matches Kareem Abdul-Jabbar in historic NBA run Sharpe and James' embrace comes after the former tight end clashed with Bayless over Buffalo Bills safety Damar Hamlin's cardiac arrest on the field against the Cincinnati Bengals. Bayless caused controversy when he sent out a tweet while Hamlin was being treated by ambulance crews, asking how the NFL could be thinking of postponing the game due to scheduling issues that would arise, which Sharpe took exception to. Bayless often regularly interrupts his co-host and Sharpe even missed an episode of 'Undisputed' amid reports he could leave the show. Meanwhile, after a poor start to the campaign, the Lakers have shown some life and have won four successive matches since falling 112-98 to the Miami Heat on December 29. The 130-114 win over Atlanta pushes the Lakers slightly closer to entering play-in consideration. DON'T MISS NBA 'teleportation pass' has fans perplexed but there's an explanationLeBron James slammed over Los Angeles Lakers contract decisionLuka Doncic joins LeBron, Kobe and Jordan amid incredible NBA form James has played in three of the four wins, leading scoring 47 and 25 in two clashes against the Hawks while he added 43 in the victory over the Charlotte Hornets. Los Angeles’ other stars stepped up to win in James’ absence against the Heat with guard Dennis Schroeder leading with 32 points while Russell Wesbrook contributed with nine assists and eight rebounds to go with his 21 points. Against the Hawks on Friday, the roster stepped up once again to help the Lakers soar to victory behind James’ performance. Kendrick Nunn scored 23 off the bench while Westbrook added a stellar 18 points, 11 rebounds and nine assists. Superstar point guard Trae Young was the leading scorer for the Hawks - and the game - with 32 points. The 24-year-old is averaging 27.4 points per game this season while also providing 9.9 assists - the second-highest in the NBA. The Lakers have a quick turnaround as they travel to face the 20-17 Sacramento Kings on Saturday, while the Hawks - 18-21 themselves - stay in Los Angeles to clash with the Clipper on Sunday night.