One of the great mysteries of the current state of British politics is trying to understand how Sir Keir Starmer has managed to engineer a 20 plus point lead in the polls for Labour over the Conservatives. While an apparently decent, honourable and intelligent man, the Labour leader's lack of ability to inspire or articulate even a mildly compelling vision for Britain let alone captivate an audience was again on full display in East London today. It was obvious that Starmer meant buisness - partly because he did that thing that all politicians do when they mean business taking off his jacket and, yes, rolling up his sleeves. The visible cliche combined with a toothy grin at the start made him look more like the eponimous hero of Wallace and Gromit in The Wrong Trousers, except more Plasticine-like. And as he started to ramble on to a crackling microphone, it was obvious that Sir Keir was not done with political cliches, reeling them out one by one like some giant check list. So when the struggling sound system finally gave up for a few blessed minutes it was something of a relief and somehow provided much more of a message than the words he had been pushing out. The constant criticism has been of Starmer's leadership is that he lacks ideas and policies and apparently had a charisma transplant earlier in his life. He is, as people often note, not Tony Blair. But does it matter if he is going to win anyway? Perhaps after the nail biting excitement of Brexit and the shooting star, crash and burn premiership of Boris Johnson, boring is exactly what the country wants anyway. But it said a lot that, with the sound restored, the most gripping part of his speech was when he adopted the language and policies of his political opponents. The Remainer in chief who fought tooth and nail to stop Brexit embraced Take Back Control - "we will turn it from a political slogan into a solution." Leavers, it turns out, were right - although Express readers could have told Starmer that years ago if he had bothered to listen. There was though a catch. The "take back control" slogan was being used to justify his desire to hand more power to Nicola Sturgeon and the SNP in Scotland, the failing Welsh government led by Mark Drakeford in Wales and various municiple leaders around England. In the overarching language though there was little detail apart from the idea that the Tories have messed it up. READ MORE: Starmer left red-faced after audio cuts out moments into major speech And that of course is why Labour has such a big lead. Scandal of Partygate, a failing economy, two changes of Prime Minister - the country is saying it is fed up with the Conservatives not that it wants Labour. The old adage remains true that governments lose elections, oppositions don't win them. But there was some symbolism to the point that Starmer's speech today was just metres away from where Rishi Sunak's was yesterday. The similarity between the two men, not giving much detail, pivoting towards a social democrat centrism, vague promises and uninspiring technocrat speeches defined them both as they laid out their stalls for the new year. Perhaps after the excitement of the 2019 election with two charismatic but divisive leaders in Boris Johnson and Jeremy Corbyn, what we are seeing the battle of boring competency with their replacements. If that is to be the case may be it would be better to keep the sound off until it is all over. DON'T MISS Sunak urged to 'get on with it' after pledging to 'stop the boats'  [REVEAL] Rishi just reached for the life-raft, says DAVID MADDOX [INSIGHT] POLL – Should Rishi Sunak recall Parliament over NHS chaos? [REACT]