With the cost of living crisis not showing any signs of slowing down, many drivers will be looking to save money on car costs wherever they can. While the latest RAC Fuel Watch indicates that both the price of diesel and petrol should fall, fuel costs remain high. With that in mind, Dorry Potter, expert at National Scrap Car, urged drivers to make sure that their tyres are inflated properly and not to idle their vehicles. This is because underinflated tyres massively reduce fuel economy and can also lead to a £10,000 fine. Ms Potter said: "Not only are drivers at risk of a £2,500 fine per tyre for an inadequate set of wheels, but tyre pressure and performance will also affect how much fuel is being used. "If the tyres are not in optimum condition the engine has to work harder to move the car. READ MORE: Fine warning issued to drivers over fallen leaves that 'hide' dangers "A tyre under-inflated by 15psi uses six percent more fuel. Make sure you check tyres as we approach the colder months and replace where necessary." Ms Potter also warned drivers about common fuel-saving mistakes that could land them in trouble. She added: "For example, not idling the car. This is actually an offence if done on a public road anyway but leaving your car to defrost will also use fuel as the engine will be being used unnecessarily. "Then there is reducing the weight within the vehicle. Staycations are likely over for the year for many, meaning roof racks can be taken off the car and similarly if you have anything in the car which doesn’t need to be, remove it to lighten the load and lessen the consumption of fuel." DON'T MISS Motorists warned of Highway Code rules amid EV ownership changes [WARNING] Electric cars can be taken to a car wash - popular EV myths busted [INSIGHT] Hydrogen cars unlikely to be the future of motoring amid concerns [REVEAL]  An RAC spokesperson said: “There are some simple ways to help you save fuel – and here at the RAC, we have an expert guide looking at all the ways you can implement this if you are looking at cutting costs.” They urged drivers to concentrate on regular maintenance and servicing as it improves the efficiency of the vehicle, and therefore improves fuel consumption. They highlighted that this was particularly important for tyres, which need to be inflated to the correct and legal specifications. Another fuel-saving tip is to hold back on the speed, with the RAC saying excessive speed is the “biggest fuel-guzzling factor”. READ MORE: Motorists warned of winter driveway misery with snow and frost Having a light right foot and ensuring all acceleration is gentle is very important for fuel-efficient driving. The spokesperson added: “Fuel efficiency is all about keeping moving and not losing momentum. “Accelerating and fast braking is very costly in fuel consumption terms, and so is going up any steep incline. “Being aware of the road ahead and adjusting accordingly can make a massive difference.  “Driving with a window open also has a similar impact. However, using the AC takes power from the engine and so it impacts fuel consumption. “Only use it when absolutely necessary and avoid for shorter journeys.” The latest RAC Fuel Watch indicates that drivers will have to pay 163.70p per litre of unleaded on average. The situation is even worse for diesel drivers who can expect to fork out 188.12p per litre on average. 