A number of warnings have been issued across the nation as the country is plunged into sub-zero temperatures. A yellow weather warning shows that severe weather is possible and may affect people within the given region. The impacted areas include North West England, Wales, Northern Ireland, London and the South East. The Met Office’s yellow warning warns of ice and snowy conditions across the UK following a prior warning of snow and ice in northern Scotland. It warned: “A few centimetres of snow are likely at low levels over a given 24-hour period, with the potential for 10-15cm above 200 metres, especially across parts of the Highlands. “Ice will be an additional hazard, especially Tuesday night.” Now, the weather service has updated its warnings to include alongside northern Scotland, northern England, Northern Ireland, parts of Wales and the South of England. The weather warnings for all areas outside of Scotland end between 10.00am and 12.00 on Tuesday, while the hazardous Scottish conditions are set to remain for another day. Temperatures are set to dip to -2C in London, -3C in Edinburgh and Belfast, -1C in Cardiff and in Scotland, which is most affected, the Highland areas could see -10C. The Met Office warned that for most on Tuesday: “Ice is likely to cause difficult driving conditions at first this morning. READ MORE: Arctic blast starts to blanket Britain as more regions hit with snow “Rain, sleet and snow followed by clearing skies leading to icy stretches will disrupt commuters and pose a hazard to people who may slip and fall, especially on untreated roads.” The icy conditions have been worsened by the recent heavy rain which has also caused flooding leading to a “huge operation” to contain the flood water. The Environment Agency is focusing on controlling swollen rivers in Somerset, in what has been called a “huge operation” by Ian Withers, a worker with the Agency. The Met Office added: “Following the recent very wet weather, sub-zero temperatures overnight will mean that any water seeping onto roads will continue to freeze, leading to icy stretches, particularly, but not exclusively on untreated surfaces.” DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: 'Your tanks will burn,' Putin puppet tells Sunak (LIVE)Biden forgets name of MLK III's wife while singing 'Happy Birthday' (REVEAL)Dnipro death toll likely to rise after Russian missile attack (INSIGHT) However, parts of the Highlands may see 10-15cm of snow while the low levels will see a few centimetres. The Met Office said: “Further frequent, heavy snow showers are likely for much of the area through the rest of Monday, much of Tuesday, lasting into Wednesday morning. “Away from immediate coasts a further 2-5cm of snow is likely, with 10-20cm possible about 100m. “As well as this, a more prolonged period of snow may affect Shetland and Orkney Tuesday morning, before this band of more persistent snow affects other parts of northeast Scotland." It concluded: “As winds increase into Tuesday, some drifting of snow, and temporary blizzard conditions are possible. Ice will be an additional hazard.”