Andy Murray cracked a suggestive joke involving his wife Kim Sears after pulling off a comeback from two sets down against Thanasi Kokkinakis to advance to the third round of the Australian Open with a 4-6 6-7(4) 7-6(5) 6-3 7-5 victory. The world No 66 spent five hours and 45 minutes on court, finishing after 4am, but was still in the mood to give the crowd a laugh after the longest match and latest finish of his career. Murray pulled off an epic comeback in the second round of the Australian Open after trailling Kokkinakis by two sets and 2-5. The match ended up finishing just ten minutes shy of the longest-ever Aussie Open clash while the Brit himself shattered his own personal records for longest match and latest finish. Despite finishing after 4am in Melbourne, the 35-year-old was in great spirits as he cracked some jokes involving his wife. "I have a big heart," the three-time Grand Slam champion confessed as he tried to explain how he managed to pull off the comeback after five hours and 45 minutes on court, prompting interview John Fitzgerald to tell him: "Well if I may say, I think you have big everything I think." And the former world No 1 was quick to take the opportunity to make fun of himself, responding: "I'm not sure my wife would agree." Fitzgerald later joked that Murray was a "strange guy" and the world No 66 admitted that was something Kim would be able to get behind, saying: "My wife says that!" JUST IN: Becker has Nadal retirement view and tips Spaniard for new role  Reflecting on his remarkable comeback in the early hours of the morning, he started: "Yeah, I mean I don't know." The Brit was almost speechless as he gathered his thoughts, continuing: "It was unbelievable that I managed to turn that around. Thanasi was playing, serving ubleievable and hitting his forehand huge, I don't know how I managed to get through it. I did start playing better as the match went on and yeah, I have a big heart." Asked how he came back from 0-2 sets down, Murray then referenced something Fitzgerald told him during his on-court interview after his opening five-set win over Matteo Berrettini. "Remember the other day you mentioned the stat after my match the other day, but I think now I have the most matches coming back from two sets to love down," he said. "So I have done it before, I have experience of it and yeah, I just rely on that experience and that drive and that fight and my love of the game and competing and my respect for this event and the competition and that's why I kept going." DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic demands apology after being 'lynched' at Aus OpenDjokovic has just had his Kyrgios moment at the Australian OpenZverev gives snappy press conference after early exit in comeback   Murray continued: "I'm aware I don't look particularly happy when I'm playing a lot of the time but that's when I'm on my happiest on the inside. I've always loved competing, I've always worn my heart on my sleeve and shown my emotions when I played and I've been criticised a lot for it over the years but that’s who I am." When he was told that was who the fans loved, he laughed and responded: "I don't know about that but look, thanks so much to everyone for staying. It's ridiculously late, you didn't need to do that but it really helps me and Thanasi in a situation like that when we have all of you creating an amazing atmosphere for us so I appreciate that." But he was quick to note the time, adding: "Everyone including me I think we should all get off to bed now." But Fitzgerald had one last observation to make as he noted that Murray came from two sets down to beat Fernando Verdasco at Wimbledon in 2013 before winning the title and asking if he remembered how that event ended, hinting that another trophy could be on the cards. "I'm aware that the tournament finished well for me," Murray laughed. "It was one of best weeks in my life on the court. Let's hope I can keep going here but I need to keep recovering now." 