When it comes to drying clothes indoors, it’s natural that people will hang washing up on drying racks instead of using tumble dryers, which are one of the most energy-intensive devices in the home. However, the added moisture in the air can turn into damp and mould if it has nowhere to go. To help Britons, Chris Michael, Managing Director of Meaco, the UK’s leading air purification specialists, have shared five ways to reduce the likelihood of damp occurring. The expert explained: “Many everyday tasks create moisture, often without us noticing. “By putting lids on saucepans when boiling or steaming vegetables and using an extractor fan briefly, or opening a window when using the bath or shower, homeowners can reduce moisture vapour in the air.” Drying clothes indoors is gentler than tossing and tumbling in a dryer and according to the expert, prevents static cling. Before taking them out of the washing machine, use an extra rinse cycle to keep the amount of water left in the clothes to a minimum. READ MORE: Gardening expert shares ‘pretty’ but ‘poisonous’ plants to avoid The expert said: “Place a drying rack away from walls to prevent the moisture from being trapped. “Hang items individually and with as much space in between them as possible so they will dry more quickly. Open windows to enable airflow.” The expert recommended making the most of any natural sunlight to help keep your home wam and dry out any damp air. He added: “Opening curtains and blinds in the day prevents moisture from being trapped around the windows and using rugs and mats on wooden and stone floors can make rooms feel warmer too.” DON'T MISS:Six paint colours to ‘avoid’ in your home - ‘ditch the grey’ [COMMENT]‘Simple’ methods to add 10% to property value through gardens [INSIGHT]‘Ideal temperature’ for living rooms - 16C is too cold [EXPLAINER] Encouraging air flow and removing any opportunity for damp to spread through the home reduces damage and mould. This includes opening doors of built-in wardrobes that sit on outside walls and trying to keep furniture from touching any outside wall. Chris noted: “Keeping gutters clear also decreases the amount of water that may spill down external walls, which could contribute to moisture in the home.” According to the expert, “the only way” to fully remove moisture without opening windows and turning the heating up, is to use a dehumidifier. READ MORE: Eight food scraps to use in the garden - can ‘deter’ pests While this is an initial investment, it can save money in the long run. The pro explained: “Dehumidifiers reduce the level of humidity by sucking in air from the room, removing the moisture, and then blowing the warm, dry air back out into the room again. “This can help to remove the ‘damp chill’ factor in the air, so the central heating could run at a lower temperature or even be switched off. “Dehumidifiers are effective at drying washing indoors and use considerably less electricity than tumble dryers. “They can cost as little as 8p per hour to run. Look for dehumidifiers that have a dedicated laundry mode where the machine run up to six hours before switching itself off to save energy.” For extra savings, look for models which use a humidistat, which means the device switches itself off when the target humidity is reached, only switching on again if it detects an increase in humidity. A dehumidifier will help to dry laundry as well as prevent condensation from forming on the inside of windows. It can also prevent mould from growing on walls, clothing and furniture.