Road safety experts at Road Angel are urging drivers to check for changes in their local areas and to get any necessary permits to prevent facing fines for driving through Clean Air Zones. Drivers in London already face charges if they wish to enter the capital’s low and ultra low emission zones (ULEZ). Five other UK cities have already introduced clean air zones with three more due to start in the coming weeks and months. Currently, drivers in Bath, Birmingham, Bradford, Bristol and Portsmouth all face potential charges based on the level of their emissions. Tyneside is set to introduce its own Clean Air Zone on January 30 and Sheffield will follow suit on February 27. Greater Manchester is the third local authority set to introduce a clean air zone in 2023 although they have yet to agree on a date. READ MORE: Warning issued to drivers over cashless car parking scams Cities are able to choose one of four possible Clean Air Zones from Class A through to Class D. Each class targets different types of road vehicles. and failure to comply can result in a fine of up to £120. Currently, only Birmingham and Bristol have introduced Class D Clean Air Zones. These are the most far-reaching and require private car drivers to register and potentially pay charges depending on the level of their emissions. DON'T MISS Motorists must report 10 'surprising' medical conditions to the DVLA [INSIGHT] Drivers risk using six percent more fuel by making a simple tyre error [REVEAL] Electric car uptake could be affected by EV tax with drivers put-off [WARNING] Both Bath and Bradford have introduced Class C Clean Air Zones. These target vans, minibuses, coaches, taxis, HGVs, buses and private hire vehicles but not privately owned cars. Portsmouth is currently the only city to have brought in Class B restrictions where charges apply to coaches, taxis, HGVs, buses and private hire vehicles but not cars, vans or minibuses. It’s believed that Sheffield is planning on a Class C zone while Tyneside is planning to introduce Class B restrictions. Details for Manchester’s upcoming zone have not yet been finalised. READ MORE: UK drivers warned of fines for driving a petrol or diesel car in Spain A spokesperson for Road Angel said: “We welcome changes to improve air quality in our cities but we don't want these changes to take any drivers by surprise. “Therefore we are urging drivers who may be visiting any of these cities to check the Government’s website to find out if they are required to obtain a permit for a clean air zone. “It’s also worth checking the vehicle’s logbook where information on the vehicle’s emission rate can be found to determine if charges can be applicable in clean air zones. “If drivers don’t pay the fee applied to their area within six days of entering the clean air zone, they can face a standard penalty charge of £120. “Going forward, we predict this will encourage drivers to turn to electric vehicles so they don’t have to face further charges for their vehicle's emission rates. “While Sheffield and Tyneside are currently the only areas planned to introduce charges in 2023, along with the possibility of Greater Manchester, it doesn’t stop the case for more cities across the UK to add their names to the list.”