Lockwood and Co is on Netflix and the series is based on the books of the same name. Lucy Carlyle (played by Ruby Stokes) moved to London in tribute to her friend Norrie who was trapped in an unconscious state. Viewers are keen to know whether she ever wakes up in the series. At the start of the series, Lucy was working under Agent Jacobs when they were sent to Wythburn Mill. Lucy could already sense the job was a lot more dangerous than they initially thought and she felt reluctant to continue. She asked her supervisor to pull the team back so they could reassess the plan, but he refused. As a result, members of the team were taken over by the ghosts, including Norrie. READ MORE: Lockwood & Co trailer teases Bridgerton star’s new role Lucy was the only survivor of the incident and she never came to terms with the huge loss. When Lucy gave evidence, she was forced to admit she had detected nothing concrete, so the incident was declared to be a classic case of Death By Misadventure. Norrie only appeared sporadically throughout the series as Lucy was still haunted by the loss. She was determined to keep her promise to Norrie and achieve her Level 4 so she could join an esteemed agency in London. At the end of the series, Lucy made a cassette tape to play to Norrie telling her about her achievements. Sadly by the season finale, Norrie was still in a state of unconsciousness, with no suggestion she would wake up. As the tragedy acted as the catalyst for Lucy's move to London, she is likely to remain a minor character in the series. The show did finish on a major cliffhanger, suggesting there are plans for a second outing. DON'T MISS... The Crown star opens up on Prince Philip and Penny’s friendship [INSIGHT] Vikings Valhalla’s Leo Suter teases Harald becoming king [DISCUSSION] Bling Empire New York's Stephen Hung is two decades older than wife [INSIGHT] Lucy may try and find a way of waking Norrie up further down the line, but for now, she remains asleep and unaware of what is happening. While Lucy was trying to escape from the hospital following the house fire at the start of the series, she came across many other young people who had suffered the same fate as Norrie. This could be an indication that Norrie's fate will be addressed at some stage. The fact she has been absent from the series has also paved the way for Lucy and Anthony Lockwood's (Cameron Chapman) relationship to develop. The series was inspired by the five books written by Jonathan Stroud. They include The Screaming Staircase, The Whispering Skull, The Hollow Boy, The Creeping Shadow, and The Empty Grave. Showrunner Joe Cornish told The Standard how season one came to be, saying: "We just put our pens down and told each other ghost stories. "‘Can you tell us the scariest thing that’s ever happened to you? What’s the closest you’ve come to a haunting?’ “As soon as you say that the atmosphere in the room changes and the hair stands up on the back of everybody’s neck. I love it. I think it’s great.”  Lockwood and Co is on Netflix now