People on certain benefits, including Pension Credit and Universal Credit, may be eligible for the £25 payment, which is made each time the payment is triggered for a postcode. Eligible people may want to check if they are due a payment, as the payments have been triggered twice in recent weeks in some areas. The payments are triggered in line with temperature recordings and estimates from several weather stations across England, Wales and Northern Ireland. Government figures have been published with totals for the number of triggers in England and Wales. Almost 4.3 million payments have been made in the two countries since the scheme started for this winter, at the start of November, including payments to 1.3 million people on Pension Credit. This includes just over four million payments in England and almost 250,000 payments in Wales. The scheme has been replaced in Scotland with the Winter Heating Payment, a one-off £50 payment that goes out to eligible people regardless of the weather conditions. READ MORE: Are you eligible for free NHS prescriptions? Full list of qualifying conditions  1719726  Below is a list of all the weather stations in England and Wales where the payments have been activated, including the number of times they have been activated: DON'T MISS: Retiree loses over £50,000 and takes out second mortgage in scam [INSIGHT]Could you unlock money from your home to repay your mortgage? [EXPLAINED]2023 could be ‘quite tough’ for homeowners - housing market prediction [ANALYSIS] A person in England and Wales can check if a payment has been triggered in their postcode using a checker tool on the GOV.UK website. People in Northern Ireland can check if they are due a payment using a tool on the NI direct website. The scheme runs until the end of March. People on these benefits may be eligible for a payment: READ MORE: Mum-of-five turns side hustle into full-time job making £70,000 a year  People on Universal Credit usually get the payment if they are not employed or self-employed. They will also need to have either a health condition or disability and have limited capability for work, with or without a work-related activity, or a child under five living with them. People of state pension age may also want to check if they are eligible for Pension Credit, as this provides access to several other benefits. Claimants over 75 can get a free TV licence and may be able to get a reduction on their council tax. The benefit tops up the weekly income of people on low incomes, with the Guarantee Credit element increasing a person’s income to £182.60 for single claimants, or to £287.70 for couples. Claimants can get extra payments on top of this depending on their situation, for example if they have a severe disability or care for another adult. A person can find out how much they can claim using the Pension Credit calculator tool on the Government website. Applicants can file their application up to four months before they reach the state pension age, which is currently 66 for men and women.