Manchester United have mocked Manchester City after posting a video of Bruno Fernandes’ controversial equaliser on Saturday with the song ‘U Can’t Touch This’ played over the top as Marcus Rashford ran through on goal. Many believed the Red Devils’ first goal in the derby should have been disallowed with the Englishman in an offside position and appearing to impact play despite not touching the ball. United moved within a point of the Sky Blues after the 2-1 win at the weekend but the turning point in the match came in dubious circumstances in the 78th minute. Rashford was originally played through by Casemiro, chasing after the ball before realising he was in an offside position. He then attempted to stop his run to allow the onrushing Fernandes to fire past Ederson instead. The goal was initially ruled out by referee Stuart Attwell before he overturned after consulting with linesman Darren Cann. VAR did not see fit to change the decision after it had been made. It proved to be a crucial moment in the game with Rashford doubling United’s tally four minutes later to seal the three points. The decision prompted a furious response from City players who surrounded the referee while Jack Grealish was caught swearing at the official after the match. Now, United have poked fun at their rivals' complaints with a video on their Tik Tok page. The video shows Rashford running through on goal to the song ‘U Can’t Touch This’ in reference to the fact if he touches the ball the goal will not stand. It has already received plenty of views, with the club’s page followed by over 20million people. Citizens' boss Pep Guardiola joined his players in complaining about the decision after the game but conceded his team should have done more to avoid losing the match from that point. "Rashford is offside. Bruno Fernandes is not offside. The question is intervening or not intervening in the action," said Guardiola. "When one player shoots and [another] player is in front of the keeper and does not touch the ball, it's disallowed all the time. "The decision is of course [belonging to] the referees and VAR. We follow the action, we don't make an offside [appeal], we follow the action and after the action, it's either Ederson intervenes [with a save] or not. "What can we improve? After we concede the goal, in the next few minutes we cannot concede the next one. We allowed them to score. Come, come, come. This is the most important detail we have to improve for the future."