Donald Trump may start tweeting again, a confidante of the former president has claimed. Advisers on the real estate mogul's 2024 presidential campaign have been thinking about what his first post should be, according to reports.  Mr Trump was banned from the social media platform following the 2021 US capitol riots but he has been allowed to return following Elon Musk's takeover of the company. An anonymous Republican said that Mr Trump's return to Twitter was inevitable. They told Sky News: "Trump is probably coming back to Twitter. "It's just a question of how and when.  "He's been talking about it for weeks, but Trump speaks for Trump, so it's anyone's guess what he'll do or say or when." Mr Trump has also told Fox News that he is in talks with Meta about the possibility of a return to Facebook and Instagram. He said: "We are talking to them, and we'll see how it all works out. "If they took us back, it would help them greatly, and that's okay with me.  READ MORE: Ana Walshe's husband has chilling Google search history listed "But they need us more than we need them." Facebook originally said that Mr Trump's ban which was imposed in January 2021 would be reviewed in two years with the review date of January 7 2023 already having pasted. At the time of the ban the social media giant said that Trump would only be allowed back on the platform if the "risk to public safety" had receded. A Meta spokesperson declined to comment on Trump's ban other than saying that the firm "will announce a decision in the coming weeks in line with the process we laid out".  DON'T MISS: Calls for Kamala Harris to be 'fired' over immigration explosion [REVEAL] Remains of missing woman found five years after she went missing [INSIGHT] Dream Mexico holiday turns nightmare after tourist killed [SPOTLIGHT]  Speaking to NBC News, a Trump advisor said that the campaign believes that Facebook would reinstate him. A number of House Democrats including Adam Schiff of California told Facebook last month to keep Trump off the platform. During his various bans Mr Trump set up his own social media platform Truth social with 4.8 million followers compared to 88 million on Twitter and 34 million on Facebook. 