Meghan lamented Kate was getting first dibs on a designer they both particularly liked despite the now Princess of Wales "wasn't even Queen", it has been claimed. Royal commentator Camilla Tominey compiled a series of reports published over the years regarding the difficult relationship between Kate and Meghan. While the two royals were different in many aspects, they shared a love for the work of fashion designer Erdem Moralıoğlu, the journalist wrote. While she had donned multiple dresses by this Canadian-Turkish creator prior to joining the Firm and at private events, the Duchess of Sussex was not seen wearing a piece by the designer at an official royal engagement until the Commonwealth Day service in March 2019. Kate, on the other hand, was seen donning a number of pieces by the artist over the years, including for her first-ever official trip to Ottawa only weeks after her wedding in 2011. The then Duchess of Cambridge was reportedly given "priority" to designs by the Erdem brand due to the fact she was already a client as well as for her more prominent position within the Firm than Meghan. This preferential treatment, Ms Tominey reported, did not "go down well with Meghan". The journalist wrote in The Telegraph: "Suffice to say the notion of her soon-to-be sister-in-law receiving preferential treatment did not, it is claimed go down well with Meghan." Ms Tominey also reported the claim the Duchess of Sussex was so puzzled by the honour granted to her sister-in-law she questioned why she was given priority over her, especially as Kate "wasn’t even Queen". Express.co.uk has contacted Archewell for comment. READ MORE: Harry missed 32 calls from Royal Family about Prince Philip's death This reported episode shows how the relationship between Meghan and Kate had been lukewarm at best since the very beginning. Prince Harry did not shy away from the issue of the tensions between his sister-in-law and his wife either in his memoir, Spare, or in the interviews which accompanied its launch. Speaking to ITV's Tom Bradby, Harry said that even before meeting Meghan he had a "lot of hope" in the idea that working with his wife alongside Prince William and Kate would bring him closer to his brother. He continued: "I don’t think they were ever expecting me to get into a relationship with someone like Meghan who had, you know, a very successful career. There was a lot of stereotyping that was happening, that I was guilty of as well, at the beginning." Explaining what he meant by "stereotyping", he added: "American actress, right, and that was playing out in the British press in the media at the time as well. "So you know, the fact that I had that in the back of my mind, and some of the things that my brother and sister-in-law... some of the way that they were acting or behaving definitely felt to me as though unfortunately that stereotyping was causing a bit of a barrier to them really sort of, you know, introducing or welcoming her in." In his book, the Duke delved into the notorious bridesmaid dress row between Kate and Meghan, which left his then bride-to-be "sobbing on the floor". Meghan herself had also touched upon her bond with Kate while appearing in the six-part Netflix docu-series released last month. Recalling her first-ever meeting with the now Prince and Princess of Wales, Meghan said: "I was a hugger, always being a hugger I didn't realise that that is really jarring for a lot of Brits. I guess I started to understand very quickly that the formality on the outside, carried through on the inside."