Brighton are reportedly unwilling to change their view on selling Moises Caicedo despite the midfielder's public plea to let him join Arsenal before the transfer window closes. The Gunners have had a £60million bid turned down by the Seagulls as Mikel Arteta desperately tries to land a midfielder before the deadline on Tuesday, and it appears unlikely that Brighton will entertain an improved bid. In a social media post that appeared on Friday night, the Ecuadorian starlet gave a candid view on his feelings about signing for Arsenal, pleading with Brighton to allow him to "take up this magnificent opportunity" by accepting the north London outfit's offer. And the incident has left a sour taste for club officials, who are 'unimpressed' with the advice given to him, according to The Independent. The club reportedly value Caicedo at around £75m and are unwilling to dicuss bids below that figure. The South Coast outfit have stood firm over their valuation when selling star names such as Ben White and Marc Cucurella in the past and are similarly reluctant to sell the talented 21-year-old for lower than their valuation. Caicedo signed from Independiente del Valle for just £4.5m in February 2021, but could be sold for a club-record fee only two years later. READ MORE: Arsenal 'submit £60m bid' for Caicedo as Edu moves ahead of Chelsea   "I am grateful to Mr. Bloom and Brighton for giving me the chance to come to the Premier League and I feel I have always done my best for them. I always play football with a smile and with heart," Caicedo's statement read on his official Instagram page. "I am the youngest of 10 siblings from a poor upbringing in Santa Domingo in Ecuador. My dream always to be the most decorated player in the history of Ecuador. "I am proud to be able to bring in a record transfer fee for Brighton which would allow them to reinvest it and help the club continue to be successful. The fans have taken me into their hearts and they will always be in my heart so I hope they can understand why I want to take up this magnificent opportunity.” DON'T MISSArsenal make decision on signing Bamba after Caicedo bid rejectedBrighton shed light on private Moises Caicedo talksChelsea have three fallback options if Arsenal sign Moises Caicedo Only earlier this week, Caicedo had revealed he was happy to stay at the club and insisted he would not be distracted by speculation regarding his future. Brighton coach Roberto De Zerbi disclosed that he met with the midfielder to discuss his feelings and cast doubt over his departure. "I spoke with him on Wednesday and he is relaxed. I think it's always difficult to change clubs inside the season as you can find some problems," De Zerbi said. "I hope he can stay with us until the end of the season because in my opinion that is the best solution for him and for us. I spoke with him like a father, not as a coach. "I understand it when a player has the possibility to change teams and go to a very big club, but my work is to not only give the style of play but also to give advice for his career and his life." It remains to be seen whether Arsenal will return with another bid for Caicedo after seeing their first offer turned down, but with Chelsea also keen on the Ecuador international, Brighton face a fight to hold on to their young star.