Arsenal have reportedly submitted a £60million bid for Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo as they look to steal an advantage over Chelsea in the race to secure his signature. Both sides are in the market for reinforcements in the centre of the park and have identified the Ecuador international as an improving talent, though striking a deal for his services is going to prove incredibly difficult. Brighton have insisted that Caicedo is not for sale this month as they look to secure European football for the first time in their history. However, that has not deterred interest from the ‘Bix Six’, who are keen to test the resolve of the Seagulls. Reports circulated that Brighton have already rejected a verbal offer of £55million from Chelsea for the 21-year-old, and Arsenal have now made their interest concrete. According to Fabrizio Romano, Arsenal have submitted a £60m bid for the midfielder, which has been rejected reports The Athletic Arsenal have reportedly submitted a £60million bid for Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo as they look to steal an advantage over Chelsea in the race to secure his signature. Both sides are in the market for reinforcements in the centre of the park and have identified the Ecuador international as an improving talent. . Mikel Arteta has made it no secret that he is keen to bolster his ranks in midfield before the transfer window closes, with several different options being explored as they look to continue their title charge. After failing to land Mykhaylo Mudryk earlier this month, the north London side are not willing to allow a top target head to Stamford Bridge once again and are keen to land Caicedo before a bidding war breaks out at the end of the season. However, that is looking a likely outcome at this stage given how promptly Roberto De Zerbi’s side have rejected the last two offers for their No 25. The midfielder has impressed for Brighton so far this season and played a vital role in their success, with the club currently sixth in the Premier League and looking likely contenders for one of the European spots. The former Independiente del Valle was thrown into the first team at the Amex Stadium under Graham Potter, and the now-Chelsea boss has been vocal about how he would like to reunite with the midfielder. Brighton have not set a price tag for Caicedo, further cementing their stance that he is not for sale. Though Arsenal will be hoping that the prospect of challenging for the title will turn the head of the playmaker and provide them with the green light to submit a second bid. Caicedo recently insisted that he was happy at Brighton and not looking to leave the club, telling the Brighton club site: “I am focused on Brighton. I am here, I’m playing every day. Things from outside don’t trouble me, nor does it take that focus away because I’m focused only on here. “I handle [the speculation] well. You hear rumours here and there, but I only try to be focused on the club where I am now, the club which opened the doors for me to be playing every week.”