Liverpool may be without Darwin Nunez at Brighton on Saturday (3pm). The Uruguayan missed training on Thursday just days after scoring his 10th goal of the season. He has an unspecified knock which is likely to at least deny him a spot in the Reds’ starting line-up at the Amex Stadium, if not rule him out of travelling altogether. It is a killer blow for Liverpool even if Nunez’s issue is expected only to be minor. That’s because Roberto Firmino has not yet returned to training, despite his muscle injury three weeks ago having also been categorised as minor. Diogo Jota and Luis Diaz remain out for the long haul and so the only senior forwards available to Jurgen Klopp are Mohamed Salah and new boy Cody Gakpo, who has only played 84 minutes for the club and not a single one in the Premier League. That leaves Klopp with very few options ahead of an incredibly tough assignment at Brighton... The simplest option - stick with a 4-3-3, move Gakpo to centre-forward and bring in a stand-in left-winger. Liverpool don’t have any natural wide men so Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Fabio Carvalho - who have both played there this term - are the two best options. MUST READ: Chelsea 'line up Moises Caicedo bid' as Blues make star priority However, neither has massively impressed in the role this season because they don’t offer the same qualities as the players that usually do. Oxlade-Chamberlain had a pre-season stint as a false nine but starting him centrally would arguably be a bigger gamble than utilising him out wide. Likelihood? 8/10 - Oxlade-Chamberlain at LW seems likely  With Firmino surely unlikely to start at Brighton even if he trains today (Friday), perhaps Klopp might consider starting Gakpo and Salah in a front two. A Carvalho, Harvey Elliott or even a Naby Keita might be better suited to a No 10 role behind the two rather than out wide. Oxlade-Chamberlain could then provide legs in midfield alongside Thiago Alcantara and one of Fabinho and Jordan Henderson. This would deny Liverpool width other than what their full-backs could provide, but would give them one extra body in what will be a testing midfield battle. Likelihood? 6/10 - Asking too much of Alexander-Arnold and Robertson? DON'T MISS...Man Utd, Chelsea and Arsenal have six same targets on shopping listMudryk uses cat as decoy in desperate attempt to seal Arsenal transferMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag facing pressure to make four transfer calls If Klopp really wanted to mix things up, he does have another winger in his pack who has made a real impression of late. Ben Doak, 17, got minutes at Aston Villa on Boxing Day as well as against Wolves in the FA Cup. The lively Scot is far more eager to get on the ball and drive at opponents than a Carvalho. Klopp could spring a surprise and move Salah to centre-forward, with Gakpo on the left and Doak starting on the right in what would be a huge step-up for the teenager. Likelihood? 4/10 - Klopp likes him, but he’s only ever played Doak for 16 minutes at most Likely Liverpool XI vs Brighton: Alisson; Alexander-Arnold, Matip, Konate, Robertson; Fabinho, Thiago, Elliott; Salah, Gakpo, Oxlade-Chamberlain