New maps show a turbulent February is on the cards - with an extremely cold band of Arctic conditions sweeping over the UK by Valentine's Day. WXCHARTS, an interactive weather model, has produced several scenarios which show the country freezing in bitterly sub-zero temperatures by February 14. If this front doesn't succumb to high pressure from the south, which would potentially take the sting out of the plunging mercury, it could bring the coldest snap Britain has seen all season, surpassing that of the icy period just before Christmas. Dubbed a "very cold period" by Brian Gaze, founder of the Weather Outlook, the mercury will start to tumble in the week prior to Valentine's - with Tuesday, February 7 seeing a start of chilly temperatures. These range from 0C in the south at midday to -2C in Wales and 1C in Scotland. During this time, there is no sign of snow - but it may be the calm before the wintry showers - as thermometers continue to slip below freezing until the end of the week. The weekend of February 11 and 12 looks to be the turning point, where the mercury dips to new lows. Maps predict snow to fall across much of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales by Saturday, February 11 during the afternoon, with more coming overnight and into Monday. The snowy conditions look to affect areas north of the Midlands initially, but this changes as time goes on, with the south eventually getting a lashing before the weekend is out. But it's February 14 which is currently showing a tirade of dangerous conditions that may hit the UK in its entirety. Without the intervention of high pressure, London could be shuddering at -4C during the day, with this decreasing further to -5C in the Midlands and -7C in the north east.  While these interactive models show a deterioration in the weather, forecasters still remain on the side of caution at the moment. This is despite the Met Office, the Weather Outlook and British Weather Services all predicting the after effects of Sudden stratospheric warming, the cause of 2018's Beast from the East, potentially taking place two weeks after the weather event starts. SSW is defined as being a swift jump in temperatures in the stratosphere that is sometimes linked to the onset of cold weather in winter. The "warming" part of the phrase refers to what occurs above ground and has no relevance to what is actually felt. According to the Met Office, this SSW has already started - but there is a reluctance at the moment to link it to any cold snaps on the horizon. Jim Dale, from British Weather Services told Express.co.uk: "Cold is expected by then, yes, but the detail is far from conclusive. "I can say it’s starting to change with a freeze/snow becoming a threat but details are yet to be determined." He this next weather pattern cannot be blamed on the SSW just yet. And with a fortnight yet to go, "opposing forces and high pressure to the south" could somewhat tame the beast. READ MORE: Top 20 remedies for warding off a cold - like vitamins and vapour rub  Brian Gaze, founder of The Weather Outlook, said in his 14 day forecast: "There is a potential, and that's all it is at this stage, for some interesting developments to take place. But, as ever, it is essential to remain completely objective when looking at the data and that is what I intend to be doing." In his analysis of the weather in the run-up to mid-February he said a Beast from the East would be "unlikely" but that it would be rather cold, thanks to strong winds coming from the continent. "The chance of cold arctic air being pulled down to mid latitude locations such as the UK increases approximately two weeks after SSW due to the jet stream pattern becoming wavier or more amplified," he added. The Met Office's long-range forecast, updated daily, now reflects the changes that can be seen in interactive models to an extent. Analysing the period between February 5 and 14, it says there is a "small chance" of a colder period ahead.  It says: "Sunday is likely to be a widely fine day, with long sunny spells across all areas, with residual showers in the far north clearing through the morning, and with cloud and light rain in the south also clearing. "Cloudier conditions may begin to develop in the far west later. Strong winds in the north at first but easing through the day. Further into the period the conditions are expected to remain settled for many at first, with the most of any wet weather likely in the far northwest. "Temperatures most likely around average for most. Later, the most likely scenario is for wetter, windier and milder weather to move in from the west, however there is a small chance of easterly winds developing bringing colder weather and some snow showers." 