Fans have been flocking to social media to demand to know what has happened to fiery contestant Zara Lackenby Brown as she did not appear in any major scenes on the hit ITV show on Monday night. Viewers questioned why she was left out with only a few minutes of airtime at the end of the episode. In the latest episode, Zara, 25, was seen talking to fellow Islander Tanya who revealed Tom Clare, had shared a kiss with new housemate Ellie. On hearing the news, Zara rushed to tell Olivia, who she was previously part of a love triangle with. This was the only time viewers saw Zara given any airtime and many demanded to know why she was "missing" from the majority of the episode. One fan posted on Twitter: “ZARA IS MISSING HELP US FIND HER I HAVEN'T HEARD HER ALL DAY.” READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss Another concerned fan added: “The producers said if Zara is not going to give us drama we aint giving her ANY screen time, Where is she? Not even as a background extra.” While a third posted: “They’ve just x’d Zara out of the show now that she left that exhausting love triangle…I need her to still get her camera time!” While Zara wasn't the main focus of Monday's instalment, new bombshell Sami Elishi had the attention of all the boys. Sami arrived in the villa after sending a text to the male islanders and was keen to get to know them as the girls looked on. Speaking to Tom first, Samie said: "Initial attraction, I’m probably most attracted to you looks wise but I also like that you’re quite cheeky.” “Am I up there for you?” Tom asked, with the new bombshell replying: "You are, you’re up there but other people are up there too, I don’t give everything away…” Tom cheekily replied: “I can’t lie, I do fancy you.” Elsewhere, when she spoke to Ron, Samie asked: "What is your normal type, obviously you’re coupled up with Lana but what do you usually go for?” DON'T MISS: Radio 2's Zoe Ball replaced by Vernon Kay after issuing urgent health  [RADIO] Richard Madeley sparks uproar after ‘misgendering’ GMB guest [RADIO] Paul Burrell in tears about telling sons 'I have prostrate cancer' [LATEST] The islander told her "you" as Samie said Ron was "what I’d normally go for". Could Ron's head be turned by Samie? Or will she choose to continue flirting with Tom? Meanwhile after their secret kiss on the terrace, Ellie found Tom to chat about how they felt. Reflecting on their smooch, Ellie told Tom she would love to take things a bit further and have a cuddle. She said: “I would love to have a little cuddle with you in bed, we’d have to sleep downstairs though because I feel like we’d be too loud.” Smiling Tom replied: “Things would get heated.” Ellie responded: “I’m excited to have a little terrace trip tonight.” Love Island airs weeknights on ITV2 from 9pm.