Emma Raducanu has been told that she could become one of the “best in the world” if she can work out two key elements of her career. The British No 1 skyrocketed to the top of tennis when she made history by winning the 2021 US Open as a teenager qualifier but now sits at No 75 in the world following her first full year on tour. Ahead of the Australian Open, Mats Wilander has advised Raducanu on the two things she must do to maximise her potential. Raducanu made history when she became the first qualifier to win a Grand Slam at the 2021 US Open, doing so as an 18-year-old ranked down at No 150. She then shot straight up into the world’s top 25 and became an overnight superstar, but following some mixed results and injury woes in her freshman 2022 season the Brit now sits at No 75 and is hoping to slowly build her ranking back up. Ever since her run in Flushing Meadows there has been debate over whether the 20-year-old is a flash in the pan or has all the makings of a player who could dominate for years, and Raducanu has now been told that she could be one of the best by seven-time Grand Slam champion Wilander, but the Swede’s big statement also came with some advice. “She has to find someone she trusts so that she can find her identity as a player,” the former world No 1 told Eurosport, discussing Raducanu’s reputation to go through coaches quickly as she has had five different mentors in the space of 18 months. Wilander also thought that the world No 75 needed to define herself as a player before she could reach the next level. JUST IN: John McEnroe suffers Australian Open blow with commentary team snub   “Now I don't know myself whether I should see her more as an offensive or defensive player,” he continued. “Emma can be one of the best in the world, but she has to find her identity.” The retired pro-turned-pundit also warned Raducanu that it wouldn’t be a quick and easy process to figure out exactly what kind of player she was, claiming that it wouldn’t just happen over the course of her US Open triumph or the upcoming Australian Open. “Finding that out isn't a matter of two weeks, it's a matter of years,” Wilander added. DON'T MISSNadal gives verdict on Aus Open title defence hopes after worst startKyrgios bites back with 'disgrace' remark ahead of Djokovic exhibitionKyrgios' mum's heartbreaking admission over 'life-changing' Nadal win  For now, Raducanu will be focusing on getting herself ready in time for next week’s Australian Open after getting injured at the recent ASB Classic. The 20-year-old turned her ankle during her second-round match against Viktoria Kuzmova after it was moved indoors for the rain and retired in tears. It remains to be seen whether she will recover in time for the first Grand Slam of the season but Raducanu has been extra cautious in practice so far, barely moving in one of her first sessions at Melbourne Park.