Having white towels is a luxury, especially if you spend a lot of time washing them to try and get them to the bright white they were originally. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to a spokesperson at Ecover, the eco cleaning product company about its laundry bleach. TikTok user @theironingqueen revealed she used Ecover’s Laundry Bleach to whiten and clean her stained towels. In a video that has been viewed over 400k times, she revealed her “magic ingredient”. The clip began with her repeating a question she had been asked, “‘How do you get towels white and fresh again, and get all these stains out?’ “These stains are mascara, foundation, eye shadow, blusher - you name it, it’s on it. There is also a tanning product on the towel. “I’m going to show you how to get your white towels, white, fresh and fluffy again.” She began by placing the towels in the washing machine, and chose a cotton cycle, reducing the temperature to 30 degrees Celsius. READ MORE: Mum's sofa deep cleaning hack uses 16p ingredient you likely have at home  “Use a bio laundry liquid or powder,” she said. “The magic ingredient is Ecover’s Laundry Bleach - let’s see what happens? A couple of teaspoons into the drawer,” and the cycle began. “Okay guys, here’s the results! It’s [the cycle] finished and let’s find the cloth - look at that! Perfect,” she said. All the towels were brilliantly white, with all the stains removed, so how does the product work? Express.co.uk wondered whether the Laundry Bleach contained bleach, Ecover revealed: “The Ecover Laundry Bleach is an alternative to chlorine bleach. “It works by helping to remove bleachable stains without any chlorine or optical brighteners. It can be used diluted to treat stains, or with detergent to give laundry a boost. DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton ‘has the most power in the fashion industry’ [DATA]‘Most unflattering’ lipstick colours women over 40 should avoid [COMMENT]Astrologer shares horoscope for each animal sign this Chinese New Year [EXCLUSIVE] “The product uses an oxygen-based bleaching agent to keep clothing threads looking their best, while being fragrance-free, with plant-based, biodegradable ingredients. “For best results, we’d recommend soaking stained clothes in a mix of warm water and the Ecover Laundry Bleach before washing in line with your garments care instructions. It can also be added to a normal wash for extra brightening.” As for whether it can only be used on white towels, they said: “It can be used on most white and colour-fast laundry – from towels to bedsheets and clothes.” While we know it can remove makeup, can it lift blood, dirt and food stains too? The spokesperson revealed: “Yes to all the above! The Ecover Laundry Bleach works best on bleachable stains, such as tea, blood and tomato.” The product can be used on washing at 30, 40 or 60 degrees Celsius, and is not suitable for wool or silk. Ecover’s No Optical Brightener Laundry Bleach is available for just £2.25 RRP from stockists including Ecover Direct, Amazon, Ocado and Sainsbury’s. What’s more, it’s cruelty-free, made with plant-based ingredients and suitable for sensitive skin. As for what other consumers think of the product, C.M wrote: “Great for whites, prewashing stains, soaking stubborn stains and in the washing machine.” “Thought I would try this to brighten my bed linen and net curtains. Lovely result. A little goes a long way. I would recommend,” Mrs S commented. Mrs Westwood shared her experience of using the laundry bleach: “My son is a Hotel Manager so pristine white shirts are a must. Laundry bleach keep them that way effortlessly without damaging the fabric or other washing.” Nancy Mooney suggested using a diswasher tablet instead, and said they are “brilliant” for removing stains from white fabrics. Anna suggested: “White vinegar and bicarb works like a charm.”