Arsenal have been tipped to beat Chelsea to the signing of Shakhtar Donetsk ace Mykhaylo Mudryk during the January transfer window. But the Gunners appear to be on a different page to the winger, with transfer chief Edu reportedly doing everything on his terms. Mudryk initially piqued Arsenal’s interest last summer as the Gunners looked to build a squad that could compete with the best teams in the Premier League. But a deal didn’t materialise as the 22-year-old ended up staying in Ukraine. The situation looks very different now, however, with Arsenal attempting to secure Mudryk’s signature once and for all. And the player himself has even posted a series of transfer hints to his Instagram page. According to CBS Sports, Mudryk is desperate to sign for Arsenal and make his debut when the team host Manchester United in the Premier League next Sunday. During the World Cup, the player’s team-mates predicted that he would have already joined Arsenal by now and would go on to score a winner in the north London derby. But with the Gunners going head-to-head with Tottenham on Sunday, those aspirations have already been ended. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    Despite his desire to secure a move to the Premier League, Mudryk has been very respectful to his current employers and has continued to train as hard as ever. And there has always been a feeling from those close to the deal that things would drag on. Arsenal have not lost optimism over a move, however, after making a breakthrough in talks on Friday. The structure of the deal is now key to completing the transfer. Arsenal have offered a guaranteed fee to Shakhtar in excess of £50million. And the clubs are now verbally finessing things, with Shakhtar demanding that the transfer add-ons are all achievable. But Edu is still doing everything on his own terms and the total transfer package Arsenal have currently put on the table remains under Shakhtar’s £88m asking price. Mudryk is said to be desperate to join Arsenal as soon as possible but Edu is not in as much of a rush and is ironing out details with Shakhtar to ensure the Gunners get the best deal. DON'T MISS Arsenal fans slam FA and worry about Tottenham after Zinchenko warning Pep Guardiola rules Stones out of derby and makes Solskjaer reference Ten Hag explains if Weghorst will play for Man Utd against Man City    Mudryk, who has won eight caps for Ukraine, has been in scintillating form this season and has already bagged an incredible 10 goals and eight assists in 18 matches. He also impressed in the Champions League, where he got his name on the scoresheet on three occasions and contributed two assists during the group stages of the competition as his side finished third in Group F. Arsenal, meanwhile, have enjoyed a stellar campaign and have stormed to the top of the Premier League table after winning 14 of their 17 matches. The north London giants have also reached the knockout stages of the Europa League and the fourth round of the FA Cup so will be hoping to lift silverware come the end of the season. 