Gabriel Jesus has excited Arsenal fans by hinting he no longer needs his crutches for support while walking, a significant development in his injury recovery. The 25-year-old forward has been unavailable since club football restarted after picking up a knee problem at the World Cup. Jesus featured in all three of Brazil's group-stage games in Qatar before injuring his knee, ruling him out of the country's two knockout clashes. He was later spotted on crutches as he returned to Arsenal's Hale End training base to accelerate his recovery and has yet to feature since the season resumed. The former Manchester City frontman has been rehabbing in the club's gym over the few weeks since the World Cup's conclusion. But he could soon be knocking on the door of Mikel Arteta's side once again after sharing an exciting injury update on social media. On Tuesday, Jesus took to his Instagram story to post an image of himself holding his crutches down to one side. His caption, 'Liberdade cantou', translates to 'Freedom sang' in English, hinting that he has taken a promising step towards a return to action. JUST IN: Barca boss Xavi intervenes on Depay transfer as Man Utd target reunion Jesus wasn't initially expected back on the pitch until late February at the earliest, but he could be ahead of schedule if he already isn't dependent on his crutches. He handed Arsenal supporters optimism that his recovery was going well with an Instagram post a week ago, captioned 'Progressing...'. Ahead of the Gunners' 3-1 Boxing Day win against West Ham United, Arteta admitted he wasn't sure when to expect his No 9 back in contention. He told reporters: "With Gabi [Jesus], it's difficult to put a time frame. I never gave a date. I said that we didn't know. "It's going to take some time for sure. He's gone through surgery, and that tells you the extent of the injury. READ MORE: Man Utd have Giroud 'on their radar' with striker expecting offer "We will be in the market, we're always active, and we will assess the biggest opportunities that we have." In his absence, Arsenal are pushing to complete a January deal for Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk, submitting a second offer worth around £60million for the 21-year-old. He would soothe the pressure of Jesus' return as Arteta looks to secure a first Premier League title since 2005. But the Brazilian will be optimistic he can, too, help to clinch the silverware in the coming months. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here