Eric Ramsey is enjoying a role to prominence at Manchester United with Erik ten Hag keen to keep the 30-year-old at Old Trafford. And it seems he’s gaining more and more prominence after his job was previously altered by Ralf Rangnick. Blackpool were recently interested in the Red Devils coach but, for now, he’s happy working with the Premier League giants instead. Back in July 2021, United decided to hire Ramsay - with the coach given the job of being the club’s first set-piece coach. They had been impressed by the work he’d done at Chelsea, while also taking him on board following a recommendation from Kieran McKenna. Under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, Ramsay was given the job of focusing on attacking set pieces. He also received assistance from Richard Hartis and Craig Mawson, too. Yet, last year, it was reported that Ramsay’s role at the club had changed and his opportunities to work on set-pieces were ‘becoming reduced’. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big He had taken on extra responsibilities following the departures of Michael Carrick, Martyn Pert and McKenna. But, these days, Ramsay is seen as an ‘important member’ of United’s coaching staff with Ten Hag a big admirer of the 30-year-old. Within the club, according to The Athletic, there’s a feeling he has bright prospects and Ramsay has no intentions of leaving Old Trafford, despite Blackpool’s interest. The coach is currently working alongside Mitchell van der Gaag, Steve McClaren, and Benni McCarthy. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see And there has been a noticeable improvement in United’s set-pieces this term, at a time where they’re currently third in the Premier League title. Van der Gaag joined United along with Ten Hag, with the Dutchman following the 52-year-old from Ajax to the club. McClaren is back with the Red Devils for a second stint, having previously worked under Sir Alex Ferguson. And McCarthy joined United last year, with the former Porto star helping the club’s forwards improve their shooting. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ten Hag recently hailed the South African, saying: “In our coaching staff, we had a lot of defenders and midfield players. "I wanted also to find a good balance. He is offensive [minded] as he is a former striker and that is also a really specific job task in the team. "I never played there, so I’m lucky to have someone in my staff who played there. “Football is about scoring and you have a goalkeeping specialist, but you also have offensive specialists and, in particular, we have a specific scoring trainer. "He has to add that, in details, working and for the rest of us, he has a relationship to all the players in our squad. “He also has to work on the togetherness and he is doing a great job on that.” And Anthony Martial recently hailed McCarthy, too, saying: “Yes, he’s a coach I speak with a lot. "Both on and off the training ground. On every occasion, he gives me a lot of good advice and that can only be a good thing for all the players involved.”