Condensation is one of the main reasons for mould growth at home in the winter months. It occurs when the inside temperature is much warmer than outside and can build up on windows and doors. To help Britons tackle their mould problems at home, Mrs Hinch fans have shared a variety of tips and hacks to remove mould from seals and walls. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, an anonymous group member wrote: “I have just discovered black mould on my window seals in the bedroom. I try to ventilate the room as often as I can but it just makes the room too cold and I have a baby. “Does anyone have any good tips to try and remove mould as well as prevent it from coming back, I’ve tried various different hacks now.” Mould around a windowsill is common and is often caused by dampness trapped in the small crevices in or near the window, creating spores of mould and mildew. Sharing advice in the comments, Marie Richardson replied: “Try putting some bowls of salt on the windowsill, it will help with the moisture and is pretty cheap too.” READ MORE: Best ingredient to 'soak up bad odours' in an empty fridge Wendy Taylor said: “My children’s bedrooms suffer with this problem too and I always get so worried about their sinuses. “I agree, the salt trick works a treat but don’t leave it out if you have pets or children who may eat it. You will also need to tackle the mould itself, try Astonish Mould & Mildew.” Many households already probably have salt in their cupboards, and if not, table salt can be purchased for as little as 65p for 750g. Britons are recommended to use around 100g at a time, meaning this hack could cost as little as 9p per use. DON'T MISS:Six ‘common’ pests which could ‘damage’ houseplants in winter [EXPERT]Four tricks to ‘get the most’ of of natural light from your windows [COMMENT]White vinegar can help to clean windows for ‘streak-free’ glass [EXPLAINER] Salt can remove excess moisture in the air, therefore reducing the amount of condensation on the window, getting rid of and preventing black mould from growing. It is known for its absorption properties, similar to baking soda, and can bind to the moisture present by windows. Patricia Buxton commented: “If the problem isn’t too bad, I would recommend using salt or buying a salt lamp. If the problem is worse, it’ll need to be tackled properly, looking at window installation or a mould product.” Mrs Hinch fans recommended using Astonish’s Mould & Mildew to tackle the problem, a strong product which can be purchased for as little as £1. READ MORE: Heat from iron could help in ‘quickly’ dry clothing without heating The spray claims to effectively blast away any tough stains in a matter of minutes, it is easy to use and mould only needs one spray, followed by a rinse or a wipe. If the mould is in crevices which are hard to reach, it may be worth using a cheap toothbrush for cleaning to reach these areas. Leah Craven said: “Astonish Mould and Mildew Blaster! Works perfectly. Keeps mould at bay for a good few weeks, probably longer.” Alison O’Brian commented: “Astonish Mould and Mildew Blaster is incredible. Absolutely incredible, only product I use.” Other Mrs Hinch fans opted for more natural cleaning methods, using washing up liquid, baking soda or vinegar, ideal if you have nosy pets. Sue Raven explained: “Put some white vinegar in a bottle with water and spray on the mould, leave it and it should wipe off. If it doesn’t, you may need something stronger.” Sarah Murray said: “You can also add some washing up liquid in with the white vinegar to avoid the strong smell circulating the room.” Others suggested mixing baking soda into water in a 50:50 ratio to form a paste before placing it on the target and leaving it for an hour. This will work for light mould stains, and white vinegar can be added in for a stronger natural product. If this doesn’t work, Britons may need to opt for a mould-specific product.