A cleaner who has 25 years of professional know-how spoke exclusively with Express about how she tackles mold in her home and suggests one key cleaning ingredient. Angela Brown owned and operated one of the largest independent cleaning companies in the Carolinas. The cleaning expert, who regularly posts tips and hacks on her TikTok account @AskAngelaBrown and her YouTube, discussed mold and mildew and how to remove them from the home. Mold is unpleasant and what's more, can cause health issues, so act fast to eliminate it, she urges. Angela Brown, host of the daily show and podcast Ask a House Cleaner, said: "Mold is tricky to clean and can cause various health problems, from allergies and asthma to headaches and eye and skin irritation. In some cases, it can even cause more severe illnesses." Mold can affect the immune system too, especially for those who are undergoing chemotherapy. That's why it's important to act to mold quickly. Angela, who is the author of the book How to Start Your Own Cleaning Company, explained how mold comes about in the home. She said: "Mold spores are everywhere and become active when they come into contact with moisture. READ MORE: £1.25 natural cleaner removes moss from driveways without using harsh chemicals "This can happen when there is a water leak, poor ventilation, or high humidity. Mold can multiply, and if it is not removed, it can spread to other home areas, weakening and discoloring walls. Because mold grows so fast it’s important to address it at first sight." So how can you remove the mold in your property? Well, if it's in a shower then a key cleaning ingredient can help. Angela said: "Mold in a shower that is contained can be removed with hydrogen peroxide and prevented by spraying the problem areas with hydrogen peroxide after each use of the shower or tub." Hydrogen peroxide is an effective household cleaner for a number of jobs. It's great for use in bathrooms and kitchens. The Centers for Disease Control (CDC) said the chemical kills mold spores as well as bacteria, viruses, fungi, and yeast. The best way to use hydrogen peroxide to clean your shower is to spray the product onto the mold and leave it to sit for 30 minutes before rinsing it away. DON'T MISSInvasive plants cause ‘serious damage’ to gardens [WARNING] Mum 'cries most nights' in council flat stricken with mould [REAL LIFE] Common 'low maintenance' plant hailed as cure for mould [HEALTH]  Angela, founder of Savvy Cleaner Training for house cleaners and maids, recommended treating mold in after parts of the home even more seriously. She recommended: "If the mold is on the walls or ceiling, call a mold remediator immediately to test the air and identify the problem areas of the home. The longer you wait, the more damage it can do to your home and make it worth less money." Angela said: "The best way to prevent mold from growing in the home is to keep the environment dry, maintain proper ventilation, and fix any water leaks or flooding as soon as possible." Mold is caused by damp in the air. A dehumidifier can help keep the home dryer and keep mold at bay. Opening windows during the day can also help, provided it's not raining. A US insurance brokerage American Risk Management Resources (ARMR) created a mold hazard ranking model, comparing all 50 states. Mold is a fungus that can grow in damp and warm environments and is a common problem in many homes. Where were the highest rates of mold found?