Chelsea have been told that they have two positions “sorted for a decade” after Graham Potter’s side defeated Crystal Palace 1-0 on Sunday. The Blues ended their dismal run of form at Stamford Bridge as Kai Havertz headed home from Hakim Ziyech’s cross to seal all three points for the hosts. Lewis Hall kept his place at left-back ahead of Marc Cucurella, and the youngster came in for plenty of praise as he impressed as Chelsea kept a vital clean sheet against the Eagles. Former Chelsea winger Pat Nevin insisted that he and Reece James could have the full-back roles locked down for the next ten years. "Hall is getting a standing ovation," Nevin told the BBC. "Chelsea fans love the young players who come through. He's actually been exceptional today. Hall and Reece James together could be sorted out for a decade, that whole area." Hall has kept his place in defence ahead of Cucurella, who moved to Stamford Bridge from Brighton a few months before Potter made the same journey but has been unable to replicate his form for his new club. The win over Palace was just Hall's second-ever Premier League start, a few days after his maiden start in the competition during the 2-1 defeat away to Fulham on Thursday. The 18-year-old has started a game in each of the FA Cup and Carabao Cup also under Potter, and was a substitute in the 1-0 defeat to Manchester City. James has been out of action since the Blues' 2-0 win over Bournemouth last month through injury, as Trevoh Chalobah was asked to deputise on the right against Wilfired Zaha and did an able job as Patrick Vieira's side were unable to find a way past Kepa in the Chelsea goal. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'put on UEFA watchlist' as they sign Mudryk for £88m feeArsenal target Mykhaylo Mudryk flying to UK for Chelsea medicalChelsea 'very close' to signing Mudryk as Arsenal target open to move  Captain Cesar Azpilicueta started against Fulham, but Chalobah was moved to the right as the 33-year-old was unable to play two league games quick succession and Benoit Badiashile made his first league start since moving from Monaco, ahead of Kalidou Koulibaly. Hall was replaced in the second half by the Senegal star after he pulled up with an injury, though Potter will be hoping his teenager full-back can recover in time for their next vital game away to Liverpool. Chelsea have been through an injury crisis and they will be keen for Hall to be able to overcame his issue and not join the likes of Denis Zakaria, Raheem Sterling and Christian Pulisic on the treatment table. 