  Love Island winner Amber Gill, 25, described how she felt about new presenter Maya Jama, after Laura Whitmore announced she was quitting the role last year. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other outlets on the red carpet of Cirque Du Soleil’s newest European Premiere at the Royal Albert Hall, Amber gave her verdict on Love Island’s brand new host.     Asked about how the impression Maya had made on the show so far this year, Amber replied: “She’s absolutely gorgeous.” The reality star went on to reveal that she is actually close pals with the model and presenter. “Maya’s my friend,” she said. “I’ll watch it for her!” The model turned heads in an incredible black dress with daring cut-outs as she made her debut in the villa on Monday. READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss    Asked about her entrance, Amber confirmed: “Unreal, right? “I feel like it’s perfect - she fits the role so perfectly,” she added proudly. On Monday night, ITV viewers were treated to a whole new series of Winter Love Island, as a fresh batch of singletons enter the South African villa. Maya seemed to blow fans away with her big entrance, after taking over the role from Laura.      Laura, who is married to Love Island voice over star Iain Stirling, initially took over the role after former presenter and their mutual friend Caroline Flack died by suicide in 2020. Last year, Laura announced that it was time for her to move on after taking over presenting duties on the show in 2021 and 2022. Meanwhile, Radio 1 host Maya is already taking the role by storm, after previously admitting that she had said yes to the gig straight away. This year’s contestants have also been setting Twitter ablaze, with three bombshells having already entered the villa. READ MORE... Alex Jones on 'losing' her husband as he became 'shadow of himself' [NEWS] Lisa Marie Presley's Golden Globes interviewer on 'off' conversation [NEWS] Prince Harry savaged by Chelsea Handler at Critics Choice Awards [UPDATE]       The line-up of girls this year includes payroll administrator Anna-May Robey from Swansea, Michelle Keegan body double and Bond star Olivia Hawkins, and influencer Tanya Manhenga. On the boy’s side, farmer and TikTok star Will Young has already made a splash, while science and PE teacher Kai Fagan has been turning heads left, right and centre. Will is one of the most recognisable faces from this year’s Love Island, with 1.1 million followers on TikTok, and over 31 million likes. His videos often include him rescuing sheep and dancing with his animals under the handle @FarmerWill_.      While the star is yet to find a potential romantic flame in the villa, he already has plenty of fans willing for him to meet the one. Cirque Du Soleil made its return to London with KURIOS yesterday, inviting a number of high profile celebs to its European Premiere at the Royal Albert Hall. Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV.    