Camilla, Queen Consort met members of the Battalion, presented medals and met families during her visit to the Lille Barracks. She later posed for a photograph with troops in Aldershot, southern England. For her official engagement, the Queen Consort opted for a lovely fuchsia dress and a pair of black boots. Camilla braved the cold in her stylish midi dress featuring, long sleeves, a V-neck and a pleated skirt. She accessorised her outfit with a small black handbag, pearl earrings and a silver pendant. Royal fans took to social media to praise Camilla's look today with @from.birkhall.with.love saying that Her Majesty looked "absolutely to die for". READ MORE: Bra fitter's method to find your 'perfect' bra size "Honestly. I almost fell off my chair at the office... She looks so good!" Another one, @paolacart_, commented that she looked "stunning" and added: "How does she get more and more beautiful?" Instagram user @loveforbritishroyals said: "Love her in red" and @wendy_skelton14 agreed: "Looking lovely in pink!" "Her smile shows she feels good as well. She is lucky to be able to pull off not just one but several colours," commented royal fan @marina_mei2722.  Royal watcher @charlottedenouter added: "She's stunning! This is one of her colours for sure alongside blue tones and purple." Another added that Queen Consort Camilla "is always elegant and her smile is bright" but today she looked especially "beautiful". For today's occasion, Camilla rewore her Fiona Clare Aldridge dress and her Chanel Black Quilted Mini Top Handle Bag, which was very similar to Queen Elizabeth's iconic black handbag. Her necklace was the "Apollo" Mini Blue Topaz and Diamond Pendant from designer Kiki McDonough and her bracelets were from Van Cleef and Arpels, one of her favourite brands. READ MORE: Harry should have 'difficult but necessary gesture' to 'avoid another' Queen Elizabeth was a fan of small black handbags from fashion brand Launer and it is believed she owned more than 200, her favourite ones being the Royale and the Traviata. Since she became Queen, Camilla has been channelling the late Queen Elizabeth in many outings by wearing her iconic handbag. It is believed that the late monarch used her handbags to communicate messages to her staff and it is possible that Camilla now follows the same practice. Royal historian Hugo Vickers revealed that when Queen Elizabeth moved her handbag from one hand to the other it meant that she wanted to end a conversation.  "It would be very worrying if you were talking to the Queen and saw the handbag move from one hand to the other. "It would be done very nicely. Someone would come along and say, 'Sir, the Archbishop of Canterbury would very much like to meet you'," he told People. Buckingham Palace announced in one of Queen Camilla's first armed forces engagements that Charles had named her Colonel of the British Army's Grenadier Guards.