If you don't regularly clean your dishwasher filter, food from your pans and dishes can build up in the filter. This can lead to dirty water, an unsanitary machine, an unpleasant smell and a less efficient dishwasher overall. Your dishwasher could even harbour bacteria and fungus if the filter is not regularly cleaned, even if your cutlery appears clean. Dishwashers need cleaning every three to six months, but you may need to clean them more or less regularly depending on how frequently you run cycles and whether you rinse your cutlery before putting them into the dishwasher. If your clean dishes feel gritty or have bits of food left on them after washing, your filter likely needs cleaning. An unpleasant smell, water not draining properly, food stuck in the sprayer arm and a visible build-up of food in the filter are also signs your dishwasher needs a thorough clean. If you're unsure how to clean your dishwasher and dishwasher filter, fear not, Express.co.uk has found a natural method that's both quick and simple. Rather than resorting to a branded dishwasher-cleaning product, I decided to use a lemon, white vinegar and washing-up liquid to give my dishwasher a deep clean. READ MORE: Remove ‘stains’ from hobs using £2 cleaning item - 'works so well' Your lemon doesn't have to be fresh, it can be a bit old and soft. The one I used was at the back of the fridge and was starting to turn green. I knew I wouldn't use this for cooking or baking so, as to not waste it, I decided to use it for cleaning instead. If you do need to buy a lemon, Tesco sells lemons for 30p each and Aldi sells a packet of four for 50p. The white vinegar I used was Stardrops White Vinegar Spray. The product is a "multi-purpose cleaning solution, that is effective on limescale and is a traditional stain remover", according to the manufacturer. It added: "This hard-working formula is ideal for cleaning most areas of the home including, glass, mirrors, laundry and other surfaces around your household." The product can be purchased for £1 from The Range. DON'T MISSPatio expert shares best method to clean paving slabs [INSIGHT]Houseplants that 'purify the air in your home' and help you sleep [UPDATE]Methods to stay warm in winter with strategic furniture placement [ANALYSIS] White vinegar is acidic and dissolves mineral deposits, dirt, grease, and grime. It's also strong enough to kill bacteria. Lemons contain citric acid which is antibacterial and antiseptic. This means lemons can kill bacteria and remove mould. The oils in the peel of the lemon can also help to cut through grease and staining. Lemons also have a pleasant smell which will leave your dishwasher smelling fresh and clean. 1. Remove the filter from your dishwasher. This should be fairly straightforward, but if you're unsure then contact your dishwasher manufacturer for guidance. My filter has arrows on it which show you how to detach the filter from the machine. The filter contained lots of chunks of food debris and grime as it hadn't been cleaned in around six weeks. READ MORE: Avoid 'clogging' and 'mould buildup' inside your dehumidifier 2. I put the dishwasher filter in the sink and filled the sink with warm water and a drop of washing-up liquid. I used Fairy Liquid but any brand would be suitable. 3. Next, I got my old toothbrush and set to work giving the filter a good scrub. A toothbrush is perfect for this as it can reach inside the filter and any little nooks and crannies that contain food debris and grime. 4. Once thoroughly cleaned, I gave it a rinse with some cold, clean water to remove any excess washing-up liquid and dirt. I then put the filter back into the dishwasher. 5. Next, I poured around half a cup of white vinegar into my dishwasher-safe ramekin and slotted this into the top of my dishwasher. 6. Grab a chopping board and a sharp knife and chop your lemon in half before slotting it into your dishwasher. I put one half in the top of my dishwasher and another in the cutlery rack. 7. Once the vinegar and lemon are securely in place, put your dishwasher on its hottest, longest cycle. 8. Once the cycle has finished, remove the lemons and the ramekin and use as normal. My dishwasher was not only sparklingly clean but smelled amazing too.