Gareth Bale has announced his retirement from professional football, bringing his brief spell in Major League Soccer to an end. The Welshman released a statement confirming his decision on Monday, and LAFC will now look for a new hero after Bale bowed out after just eight months in Los Angeles. He came, he saw, he conquered, but although he helped LAFC win their first MLS Cup, they will need to turn their attention to finding a new star to fill the void. Bale made all the headlines in North America when he agreed to join LAFC in June, as he put an unsavoury end at Real Madrid behind him. He may not have played as much as he would've like in MLS, but Bale turned up when it mattered. Scoring off the bench to force a penalty shootout in the MLS Cup final against Philadelphia Union will forever write his name in their history books, but LAFC will need a new marquee player now he's hung up his boots at the age of 33. Here, Express Sport take a look at five replacements that LAFC could sign, including another star struggling for minutes in Madrid. Like Bale, Eden Hazard has gone from being one of the best players in world football, to struggling for minutes sat on the Madrid bench. Both proved their worth in England by scooping up Premier League Player of the Season in the past, but unlike Bale, Hazard's career never really got going in Madrid. An exit has been on the cards for some time, and with each transfer window the speculation appears to heighten. Hazard is expected to leave either this month or in the summer, and Los Angeles could be the ideal destination. Hazard could go from Madrid flop to MLS star, and revive his career over in the United States. Recently turning 32, there's still time for Hazard to enjoy success, and Madrid are keen to move him on. Another former Madrid star in Mesut Ozil is out on contract at the end of the season, and the German could shadow ex-team-mate Kaka and grace MLS. Ozil was one of the finest midfielders of his generation, but was forced to seek football in Turkey after his career at Arsenal reached a crossroads. The technical brilliance of Ozil has never been of doubt, and he could play a key attacking role in an exciting front-line. Ozil enjoyed being loved again when moving to Fenerbahce, but close friend Kaka should be able to convince him that the fans will get behind him in MLS too. Edin Dzeko has aged like a fine wine, and he is still banging in goals at the age of 36. Currently at Inter Milan, it may be hard to tempt him away just yet, but he's out of contract at the end of the season. It's unlikely that Inter will be overly generous with an extension due to his age, but LAFC could offer him a better package. As a target man, he would offer a new dimension in the attack, and their nimble forwards could work off him as LAFC begin their title defence. Another player that is in need of reviving their career is James Rodriguez, as the former World Cup superstar is playing out in Greece after initially playing in Qatar. Rodriguez was one of the finest young midfielders in the world when he burst onto the scene with Porto and Colombia, but after leaving Madrid it's gone south. Rodriguez initially moved to Everton, but only lasted a season as he moved on to new ventures. His versatility means he can play in midfield or out wide, something that may tempt LAFC coaches. PSG forward and recent World Cup winner Angel Di Maria is still at the height of his powers, although he too is out of contract in the summer. It's not yet known if PSG will look to extend the 34-year-old's deal, but he proved in the World Cup that he's still got what it takes. As a talented winger with a wand of a left foot, he's perhaps the most like-for-like replacement for Bale. He's also been rumoured to be interested in a move closer to home, meaning the European exit may appeal to the star.