Andy Murray was hailed as a “ripper bloke” and “a hell of a player” by his Aussie opponent but Thanasi Kokkinakis warned the Scot that he is in the form to “give it a red hot crack” in their night-time showdown at the Australian Open. The home hope takes on Murray in the second round on Thursday. The former world No 1 offered help and support during Kokkinakis’ long battles with injuries and illness - and Murray even gave him coaching tips in Cincinnati last summer. And the world No 159 said: “Andy's a hell of a player and someone I respect a great amount. “Obviously he has been at the top of the game, and he can relate a little bit with the injury side of things. I have known him for a while. He was one of the guys that really took me under his wing when I came out on tour and was always sending me messages and encouragement and advice so we know each other pretty well. “I have practised with him and I played doubles with him at Indian Wells. We get along really well. I remember watching him when I was younger thinking this dude looks moody as hell, he looks miserable. Then when you get to know him, he is actually a ripper bloke and a good guy.” MUST READ: 'You should ask Nick Kyrgios' - Thanasi Kokkinakis in awkward exchange Watch every match from the Australian Open live and exclusive on discovery+ and Eurosport Former junior star Kokkinakis, now 26, is bidding to reach the third round of a Grand Slam for the first time since the 2015 French Open. He faces the five-time finalist here, Murray, who turned back the clock on Monday by beating No 14 Matteo Berrettini for his best Slam result with a metal hip. “He played a great first round and I'm going to be ready for the best version of Murray," said the semi-finalist in Adelaide. “At times I wish I had metal body parts, they might have held up a little bit better. It's going to be a tough match. “I’ve played him in the Davis Cup (in Glasgow in 2015). He definitely handed it to me that day, but I'm ready now. I feel good. I’m playing well. I'm pretty hungry. He is someone I have the utmost respect for. but I'll put all that aside and give it a red hot crack." DON'T MISS...Rafael Nadal's Aus Open conqueror uncovers weapon behind surprise winCoco Gauff makes Emma Raducanu request after winning Aus Open clashAus Open star tells crowd 'shut up' in claim fan had 'too much' beer The Scot, 35, always enjoys great support Down Under. But Kokkinakis won the doubles title with Nick Kyrgios last year amid frenzied scenes - he laughed off a journalist calling him “Nick” in his press conference on Wednesday - and wants similar backing in the final match in the Margaret Court Arena. “Hopefully I can use the home-crowd advantage,” he said. “I love the Greek support here.” Kokkinakis took only two minutes to win the final five points he required to win his rain-delayed first round tie against Fabio Fognini on Wednesday. The Italian’s lacklustre efforts raised questions over his motivation. But Kokkinakis said: “I don't really care whether people think he tanked or not. I'm through to the second round. That's all that matters.”