Jamie Redknapp has disagreed with Rio Ferdinand after Leandro Trossard made his Arsenal debut in Sunday's 3-2 win against Manchester United. The Gunners signed Trossard from Brighton and Hove Albion in a deal potentially rising to £27million after Chelsea hijacked their interest in Mykhaylo Mudryk. Chelsea swooped in to steal the £88m signing of Mudryk from Shakhtar Donetsk, despite Arsenal's position as frontrunners throughout the January transfer window. And the 22-year-old winger showcased exactly what the Premier League can expect after coming on as a substitute in Saturday's 0-0 draw against Liverpool. After full-time, Ferdinand explained he believed the Gunners would have been ruing missing out on Mudryk after he impressed on his Chelsea bow at Anfield. "Who knows what he's going to be producing after this, but it's exciting for Chelsea fans," Ferdinand said on BT Sport. "I'm sure there will be Arsenal fans sitting there going, 'oh my days, how did we let that one go?'" Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE However, Redknapp believes Trossard will prove to be a worthy alternative after catching the eye with his debut cameo against United. He went as far as to say the Belgium international could become a bargain capture after Arsenal paid an initial £22m for his services. Redknapp told Sky Sports: "It would have been panic stations at Arsenal. When they didn't get Mudryk in the transfer window, they might have thought this was a big miss for them. "But they've already shown in a 15-minute cameo that Trossard is going to be a great signing for them. "[He has] great qualities. He's comfortable on the ball [and] goes forward with it. He's a typical Arsenal player, if you like. DON'T MISS: Arteta heaps praise on Trossard after making Arsenal debut vs Man Utd  "He's a good footballer that can score goals and make goals. He's a good signing, and for £22million, that's a real bargain from their point of view." Trossard joins Bukayo Saka, Gabriel Martinelli, Gabriel Jesus, Martin Odegaard, Emile Smith Rowe and Fabio Viera in Mikel Arteta's exciting attacking regiment. And while the 28-year-old has supplied his trade as a left-winger at Brighton, he has suggested he is also ready to make an impact centrally if Arteta needs cover. The Gunners' last-gasp victory over United regained a five-point lead over Manchester City at the Premier League summit with a game in hand. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here