Coronation Street icon Roy Cropper (played by David Neilson) has always shied away from modern-day technology and prefers to do things the old-school way. However, in recent scenes, Nina Lucas (Mollie Gallagher) handed the stalwart a smartphone which didn't go down very well. Official spoilers reveal that Roy's reluctance to become more modern puts Nina's life in danger, leaving Roy to feel devastated about the consequences. In upcoming scenes, Roy joins Evelyn Plummer (Maureen Lipman) and Brian Packham (Peter Gunn) and reveals that for the last two years he’s been secretly studying for his VBRV, Volunteer Bat Roost Visitor qualification. Later, Roy arranges to meet Nina, Brian and Asha Alahan (Tanisha Gorey) at the bat group meeting in the woods after dropping Evelyn at a friend’s house. But when Brian and Nina get a message to say that the meeting has been cancelled they realise they have no way of getting in touch with Roy. Roy arrives at the woods but drops his thermos in the river and attempts to retrieve the bottle on his own. READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau DIY mansion is being sold Nina, Asha and Brian arrive at the woods looking for Roy, when they spot his car and head off towards the rover to look for him. However, Nina is left shocked when she spots Roy’s thermos in the water assuming the worst and makes her way down the bank but she slips, bangs her head and rolls into the river. Asha and Brian watch in a panic unsure of what to do and how to react to the incident, before Brian pulls Nina’s limp body from the river whilst a fearful Asha calls for an ambulance. After a check-up and given the all-clear, Roy and Nina leave the hospital and he continues to blame himself for endangering her life. When Sam Blakeman (Jude Riordan) calls at the cafe and tells Roy how helpful his phone is for his astronomy Roy heads off to town and returns with a new smartphone. But as Nina and Asha show him how to use it Roy gets completely bewildered, contemplating whether he has done the right thing. Brian enters the café to find Roy listening to classical music via his new smartphone, with the latter reluctantly admitting that it does have its uses. Coronation Street boss Ian McLeod opened up about the upcoming storyline and admitted the deeper layers that ensue. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale couple torn apart by newcomer as fans 'work out' affair [INSIGHT]Alice in Borderland season 2 ending explained as Joker card is at play [WATCH]Death in Paradise’s Darlene pays tribute to ‘brilliant’ Les Dennis [LATEST] He told Express.co.uk and other press: "I love this story. Roy's got that kind of dusty 1990's Dell laptop that he occasionally gets out to play online Scrabble and that's probably about as far as his digital world extends. "Nina thinks he needs to get with the program and buys him this phone, and comedy ensues. But then it takes on a more serious hue because Roy decides one day to go on a backed based adventure. "He's given his phone away by this point because he doesn't want it anymore and he finds himself in jeopardy, which then draws Nina into a certain amount of jeopardy. "So what starts off as this light-hearted story takes on a much more serious complexion and it becomes about his love for Nina and vice versa." Iain explained that Roy's love for Nina and their light-hearted relationship makes him realise how much he needs to be more in touch with the digital world. "It's a really classic corrie story about Roy and mobile phone addictions, to some degree by the end of the story, normal services resume you know. "Roys are not going to be posting Tik Tok videos or anything of that type, although not to say that out loud, missed opportunity," he teased. "Normal service will be resumed to an extent with Roy, but we just thought there's a really fun journey to go on with this generational difference between him Nina so yeah, it's really good fun." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.