King Charles could be forced to scrap Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's planned invitation to his Coronation, according to Robert Jobson. The widely-respected royal expert revealed that the public outrage around Harry's memoir Spare was overwhelming. The Sunrise royal editor told Australian television that the public would simply not accept Harry's presence at the event. The Coronation will take place on Saturday, May 6, at Westminster Abbey, and it had been expected that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex would be invited to attend. However, the controversy surrounding Harry's memoir has put those invitations in peril. Mr Jobson said: "The Coronation is a state event. It is paid for by the government, by the people. "It will cost quite a lot of money and I don't think the mood of the country is supportive of Harry being there." JUST IN: 'One word' in key interview that shows Harry's 'internal conflict'  He continued: "The King, who is a kind man, would like both his sons to be there in an ideal world. "But I don't think politically it would be acceptable to the public, so I don't think he will be there." The ceremony will be cut down from two hours to one, with only 2,000 guests attending, in a scaled-back event. This comes amid reports this week that the families of Princess Anne and Prince Edward are concerned more private details will be shared if Harry attends the Coronation.  A source told The Sun: "They do not want private conversations at the coronation making it into the paperback edition of Spare." Another source told The Independent: "The family expects Harry and Meghan to find a reason not to be there." Harry has already made several bombshell revelations in his memoir, Spare, and in TV interviews this week, as he detailed family feuds between himself, his brother, and his father. DON'T MISS:  Prince Harry mocked on Jimmy Kimmel as US audience howls with laughter [VIDEO]Harry’s trashing re-ignites Diana conspiracies - RICHARD FITZWILLIAMS [COMMENT]POLL – Should Rishi Sunak 'stand up' to the European Research Group? [POLL] However, the revelations have not endeared him to the British public, with four in ten Britons claiming the motivation behind the book’s release is to make money The YouGov analysis, conducted on 1,691 British adults between January 10 and 11, found that Harry's favourability rate is now at -44 - a record low for the Duke of Sussex. The tracker finds just a quarter of Britons (24 percent) now think positively of Harry, while 68 percent have a negative opinion. The rows have meant that Princess Anne is now the most popular major royal in the UK, with seven in ten (72 percent) holding a positive view of her. She narrowly beat Prince William (70 percent) and Catherine (68 percent) in public approval. 