Boiled eggs can be cooked for as little or as long as you like to achieve the perfect consistency, and are almost always done in a pan of hot water. However, according to one food blogger, the air fryer is a much better appliance if you like slightly gooey, "jammy" eggs. Laurie, creator of the blog Fork to Spoon shared the easy "scrumptious", protein-rich recipe that's "perfect" for breakfast. Topping any dish with a soft-boiled egg is an easy way to add protein and flavour to your plate, but making it perfect relies on the texture of the whites and in particular, the yolk. Boiling several raw eggs in water at once isn't the easiest way to master the timings for a "jammy" core, though Laurie noted that it can easily be done in the air fryer, She said: "Jammy eggs are a simple, delicious breakfast dish you can make in an air fryer. It’s a great way to use excess eggs and add variety to your usual morning routine!" "The best part about this recipe is that the air fryer can cook them in under 15 minutes, so you can always have fresh jammy eggs when you want a batch." READ MORE: 'Simple' methods to reheat pizza without creating a 'soggy dough' Start by adding your eggs to a clean air fryer basket. You can work with up to seven at a time in a standard-sized appliance, though you can increase this if you have a larger fryer. According to Laurie, large, room-temperature eggs are best for this recipe as smaller ones will need less time to reach the desired texture. Set the cooking time to 132C for 11 minutes and leave them to cook uninterrupted. Just before they are done, fill a bowl with ice and water as you will need this for later. Once you have removed the eggs from the fryer, Laurie recommended "immediately" placing them into the ice bath for three to five minutes before peeling. DON'T MISS:'Michelin star' method for a 'perfect, runny' poached egg [REVEAL]Chef's 'perfect Monday night' taco recipe to use up leftovers [TIPS]I made Prince William & Harry's 'favourite' £3.97 Spaghetti Bolognese [INSIGHT] Not only will this make the eggs easier to peel but also help achieve that perfectly soft and fluffy textured yolk. To peel your eggs quickly and easily, begin by removing one egg from the icy water, then give it a gentle tap against a hard surface to break its shell. Laurie said: "Start peeling from the bottom to the top, or where the cracks are located. "Remove the entire shell from the egg, and return to the cold water while you finish peeling the eggs." READ MORE: Chef shares 'healthier' seasonal curried cauliflower pie recipe If you're not planning on serving your jammy eggs fresh from the air fryer, you should consider leaving them with the shells on. Keep them in an airtight container to keep them tasting fresh for up to a week in the fridge. When you do get around to serving your air-fryer eggs, seasoning is essential to bring out the best of the flavours. There are so many ways to serve them though some of Laurie's favourites include hot sauce, red chilli flakes and cracked black pepper. Topping a freshly baked bagel is another way to enjoy soft-boiled eggs, and you can even make your own in the air fryer. To make four, quick and easy 15-minute air-fried bagels, you will need: Mixed the dry ingredients in a bowl before adding in the Greek yoghurt, stirring until combined. Shape the dough into a large bowl and turn out onto a floured surface before dividing it into equal parts. Roll each piece into an eight to 10-inch "rope" shape and pinch the edges together to form the bagel. Brush with the beaten egg and sprinkle with seeds or cheese as a topping. Set the air fryer to 176C for 10-12 minutes until golden.