Manchester United are ready to make an offer worth around £53million (€60m) to sign Eintracht Frankfurt striker Randal Kolo Muani, according to reports. However, the player is claimed to be keen on a move to another European club instead. United are in the market for a striker in this window. The departure of Cristiano Ronaldo has left Erik ten Hag short on centre-forward options. Atletico Madrid's Joao Felix has been linked with a loan move to Old Trafford, while Marcus Thuram is also a target. However, Kolo Muani is now reported as a player the Premier League giants are looking at. French outlet L'Equipe claims United are prepared to offer £53m for the 24-year-old. Ten Hag wants to sign him in the current window. However, Kolo Muani only joined Frankfurt last summer and is keen to stay at the club until the end of the season. He is also said to prefer to stay in Germany and join Bayern Munich. READ MORE: Arsenal made aware of 'new price' for Mudryk after second bid  Kolo Muani played a big part for France at the recent World Cup in Qatar. He came off the bench in the final against Argentina, replacing Olivier Giroud in the first half. He helped turn the game on its head and take it to extra-time. The forward missed a late chance to win the game, forcing Emiliano Martinez into a memorable one-on-one save. Kolo Muani began his career in France with Nantes, where he scored 23 goals in 87 appearances. He has found the net on eight occasions since joining Frankfurt last summer. United boss Ten Hag confirmed last week he wants to sign a striker this month. However, he insisted the player must be right for his project. He said: "We are aware we lost a striker, so I think yes, we have to get a striker in. But it has to be the right one, and the right one is the one. DON'T MISSNewcastle may have pulled off masterstroke as Maddison swap opens upMan Utd 'make decision on Sancho' as Ten Hag handed triple boost vs BournemouthWhat Man Utd chiefs think about Ten Hag after Rashford punishment  "He needs to bring the quality in the team, and not just an add to the squad, because that gives you only problems. And, you know, the criteria is high here at Man United." The Dutchman has spoken in the last few days to stress the difficulty of signing strikers in January. Ten Hag said: "It's always difficult, strikers are expensive, especially in the winter. "But you have to set the limits high. We're looking for it, we need to be creative and do everything we have in our power to get the right players in, who are fitting in the balance. "It's also about availability. It's about so many circumstances playing a role in that. It's now December and the window has not even started. It's a long period." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 