Louise Redknapp, 48, put on a daring display as she flashed her black bra underneath a white lace top in a new social media post. The former Eternal singer took to Twitter to share some exciting news with fans of her music as she announced a “special show”. Louise uploaded a video of herself asking for fans’ input for the setlist of her upcoming Shepherd's Bush Empire show. The media personality explained that the show will be based around the format of “An Evening With…”, allowing her to respond to fans’ questions throughout the event. Louise said: “Hi, guys. I want to tell you about a special show I’m doing at Shepherds Bush Empire. “It’s An Evening With… so basically, questions and answers, and I’m really happy for you guys to request which songs you would like to hear. READ MORE: Bond Girl Eva Green blames 'being French' for branding bosses 'stupid' “So it can be B-sides, it can be songs from any of the albums. “It’s really my way of just saying a big thank you to you for being so incredibly amazing and supportive.” Along with the clip, Louise penned the caption: “Which tracks would you like to hear on 1st June at my Evening With… Greatest Hits Live show at London’s @O2SBE?" On January 12, Louise announced she will be releasing a Greatest Hits collection, spanning 30 years in the music industry. The album is scheduled for release on June 2 and will contain five new songs, including a cover of Janet Jackson's 1997 single Together Again. Last week, Louise surprised her 766,000 followers on Instagram by sharing an exclusive look at her Greatest Hits album cover. The singer looked fabulous on the cover image, which featured her in a black velvet dress against a plain grey background. Louise gave the camera a fierce look while posing with her hands by her face in the glamorous photo. DON'T MISS...Lord Alan Sugar blasts 'exploitative' employees working from home [LATEST]Zoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update [RADIO]James May slams Jeremy Clarkson's 'creepy' Meghan Markle comments [ROYAL] She captioned the shot: “Here it is… the cover for the ‘Deluxe Edition’ of my new Greatest Hits album.” Louise added: “I wanted to create something extra special for you all to celebrate this 30th Anniversary so not only does this format have all of my solo singles plus 4 new tracks it also includes 9 reimagined classics from my solo and Eternal back catalogue. “This limited edition format is available to pre-order now exclusively on my official store and it comes in a 20 page picture book case which includes new images plus some of my favourite unseen behind the scenes photos from the archives.” Louise finished the announcement by thanking fans for their “continued support”. The post sparked a frenzy, with music lovers taking to the comments’ section to react to the news. Loveanicebag said: “You look absolutely stunning Louise! X” Dhew1992 added: “Love this cover! Can't wait to receive the physical in June (seems so long away!)” Steve.m.newland penned: “Counting down the days until my bundle arrives, I can't wait to hear the new tracks. Hope we get some teasers lou.”