The King and the Queen Consort, Camilla are reportedly likely to be "left alone" in Prince Harry’s upcoming memoir Spare, royal commentators have said. Commentators believe the King could decide to take "firm action" against his youngest son should he decide to cross a "red line". Prince Harry's book Spare, which will be published on January 10 by Penguin Random House, is set to release scathing information about Prince William and Kate. It is thought the book will go into further depth about the explosive Sandringham Summit, where Prince Harry met his brother, his father and the Queen to discuss his future working relationship after it had been made clear the Prince was ready to step away. But speaking on the Express’ Royal Roundup GB News Royal Reporter Cameron Walker said the King is unlikely to receive the same criticism. He told his co-host Pandora Forsyth: "The people who are perhaps more surprisingly left alone a little bit more is the King himself and the Queen Consort. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan 'hurt' as new Netflix show flops   "If Prince Harry criticises Camilla in any way, I think that is when King Charles will take more firm action perhaps against his son." Prince Harry has reportedly been warned about mentioning Charles’ wife Camilla, who is reportedly the King’s "red line". An insider told The Sun: "Camilla is Charles’s red line. If Harry trashes her then Charles could pull the plug, and Harry knows that.  "Harry had a difficult relationship with Camilla, who had an affair with his father when he was still married to Diana. "But attacking Camilla would not go down well among palace staff or his father, and Harry is aware." Mr Walker suggested any damning allegations made by Prince Harry against the royals could result in the King distancing himself further from Prince Harry. It has been reported King Charles has left the door ajar for Prince Harry, with the slim possibility of him rejoining The Firm in the future.    But any additional inflammatory leaks are likely to move Harry further away from his father and the rest of the family. Mr Walker suggested any damning allegations made by Prince Harry against the royals could result in the King distancing himself further from Prince Harry. "I reckon royal courtiers are waiting to see what is in these interviews which are being aired on Sunday but also the details in his memoirs which is being published on January 10. "If Prince Harry has made damning allegations against his family or is really slating them, then clearly that is going to strain relationships even further.    "Because of those private conversations which Harry talked about in his Netflix show, which it appears he is going to talk about further in his book, the family feels they cannot trust him because what they say to him in private may well end up in an interview later down the line." Trailers for Prince Harry’s upcoming interviews with ITV’s Tom Bradby and the American journalist Anderson Cooper, show the prince talking openly about his relationship with William and The King. But Walker suggests the trailers indicate Harry is primarily going to take aim at Prince William.   