Cristiano Ronaldo has reportedly axed long-term agent Jorge Mendes after signing for Saudi Arabian outfit Al-Nassr. The veteran attacker has appointed a new ‘personal manager’ in the form of Ricardo Regufe, who will represent Ronaldo during his time in the Middle East. Mendes was Ronaldo’s agent for the best part of two decades and oversaw his record-breaking 2009 transfer to Real Madrid and his return to Manchester United in the summer of 2021. But the pair’s relationship apparently deteriorated over the last 18 months. Ronaldo was offered to Saudi Arabian clubs by Mendes prior to his Old Trafford comeback but a move did not materialise. The 37-year-old went on to play 55 times for the Red Devils during his second spell before being axed in November over his infamous interview with Piers Morgan and an array of disciplinary breaches. When the Portuguese icon found himself without a club, he and Mendes attempted to secure a switch to a Champions League club. No offer was made despite him actively seeking a return to Real Madrid by training within eyeshot of coaches at their Valdebebas training base. JUST IN: Enzo Fernandez may be left red-faced with Chelsea 'cooling interest' According to A Bola, Ronaldo has now stunningly ditched Mendes and hired Regufe, who is set to rake in a fortune from the player’s relocation to Saudi Arabia. He will earn £26million in commission while Mendes takes home nothing. Ronaldo apparently met Regufe when he was still a Real Madrid player. Their paths crossed when the prolific forward signed a partnership agreement with a sports equipment company. Al-Nassr are set to unveil Ronaldo at 4PM on Tuesday. He will be introduced to supporters at their Mrsool Park stadium, which holds 25,000 fans and would be the fourth-smallest arena in the Premier League. DON'T MISS...Man City ace Silva shares Portugal stars thoughts on Ronaldo axingMan Utd have Giroud 'on their radar' with striker expecting offerCristiano Ronaldo has 'Newcastle clause' in Saudi contract Ronaldo underwent a medical on Tuesday to determine whether he was fit to play in the Saudi Pro League. He excitedly told fans after his deal was confirmed last week: "I’m thrilled for [a] new experience in a different league and a different country. “The vision that Al-Nassr has is very inspiring. I am very excited to join my team-mates, to help the team to achieve more success." The Real Madrid icon has signed a blockbuster two-and-a-half-year deal with Al-Nassr which will take him beyond the age of 40. He is set to earn around £175million per-year as a base salary, with his overall earnings set to soar to an astronomical £1.2billion as it is believed he will take on an ambassadorial role for a further five years.