Manchester United are waiting to learn the extent of Christian Eriksen’s injury before deciding on their transfer plans ahead of deadline day, according to reports. The Denmark international was forced out of his side’s 3-1 FA Cup win over Reading on Saturday following a nasty tackle from Andy Carroll. And whether the club are forced into making a late signing remains to be seen. United have seen the best of Eriksen this season, with the midfielder registering nine assists since moving from Brentford. But he could now be set for a spell on the sidelines after giving Erik ten Hag a scare during the 3-1 win over Reading at the weekend. The Dutchman was coy when quizzed on the extent of Eriksen’s injury in the aftermath of the fixture, saying: “It’s always difficult to say in this moment so short after the game has finished. “But it’s an ankle [injury]. We have to see what is the diagnosis, so it costs us a minimum of 24 hours before we know that and then I can say more.” Now, Sky Sports reporter Dharmesh Sheth has claimed United will wait to see the extent of Eriksen’s injury before deciding on any late transfer plans. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “Christian Eriksen went off on crutches when he left Old Trafford last night after the victory against Reading in the FA Cup,” he told GiveMeSport. “Depending on how serious that is would dictate whether United try and go into the market for a loan. “I think for a big, big signing, it looks very unlikely with only a couple of days to go.” United only have the finances for a loan deal this winter due to the Glazers putting the club on the market. The Americans are ready to walk away after 18 controversial years at the helm at Old Trafford. But when it comes to potential loans, no players are even being linked with a move to the club at present. United have been credited with an interest in Youri Tielemans, with the Leicester star poised to become a free agent at the end of the season. Yet landing the Belgium international would have to be a permanent operation and United just don’t have the funds for that. Marco Reus is another player who has emerged as a potential option for the Red Devils. United recently held talks with his representatives, who were in attendance for their 2-1 win over Manchester City earlier in the month. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Yet there’s nothing to suggest they’ll be able to acquire the Germany international before the transfer window shuts on Tuesday. Former Liverpool star Stan Collymore, meanwhile, recently urged United to offload both Eriksen and Scott McTominay. He told CaughtOffside: "I think Man United need midfield upgrades for Scott McTominay and Christian Eriksen. "On Eriksen – I get why they signed him and why he went to Old Trafford. It was a no-brainer for both at the time. "But I thought, against Arsenal, it was very obvious that he was one of the weak links. "If Casemiro is a nailed-on starter, which he is, then McTominay and Eriksen should be surplus to requirements. "Sunday proved that United's midfield, without the Brazilian, cannot compete with the league's best, such as Arsenal's trio of Thomas Partey, Granit Xhaka and Martin Odegaard." United are next in action against Nottingham Forest in the Carabao Cup on Wednesday night (8pm).