Sally Nugent was left pleading for help from reporter Nina Warhurst on BBC Breakfast following Jon Kay's "inappropriate" remark. Jon later apologised for a quip which went down like a lead balloon on the famous red sofa. Jon explained: "We'll hear about the adventures of a mischievous duck named Ham, who's become a celebrity in his home town of Chorley." The presenter could not resist making a joke, adding: "And, er, talking of bills..." "Oh God, Jon! Oh Jon!" Sally replied as co-star Nina joined beside her ahead of her cost of living crisis update. "Sorry," Jon told his two colleagues. "I tried. It just came to me that same thing... Nina's here!" READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan Sally was not amused, adding: "Help us, Nina! Just help us!" Nina snapped: "It's not appropriate, Jon," to which Sally replied. "It's not!" Trying to defend himself, Jon said: "It's Monday morning!" "It's allowed," Nina commented. "I am looking forward to seeing Ham. Is his nickname Hamdini because he keeps escaping?" "We'll find out later," Jon teased Nina and viewers.  The disappearing duck made its BBC Breakfast debut later on in the programme as a reporter spoke to a woman who knitted him scarves. While some viewers appreciated the light relief, others felt there were more pressing issues to discuss on the flagship news programme. @ILoveBikes8 tweeted: "So the #BBCBreakfast top priority is talking about a naughty duck. Rather than a serving MP being caught dodging tax and the prime minister breaking the law. #seatbeltgate." Steluc Brooks added: "@BBCBreakfast I watched a quality segment of #GMB this morning where heavyweight political commentators discussed Zahawi/ Johnson's corruption and the strikes. DON'T MISS...Naga Munchetty pleads 'move on' as she shuts down BBC co-star  [LATEST]Selina Scott blasts BBC Breakfast Time as a ‘snake pit’ [UPDATE]Selina Scott snubs BBC Breakfast milestone after 'Jimmy Savile kiss' [INSIGHT] "I turned over to see you discussing a duck that chased people. You have become an absolute joke." Vinny asked: "You're going to keep us up to date with a duck's antics? Would rather you keep us up to date with current affairs #BBCBreakfast." However, Linzi, who shared a picture of Ham in a blue and white knitted scarf, added: "#Hamtheduck what an amazing duck, he is absolutely hilarious and a celeb on the #BBCBreakfast. I love him." (sic) Will Calligan remarked: "Watching the news is so weird. Death, BBC/BoJo payments, mass shooting, NFL player heart attack recovery, cost of living and now here’s a mischievous little duck called 'Ham' who keeps escaping his cage and his owner doesn’t know why!"  Elsewhere on the programme, Jon and Sally discussed the dangers of overbreeding dogs, ongoing rail strikes across the country and sexual abuse in rugby. Labour MP Tonia Antoniazza addressed abuse claims within women's rugby, telling viewers: "This is on a level with gymnastics, this is on a level with what's happened in cricket. "What is happening now, and I know it's not just rugby, is that sporting governing bodies are not being held to account." BBC Breakfast continues daily on BBC One between 6am and 9.15am. 