Jenna Ortega’s flawless portrayal of the iconic teen outcast proved a huge success for Netflix last year, and it didn’t take long for the streaming giant to get started on a second season. When Wednesday returns for more spooky misadventures, will she be on better terms with her sworn ‘frenemy’ Bianca Barclay (played by Joy Sunday)? Joy has teased Bianca and Wednesday will still be class rivals once the Addams Family revamp returns for its second season. The first outing introduced the iconic gothic teen to Nevermore Academy, a prestigious boarding school for supernatural beings and outcasts. Wednesday quickly runs afoul of Nevermore’s Queen Bee, Bianca, though they eventually become reluctant allies to put a stop to the monster who has been stalking their classmates. “I really enjoyed going head-to-head against Wednesday,” Joy remembered. READ MORE: BBC News' Joanna Gosling speaks out after quitting ahead of merger “I certainly think there’s some more room for some snarkiness, so that would still be fun.” At the start of the series, Bianca and Wednesday take their fencing match a little too far which sets up their tense relationship. Although the girls are on much better terms by the finale, Joy hinted some more sparring could be on the cards for season two. There could even be the chance of a rematch to decide once and for all who has the better fencing skills. “In that, I’d love to see us maintain that tension,” she confirmed on Reign with Josh Smith. “Whilst also supporting each other, protecting our found family. And also helping Bianca go through whatever’s going on with her family.” While Wednesday and Bianca will be trying to stay on amicable terms next season, the same may not be said about the Queen Bee’s parents. Viewers only got a glimpse of Bianca’s dysfunctional family in season one, but Wednesday’s next instalment could delve even further into the lives and backstories of Nevermore’s students. DON'T MISS:1000-lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton welcomes new addition to family [UPDATE]The Handmaid’s Tale fans fume over Tuello’s Serena blunder [BACKLASH]Outlander fans slam glaring Brianna Fraser omission [OPINION] “There’s obviously a Big Bad Wolf in her life,” Joy teased. “And, in order for her to really thrive, she needs to get that off of her shoulders. So I’m hoping to see all that for season two.” Echoing a popular fan demand, she also added: “Also, #BringBackWeems!” Fans were distraught when Nevermore’s principal, Larissa Weems (Gwendoline Christie) was killed off by Marilyn Thornhill (Christina Ricci) in the epic season finale. After Marilyn was revealed to be behind the sinister plot plaguing the town of Jericho, it seems two of Wednesday’s biggest stars won’t be back for the second outing. However, this does leave Wednesday plenty of opportunity to torment and befriend Nevermore’s other students. There’s also the case of her shadowy stalker, whose sinister threats at the end of the series only managed to excite Wednesday with the prospect of another mystery. Wednesday season 1 is available to stream on Netflix.