The White House's own assessment of the global consequences of the US going into default warned credit markets "would freeze" and the stock market could collapse. The Treasury Department on Thursday introduced "extraordinary measures" after the United States hit the debt ceiling in a bid to avoid devastating consequences. Joe Biden has been urging Congress for weeks to alter the $31.4tn (£25.4tn) borrowing cap but has been met with resistance from House Republicans and Speaker Kevin McCarthy. Congress has agreed to raise the debt ceiling 78 times since 1960 but heightened political tensions in the US have ignited fears a resolution might be found too late to avoid a default in the summer. The White House in 2021 published an assessment warning of the rapid and profound consequences world markets would face should the US fail to fulfil its obligations and pay back its loans amid GOP's demands for further spending cuts. The assessment read: "If the United States does default, the consequences could escalate rapidly and profoundly. "The timeframe of these impacts is unclear since the United States has never defaulted; moreover, the effects of a default would not be confined to the United States. JUST IN: Germany refuses to send tanks to Kyiv as EU chief warns of 'massive assault'  "The global economy, which relies on a strong U.S. economy, would begin to slide into a financial crisis and likely, a recession." Council of Economic Advisers chair Cecilia Rouse and colleagues Ernie Tedeschi, Martha Gimbel, and Bradley Clark said international companies would likely react to a crisis by firing employees, thus sending unemployment rates rocketing as they did in 2008. They added: "A default would send shock waves through global financial markets and would likely cause credit markets worldwide to freeze up and stock markets to plunge. "Employers around the world would likely have to begin laying off workers. READ MORE: Biden on brink as shutdown threatens US with 'economically catastrophic' default blow "The 2008 financial crisis had ripple effects throughout the global economy that ricocheted back to US shores, causing firms to lay off workers and cut private investment." And Biden's senior economic adviser Gene Sterling this week added: "In 2011, when we were at risk of default, it had enormous harm on the economy. It hurt the economy. It plummeted consumer confidence that hurt growth and jobs, just the threat of default. "Just the notion that the United States is a place where one political party could hold hostage the full faith and credit of the United States could threaten default to get what I think are rather extreme budget views. "Any policy preference at all is going to be very damaging, and you will hear this from the Chamber of Commerce, not just this White House. The risk and threat of default is a risk economic catastrophe for all Americans." DON'T MISS:Idaho investigators found 'reddish stains' at suspect's home [INSIGHT]US tipped to exploit UK weakness to for 'advantageous' Brussels deal [ANALYSIS]Biden slammed as DC residents 'concerned he's hiding something' [REPORT] Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen urged Congress to "act promptly" to avoid keeping the extraordinary measures in place for too long in a letter to Speaker McCarthy. Yellen wrote: "The period of time that extraordinary measures may last is subject to considerable uncertainty, including the challenges of forecasting the payments and receipts of the US Government months into the future. "I respectfully urge Congress to act promptly to protect the full faith and credit of the United States." Biden and McCarthy have several months to reach an agreement as the Treasury Department said the measures that will allow the Government to keep operating will stay in place at least until June. But years of intensifying partisan hostility have led to a conflicting set of demands that jeopardize the ability of the lawmakers to work together on a basic duty. The President has insisted on a “clean” increase to the debt limit so that existing commitments can be sustained and is refusing to even start talks with the GOP. The Speaker of the House has instead called for negotiations that he believes will lead to spending cuts. McCarthy and his colleagues have not specified how much they want to trim and whether fellow Republicans would support any deal after a testy start to the new Congress that required 15 rounds of voting to elect the new Speaker.