Arsenal hero Theo Walcott believes his old club could play into Tottenham's hands in Sunday's north London derby. Walcott is confident the Gunners can win but is wary that Spurs' style could trouble Mikel Arteta's side. Arsenal are aiming to win an away Premier League match against Tottenham for the first time since 2014. They make the short trip sitting 11 points clear of their opponents, with a game in hand. The league leaders have lost just one game in the top flight this term, alongside two draws. Walcott was partial to a north London derby goal during his time at Arsenal. He insists form will go out of the window on Sunday. And despite being confident, the Southampton winger has warned Arteta that his tactics could be just what Spurs want to play against. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Walcott told talkSPORT: "It’s at Tottenham isn’t it? I’m very confident to be honest, I feel like Tottenham play quite a negative style. "But to some extent Arsenal will have a lot of the ball which could play a bit into Tottenham’s hands, they tend to like that. But it’s the derby, this is one of the games where anyone can win this, they really can. "You shouldn’t have to get players up for this game, they should know. But it’s going to be great, I’m really looking forward to it." Arsenal are five points clear of second-placed Manchester City heading into the weekend's action. City travel to Old Trafford to play Manchester United on Saturday, so have the chance to close the gap on their rivals at the top. DON'T MISSMan Utd have signed another Nani as chiefs come to transfer realisationChelsea owner Boehly has four options to replace Potter if sacking happensChelsea fans furious as three players walk down tunnel after Fulham loss  The Gunners last won the league in 2004, two years before Walcott joined the club. The 33-year-old believes this could be the season the 19-year wait for a top-flight title comes to an end. He has also been impressed with the performances of Eddie Nketiah. The forward has scored four goals in four games since the resumption of football after the break for the World Cup. Asked if he thinks Arsenal can win the title, Walcott said: "Yes. I do. I really do actually. "Look at Eddie Nketiah right now, he’s having his opportunity and he’s taken it with both hands. There’s something about Arsenal right now, just the whole atmosphere there. I’m positive about it, I really am."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here