Chelsea co-owner Todd Boehly reportedly wants concrete assurances that transfer target Mykhaylo Mudryk would be prepared to snub Arsenal for Stamford Bridge. The Blues chief is prepared to blow the Gunners out of the water with a January bid but doesn't want to suffer the humiliation of being rejected by the player after doing so. Arsenal were thought to have a virtually clear run at Mudryk after months of flirting between player and club. In an interview last year, the Shakhtar Donetsk winger admitted that he would find it hard to turn down a move to the Emirates and lavished praise on their style of play. As rumours ramped up on a potential January switch to the Emirates, Mudryk upped the ante on social media by posting photos of himself watching Arsenal matches. Two Gunners bids have been rejected, however, with the latest one coming in at a reported £62million. That has given Chelsea the perfect opportunity to wade in and Boehly is supposedly serious about pipping his London rivals to one of Europe's most exciting young talents. READ MORE: Man Utd fans tell the Glazers their No 1 target to replace Ronaldo Reports suggest that the trigger-happy Blues are prepared to trump any Arsenal bid for Mudryk with Shakhtar holding out for a whopping £89m. Boehly showed that he and co-owners Clearlake mean business during the summer by overseeing a world-record transfer outlay for a single window. Chelsea aren't prepared to go into the transfer battle too gung-ho, however, as The Telegraph claim that Boehly and fellow stakeholder Behdad Eghbali want assurances from Mudryk that he would be prepared to ditch his love affair with Arsenal if the asking price is met. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  Stamford Bridge is certainly a less settled environment than the Emirates at present with manager Graham Potter under pressure after winning just one of his last eight Premier League games. By contrast, Arsenal are five points clear at the top of the table after a barnstorming start to the campaign under Mikel Arteta. Mudryk may have to settle for a bit-part role if he heads to north London with Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli already well-established options on either flank. Chelsea would have a more pressing need for a player of his talent with Raheem Sterling and Christian Pulisic both injured, while Hakim Ziyech is linked with a move elsewhere.  Arsenal are thought to be against the idea of getting into a bidding war with Chelsea and have internally set a maximum price that they will not exceed this month. They have supposedly stepped up their pursuit of wantaway Atletico Madrid forward Joao Felix as a result. But pressure remains on the Gunners to land their No 1 target and Shakhtar chief Darijo Srna cranked up the heat by sitting yards away from Boehly in the directors box during Chelsea's loss to Manchester City on Thursday night, following another round of talks. 