The man suspected of killing four students in Moscow, Idaho nearly two months ago "seemed like he never slept", according to a neighbour. Bryan Kohberged was arrested on Friday on suspicion of killing University of Idaho students Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Madison Mogen, 21, Ethan Chapin, 20, and Xana Kernodle, 20 at their home on November 13. A neighbour of the alleged killer claimed the man often stayed up all night as she questioned his ability to commit a quadruple homicide. The neighbour, speaking on condition of anonymity, said: "He’s normally a very late-night person, going to the bathroom and vacuuming at 1 or 12 in the morning. "I have kids, so sometimes I thought of speaking to him or complaining, but never did. "It seemed like he never slept because he was always doing something all night." She continued: "I don’t know how he could’ve killed people because he doesn’t look that tough." JUST IN: Harry and Meghan blow as Brits call for them to be banned from Charles's coronation -poll Speaking to the New York Post, she added: "We are all PhD students here so it takes a lot of hard work and smarts to get to this point. "You don’t think someone like that could do something like this." Kohberger, who was studying for a PhD in criminology at Washington State University Pullman, moved into his new accommodation in August. The residence is normally reserved for students with families, but the neighbour noted the man appeared to have been living there alone. She said: "At first he moved in by himself and we thought his family would come later, but he lived there alone." READ MORE: Jeremy Renner in 'critical but stable condition' after Marvel star 'airlifted to hospital' Other residents on campus said Kohberger maintained a low profile since moving in earlier in the year. Justin Williams, who lives in the building next to the murder suspect's, said: "I’d see him go check his mail, that was it. Other than that, I’ve only seen him like twice the whole time, and I’ve lived here since July 2021." Kohberger was arrested at what is believed to be his parents' home in Pennsylvania on Friday, six weeks after the murders of Goncalves, Mogen, Kernodle and Chapin. The 28-year-old's public defender Jason LaBar said the man is "eager to be exonerated of these charges and looks forward to resolving these matters as promptly as possible." Kohberger has waived his right to an extradition hearing and is planning to voluntarily return to Idaho to face the prosecution. Mr LaBar said in a statement Kohberger had been in Pennsylvania after being collected by his father to celebrate the holidays. The public defender, who will only be representing his client until he is returned to Idaho, said his family is "very shocked" by the accusations. He said: "Out of character for Bryan… The FBI, local police, Idaho State Troopers were at their house at approximately 3AM knocking on the door and announcing themselves to enter, out of real shock and awe to them. "Mr Kohberger has been accused of very serious crimes, but the American justice system cloaks him in a veil of innocence ... He should be presumed innocent until proven otherwise - not tried in the court of public opinion.”