Marcel Sabitzer has reportedly informed Manchester United that 'he'd be more than happy to join' with Erik ten Hag attempting to sign the Austrian ahead of the January deadline. United's business in the January transfer window appeared to be done with the signing of Wout Weghorst on loan from Burnley. TRANSFER DEADLINE DAY LIVE The club stated throughout the window that finances were tight due to the money spent last summer and their hope to target more deals at the end of the season. But the results of Christian Eriksen's scan confirmed United's worst fears, ruling him out of action until May. The Denmark international had established himself as a key member of Ten Hag's starting line-up, but he was hacked down by Andy Carroll in the FA Cup win over Reading at the weekend. It's now left United light of options in midfield with Casemiro and Fred the only senior midfielders fit. Scott McTominay and Donny van de Beek are also out injured, meaning Ten Hag would need to rely on the likes of Kobbie Mainoo and Zidane Iqbal to step up. But, with just hours left in the transfer window, United have opened talks with Bayern Munich in the hope of striking a deal for Sabitzer.  The negotiations are said to be moving quickly and United are reportedly confident of making the deal happen. And transfer expert Fabrizio Romano indicates that Sabitzer isn't against the switch as the midfielder has reportedly told United 'that he’d be more than happy to join the club and Ten Hag’s project'. The 28-year-old was on the radar of several top European clubs back in 2021 before Bayern moved to sign him for just £13.7million. But he's struggled for regular minutes under Julian Nagelsmann, starting just seven league games this season. Ten Hag was coy in his press conference on Tuesday when asked whether there would be the possibility for late signings at Old Trafford. But, speaking last week, the United boss said that the club should be ready to "strike" in the market if an opportunity arises.  "I can't talk for other clubs, I'm talking for our club," Ten Hag said. "We have a strategy, so we keep the strategy where we want to go. We want to restore Manchester United to where they belong. "We are in a good direction and it also has to match our financial frames. We started the season, we keep consistent to that plan, to that strategy and we are developing as a club, we are developing as a squad in the way of play. "You see also the results in the process, we make the right progress, we have to keep the process going and keep improving every day."