In the wake of Casemiro’s suspension, Manchester United could be tempted to play Lisandro Martinez in midfield against Arsenal on Sunday. The Argentina international is a centre-back by trade, having played there since moving to Old Trafford back in the summer. However, past comments made by the 24-year-old suggests he’s ready to step up and play elsewhere if Erik ten Hag needs him to. Manchester United had been hoping to unleash Casemiro against Arsenal on Sunday as they look to boost their faltering title hopes at the Emirates Stadium. However, the midfielder will now be banned for the showdown having picked up a fifth yellow card of the campaign against Crystal Palace on Wednesday night. That represents a blow for Ten Hag, especially given how the 30-year-old has been performing since his summer arrival from Real Madrid. And it also gives the Dutchman a selection dilemma, too. Fred is one option to replace Casemiro, with the United star previously brought in as a solution to their defensive-midfield struggles back in the summer transfer window of 2018. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Scott McTominay is another potential pick, with the United star previously impressing at the beginning of the campaign. And United could even try Christian Eriksen there, like they did during the 4-0 defeat to Brentford back in August. However, Martinez would represent a wildcard. He’s played in midfield before, with Ajax, and has the tenacity required to keep Thomas Partey in check at the Emirates Stadium. What’s more, the United star has also made it clear in the past that he’s more than happy to play there if his manager requires. Speaking to Ole in 2021, Martinez said: "I'm not closed to anything. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see "The day I get to play central midfielder, I'll do it again. If that helps the team, I'm going to do it. “The same as from the side (full-back). I consider myself a versatile player who is always predisposed to give the best beyond the position." Should United decide to play Martinez in the middle of the park, with Bruno Fernandes and Christian Eriksen ahead, it would enable Ten Hag to tinker with his defence. Harry Maguire could then come into the side, though the former Leicester star seems down in Ten Hag’s pecking order at the current moment in time. Likewise Victor Lindelof, though the Swede has suffered with some minor injuries over the course of the season so far. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And United could even play Luke Shaw there, too, with the England international getting experience in that position since the appointment of Ten Hag back in the summer. Sky Sports pundit Jamie Redknapp, meanwhile, thinks Casemiro was unhappy with Bruno Fernandes after picking up his yellow card against Palace. “It was a moment of madness,” he said on Sky Sports. “You could see Casemiro was furious with Bruno Fernandes, who jumped out of a challenge. “That’s why he ends up one-on-one with Zaha and he gets booked. It could have been a red card. It’s a scandalous challenge. It’s reckless. “I could just see [Arsenal manager] Mikel Arteta when that happened dancing around his living room because he is so important to Man United. “They have got no-one who can do what he does in the team.” United will be hoping for a repeat of what happened when they locked horns with Arsenal earlier in the season. They won 3-1 at Old Trafford, with a strike from Antony and brace from Marcus Rashford giving them all three points.