Greta Thunberg has been pictured smiling as she was carried away by riot police in Germany for the second time in just three days while protesting at a coal mine. The environment activist was among a group who were detained by police during the protest in the coal village of Lutzerath in the North Rhine-Westphalia region. This latest incident comes after the 20-year-old was physically removed from the same site by police on Sunday following protests. The activists are protesting against a coal mine expansion in the village that is seeing some of the village destroyed to make room for it. German news channel n-tv showed the vocal activist among a group of protesters that was surrounded by police officers. But they have clashed with riot police, who are removing many of them from the protest site. Meanwhile, several activists who took part in the demonstration near Luetzerath, ran over to the Garzweiler open pit mine today.  That has a sharp break-off edge and many stood at the edge of it, triggering the response from the riot police. RWE, the German multinational energy company, said one protester was able to make their way into the mine, with the firm reportedly branding the move "very reckless". A spokesperson for Aachen police said: "Greta Thunberg was part of a group of activists who rushed towards the ledge. "However, she was then stopped and carried by us with this group out of the immediate danger area to establish their identity."   The spokesperson added it is not yet known what will happen to to Thunberg or the group she was detained with. On Friday, Thunberg launched a furious attack against Germany, accusing it of 'embarrassing itself' by expanding the mine, DW News reports. She said: "I think it's absolutely absurd that this is happening in the year 2023. The most effective people are clear, the science is clear, we need to keep the carbon in the ground. "When Government and corporations are acting like this, are actively destroying the environment, putting countless of people at risk, the people step up.   "This is only a part of a global climate movement and we stand together in solidarity." The protests over recent days have descended into chaos, with demonstrators accusing police of "pure violence", while the authorities say 70 police officers have been hurt. Police have said they are investigating potential offences, while nine eco-activists were taken to hospital. None have been seriously injured, although this has been disputed by the protesters, who say several have been hurt.  Last Wednesday, police began evicting protesters from Luetzerath, removing roadblocks, chopping down treehouses and bulldozing buildings. The symbolic and historic importance of the coal village has been cited by the activists. Last weekend, thousands of peple had demonstrated against the razing of the village by RWE for the expansion of the Garzweiler coal mine. 