Manchester United have reportedly abandoned plans to try and sign Yann Sommer after holding 'internal discussions' on a potential swoop for the Switzerland international. David de Gea's future is yet to be resolved at Old Trafford with just a few months remaining on his contract. United regularly insert one-year options into contracts with players and a number of those extensions were activated last month. Marcus Rashford, Luke Shaw, Diogo Dalot and Fred all had their contracts extended by another year. De Gea also has a one-year option in his contract, but United don't want to keep paying his £300,000-a-week wages beyond the end of this season. Negotiations have been taking place, but United have also been scouring the market for potential replacements if an agreement can't be reached. Borussia Monchengladbach goalkeeper Sommer had emerged as a potential option as he becomes a free agent at the end of the season. Bayern Munich have long been favourites to sign the Swiss shot-stopper, but United have also been linked with a move. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE   However, transfer expert Fabrizio Romano claims United's main priority is agreeing a new deal for De Gea to continue as the club's No 1. The Spaniard is in his 12th season at Old Trafford and has been a crucial part of Erik ten Hag's side this season. But questions were asked once again on whether De Gea should be the main man between the sticks beyond this season following his howler against Everton on Friday. Roy Keane mocked the United goalkeeper for his role in Everton's goal, but De Gea still has the support of Ten Hag. The Red Devils boss credited De Gea as the main reason United have kept so many clean sheets in the Premier League this season. And De Gea himself is "relaxed" about his future at the club, insisting he hopes to finish his career at United.  He added: "I was saying this is my club, I’ve been here many, many years and it’s a huge honour to be here and I’m so happy here. Yeah, I’m very relaxed [about the contract], just focussed on training, performing as best as I can. But, for sure, it’s going to end in a good way." United have already made their move for a back-up goalkeeper in the January window, signing Jack Butland until the end of the season. Ten Hag was keen to bring in another experienced goalkeeper following Martin Dubravka's return to Newcastle. The Magpies recalled Dubravka from his loan spell at Old Trafford after the Slovakian made just two appearances under Ten Hag.