Kate joined her husband, Prince William, last week as the couple visited various health organisations in Merseyside. The royal pair were in Liverpool last Thursday, just days after Prince Harry's new book, Spare, was released. For the occasion, Kate wore a recycled tartan coat and a navy blue dress. She had worn the coat before - in December last year and, previous to that, in November 2021. The garment is green and blue with gold buttons running down its centre, as well as on the sleeve cuffs. The Princess matched this with a navy blue ribbed midi dress by London-based designer Cefinn, which she had accessorised with a belt. Called the "Eva Wool Knit Dress in Navy", the garment retailed for £290. Kate completed the look with a pair of black stilettos by Gianvito Rossi. READ MORE: Princess Charlene is a 'permissive parent' unlike 'authoritarian' Kate As for the coat, it retailed for £749 and is by British brand Holland Cooper and called the Blackwatch Tartan Coat. The brand described it on its website as a “longline sophisticated wool coat” with a more-relaxed silhouette than some of our super-fitted tailoring”. It added: “Perfect to layer with a classic tee or styled with our super-chunky knitwear. Made from the finest UK woven wools, this coat has been hand cut and proudly made in England.” The coat reached Kate’s shins and had an open collar and gold buttons on the sleeves and on either side of the coat’s opening. Miranda Holder, celebrity stylist and fashion expert, spoke to Express.co.uk about the meaning behind the Princess' outfit last week. According to her, there are always particular reasons behind Kate's choice of outfits - everything, down to the last detail, is thought about by stylists. She said: "Kate looked absolutely sensational as she stepped out in her favourite tartan Holland and Cooper double breasted coat in dark blue and green tartan. "Her glossy hair tumbled in soft waves over her shoulders and she wore a navy blue dress underneath the coat, which was cinched at the waist with a matching belt. "The blue and green theme was carried into her accessories, as she completed the look with navy blue court shoes and a beautiful dark green handbag. READ MORE: Jennifer Lopez's 4 anti-ageing techniques detailed by dermatologist "Kate looked polished, professional and sophisticated for her appointment." Miranda went on to explain why Kate might have chosen navy blue as her outfit's main colour last week. It was unusual for the Princess to wear an outfit in dark hues, but the fashion expert claimed there was a reason for it. She said: "Blue is one of her favourite colours to wear as it is believed to assist in communication, be calming and evoke trust - indeed it is for these reasons that the colour is so strongly associated with the medical profession, making the colour the ideal diplomatic choice for the Princess to wear last week. "The dark tones of navy and bottle green felt appropriate for the season and also somber enough to reflect the turbulent time the family have been suffering following the press reaction to Harry’s book release. "Anything brighter or lighter would have felt jarring at this tricky time." Kate completed her look last week with a Mulberry bag called the "Amberley" Small Top Handle Bag in Heavy Grain Mulberry Green. Her jewellery of choice was a pair of dainty earrings that belonged to her mother-in-law, Princess Diana. The royal has worn the jewels, which are sapphires surrounded by tiny diamonds, on many occasions in the past. The earrings were originally part of a jewellery suite given to Diana by Crown Prince Fahd of Saudi Arabia as a wedding gift, according to Us Magazine. The blue and silver earrings were originally studs when worn by Diana, but Kate redesigned them into drop earrings.