Sebastian Vettel has claimed F1 could one day be “banned” due to concerns over climate emissions. The four-time world champion stressed bosses had to think about ways to clean up the sport for it to continue. The former Aston Martin driver admitted F1 could face a “big problem” if it fails to take action within the next years. He told Corriere dello Sport: “I love motorsport and I’m very careful when it comes to the future. “We have young drivers, and I have children, and I think it’s really a privilege to experience the world of motorsports as I have. It would be a shame if this were one day banned for obvious reasons. “I think that for the future, if we want to continue practicing this sport and cultivate our passion for racing, we have to think of alternatives. Or we can continue to do things as we are used to for another couple of years before we end up with a really big problem.” READ MORE: Sebastian Vettel was 'never in same class' as F1 rival Lewis Hamilton The former Red Bull champion said people needed to “rethink” their behaviours and change their lifestyles to make a difference. However, he also stressed that “systematic change” could be needed with events cancelled if environmental needs are not taken seriously. Vettel has been a keen campaigner on environmental issues during Grand Prix weekends in recent years. He wore a t-shirt emblazoned with a picture of the earth ahead of his final race in Abu Dhabi back in November. The 35-year-old wore a top claiming the 2060 Miami Grand Prix would be the first “underwater” to raise awareness of rising sea levels. DON'T MISSHelmut Marko tips Sebastian Vettel to go after Christian Horner's job [INSIGHT]Vettel reflects on 'emotional' Hamilton incident with regret [ANALYSIS]Mark Webber claims Sebastian Vettel made F1 retirement mistake [COMMENT] The German has also been spotted wearing a shirt emblazoned with the words “climate justice now”. Vettel has previously claimed environmental concerns even played a factor in walking away from the sport at the end of last season. He added: “Obviously, travelling the world, racing cars and burning resources, literally, are things that I cannot look away from. Once I think you see these things and you are aware, I don’t think you can really unsee it. “When it comes to the climate crisis, there is no way that F1 or any sport or business can avoid it, because it impacts all of us. Maybe it’ll be pushed back or be more quiet, but it’s only a matter of time – that we don’t have.” 