Chelsea owner Todd Boehly has described new signing Benoit Badiashile as 'an excellent young player' after his move to Stamford Bridge was officially confirmed on Thursday. The 21-year-old has joined the Blues from Monaco for a transfer fee of around £32.7million and has signed a mammoth seven-and-a-half-year deal with the west Londoners to keep him on their books until the summer of 2030. Chelsea were initially linked with a high-profile move for RB Leipzig and Croatia ace Josko Gvardiol, who turned plenty of heads with his impressive World Cup performances and was said to have been watched by the Blues for some time. However, they eventually decided to go for Badiashile and it seems as though Boehly is confident that he will not live to regret the decision over the coming seasons."We're delighted to welcome Benoit to Chelsea," Boehly and co-owner Behdad Eghbali told the club website. "He's an excellent young player who has quickly established a strong reputation for himself and has a huge amount of experience for his young age. We are sure he will form an important part of our team in the years ahead."Badiashile will be expected to go straight into the Chelsea squad as they look to save their season under the guidance of Graham Potter, who has struggled to extract the very best from his players over the course of his short spell in charge of the club. They currently sit 10th in the Premier League table after losing five and drawing four of their opening 16 matches, leaving them well adrift of the division's top four and firmly out of the title race. JUST IN: Chelsea and Liverpool target Caicedo may have shut door on transfer Chelsea managed to wrap up their deal to land Badiashile fairly quickly, with the player completing his medical on Monday evening before putting pen to paper on a bumper long-term contract. He is the club's second signing of the January window, following the earlier arrival of David Datro Fofana from Molde, and will be hoping to settle in quickly in order to impress Potter early on and get to grips with life in the Premier League.It remains to be seen whether Badiashile will be able to provide the solution to Chelsea's defensive woes between now and the end of the season, though, with French journalist Julien Laurens insisting earlier this month that he can be prone to making crucial errors at the back from time to time. "He is young, he makes mistakes, we’ve seen it in Ligue 1 and we’ve seen it with the national team," Laurens told ESPN. "The last thing that Chelsea need is players coming in who make mistakes."One for the future, really talented, good kid as well, good mind, good entourage, everything good. But for the problems that Chelsea have right now, I’m not sure he’s the answer." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.