FPL fans will pray that Tottenham star Harry Kane can avoid any unnecessary bookings in the north London derby this weekend as it will see him suspended for the second half of their double Gameweek. The England international has been shown four yellow cards so far this season, meaning that one more will see him sidelined for the crunch clash against Manchester City on Thursday night. A staggering 33% of FPL users have Kane in their squads currently, and at £11.6million he is certainly a difficult player to bench on a double Gameweek - especially considering that he may only be available for one of the two matches. Spurs have two tricky tests over the next six days, with the opportunity to throw a spanner into the works for two title contenders. Thus, to be successful against rivals Arsenal or Pep Guardiola’s City, Kane will need to be in flying form. The 29-year-old has scored 15 goals in 18 Premier League appearances so far this season in what has been an impressive start to the campaign, though his growing card tally will be a cause for concern. Premier League card counts for players are reset after the 19th fixture of the season, which will cool any fears of a two-game ban further down the line. However, the 19th match of the season for Spurs is against Arsenal – one match too late for the prospect of a ban to be squashed. It remains to be seen whether Antonio Conte will consider the card tally of Kane on Sunday or if he is willing to risk his No 9 picking up a booking for an entire 90 minutes. Of course, how the match pans out will also be a major factor – if the score is level then taking off the club’s second-highest all-time top scorer would be a brave move, but not if his side are winning and in cruise control late on. Ex-Spurs star Gus Poyet is hoping that his former side can secure all three points in the derby, simply as he thinks it will make the overall league more competitive. He told WhatAcca.com: “I think we’ll see Arsenal try to dominate possession to stop Tottenham going too far. Maybe Spurs will change a little bit and not being too passive. There will be moments in the game where Tottenham will be very organised. "It all comes down to key moments and key players. When you have a chance, you must score. Scoring first is really important. I really hope that Tottenham win to make the Premier League a bit more interesting."