The toddler has become one of the youngest MENSA members ever after teaching himself to read at the age of two. Teddy, at just three years and eight months old, has the letter and word recognition of a child of eight years and ten months old, according to his MENSA assessment. The child prodigy amazed his parents when he learnt to read a book fluently to Beth and Will at two years and two months. The boy has since continued his autodidact educational journey by reading during the coronavirus lockdown and learning to count up to 100 in Mandarin, according to Somerset Live. His mum Beth said she and her husband made sure he had “plenty” of books around to satisfy his interest, which grew exponentially during the pandemic. She said: "But, during the lockdown, he started to take a real interest, and by the age of 26 months, he had taught himself to read. "He then moved on to numbers and was learning times tables. We got him a tablet the following Christmas for him to play games on. But instead, he taught himself to count up to 100 in mandarin."  After months of reading and learning, the now four-year-old prodigy is already proficient in six foreign languages, including Welsh, German, French, Mandarin, and Spanish. Stunned by his cognitive skills, Beth and Will decide to contact health visitors to request an evaluation of their little prodigy. Beth explained: "With him looking forward to starting school, we wanted to have some sort of assessment so we knew the level of skills he was going to start school with.” "Teddy was our first child and as he was conceived via IVF, we have nothing to compare him with." READ MORE: POLL – Should homework for primary school children be scrapped? The couple turned to MENSA for advice as they sought further assistance for their son. Teddy, who was three years and seven months old at the time, was subjected to an hour-long online evaluation with professionals. The concerned mum said: "I was worried about him being able to sit in front of a laptop for an hour, but he absolutely loved it." Teddy's IQ was then discovered to be at the 99.5th percentile, MENSA found, qualifying him to become a member of the largest and oldest high-IQ society in the world. Beth could not believe her ears "when they said he was in the top 0.5 percentile for IQ, it just blew us away." Additional evaluations showed that Teddy had the letter and word recognition of a kid who was eight years and 10 months old at the age of three years and eight months. Teddy, who will begin school in September, was one of the country's youngest MENSA members when he earned a certificate attesting to his membership. DON'T MISS:Is it time for teachers to get a fair pay rise? YOUR VERDICT [POLL]Kirstie Allsopp expresses 'greatest regret’ involving sons [REPORT]'Tackle decline in GCSE music or UK will not be a creative powerhouse' [REPORT] The "really surprised" parents "never pushed him to do all this", Beth said, as they "have scaffolded his interests by providing him with items such as books and an abacus, but we’ve never promoted it." Teddy’s nursery has been "excellent" in helping the little boy through his educational journey by following recommendations set by the charity Potential Plus - an organisation for gifted children - which provided tips and worksheets for the child prodigy, Beth said. Beth and Will say they "don’t know where this has come from". Outside school hours, Teddy enjoys swimming and gymnastics. According to his mum, he likes reading to his 15-month-old sister Pippa and is thinking about being a doctor when he grows up. While the two parents encourage Teddy to pursue his education journey, "all we want for Teddy is to be a good person and be happy with life. That’s all any parent would wish for." READ NEXT:Keegan mocks unions as most teachers did not back strikesStrikes mean Year 11 pupils have had one year of undisrupted learningIs it time for teachers to get a fair pay rise to protect education?Teachers vote for strike action that will close most schoolsTeachers' strike could see return to online lessons