Before the brutality of Nazi Germany he joined countless other Jews to swell the ranks of the French Resistance, determined as he was to dispel the darkness of fascism and reaffirm the right of all men and women to live free from oppression. As we mark Holocaust Remembrance Day I believe it is crucial we recognise the boundless courage, resilience, and generosity in actions of the Jewish diaspora. Where so many could have chosen to flee, countless decided to stay and fight back... not just so their kins would be freed but so the world could break from the shackles of authoritarianism and the malignant ideology that underwrote it. Thrown into the fires of a war that aimed to erase them from existence, they stood in the knowledge that their sacrifice would allow future generations to learn that in order to live free, one must speak truth to power. One among many, my grandfather gave all that could be given. Thrice a prisoner of war, he stubbornly escaped time and again, always to rejoin his men, never to cower before the seemingly insurmountable task at hand. His story is not extraordinary... his deeds, far from uncommon! Indeed, if many often chose to reduce the Holocaust to a tale of victimhood, we must, now more than ever before, remember that it is the spirit of resistance, in all its iterations, which sustained and motivated those Nazi Germany appointed for destruction. But our struggle against fascism did not end with the fall of the Third Reich... if only! Today its evil has been reborn on the lips of Islamic radicals and other ideologues, who, whilst claiming to advocate for a better and more brilliant future, have sowed divisions and hatred. Antisemitism is once more rampant, its advocates are many. It is how we will meet this new challenge that will determine whether or not the promise once made, that never again good men will wait, holds. It would be a tragedy to have lived and survived the horrors of the Shoah to fail to recognise today, that apathy before the forces of fascism only serves to embolden its armies. Old hatreds, albeit under new labels, and rationales, have resurfaced - its most vociferous mouthpiece being the Islamic Republic of Iran, the very regime, which, from its many pulpits calls for the destruction of Israel, and all Jews. Although I seldom like to refer to the terror of the 1930s and 1940s in that the finality of its evil sits beyond any comparison we may wish to draw, I fear I must before the implacability of the Iranian regime, since the ideology that sustains it speaks the language of genocide. Not only ours, but all those who dare advocate for the right to exist outside the mould of Islamic radicalism. Tehran is holding the world hostage! Before the belligerence of the regime’s men our Western democracies have retreated in fear, looking for means and ways to contain the ayatollahs, and if not, at least to appease their fervour by advocating diplomacy - all in the name of peace... or so we are told. I would argue that our state officials’ reluctance to challenge Tehran, even as it amasses enough materials to build several nuclear bombs, has more to do with a lack of moral fortitude than a commitment to peace. We cannot cower any longer. I recall how so many in Europe, back when the Reich worked to absorb more lands to its mad hegemonic pursuits, argued diplomacy to avoid any and all escalation. Diplomacy requires rational and reasonable parties - and since fascism is by definition the antithesis of rationality, it can only be met by strength and resolve. Our reluctance to act quickly then, translated in the loss of two many lives - so many tragedies could have been avoided if officials had not chosen capitulation. We have an opportunity today to draw from history and forge a new way forward. My words are not an injunction for war, but a call for accountability. We assume our challenge of Iran’s regime to be belligerent. It is not, our rejection and condemnation of the regime is the only position to be had. And if Tehran chooses to read in our rebuttals war, it says more about its rationale then it does ours. A confrontation with the regime is inevitable, how it will be iterated remains for us to determine if only we chose to act now. To imagine that an ideology geared towards genocide and expansionism will simply chose to play by the rule of law if asked nicely is not only foolish but criminal if we consider the many lives we are forfeiting to its evil. And so as we mark Holocaust Memorial Day I will ask that we honour the lost lives and the sacrifices by speaking up when others have failed, and for History to read how good men stood when all others did not.