Manchester United aren’t in negotiations to sign Marco Reus despite holding talks with the player’s camp, according to reports. The Germany international is likely to leave Borussia Dortmund on a free transfer at the end of the season. And while Anthony Elanga is likely to head to the Bundesliga, a swap deal doesn’t seem to be on the cards. Reus has long been regarded as one of the best footballers in Germany, despite injuries hampering him in recent years. And, at the current moment in time, the Borussia Dortmund star looks likely to leave for free at the end of the season. According to Fabrizio Romano, United did indeed hold talks with Reus’ representatives recently - after they were spotted watching the club’s 2-1 win over Manchester City earlier in the month. But it’s claimed United aren’t likely to do a deal for the veteran as things stand. “I’m told it’s true that they had some conversations with the agents of Marco Reus,” Romano told The United Stand. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “He’s one of the players they considered, they spoke to, so it’s true that they had some conversations. “But at the same time, I’m told that at the moment, it’s not a negotiation.” United are open to making a late signing in attack, providing the right opportunity arises. Yet Reus would be a gamble, and a sizeable one at that, given the amount of football he’s missed out on over the years. United have previously raided Dortmund for three players, too, with none of the trio living up to expectations at Old Trafford. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Shinji Kagawa was a dud, with the Japan international sold by Louis van Gaal after failing to shine under Sir Alex Ferguson and David Moyes. United never saw the best of Henrikh Mkhitaryan, with the Armenia international lasting just 18 months before leaving for Arsenal. And the jury remains out on Jadon Sancho, who has struggled for consistency since returning to the Premier League in 2021. Reus recently admitted he was considering his options, saying: "That's what I have an agent for – to take care of these things. "Of course you look ahead. I still have half a year left on my contract, I have to think about it. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “We will have talks and see in which direction it goes. We'll see what the future brings." And Dick Hebel, his main agent, recently responded to talk of his client potentially joining Cristiano Ronaldo at Al-Nassr. “It is quite normal that other clubs are interested in a player like Marco, whose contract expires in six months,” he said. “Marco has always emphasised how much BVB is close to his heart, but also that he wants to continue playing football. “So it's only natural that we have to look at other options.” Erik ten Hag, meanwhile, wants United to act late in the market should an opportunity arise. "In the coming days, should we have an opportunity, I would go for it,” he said. “But it's not only up to me. I think that always has to be the approach at this club. "Every day you have to get better so if there are opportunities to get better then you have to strike, that's my approach. “I’m looking, doing research, I have an idea and have profiles to strengthen the squad."