Sunday night saw the return of BBC One’s Call The Midwife as the period drama kicked off in the Spring of 1968. Although some fans predict one fan favourite could be making a swift exit from the show. In the first instalment of the new series, viewers heard a snippet of Enoch Powell’s infamous Rivers of Blood speech which gave a scathing attack on UK immigration. Listening to the speech over the radio, Cyril (played by Zephryn Taitte) told Lucille (Leonie Elliott) inciting racial hatred in the country was a crime. Although when she questioned who would arrest a politician, Lucille added it wouldn’t stop people from acting on his words. Following on from his speech, tensions started to run high in Poplar among those in the community, which was clear in one particular scene towards the end of the episode. READ MORE:EastEnders fans 'work out' father of Lily Slater's baby in DNA twist   When two women went into labour, Mrs Pickard was left furious after her pain relief had been delayed for the other expectant mother, Mrs Patel. Lashing out at Nurse Lucille she swiped: “I didn’t realise I was in a queue, Enoch Powell was right! “It’s bad enough being shoved in a corner, let alone being left in bl**dy agony because of somebody who has no right to be here coming in and queue barging like the place belongs to them.” Explaining the other woman was in the delivery room as there could be complications as it's her first baby, Mrs Pickard hit back the complication is immigrants.   Telling the nurse that immigrants are taking all the jobs, she commented “they” should all go home, before adding she wasn’t talking about her. Stunned, the nurse replied: “I’m sorry but you do mean me, I am an immigrant. “Like everybody else from the Commonwealth I came here to work and to pay my part and to take my place. “I came to make Britain my home and I did not expect to be made unwelcome.” DON'T MISS... The Masked Singer fans think Otter is A-list star after Matilda clue [REACTION] Bridgerton season 3 filming ‘postponed’ after 'dark' storyline axed [NETFLIX] All you need to know about Call the Midwife season 12 episode count [INSIGHT]    Outraged by her patient's attitude, Lucille walked out of the labour ward before confiding in Cyril later that evening she wanted to go home, back to Jamaica. After seeing the racial tensions rise and Lucille at breaking point, viewers are worried the nurse may be exiting the show altogether. Taking to Twitter, Vickster51said: “I swear if they have something terrible happen to Lucille or Cyril I’m not sure I’ll be able to keep watching #CallTheMidwife." Cogs39 added: “I’m guessing Lucille chooses to go back to Jamaica due to homesickness & the unpleasantness stirred up by Enoch Powell. It will be sad to lose her as she’s been a lovely character in #CallTheMidwife."   DebbieBlackma14 asked: “Are we losing Lucille? #CalltheMidwife.” Toshiikos added: “If lucille leaves i am going to RIOT. she is my absolute favourite #callthemidwife.” With paradiseIeah commenting: “Oh i really dont want lucille and cyril to leave but i feel like they will #CallTheMidwife.” Cogs39 added: “I’m guessing Lucille chooses to go back to Jamaica due to homesickness & the unpleasantness stirred up by Enoch Powell. It will be sad to lose her as she’s been a lovely character in #CallTheMidwife.” Call The Midwife continues Sundays on BBC One from 8pm. 