The Masked Singer fans were let furious with Jonathan Ross, Davina McCall, Rita Ora and Mo Gilligan on Saturday as they failed to “correctly” guess the identity of Rhino. ITV viewers are convinced they’ve identified the mysterious celebrity and took to Twitter to air their frustration at the panel not having the same realisation. In Rhino’s latest VT clip, a series of clues pointed to the celebrity’s identity. A “danger rising water” sign could be seen while Rhino galloped off screen. On Saturday, each celebrity’s song was in itself a clue and Rhino performed a track from The Lion King. The Masked Singer viewers are convinced Rhino is The Busted’s Charlie Simpson. Read more: The Masked Singer fans 'expose' identity of Jellyfish as BGT star However, the judges failed to suggest Charlie as a guess and instead put forward Charlie Puth, Alife Boe, Tyson Fury and Jason Orange. ITV viewers fumed at the judges for their “stupid” guesses. Thatlasspaige tweeted: “Knowing for a fact Rhino is Charlie Simpson and none of the judges have guessed him yet has me upset because his voice is so distinct and beautiful #TheMaskedSingerUK #rhino.” Tobyf_2007 wrote: “There is no way the #MaskedSingerUK judges haven’t got a clue that Rhino is Charlie Simpson like come on has the thought not come to mind?” “My weekly angry tweet that none of the masked singer judges know rhino is Charlie Simpson,” OdeToJamie_ added. Redbullmarky suggested: “That the judges can’t tell that @CharlieSimpson is Rhino suggests either fakery or stupidity. “It’s never been so obvious. One of the most awesome and distinctive voices around. #MaskedSingerUK.” Purple_Egg89 remarked: “How are the judges not guessing Charlie Simpson yet for Rhino?! I recognised his voice straight away! #TheMaskedSingerUK.” DON'T MISSThe Masked Singer fans 'work out' Rhino's identity  [INSIGHT]Joel Dommett's appearance distracts The Masked Singer fans  [VIDEO]The Masked Singer Rubbish star addresses backlash to knocking Lulu out [INTERVIEW] “It's f****g @CharlieSimpson how do these judges not know! #Rhino #MaskedSingerUK,” @Ellieboo91 exclaimed. Itsrxchellouise tweeted: “Its Charlie Simpson, song clue is for his EP When We Were Lions…hence ‘The Lion King’ #MaskedSingerUK.” (sic) Meanwhile, Katherine Ryan was unmasked as the celebrity begins Pigeon. The comedian was pregnant with her third child at the time the show was being filmed. She said: “I have a month left. I feel like I have a baby's foot in my lung at most times and it is actually harder than I thought. “But you can't tell my daughter anything because she would spill it to the whole school so she'll be finding out along with everyone else!” Katherine fooled the judges with her Essex accent and explained she can do the familiar voice because she watches “so much reality TV”. The Masked Singer continues on ITV on Saturday at 7pm.