Prince Harry is no longer one of the most popular members of the Royal Family as a recent poll by YouGov found that his popularity has plummeted to a record low after the release of his new book and memoir, Spare. According to the research, two-thirds of Britons (64 percent) have a negative view of the Duke of Sussex. Meghan Markle, on the other hand, remains the most popular royal in terms of wedding dresses as a recent study by Wealth of Geeks revealed. The research calculated global monthly Google searches for wedding dresses and concluded that the Duchess of Sussex was the "world's favourite". Meghan's gown, the custom-made Givenchy dress by designer Claire Waight Keller that she wore for her wedding to Prince Harry in 2018, has a total of 51,000 Google searches a month. A spokesperson for Wealth of Geeks commented that Meghan Markle has been "a fashion icon since she was catapulted onto the world stage when news broke of her romance with Prince Harry in 2016". READ MORE: Hairdresser's 'it' haircut for 2023 will 'highlight your eyes' "The enduring popularity of her wedding dress, despite the wedding taking place almost four years ago, is a testament to the Duchess’ effortlessly elegant and timeless style." Despite Meghan and Harry stepping down from royal duties years ago, this study "highlights her unwavering ability to keep the world's attention on her, not only through her actions but also through her iconic style," they said. Kate's go-to designer Emilia Wickstead commented on Meghan's dress after the wedding. She said: "Her dress is identical to one of our dresses. Apparently, a lot of commentators were saying 'It's an Emilia Wickstead dress'.  "If you choose a simple design the fit should be perfect. Her wedding dress was quite loose," she told the Daily Mail. According to the study, Kate, Princess of Wales has the world’s second favourite royal wedding dress, pulling in 47,000 monthly global searches. The Princess of Wales wore a stunning Alexander McQueen dress, made by Sarah Burton, to her wedding to Prince William in 2011. Princess Diana was the third most popular bride on the list with 30,000 monthly searches globally. READ MORE: Princess Kate's 'favourite' tiara was special gift for Queen Elizabeth Princess Beatrice also has one of the most popular royal dresses with a total of 8,200 Google searches a month. She borrowed her iconic gown from Queen Elizabeth, and royal and fashion expert Miranda Holder told Express.co.uk that her wedding dress was the "perfect" something borrowed. She explained: "There are so many wonderful things about Princess Beatrice’s wedding look. "The retro shape and the fact that she opted for a vintage, making it the perfect ’something borrowed’, having been loaned the Norman Hartnell piece by her grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II. The beadwork is understated but exquisite and the on-trend puff sleeves and square neckline bring the gown swiftly back to the relevant here and now."