Wednesday tells the untold tale of Wednesday Addams (played by Jenna Ortega), the eldest child of the iconic Addams Family who is now a teenager. The dark Netflix comedy-drama kept subscribers on their toes who are now looking forward to more episodes to come. Here's everything there is to know about Wednesday series two so far. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Wednesday. Season two of Wednesday was officially confirmed by Wednesday herself as a short video was released by Netflix. The video features highlights from season one with a voiceover from Wednesday stating: “Over the past few weeks, I have been hunted, haunted, and mimicked millions of times across the internet (hello, Jenna's viral dance video!). "It's been pure torture… Thank you. “More misery is coming. The global phenomenon will return for season two.” READ MORE: Carole Malone fumes Harry 'should be banned' from 'every' royal event But given the series one cliffhanger, fans were pretty sure there would be another series on the way already. In the final moments, Wednesday received a mysterious text which read: "I'm watching you". The identity of the sender is bound to be revealed in the upcoming episodes, but who could it have been and why are they following the deeply disturbed teenager? Showrunner Miles Millar has kept quiet on what series two could be about but has revealed there will be more appearances from the rest of the Addams family in the new instalments. He told TV Line: "We felt like we just touched the surface with those characters, and the actors are so amazing in those roles. "Catherine [Zeta Jones] is, I think, an iconic Morticia. "The relationship between Wednesday and Morticia is also essential to the show, and the idea that Wednesday is trying to forge her own path outside the family is important." "[We] definitely want to feature the family as we did this season in a couple of episodes if we were to get a second season." DON'T MISS...BBC News exodus sees presenters quit as merger sparks 'humiliation' [EXPLAINER]Wednesday’s Jenna Ortega praised for sweet tribute over season 2  [TRIBUTE]Wednesday season 2 confirmed by Netflix with special clip [VIDEO] There has been no word on whether there will be any new characters introduced just yet but it is likely there will be some new faces at Nevermore Academy. Viewers are also expecting to see the return of all the main cast from season one of Wednesday. This includes Wednesday star herself Jenna Ortega, Enid Sinclair as Emma Myers, Hynes White as Xavier Thorpe, Joy Sunday as Bianca Barclay, Catherine Zeta-Jones as Morticia Addams and Luis Guzman as Gomez Addams. Sadly, it could be quite some time until subscribers see any more adventures from Wednesday. As of yet, it is unknown exactly when the second series of Wednesday will be out on Netflix. Since series one only came out earlier this month, it is far too early to tell. But many are predicting new episodes will be out in either late 2023 or early 2024. Wednesday is available to watch on Netflix.