Fall Out Boy have had a busy week. They just released the first details about their next album on top of releasing their latest single, Love From The Other Side, but it has been capped off with some bad news for the group. Guitarist Joe Trohman released a statement explaining that he will be "stepping away" from the band. Trohman is one of the founding members of Fall Out Boy, alongside Patrick Stump and Pete Wentz. The musician wrote in a text post on the band's Twitter account: "Neil Young once howled that it's better to burn out than to fade away. But I can tell you unequivocally that burning out is dreadful." He revealed that it was his mental health that ultimately led to this shocking decision. He wrote: "Without divulging all the details, I must disclose that my mental health has rapidly deteriorated over the past several years. So, to avoid fading away and never returning, I will be taking a break from work which regrettably includes stepping away from Fall Out Boy for a spell." Trohman said it "pained" him to make the decision, especially as Fall Out Boy are just about to release their new album, So Much (For) Stardust, on March 24, 2023. However, he went on to assure his fans that one thing is for certain: "So, the question remains: Will I return to the fold? Absolutely, one-hundred percent." (sic) With that, he added: "In the meantime, I must recover which means putting myself and my mental health first. Thank you to everyone, including my bandmates and family, for understanding and respecting this difficult, but necessary, decision. Smell you sooner than later, Joe Trohman." DON'T MISS...Paul McCartney had fears over song which 'referenced Beatles break-up' [NEWS]The Beatles branded 'bl**dy rubbish idiots' by British singer [INFO]John Lennon lashed out at Rod Stewart after he 'used Beatles song' [INSIGHT] The 38-year-old's statement followed the band's string of announcements, and a live performance of their new track on Jimmy Kimmel Live on Wednesday night. This record will be the first on their new label, Fueled by Ramen and Elektra. Fall Out Boy's frontman, Stump, also spoke about why the band will be returning to "their roots" for the new album. He said in a statement: "Technology has made it really easy to make records much more quickly these days. There's nothing wrong with that, and that spontaneity can be exciting. But we wanted to get back to the way we used to work. We wanted to make a record that was really lovingly crafted and deliberate and patiently guided — like someone cooked you a delicate meal. I'm not a very proud guy, but I'm pretty proud of this record." (sic) Wentz added: "Our band has been an ongoing art project for twenty years and we know there have been many inception points along that journey. We wanted to create an album that merged those points together — something new, but carved from our foundation. Fueled By Ramen and Elektra seemed like the perfect home for this." So Much (For) Stardust will be Fall Out Boy's seventh album, the first since 2018's Mania. The record earned mixed reviews and many three-star rankings. It peaked at number one in the UK Rock and Metal Albums charts, as well as the US Billboard 200 list. SOURCE