Tottenham forward Richarlison has been a big miss for manager Antonio Conte over the past few weeks and Sunday's north London derby was the first time he has been in the squad since the World Cup. The Brazilian tried his best to affect the game even from the touchline, making a nuisance of himself and scrapping with Arsenal stars, before the Gunners rubber-stamped their 2-0 victory. Richarlison's fiery temperament has made him a hit with supporters throughout his career. Although he is yet to get off the mark for Spurs in the Premier League, his £60million summer move has generally gone down well with fans and he epitomised the derby spirit against the Gunners. The 25-year-old was chomping at the bit to get on during the second half, by which time Hugo Lloris had already fumbled into his own net and Martin Odegaard had expertly doubled the visitors' advantage, and he made his presence felt even while warming up. Having been sent out along with Yves Bissouma and Ivan Perisic, Richarlison first sprung into action when Arsenal's Thomas Partey trotted over to take a fairly innocuous throw-in. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Potter clearly needs Mudryk despite Crystal Palace win With Spurs on the back foot and two goals down, Conte will have been keen for his side to get nasty and Richarlison stared Partey down, refusing to get out of his way and butting shoulders with him while the Ghanaian attempted to take his run-up. The former Everton and Watford fan-favourite could also be seen pushing and shoving with Takehiro Tomiyasu minutes later, who had been sent to warm up by Mikel Arteta. Furthermore, while referee Craig Pawson wasn't the most popular man inside the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, Richarlison joined in with supporters in giving him an earful when decisions didn't go Spurs' way. DON'T MISS...Mudryk hails two things about Chelsea in first comment since joiningArsenal 'irritated behind the scenes' after Mudryk seals Chelsea moveMykhaylo Mudryk announced by Chelsea vs Crystal Palace Richarlison was eventually introduced with 20 minutes of the match remaining but he couldn't change the hosts' fortunes as Spurs lacked bite in attack from start to finish. Despite his prolific record in the north London derby, Harry Kane failed to make his usual impact while Heung-min Son and Dejan Kulusevski fell short of expectations. Shortly after jogging out onto the pitch, Richarlison was soon in a scuffle with Arsenal defender Ben White and he was right in amongst the action during a tussle between both sides after the final whistle. One positive for Spurs fans to take is that the Brazilian evidently has the fire in his belly to hit the ground running over the coming weeks. 