As the New Year begins, many people will be looking for ways they can make some extra cash to save or put towards rising bills. According to a study from Fiverr, with people more satisfied working from home, it is opening up opportunities for them to add new revenue streams to their income - so what are the common ones? Britons can rent out their car for passive income. If someone has a vehicle they don’t need to use daily, they can rent it out to earn some extra cash with apps such as Turo, Hiyacar, Karshare and Getaround. These apps are making it easier to hire a car for a fee. According to Which.co.uk, some owners are said to earn an extra £400 a month. John Peate rents his Range Rover Evoque using the platform Karshare. READ MORE: British Gas issues 'update' for customers ahead of energy price cap announcement Meredith, 45 was able to make an extra £300 each month as a story critique. She told Express.co.uk: “I needed something that would fit in my schedule and not require childcare. “I was hesitant at first as I don't have any official writing or editing credentials to my name, but when I looked at who was offering similar services on Fiverr I realised that I had more than enough skill and experience to be able to offer a good service to people. “On average I’m making like £300 a month.” READ MORE:  Britons with old prepayment meters at 'significant risk' - how to redeem £400 voucher Other task apps include: Delivery driving is another option. If people drive, they can earn money by delivering food. If someone wants to work as a delivery driver, they could make some extra income by working with brands such as UberEats and Deliveroo. Both apps deliver local restaurant food to homes and businesses, in various towns and cities throughout the UK. Drivers are self-employed and can work when they want. Deliveroo explains that people could receive fees of up to £16 per hour, depending on where they work. Lastly, people can consider user testing. User testing is a process where companies test out new products or features with a group of target users before releasing them to the general public. As a user tester, people will be given tasks to complete using the product or feature, and they’ll provide feedback on their experience. User testing is a great way to earn some extra money, and it’s also a great way to learn about new products and technologies, which makes for a great side hustle. UserTesting.com customer Melanie Akinrode said: “On average for every hour you can get paid $30 (around £22) but it depends what tests you get picked for. It ranges from about $10 - $60(around £7 to £44)." Melanie used her weekends to do this and usually the day doing different tests. She was able to make £500 in a month.