The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been advised by a relationship expert to recognise the Royal Family's hesitancy in letting them back into the royal circle following their recent revelations about life in the Firm. In order for Prince Harry and his family to repair fractured relationships, they must accept the idea that the other party feels wronged, according to the relationship expert. The first step to mending a "broken family" is to acknowledge each other's struggles, relationship expert Valon Asani said. "The other party may be more hesitant than you are to jump straight back into the way the relationship used to be and acknowledging and respecting that is crucial to solving any and all problems". The hesitancy of the Royal Family is likely to come from Harry's recent revelations about members of the Firm including detailing a physical altercation between himself and his brother, Prince William, and claiming Palace workers leak stories to the press. He said Prince Harry has been "incredibly open" about the many struggles he has faced in his past, including active problems such as the "lack of contact and accountability" that he feels the Royal Family are responsible for. The relationship expert added: "The Royal Family, despite being extensive, are a very tight-knit family, therefore, they may be hesitant to let Prince Harry and Meghan back into their circle after this fallout, which is something Prince Harry and Meghan must recognise. READ MORE: Queen Letizia wears 'impeccable' look - and looks 'perfect' "If the couple can recognise this hesitancy, they can more effectively communicate and build the relationship back up at a pace that suits everyone". The first step to mending a "broken family" is to acknowledge each other's struggles, Mr Asani said.  However, Prince Harry has been reluctant to say whether he will attend his father, King Charles III's, coronation, which Mr Asani said would be the "perfect" occasion to reconcile. In a recent interview with the Daily Telegraph, Prince Harry asked the Royal Family to apologise to his wife, Meghan Markle, addressing them directly, he said: "You know what you did, and I now know why you did it. And you've been caught out, so just come clean."