  Former I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! star Rebekah Vardy, 40, has reassured her 401,000 Instagram followers that no one was harmed after a fire broke out at their family home. The star, who is the wife of professional footballer Jamie Vardy, 36, also shared a sweet snap of her kids sitting safely aboard a fire engine.      Firefighters were called out to Jamie and Rebekah’s grand family home yesterday, after reports of a fire breaking out. As it turns out, the blaze had started in an outbuilding and thankfully no one was harmed. Rebekah went on to thank the fire services, who in turn allowed her children to sit atop one of their fire engines. Tonight, she shared the sweet snap of her two smiling kids sitting in the massive truck, both wrapped up warm for the winter in cute bobble hats, ear muffs and warm coats. READ MORE: BBC Radio 2's Scott Mills reacts to Ken Bruce 'replacement' backlash     "Every cloud and all that. Thankfully no one was hurt," the WAG wrote alongside the photo. "Buildings and contents are replaceable and the kiddies enjoyed the fire engines. “Thank you for being so brilliant,” she added gratefully, tagging Lincolnshire Fire and Rescue. It is thought that the fire originated from the Leicester City striker's outdoor gym at their plush Lincolnshire home on Thursday afternoon.     It is also believed that the blaze was put out by the fire service, but that major damage was sustained. A statement from the local fire service told LincolnshireLive: "Firefighters were called to reports of an outbuilding on fire at premises in Water Lane, Stainby at 3.20pm on January 19. "The fire resulted in severe damage to 90 percent of a wooden outbuilding being used as a gym and the equipment." As well as the sweet photo of her children, Rebekah also shared a snap of the fire truck parked outside her house. READ MORE... Piers Morgan mocks Omid Scobie as Harry calls Meghan claim 'nonsense' [NEWS] Prince Harry exposing texts slammed by US star as 'Housewives' move [UPDATE] Jennifer Aniston ‘concerned’ over Brad Pitt’s new romance [LATEST INSIGHT]      “A massive thank you to Lincolnshire Fire and Rescue,” she reiterated again on her Instagram story. “You guys are absolutely incredible.” Sam of Rebekah’s followers and celebrity pals took to the comments section to send their well wishes after the terrifying incident. “Oh gosh!! Hope you’re all ok xx,” X Factor winner Sam Bailey penned. While another fan named Julie wrote: “So glad all is ok. Family is everything.” (sic)     “Glad no one was hurt - well done firefighters,” Char commented. While Steph wrote: “Hope you’re all ok! Sounds a scary experience. Sending love.” (sic) Last July, Rebekah lost her libel case against fellow WAG Coleen Rooney, who is wife to former England football player Wayne Rooney. The star was said to be “devastated” by the loss as she faces a bill for millions of pounds in legal costs following the highly-publicised “Wagatha Christie” trial.   