She tweeted: "Good luck to David Ames, Paul Revington and the whole @EnglandHockey team as the Men’s World Cup gets underway. "My husband and I so enjoyed spending time with you at the Commonwealth Games and know you will do everyone proud in India. I’ll be cheering you on from home! - Sophie." She made her first public statement in response to the England Hockey's team announcement that they will be facing the Wales team in their first match at the Men’s World Cup held in India this year. However, she fell short of tackling the damaging allegations made by the Duke of Sussex in his memoir, as he is on a media blitz to promote his book. Prince William and Princess Kate also ignored questions about Harry's memoir during their royal engagement in Liverpool. As they arrived at the new Royal Liverpool University Hospital, one reporter shouted: "Do you ever plan to comment on Harry’s book sir?" but got no response. Instead, William and Kate, who was dressed in a Holland and Cooper tartan coat, thanked healthcare workers for their hard work during the winter months amid the NHS backlog crisis. As their toured the new hospital, they made headlines for breaking the royal protocol as they took a selfie with healthcare assistant Anna O'Hara - a practice that has reportedly been banned. READ MORE: Sophie ignores Harry's book in first personal message since claims In the hours following Harry's book, royal commentators and experts have warned the Duke he might have crossed a red line by revealing private conversations and disrespecting the Institution. Catherine Mayer, the royal analyst and biographer of King Charles, said the implications of such a move will be "absolutely catastrophic". She told The Guardian: "It is possibly something that will mark the beginning of the end of the monarchy, and that is what we should discuss. It is important, given the lack of trust in the state at the moment and an upsurge in rightwing politics. "Members of the royal family have become our proxies for anger about racism, misogyny and wealth. This is, after all, an institution that stands for inequality, so there are huge things at stake." Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk that Prince Harry has broken bonds of trust with William, King Charles and Queen Camilla, making any comeback to the Royal Family "impossible". DON'T MISS:Inside Harry and William's 'long walk' after tense Sandringham Summit [REPORT]Sarah Ferguson promotes book in interview just days after Harry blitz [REPORT]Harry should try being his dad, says JONATHAN SACERDOTI [COMMENT] The Duke himself admitted he "doesn't think it's ever going to be possible" for him and Meghan to ever move back to the UK or become full-time working members of the Royal Family. However, he did not discard the option of promoting the Commonwealth, telling Good Morning America: "If there was something in the future where we can continue to support the Commonwealth then that is of course on the table." Buckingham Palace has declined to comment on Prince Harry's allegations. It remains unclear whether the Sussexes will be invited to King Charles' coronation in May. READ NEXT:Air New Zealand brutally mocks Harry and MeghanKate Middleton claims ‘therapy doesn't work for all' Prince Harry slammed as example of 'hypocritical privilege'Anti-monarchist left 'very cold' as Harry refuses to give up titleHarry’s 'war’ on royals sees Brits rally around Firm, PR guru claims