Natalia Masterman, 28, from Washington, US used to be “bodyshamed” by people online about her appearance. After having an “epiphany” she decided to “go to the gym, eat better and do better”. As a result, she lost a six-and-a-half stone in a year and now helps others transform their lives and bodies as a personal trainer. On her YouTube channel, Natalia shared a video titled Dramatic Weight Loss Changed My Life, and in the 22 minutes, she spoke about her “struggles” with weight and how and why she slimmed down. Natalia began: “For as long as I could remember, I struggled with eating which led to gradual weight gain throughout most of my life. “Ever since the age of nine or 10, I remember thinking about dieting, which is insane in hindsight. “In 2019, I reached the highest weight in my life and also the lowest point mentally.” READ MORE: Woman loses huge 8 stone in months and 'never goes hungry' Natalia revealed how inconsistent her diet was, having previously been vegetarian in a bid to lose weight, but she found herself indulging on pizzas, takeaways, as well as various processed snacks, such as crisps, cookies and sweets - and claims she was often eating up to 6,000 calories in one sitting. She said the lightbulb moment occurred in July 2019 when she was away for a weekend in a cabin and was sitting “by a river”. “On the last day I was sitting alone and had a bit of an epiphany,” she explained. “I remember telling myself when you come home everything is going to change, you're going to go to the gym, you’re going to eat better, you’re going to do better and this time, you’re never going to look back and I never did. “Three years later I’m down over 90lbs, I’m a full-time personal trainer and I live a really beautiful life. That one decision changed everything for the better.” DON'T MISS...Woman admits she doesn’t wash her pyjamas after every wear [VIDEO]Keep onions edible for 6 months with clever storage solution [GUIDE]‘Most unflattering’ lipstick colours women over 40 should avoid [COMMENT] As for what exercise and diet plan Natalia followed to lose so much weight in 12 months, she varies her diet based on her fitness goals, regularly eating porridge for breakfast, chicken and rice for lunch, turkey burgers or a vegetable omelette for dinner. She also snacks on protein bars or a spoonful of cookie dough to satisfy sweet cravings. Natalia goes through “cutting and bulking phases often” as she aims to progress with her weightlifting. In terms of exercise, she previously recalls not being consistent, but started with six months of steady-state cardio for up to an hour per day, to get her fitness levels up. READ MORE: Eating five nuts a day could enhance 'fat-burning' effects of exercise Now she lifts weights five days a week, with a mix of cardio up to four days a week. In a TikTok video, she addressed a “common question”. Natalia said: “A common question I get is whether people treat me differently since losing weight. People are kinder to me. “I will never forget how horrible, rude and cruel people were back in the day [when she was larger]. Being on the other side of weight loss is very interesting. “I’m going to play devil's advocate though, and say that yes, people are nicer to me, and I’m not going to say my weight loss hasn’t been a contributing factor, but I will say, I present myself a lot differently than I used to. “I used to be very shy, I used to be closed off and cold, and that energy really shows to people, so in hindsight, why would people go out of their way to talk to me? Why would people be kind to me when I wasn’t really being kind to them? “But when I started shifting my own energy, that’s when things started to change.” Natalia regularly reminds her followers, that anyone going through “dramatic weight loss” should work on their mental health because “it’s just as important as working on your body”.