One Direction went on hiatus back in 2015 following the abrupt exit of Zayn Malik. The young star confessed he wanted to live a "normal" life, before dropping out of the band's world tour. A year later, in 2016, the band officially announced they had split up, and since then, fans have been calling for their reunion. Well, finally, 2023 could be Directioners' year. The latest odds from Ladbrokes suggest that a One Direction reunion is not only likely but that it will happen later this year. The bookies have given the band a staggering 1/2 on getting back together in 2023. Seven years after the band split up, their odds are better than ever on a reunion - but there are a lot of questions still being asked. For instance, will Zayn be joining the reunion? The star recently announced he is working on his fourth album, so he may be a little busy for a while. What's more, he previously condemned 1D's music after he quit the band. Zayn told Fader: "That’s not music that I would listen to. Would you listen to One Direction, sat at a party with your girl? I wouldn’t." To make matters even more complex, Ladbrokes also released some odds on One Direction grabbing a slot at this year's Glastonbury Festival. The full line-up of the historic event has not yet been announced, but thus far, rumours have hit the internet that 1D could be making some sort of return for the band. Ladbrokes recently gave One Direction 11/10 odds on claiming a Glastonbury 2023 slot. However, Niall Horan previously noted how Glastonbury may never be on the cards for the group. In 2015 Horan said 1D would "never" play Glastonbury. He added: "We're not cool enough to play at Glastonbury." Despite this, Ladbrokes' Alex Apati said: "Odds of a mega boyband reunion are only heading in one direction, and with Glastonbury slots up for grabs, we wouldn’t be surprised to see Harry Styles and co make a comeback this year." These promising odds follow Louis Tomlinson's hope-filled comments about wanting to get back with his bandmates. Tomlinson recently confessed: "It would be a real shame if we didn’t get back together. [Right now] everyone is pretty busy with what they do at the moment, but I’m sure one day [we’ll get back together]. I’ll be surprised if we don’t." He added that the band are all still "really close". He went on: "The bond that we shared growing up through such a crazy amazing experience but chaotic at times… That’s a bond for life." SOURCE