The new series of The Masked Singer kicked off on Sunday night as viewers put their detective skills to the test. With a new line-up of bizarre and unique characters taking to the stage to try and take home the crown, fans think they’ve already worked out who is behind otter. Before singing I'll Be There to Rita Ora, Mo Gilligan, Davina McCall and Jonathan Ross, Otter gave people a chance to guess who they were in their videotape. Filmed in a water park, people saw a sign that spelled out RADA which is a well-known drama school, suggesting they could be an actor or actress. The character also commented they were known for their serious roles before adding: “Children, some say, should be seen and not heard, but of this Otter, the opposite is the word.” After hearing the clues given, it wasn’t long before people watching pointed out that the celebrity behind Otter could be Emma Thompson, who stars as Miss Trunchbull in Matilda the Musical. READ MORE:Dick Strawbridge admits he tried 'ending' relationship with Angel   Jennyoleary90 said: “Bare with me… Otter on @MaskedSingerUK is #emmathompson there’s been two Matilda references [sic] #TheMaskedSinger #MaskedSingerUK” Miagoddardx added: "I still have no clue who it is but am I the only one who picked up on the two Matilda references in Otter’s clues? #TheMaskedSinger" Fosslady85 gave her guesses on Twitter saying: “Knitting- Sara Davis Jellyfish- Michelle Keegan, Otter - Emma Thompson, Ghost - John Bishop, Cat and Mouse - Emma Bunton and Husband, Phoenix - Ian Smith (Harold Bishop)” AliceBrown1409 added: “I think Otter is Emma Thompson! #MaskedSingerUK #TheMaskedSinger.” GoodallBethany commented: “#MaskedSinger predictions: Phoenix- Matt Smith, Otter- Emma Thompson.”   Tatoemonkey added: “#maskedsinger @GaryBarlow Ghost hiding his voice, Emma Thompson - Otter.” Other clues given for the animal included a four-leaf clover, which could imply they’re Irish, known for their resilience and that they were a little bit naughty. "a little bit naughty" feature in one of the tracks from Matilda The Musical. When it was time for the judges to reveal their guesses, Mo thought the voice could belong to actress Phoebe Waller-Bridge with Davina suggesting Fiona Shaw. Rita thought it could potentially be Saturday's singer Una Healy, whereas Jonathan revealed he thought it was Pauline McLynn. DON'T MISS... The Masked Singer viewers ‘work out’ cat and mouse as married duo [REACTION] Bridgerton season 3 filming ‘postponed’ after 'dark' storyline axed [NETFLIX] All you need to know about Call the Midwife season 12 episode count [INSIGHT]    Luckily for the otter, the members of the live audience decided to save them along with Phoenix and Jellyfish. This meant that it was Cat and Mouse, Knitting and Ghost who landed in the bottom and had to rely on the judges to save them. In the end, it was decided that Ghost would be the first person leaving the competition before they revealed their identity to the crowds. After the infamous “take it off” chant, it was Chris Kamara who was hiding behind the ghost costume all along.   Speaking to host Joel Dommett, Chris admitted that his grandchildren were big fans of the show before adding they didn’t know he was competing. Chris managed to fool all of the stars on the panel as guesses for his character included names such as John Bishop, Alex George and Ian Sterling. Next week the remaining six celebrities will take their turn on stage with Fawn, Jacket Potato, Pigeon, Rhino and Rubbish making their debut. The Masked Singer continues Sundays on ITV from 6:30pm. 