Leeds are ‘convinced’ that they are leading the race to sign Juventus star Weston McKennie, with Arsenal and Tottenham also interested in acquiring his services. The player has reportedly already agreed to make the move to Elland Road this month to work beneath fellow American Jesse Marsch. Leeds are currently 15th in the Premier League and just a point above the relegation zone. Marsch’s side have lacked quality all over the park and recurring injury problems are causing issues. The Whites have welcomed Georginio Rutter and Maximilian Wober so far this month, though their lack of depth in midfield remains an issue. McKennie has been identified as a solid option to provide quality in the strength in the centre of the park, with Juve’s financial woes providing Leeds with confidence in negotiations. According to Sky Sports journalist Luca Cilli, they have tabled a £24.5million bid for the midfielder and are not willing to up their bid any further despite Juventus’ asking price of £30.7m. Leeds are confident that they will be able to strike a deal for McKennie because they are ‘convinced’ that they do not have strong competition to sign the 24-year-old. Arsenal and Spurs have both been linked with the USA international but appear to be prioritising other players – perhaps aware that McKennie is keen on the move to Leeds. It remains to be seen whether a deal is struck for the former Schalke star and if the Whites are willing to improve their bid as deadline day edges closer. Leeds will also be hoping to retain the services of their key players in what remains of the window, with several stars linked with exits. Winger Jack Harrison was heavily linked with a move to Newcastle over the summer and they continue to keep tabs on the forward. Speaking about the reports linking the 26-year-old with a move away from the club, Marsch said: “I’ve heard, I haven’t read anything, but heard from different people that there’s things about Jack out there. “I will say that his commitment to being here has been amazing. He’s in incredible form and I think he’s played well in every match since he got back from his injury and he’s an important guy for us. I haven’t even discussed it with Jack, because for me it’s really clear. He is an important player for us and he’s on track and we need him. He’ll be ready for Saturday as well.”