Erik ten Hag has a crucial decision to make when Manchester United face Arsenal in a blockbuster Premier League clash this afternoon. The Red Devils made the journey down to north London yesterday, but Casemiro wasn't present as he serves an ill-timed one-game suspension. His absence makes a trip to the league leaders all the more daunting, but Ten Hag will have a game plan ready to derail the Gunners' title bid. Express Sport runs through how United could line up at the Emirates Stadium with their heart and soul in midfield. David de Gea deserved a clean sheet for a couple of wonderful saves last time out at Crystal Palace. Michael Olise will never hit as sweet a free-kick again. But the Spaniard will be required to be at his best again if United are to take anything from Arsenal this weekend. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Aaron Wan-Bissaka continued his inspiring Red Devils renaissance with another stellar display against Crystal Palace, including a point-saving tackle on Wilfried Zaha in the dying embers. He should start as part of an unchanged back four, with Luke Shaw given the nod over Tyrell Malacia at left-back. That's despite the Dutchman's sensational Manchester derby display, where he proved he could feature on the biggest occasions. Raphael Varane and Lisandro Martinez should start together for just the second time since the World Cup. DON'T MISS: Frank Lampard sends Everton fans relegation warning after West Ham With Casemiro out of the picture, it should be a huge afternoon for Scott McTominay in midfield. The Scotsman should start, being the only alternative of the same profile in Ten Hag's ranks, with Fred also on the pitch. Fred is expected to return to the lineup after his commendable marking job on Kevin De Bruyne last weekend. Martin Odegaard is likely on his radar this time around. Christian Eriksen is used to sitting in the double pivot with Casemiro, but he should play further forward as he did in the derby. Bruno Fernandes was Ten Hag's Man of the Match against Manchester City, where he played off the right. He could resume that role at Arsenal as he looks to score in a third successive game, with Marcus Rashford on the left. Rashford wasn't at his best against Palace, but he has previous success against Ben White, and he'll be chomping at the bit to test his resolve once more. Wout Weghorst had a quiet United debut in midweek, so he'll be dreaming of making his mark in a game of this magnitude. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here