Chelsea winger Raheem Sterling had a nightmare reunion with Manchester City on Thursday evening as he trudged off injured moments into the match. To make matters worse, fellow wide man Christian Pulisic was also forced to withdraw inside the first 20 minutes at Stamford Bridge after a heavy tackle from John Stones. Sterling will naturally have wanted to make an impression against his former employers but the Blues were dealt a fresh injury concern when he grimaced before coming off the pitch. The England international made no bones about his desire for regular minutes when he ditched City for Chelsea in a bumper £50million move last summer. Although yet to hit the heights in a slightly darker shade of blue that many thought he would, Sterling wanted to put that right on Thursday. However, the match barely had time to get started before the 28-year-old slumped to the turf with just two minutes on the clock. A concerning gesture to the physio when he tried to stretch out the winger's hamstring will come as a worry for Chelsea supporters, who were dealt a separate injury blow pre-kick-off with Mason Mount. JUST IN: Everton have four stars who may be in trouble if Lampard gets sacked Having been deemed unable to continue, Sterling was brought off and replaced by Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Things only got worse for Graham Potter just a few minutes later when a distraight Pulisic was also withdrawn and replaced by Carney Chukwuemeka. The USA international had taken a hit via a hefty tackle from Stones moments before he was substituted and appeared in some discomfort when coming off. The Blues then pressed ahead with an entirely different front line to the one Potter had planned but gave as good as they got in the first half. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  Many were surprised to learn of Chelsea's interest in Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk - who could set them back a whopping £88m - given the wealth of wide options at Potter's disposal. However, the wave of attacking injuries suffered over the past 24 hours could make it an entirely necessary signing. Shakhtar officials are currently in London to hold talks over a deal for Mudryk and they will have witnessed Chelsea's injury nightmare first hand while watching on from the stands at Stamford Bridge. Arsenal are also in the hunt for the Ukrainian, who has already admitted that he would not be able to turn down an opportunity to sign for the Gunners.  "I think every guy dreams about the Premier League," he told CBS Sports last year. "Arsenal is a very good team, very good coach. I like the way they play. Now, I’m at Shakhtar and I want to play in this team. "I love this team. I love every guy in this team. Shakhtar is now my home but for me it’s very important that all my thoughts are only about Shakhtar. But in the winter we will see."