Ex-Manchester United star Louis Saha believes that his former side are ‘guaranteed’ to win the Premier League next season if they sign Harry Kane over the summer. The striker is yet to pen a new deal at Tottenham despite speculation that he is willing to extend his stay in north London. United are certain to be in the market for a striker at the end of the season, with the arrival of Wout Weghorst on loan from Burnley only a quick fix for their No 9 woes. The Red Devils are expected to complete a takeover before the summer, and that could provide Erik ten Hag with newfound funds to spend. Napoli star Victor Osimhen and RB Salzburg’s Benjamin Sesko have both been linked with a move to Old Trafford, though Kane has also emerged as a target at United. The striker has scored 16 goals in 21 league appearances for Spurs this season, which is made all the more impressive given that Antonio Conte’s side have struggled of late. Reports have circulated that Kane would be willing to extend his contract with Tottenham this summer, though Saha feels that United should do everything in their power to turn his head. He told the Betfred blog: “If Harry Kane goes to Manchester United, then I can guarantee that he’s going to win the Premier League. “You can’t ask for much more as he knows the Premier League and he’s scored so many goals for Tottenham and the national team. “With Manchester United’s current set-up and their approach to games tactically, then having a forward that can come into that team and score you 25 goals a season will be the last piece of the puzzle. You need somebody who can do the big job and the big job is to score 25 to 30 goals.” Tottenham are currently fifth in the Premier League and will need to improve upon their recent performances if they are to return to the top four. Fears are growing at Spurs that Conte could walk away from the club at the end of the season and failing to qualify for the Champions League would possibly prove to be an issue for the former Chelsea boss. If a managerial shake-up is required, it could prompt Kane to consider offers from elsewhere knowing that a fresh face in the dugout will lead to a period of transition at the club, potentially extending his trophy draught even longer.