Agent Lucy Tara (played by Yasmine Al-Bustami) played a major part in NCIS Hawaii's initial success with its first season last year. Her romance with FBI Agent Kate Whistler (Tori Anderson) tugged on the heartstrings of CBS viewers with hopes they will finally get together. While fans' wishes did come true, their onscreen time together soon took a back seat. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Hawaii.When NCIS Hawaii returned for series two, it was thought the season would be filled with cute moments of Lucy and Kate together but sadly, that hasn't been the case. In episode seven, Vanishing Act, Lucy tells her girlfriend she has accepted a job as a Special Agent Afloat which would take her away for four months. She applied for the position when they broke up the previous year and Kate insisted Lucy still go and enjoy the change of scenery. Lucy did make an appearance in the crossover special which aired earlier this month but apart from that, there has been no update on how she has been. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss Agent Lucy Tara said her goodbye in November 2022 and has only been featured in one other episode since her departure. Thankfully, the wait for her to return to NCIS Hawaii is almost over as actress Al-Bustami will be back for episode 13, which airs on Monday, February 6. The instalment, entitled Misplaced Targets, will give viewers an insight into what her life has been like as a Special Agent Afloat. She will get her first big case onboard the aircraft carrier but how will she cope without the rest of her team? Executive producer Christopher Silber did previously confirm Al-Bustami's return to NCIS Hawaii when he was questioned by a fan. Speaking to TV Line, Silber responded: "Yes. WHEN Lucy is back there will be a good deal of action for her. We can't wait." Details of the "action" she will be involved in haven't been revealed but could have to do with her investigation as an Agent Afloat. The 29-year-old actress has been missing from the police procedural to pursue other projects. DON'T MISS...Radio 2's Zoe Ball replaced by Vernon Kay after issuing urgent health  [HEALTH]Brian Dietzen has been in NCIS for almost a decade [CAST]Yasmine Al-Bustami has opened up on feeling 'proud' of her heritage [EXPLAINER] According to her IMDb page, Al-Bustami has been working on the drama The Chosen season three where she plays Ramah. Despite working on this series, she hasn't been too far away from the rest of the NCIS Hawaii cast. Co-star Vanessa Lachey told TV Line: "She's still here and she’s still around, but we try to honor what [acting commitments Yasmine] has back on the mainland and maximise the time when she is here. "She’s here right now, and we just wrapped two massive water days where all of us were getting soaking wet." Lucy won't be the only focus in Misplaced Targets though, going by the episode description. It seems the latest investigation will see Kai Holman's (Alex Tarrant) life in danger. The synopsis reads: "Following a close call at a meth lab explosion, the NCIS team learns Kai is being targeted by his old friend-turned-criminal and must take him down." NCIS Hawaii season 2 continues every Monday on CBS in the USA.