Nick Freeman, who is also known as “Mr Loophole”, is urging motorists to brush up on their driving laws as the new year gets underway. The lawyer, who earned his nickname after securing acquittals for celebrity clients charged with motoring offences, said he hoped drivers would drop their bad habits in 2023. One of the key rules Mr Freeman was keen to highlight was the need to stick to the speed limits and not get carried away with laws which may have been scrapped. Mr Freeman, whose clients include Jeremy Clarkson, David Beckham and Frank Lampard, reminded road users of the important driving laws. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “Stick to the speed limit and don’t rely on the latitude of the 10 percent plus one rule, which used to be 10 plus two. “[It means] that you won’t get a ticket unless you are going 10 percent plus one mph faster than the limit. READ MORE: POLL – Should 20mph be the default speed on UK roads? “This is only a guideline originating from the Association of Chief of Police Officers.” Last year, the Metropolitan Police dropped their speed limit tolerance threshold by one mile per hour. As a result of the law change, the number of fines given to speeding motorists has spiked by a reported 259 percent. Drivers will now face prosecution if they break the limit by 10 percent plus two mph. The tolerance limit was previously 10 percent plus three mph, according to the RAC. DON'T MISSSpeed limits may be slashed as 'the whole UK will inevitably be 20mph' [WARNING]Common money-saving car insurance myths busted [INSIGHT]Electric car charging can be more expensive than petrol and diesel [SHOCKING] The Metropolitan Police had not directly announced any rule changes to speed tolerance before they came into force. Because of this, it has been described by some as a “stealth” or “hidden” law change. The Met did state that no matter the threshold, all drivers should stick to the speed limits and never exceed them. An estimated 347,000 drivers were warned that they would be prosecuted for speeding in the first six months of 2022, compared to just 97,000 in the second half of 2021. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's car collection ‘reflects’ her personality Mr Freeman added: “And don’t think you’re a safer driver for going too slowly. “While there is no specific law for driving too slowly, the police can charge you with driving without reasonable consideration for other road users.” Other constabularies around the country have maintained the 10 percent plus three miles per hour rule. Overall, experts, including Nick Freeman, are warning drivers of fines and licence points they face when exceeding the speed limit. The minimum penalty for speeding is a £100 fine and three penalty points added to a driving licence. Motorists can be disqualified from driving if they build up 12 or more penalty points within a period of three years. If caught and depending on the speed, drivers will be given an option of taking a speed awareness course. For drivers who are driving within two years of passing their test, their licence will be revoked if they build up six or more penalty points. Mr Freeman also insisted on drivers dropping all of their bad habits and start 2023 with a clean slate, with indicating being one that often gets forgotten by motorists. He concluded by saying: “Indicate – even if it appears no one is around, particularly at junctions and roundabouts. Too often motorists are just lazy – they can`t be bothered to simply flick on the indicator. So if you’re, say, overtaking or changing direction, you must signal other drivers (and pedestrians) of what you intend to do. Even if you can’t see anyone else on the road."