This evening (January 29) Happy Valley season three airs its penultimate episode on BBC One at 9pm. The episode will follow Tommy Lee Royce’s (played by James Norton) escape from court and pick up the from the previous instalment’s cliffhanger after P.E. teacher Rob Hepworth (Mark Stanley) discovered his wife Joanna’s (Mollie Winnard) body in a suitcase in his garage. Police officer Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire) will be left disturbed as events unfold and she learns of Tommy’s escape with fears growing for Ryan Cawood’s (Rhys Connah) safety with his unhinged father on the loose. Thrown into the mix will be journalist Richard Cawood’s (Derek Riddell) upcoming interview with Halifax’s mafia kingpin Darius Knezevic (Alec Secareanu), which could lead to fresh danger. The BBC’s official summary for episode five reads: “Catherine races to protect her family as a murder investigation begins.” As always, there will be new guest cast members arriving in the show this week. Here’s a look at some of the newer faces appearing in the show and where you may have seen them before. READ MORE: Midsomer Murders will not be airing on ITV tonight after shakeup Surroje - Matthew Zajac Taking on the role of Surroje, who meets Tommy after his escape from court and appears to be helping him, is actor Matthew Zajac. Zajac is a veteran star whose career has spanned 30 years to date, appearing across stage and screen. He studied drama at Bristol University before appearing in TV shows, films and treading the boards as well as serving as a director and a Joint Artistic Director of Dogstar Theatre Company. Some of his previous screen credits include Valhalla Rising, One of Us on the BBC, Shetland, A Lonely Place To Die and most recently in The English. Ros Cawood - Kelly Harrison Kelly Harrison reprises her role as Res Cawood, Richard’s new wife with the couple having a fractious relationship. She is best known for her roles as Elsa Tilsey in ITV soap Coronation Street, The Level and Age Before Beauty. Some of Harrison’s other projects have included Sherwood, Father Brown, Nina and the Neurons: Get Building, the Athena and The End of the F***ing World. Gorkem Tekeli - Mete Dursun  DC Stead - Jason Merrells Jason Merrells takes on DC Stead, one of the police officers getting involved as things heat up with the Hepworths and also Tommy while he’s on the lam. Merells is no stranger to screens with parts in Casualty, Cutting It, Clocking Off, Waterloo Road, Emmerdale and Safe House. More recently, the actor appeared in Agatha Raisin, Jesus: His Life, and ITV’s Finding Alice. DC Mitchell - Paul Warriner Paul Warriner plays DC Mitchell and the actor counts credits in World’s End, The Bay, In the Flesh, The Village and Casualty. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle 'converted' Prince Harry to 'new religion of woke' [COMMENT]3 big Emmerdale spoilers as lovers reunite and blackmail rocks village [THEORIES]Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row [INSIGHT] Jane Hepworth - Judy Holt Judy Holt portrays Rob’s mother Jane Hepworth, who is going to be on the scene now Joanna is dead.  DC Betteridge - Anne Marie Draycott Actress and writer Anne Marie Draycott plays DC Betteridge after roles in In the Club, The Sitcom Trials and Coronation Street. Other cast members include Siobhan Finneran as Clare Cartwright, George Costigan as Nevison Gallagher, Karl Davies as Daniel Cawood, Vincent Franklin as Andy Shepherd, Charlie Murphy as Ann Gallagher, Con O'Neill as Neil Ackroyd and Amit Shah as Faisal Bhatti. Further cast includes Rick Warden as Mike Taylor, Jack Bandeira as Matija Jankovic, Oliver Huntingdon as Ivan Sertic, Andrew Tiernan as DC Hayes, Chord Melodic as Sledge, Sara Bahadori as Binita Bhuppal, Alec Secareanu as Darius Knezevic, Rina Mahoney as Anisha Bhatti and Caroline Harding as SIO Mary Whitaker. Happy Valley season 3 airs on BBC One on Sundays at 9pm