Self-driving cars see the passenger play no part in navigating or working the vehicle and since August last year there are none listed for use in the United Kingdom. It has been claimed in a Government report that driverless cars may worsen congestion by 85 percent. The claim by the Department of Transport comes amid thoughts of such vehicles becoming mainstream and giving those currently without a license the option to use the roads. The report assessed connected vehicles which are those that have internet access and based its findings on the potential use of these cars and autonomous ones making up half of the car fleet by 2047 alongside a “fast uptake” of electric cars. Projections for traffic in England and Wales show that delays may increase from 2025 to 2060 by 85 percent. The major rollout of self-driving vehicles in 2025 will see more traffic due to the “increasing mobility of the elderly and those who do not currently hold a driving licence”, the report stated. However, it added that “the ability to work or relax while travelling in a self-driving car” means passengers will be “more amenable to sitting in traffic”. While this may be the case, Inrix found that motorists lost an average of 80 hours in 2022 due to heavy traffic and congestion, an increase of seven hours from 2021. London was labelled the world’s most congested city last year, as drivers spent an average of 156 hours in standstill traffic. The vision for autonomous cars has seen the Government spend £100million on securing the rollout for two years’ time. READ MORE: Electric car owners warned to stop charging their EV at 80 percent The changes will see more people able to be more mobile and it is hoped that there will be a significant reduction in collisions. The report states: “Self-driving vehicles could revolutionise public transport and passenger travel, especially for those who don’t drive, better connect rural communities, and reduce road collisions caused by human error. “Further in the future, they could, for example, provide tailored on-demand links from rural towns and villages to existing public transport options nearby. “They could also provide more direct and timely services that enable people to better access vital services such as schools and medical appointments.” DON'T MISS:Ex-Wagner unit commander dodged shots while fleeing from Russia (INSIGHT)Bone-chilling freeze hits UK with first snowfall now hammering down (REVEAL)Ex-Trump aides hatch plan to stop 45th POTUS' White House return (COMMENT) With over five million licence holders over the age of 70 in the UK, there is a huge demand for independent mobility. RAC Foundation director Steve Gooding said: “In the foreseeable future, automated vehicles offer the tantalising prospect of independence for the many millions more people who fall into the older age group but for whatever reason – cost, medical impairment – don’t currently drive.” He noted that the way driver-less cars are deployed will make a difference to congestion and pressures on parking. Mr Gooding noted that if the public are ready to access such vehicles on demand but without personal ownership, “then we could have a win-win situation: quieter roads, fewer cars shared by the many and cheaper transport”.