With households struggling because of the cost of living crisis, many have turned to using air fryers as a way of cutting down on energy bills. As a result,  the appliances have been flying off the shelves, with shoppers quick to snap up the best deals.    Now, a popular Ninja air fryer dupe which its  manufacturers claim can save you up to £160 a year is finally back in stock at B&M. Eager bargain hunters have been flocking to the discount retailer for months, trying to get their hands on it, reports Manchester Evening News. Air fryers are much cheaper to use than a conventional oven. And the Blaupunkt Rapid 4.5-litre family-sized air fryer, which the retailer claims is the "cheapest 4.5-litre air fryer you can find on the market," is priced at under £50. Research conducted by B&M found that the Blaupunkt Rapid 4.5-litre air fryer costs 18.4p per hour to run compared to a conventional oven at 62.2p per hour. Daily usage over time will certainly mount up to a big saving, with the potential for pocketing up to £159.87 per year if you switch from using an air fryer for an hour a day compared to a conventional oven.   Air fryers are a great alternative to conventional ovens, not only because they help you create energy-efficient family meals by reducing cooking time, but also because they also help reduce the amount of fat that you consume. This makes them a healthier option for mealtimes, and means you use 99 per cent less fat while cooking. Manufacturers also point out that air fryers are also very versatile, providing a variety of cooking options including frying, grilling, roasting, and baking. With so many shoppers rushing to get themselves one of the appliances, the demand has far outweighed the supply, with the only air fryers still available to buy having a rather hefty price tag to match. The discount retailer has restocked the Ninja air fryer dupe for a huge £80 cheaper than you can buy the branded model, making it one of the best value versions still available to buy. The air fryer is easy to clean with dishwasher safe parts, with adjustable temperature control and a 30 minute timer with auto-shut off function. The air fryer is available to buy in store at B&M - you can check your nearest store online here. It certainly is one of the cheapest available right now, with Salter's 4.5L air fryer coming in at £63.99, with Tower's 4.3L device currently reduced to £56.70 on Amazon. But with slightly more capacity at a lower price, the Blaupunkt at B&M is currently the best value. 