Convicted sex trafficker Ghislaine Maxwell will speak with TalkTV host Jeremy Kyle on Monday as she lifts the lid on her friendship with members of the Royal Family, including Prince Andrew, and her former relationship with paedophile and criminal accomplice, Jeffrey Epstein. But the decision to give the interview has sparked a public backlash, with one Twitter user asking: "Why is she getting airtime?" Maxwell, 61, is currently serving a 20-year prison sentence after being found guilty last year of luring young women and girls to Epstein, who molested them. TalkTV host Jeremy Kyle interviewed her for an episode titled 'Ghislaine Behind Bars', set to air at 7pm on Monday on TalkTV. Despite being a highly anticipated interview for some, many users have taken to social media to express their outrage over the controversial appearance. Twitter user, Chloe Combi, said: "Why on earth is Ghislaine Maxwell - a serious sex trafficker - being allowed to give self-aggrandising, misleading interviews to Jeremy Kyle? It's grotesque. Like Fred West phoning into a DIY programme." YouTuber Jack David wrote: "Anybody else slightly disturbed that #GhislaineMaxwell is holding live interviews from jail whilst her clients are still yet to be investigated? "There must be some pretty powerful people in that client book". Meanwhile, another user named JK Collins: "Until names are given, this Ghislaine Maxwell interview is a total waste of time. Anything else is just media indulgence giving her a platform to claim innocence." A fourth said: "Lol sorry but the fact anyone would believe the convicted sexual predator would be telling the truth about anything is just laughable. She’s probably hoping to make some money by doing this interviews that no one even wants." READ MORE: Prince Andrew dragged into debate over Meghan after Clarkson's column Another Twitter user wrote: "Why would anyone of sound mind believe anything a convicted criminal like her has to say? And why is she getting air time on British TV? New low for Kyle, but not surprised!" Discussing the upcoming show, Jeremy Kyle said: "Ghislaine Maxwell will be speaking for the first time from inside prison. She’s the most notorious female inmate on the planet. “But since being jailed for sex trafficking, Ghislaine Maxwell has kept her silence, until now. “She lifts the lid on Epstein, Prince Andrew and even our late Queen. This is Ghislaine Maxwell behind bars and in her own words.”  Maxwell was convicted of five charges in December 2021 relating to the recruitment of victims for Epstein between 1994 and 2004 following a month-long trial. In a New York court, she was found guilty of sex trafficking of a minor, transporting a minor with the intent to engage in criminal sexual activity, conspiracy to transport minors with intent to engage in criminal sexual activity, conspiracy to commit sex trafficking of minors and conspiracy to entice minors to travel to engage in illegal sex acts. She expressed remorse to her victims, saying "I hope my conviction and harsh incarceration brings you closure". But she has since appealed her conviction and sentence, with her and her lawyers protesting her innocence. 