In a speech yesterday, Rishi Sunak laid out his five key priorities for 2023 - one of these being to tackle the economy and current cost of living crisis. Mr Sunak said: “We will half inflation this year to ease the cost of living and give people financial security. “No tricks, no ambiguity. We’re either delivering for you or we’re not. “I will only promise what I can deliver. And I will deliver what I promise.” While Mr Sunak stopped short of explaining how this would be achieved, the idea of cutting inflation is likely to be welcomed by those struggling with high prices. However, as city forecasters have already said inflation will be 5.2 percent this year, one expert has argued his statements are “nothing that hasn’t already been forecast by other people”. READ MORE: 850,000 pensioners could miss out on £900 cash boost this year Sarah Coles, senior personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, said: “Rishi Sunak’s pledge to halve inflation this year owes more to his grasp of maths than to any new clever policy change. “Unfortunately, the second part of this pledge – that it will ease the cost of living – is far less likely.” Ms Coles highlighted inflation has already been widely predicted as falling in 2023. Come April 2023, Britain will be a year on from the substantial 73 percent hike in the energy price cap. DON'T MISSRetirement age will hit 70 while wealthy can stop when they want [INSIGHT]‘D-day is coming’ - Couples divide the spoils as divorce rate rockets [ANALYSIS]Fight back against Hunt’s inheritance tax and capital gains tax raid [UPDATE] After this point, this will drop out of figures, and help to push inflation down substantially. She continued: “The Treasury regularly brings together an average of City forecasts for things like inflation. “In December they forecast that partly because of this change, inflation would fall to 5.2 percent this year.” Another factor which may also help to push down inflation are the tax hikes recently enacted by Chancellor Jeremy Hunt. READ MORE: Check state pension before deadline as it could make you thousands Ms Coles suggested handing over a larger chunk of income via council tax and income tax is likely to suck demand out of the economy. As a result, prices may drop, but with higher taxes, Britons are not likely to feel optimistic. However, it is the cost of living which continues to present itself as a problem, even if inflation is halved as Mr Sunak promises. Ms Coles added: “Unfortunately, lower inflation won’t automatically ease the squeeze, because falling inflation is very different from falling prices. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “We’ll still end the year spending 5.2 percent more on average, so unless our pay keeps pace, we’ll end up worse off overall. “Unfortunately, big pay rises aren’t widely predicted to materialise. “The Resolution Foundation forecasts wages will be lower than their current level in real terms until well into 2024.” The most recent inflation figures showed CPI inflation was 10.7 percent in November.