  Iconic singer Tony Christie, 79, who is best known for his smash hit (Is This the Way to) Amarillo, has sadly been diagnosed with dementia. The star has now spoken out for the first time about a heartbreaking incident he witnessed, as he discussed his “daunting” future following the life-changing news.      Two weeks ago, the I Did What I Did for Maria singer revealed he was living with the ­condition. The popular star spoke about how he doesn't like to "dwell" on the condition, explaining that it can become “daunting” if he doesn’t keep himself busy. He explained that, despite the tough news, he is sticking to his plans to travel to Nashville to record new music, and start touring the UK in the spring. "I'm used to working, it's daunting when I don't work, and I love the music – and that is good for what I have got, it's medication,” he said. READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau's Dick and Angel break silence on show return     "Whatever this is, it is, and we will deal with it. I was a little bit down but I thought, 'I can still work, it’s not affecting my singing, my voice, my show.' As long as I can get on that stage and do what I was born to do,” he told the Mirror. Tony went on to share the nerve-wracking moment he arrived at his specialist last week, where he noticed a disorientated lady on the steps outside who did not know where she was. Looking at what his own future might hold, he admitted the sight “threw him for a moment”. Tony is a doting husband to his beloved wife of 55 years, Sue, their three children and seven grandchildren.      Asked if he feared he would no longer remember his family, he admitted that was “the only worry” he had, but added that he “trusts” his wife completely. Sue told the publication: "He will never lose that. We won't let him lose that. I can't imagine it and I don’t think about it. I just think we will be together forever, and we will, ­whatever happens." "That's one of the things that keeps me going and stops me worrying,” Tony said, before making a quip about what might happen if he forgets his lyrics on stage. "I don’t have to sing Amarillo, the crowd sings it anyway!" he added with a smile. READ MORE... Lucy Alexander breaks silence on A Place In The Sun amid BBC exit [UPDATE] Lisa Marie Presley's daughter Riley shares heartbreaking final photo [LATEST] Carol Vorderman smoulders in slow-mo video as she highlights curves [NEWS]   During the interview, Tony noted that his first signs of dementia came when his sharp recall had gone, and he would be left struggling to remember people and places from his past. Despite his diagnosis, the star has insisted that the show must go on, as he revealed he plans to do a gig on his 80th birthday in April. Legendary musician Tony was discovered by Harvey Lisberg, who went on to be his manager. The star had three UK hits in 1971: Last Vegas (no. 21), I Did What I Did for Maria (no. 2) and (Is This the Way to) Amarillo (no. 18).      He also had a minor hit with the no.37 song Avenues and Alleyways, which went on to be used as the theme to the television series The Protectors. It wasn’t until 2002 that Amarillo broke records when it came in at no. 1 on the downloads chart, after it was used in the TV comedy series Peter Kay's Phoenix Nights. The comedian’s new take on the song led to a resurgence in its popularity, and it became the longest running chart-topper since Cher's Believe, almost seven years earlier. Dementia UK is a specialist nursing charity and offers support to anyone impacted by dementia, offering a free helpline and clinics with specialist Admiral Nurses. Tony supports their ‘I live with dementia’ campaign. Visit dementiauk.org.   