While the Bank of England Base Rate currently rests at a 33-year high of three percent, high street banks and building societies have been bumping their own interest rates to align. However, these rates have been changing month on month, making it crucial people keep an eye on the market to ensure they’re investing in the accounts offering the best returns. Rachel Springall, a finance expert at Moneyfacts, said that while inflation continues to “take its toll on savers’ cash” as not one standard savings account can beat it, savers “should not be discouraged” to switch deals if they can. She said: “Challenger banks and building societies are offering some of the best rates out there, so it is always worth considering the more unfamiliar brands.” While there are many different savings accounts on offer, from cash ISAs to fixed rate bonds, easy access accounts are one of the most straightforward to manage. These accounts typically allow savers to make payments and withdrawals with minimal restrictions and with small opening deposit requirements - and some are offering rates as high as 2.86 percent.  READ MORE: Britons can fight back against Hunt’s tax threshold freeze  Certain banks and building societies are offering higher rates than others. Moneyfacts has pulled together the top 10 available right now. Ranking top of the list is Zopa Smart Saver with an Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) of 2.86 percent and offers more flexibility to account holders. There is no minimum deposit requirement and interest can be paid away or compounded, and savers can open an account using the Zopa app. Withdrawals are permitted without any penalties and up to £85,000 can be invested. Coventry BS’ Limited Access Saver (Online) (6) places second with an AER of 2.85 percent. DON'T MISS: New Year’s Resolutions may help Britons retire earlier than planned [INSIGHT]Money-saving challenge that promises almost £7,000 in one year [EXPLAINED]Brits have £250 a month less disposable income due to cost of living [ANALYSIS]     This account can be opened with a minimum of £1 and up to £250,000 can be invested. Interest is calculated daily and paid annually on the anniversary of the date the account opened or monthly, at the end of the last day of each month. However, being a limited access account, account holders are only allowed to withdraw money up to six times a year without having to pay a charge. From the seventh withdrawal onwards (which can include closure), a charge equivalent to 50 days’ interest will be applied based on the amount being withdrawn. Ranking third is Al Rayan Bank’s Everyday Saver (Issue 3) with an AER of 2.81 percent. A minimum of £5,000 must be deposited to open this account and interest is calculated and credited to the account on the last day of every month. People can make unlimited withdrawals free of charge, and up to £1million can be invested overall. READ MORE: Britons urged to avoid 4 pension mistakes that could cost thousands  Chorley Building Society’s Easy Access Saver places fourth with an AER of 2.75 percent. The account can be opened with a minimum deposit of £500 and up to £500,000 can be invested. Interest is calculated daily and paid annually on December 31 and up to four withdrawals are permitted per calendar year without penalty. Additional withdrawals will result in a lower rate of interest equivalent to Chorley BS' Instant Access Account rate (currently one percent AER) being paid for the rest of the account year. The account year runs from January 1 to December 31. In fifth place is Cynergy Bank’s Online Easy Access Account (Issue 54), also with an AER of 2.75 percent including a bonus. The account can be opened with a minimum of £1 and interest is calculated daily on the cleared balance and paid annually on the anniversary of the initial deposit. The rate includes a 0.15 percent fixed bonus for the first 12 months. After 12 months, the interest rate reverts to 2.60 percent AER variable. Accountholders can make unlimited withdrawals without facing a penalty. Sainsbury's Bank’s Defined Access Saver (Issue 35) places sixth with an AER of 2.61 percent. A minimum deposit of £1 is required to open the account and up to £2million can be invested overall. Interest is paid at a tiered rate, which sees a 1.5 percent rate applied to savings between £1 and £999, a 2.61 percent rate applied to savings between £1,000 and £500,000, while a more modest 0.9 percent rate is applied to savings over £500,001. Up to three withdrawals are permitted per 12 month period. After the fourth withdrawal is made, interest will drop to 0.8 percent until the 12 month period ends. In seventh place is Yorkshire Building Society’s Internet Saver Plus (Issue 12) with an AER 2.6 percent. This account requires a £1 minimum deposit to open and offers a tiered interest rate on the balance. For savings between £1 and £10,000, a 2.3 percent AER is applied, while savings of over £10,000 and £50,000 will qualify for the 2.6 percent and 2.65 percent AER. Withdrawals are also permitted without penalty or notice. Buckinghamshire BS’ Triple Access Saver places eighth with an AER of 2.6 percent. This account requires a minimum deposit of £100 to open and up to £500,000 can be invested in total. Interest is calculated daily and paid annually on December 31.  However, just three withdrawals are allowed between January 1 and December 31 each year without notice or penalty, after which no further withdrawals can be made during that calendar year. The fourth withdrawal within a calendar year will result in the automatic closure of the account. Placing ninth is first direct’s Bonus Savings Account with an AER of 2.6 percent. A minimum deposit of £1 is required to open the account and interest is calculated daily and credited monthly. The 2.6 percent rate will be applied to the balance monthly, given there are no withdrawals made. On the occasion a withdrawal is made, a 0.65 percent AER will be applied that month instead. Finally, in tenth place is Harpenden BS’ Triple Access Saver places ninth with an AER of 2.6 percent. A minimum deposit of £100 is required to open the account and interest is calculated daily and applied annually on December 31. However, if more than four withdrawals are made in one calendar year, interest will drop to 1.6 percent. 