Gary Lineker has revealed that a mobile phone taped to the back of the set was behind the sexual noises played during the BBC's build-up of Liverpool vs Wolves in the FA Cup. The pre-match coverage was beset by issues as the mobile loudly played the noises throughout the first 15 minutes with those in the studio left baffled. The noises started shortly after the show began and repeatedly played throughout the build-up with studio staff unable to find out what was causing the noise. They were able to find the device once the cameras had shifted to the pitch for the match action. An old mobile phone was revealed by Lineker to be behind the disruption with the 62-year-old writing on Twitter: "Well, we found this taped to the back of the set. As sabotage goes it was quite amusing." The sexual sound clip has been regularly used on social media in the last decade, usually placed towards the end of largely mundane videos as users look to prank their friends and followers who are listening aloud and often in public places. Lineker had been joined in the studio by Paul Ince and Danny Murphy with Alan Shearer on commentary duties. All four where left confused by the noises as they tried to remain professional throughout the broadcast. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  The veteran presenter first made reference to the noise as he cut across to Shearer on the gantry as he noticeable tried to contain his laughter at the situation. He said: "I don't know who's making that noise but Alan Shearer is on the commentary gantry alongside Steve Bower. "Alan, it's toasty in this studio, it's a bit noisy as well. Somebody's sending something on someone's phone I think, is joking. I don't know whether you heard it at home." The two former England strikers then tried to get their own pranks in, looking to blame the noises on Murphy. DON'T MISSArsenal allowing player to leave hints at first January signing for ArtetaLiverpool's dazzling XI with Mbappe if Qatar complete stunning £3bn takeoverSolskjaer may have signed the next Man Utd No 7 before his sacking  First Lineker said: "Will you stop making those noises Danny?" before Shearer took the opportunity of the stadium lights briefly going off to make a light-hearted gag at Murphy's expense. The Newcastle legend joked: "Floodlights going off, Danny Murphy's phone going off in the studio, what else can happen?" It is not yet known how someone managed to get into the BBC studio to plant the device while the identity of the audacious prankster also remains a mystery. Later, an official BBC spokesperson said: "We apologise to any viewers offended during the live coverage of the football this evening. We are investigating how this happened." 