Liverpool may have to repeat the transfer move that landed them Georginio Wijnaldum in their search for his successor, after Reds icon Jamie Carragher sent the club a transfer message that they had not replaced the Netherlands midfielder. Wijnaldum moved to Anfield from Newcastle in 2016 and enjoyed five years at the club before leaving on a free transfer to Paris Saint-Germain in 2021. Liverpool have been slated for not purchasing a like-for-like replacement for Wijnaldum since he exited the club, as only Fabio Carvalho and Arthur Melo have joined as midfielders since his departure. Carragher slated Liverpool’s recruitment policy and urged them to enter the market for the next Wijnaldum, alongside a move for Borussia Dortmund star Jude Bellingham. “Jude Bellingham is a midfielder who likes to get forward, score goals and assists and it would be fantastic if Liverpool could get him but they need a Wijnaldum figure to come in in the summer,” Carragher told Sky Sports. “This midfield isn’t what you expect or what Jurgen Klopp really wants. “It’s not just about certain players and a certain age, because the younger players are more technical than high energy. I talk about Harvey Elliott and [Fabio] Carvalho, it feels like Liverpool’s midfield isn’t high-energy. There’s talk of looking to bring in Jude Bellingham, why wouldn’t you, he’s a great player but they also need another midfielder to help them defensively.” Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE A study from The Athletic suggests that Liverpool may have to look to Newcastle in order to find their Wijnaldum replacement, however, seven years after taking him from St James’ Park. After using Smarterscout data, using ball retention, linkup play and preventing the opposition’s progressive play figures, two players were found that operated at a high level with a similar style that Wijnaldum did during his Anfield spell. The two players the data suggested were Barcelona’s Pedri, and Joe Willock. The Spaniard is likely out of Liverpool’s price range if they also wish to sign Bellingham, as he has a contract with the Catalan giant until 2026, with a release clause of £1billion. Willock, however, may be more attainable despite him becoming a key player for the Magpies this season. READ MOREArsenal target Mykhaylo Mudryk's agent sets record straight on '£70m Chelsea bid'Shakhtar chief spotted yards from Todd Boehly as Chelsea and Arsenal battle intensifiesMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMW Willock has started 16 Premier League games this season as Eddie Howe’s side are currently occupying fourth place in the table, having recently pushed Joelinton into a more forward role as the ex-Arsenal midfielder’s recent form has ensured that Howe cannot drop him from the team. Willock will not come cheap to Liverpool though if they did see him as Wijnaldum’s replacement, as Newcastle bought him for £25m from Arsenal in 2021 on a six-year contract that expires in 2027. Howe has been impressed after inheriting Willock and believes there is even more to come from the midfielder, despite his impressive form so far this campaign. "I’ve been really pleased with Joe," Howe said. "He is maturing nicely and I think he has really good, raw ability. He’s very athletic, got an eye for goal, technically very good and tactically he is improving. He has been excellent for me, I have forged a good relationship with him and I really like him as a person. The big thing with Joe is I think there is a lot more in there as well, there is a lot more to come. I’m excited about his future."