Outspoken Australian star Nick Kyrgios would have enjoyed seeing the news that one of his compatriots had not been granted a wildcard to play at the upcoming Australian Open. Former Wimbledon quarter-finalist Bernard Tomic will not make an appearance at Melbourne Park this year, bringing his 15-year streak at his home Grand Slam to an end - with his anking plummeting in recent years. Currently ranked 462, Tomic was relying on a wildcard to have a chance to play at the prestigious event this year, but officials have overlooked him. And Kyrgios will have certainly seen the news after posting about who should be a wildcard back in December. He responded to a tweet from a fan last month which read: “Surely Tomic deserves a wildcard?” In capital letters, the Wimbledon finalist chuckled: “Hahahahaha NO HE DOESNT”, with the tweet since receiving over 200 likes. There seems to be no love lost between the pair after they engaged in an online verbal spat last year. JUST IN: Naomi Osaka withdraws from Australian Open as concerns grow over tennis future The duo exchanged barbs while Tomic made a proposal to the Australian Open doubles champion. "At the end of the day, talk is cheap," he told the Sydney Morning Herald.  "I'm ready to make it 2-0 whenever you want. Put your money where your mouth is. Let the public decide who is better. I'll beat you anywhere, any place. If not, shut your mouth and go back to playing doubles."  Kyrgios had slammed Tomic as ‘disrespectful’ after he was called out by his countryman.  “For someone who actually tried to stand up for him before and tried to help him out, like my family's helped him out before, I paid for his flights back home from Shanghai because he had no money. So for him to come out and attack is extremely disrespectful I think,” Kyrgios told the Courier Mail. "When he's challenging me for boxing matches - like first of all, I don't know who's going to put up $1 million for him because he's dead broke. Maybe one day, I would love to challenge him in there. I feel like I've got him on fitness.” There is a chance Kyrgios may join Tomic on the list of absentees from this year's Australian Open as he withdrew from the Adelaide International at the 11th hour due to injury. It follows the big serving Aussie also pulling out of his country's United Cup campaign last week.