The Princess of Wales has revealed that her husband Prince William is unlikely to buy her flowers on Valentine's Day as she spoke with market traders in Leeds this morning. Kate joked about her unromantic husband during a chat with florist Neil Ashcroft during her visit of the city's iconic Kirkgate Market, home to hundreds of local independent businesses and counting around 120,000 visitors a week.  Mr Ashcroft said to the royal: “No doubt William will be buying you some red roses." But Kate replied: “I don’t think he will do.” Reflecting on the encounter, the florist said he lamented failing to make a sale. “I offered her a discount. I said I would give her a card and knock off the VAT,” he added, but nothing. He did, however, enjoy talking to the Princess and said "she acted very genuine". Kate's visit to the busy market on Tuesday saw her speak to a number of traders and shoppers while a 90-second claymation film promoting her new Shaping Us campaign played on a big screen. Her plans to visit had been announced 40 minutes earlier and proved to be a pleasant surprise for many shoppers, including one who greeted her with a wolf whistle when she arrived. Another, Shirley Wainwright, 75, had just got off a bus from Harrogate and was delighted to find herself talking to a future Queen. “I didn’t know, love, you were coming. It was a complete surprise,” she told the Princess, who glad-handed her way around the market. READ MORE: Queen's friend who helped monarch 'go unrecognised' dies aged 97   Following her visit to Kirkgate market, Kate went to Leeds University to discuss her Shaping Up campaign with childcare studies students. The course focuses on a broad approach to early childhood development, which ties in with her new campaign - the next step in Kate's legacy-making world on a child's first five years. Kate's engagement at the University saw the Princess joining a lecture focused on attachment theory, looking in particular at how relationships formed in early childhood provide a template for later life and set the foundation for the baby's future wellbeing, learning and behaviour. Her new campaign Shaping Us aims to heighten awareness of the vital importance of the first five years of life and how experts can predict how happy, healthy and confident people will be as adults from studying them in those early years. Earlier on Tuesday, the future Queen released a video to official launch the campaign, where she said: "Our early childhood, the time from pregnancy to the age of five, fundamentally shapes the rest of our lives. "But as a society we currently spend much more of our time and energy on later life. "Today, the Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood is launching a new campaign, Shaping Us, to raise awareness of the life changing impact we can have when we build a supportive, nurturing world around children and those who care for them. "Because by focusing our collective time, energy and resources on those most preventative years, we can make a huge difference to the physical and mental health and happiness of generations to come." 