Novak Djokovic set up a highly-anticipated encounter with Daniil Medvedev as he dispatched Denis Shapovalov 6-3 6-4 in an hour and 55 minutes at the Adelaide International. The top seed will now face the world No 7 for the 13th time in their careers, managing to add a new chapter to their rivalry in the first tournament of the season ahead of the Australian Open.  Djokovic was taking on Shapovalov for the eighth time and went into their quarter-final with a huge advantage, holding a perfect 7-0 record against the Canadian. But he was made to work early on in the set, needing 11 minutes to hold serve in his opening game of the match as he saved two break points. The match was then suddenly disrupted with the top seed leading 2-1 in the opener as a fireworks display started in Adelaide, causing both players to wait for it to be over in an extended eight-minute changeover as the Serb could be seen pacing the court while the 23-year-old attempted to keep warm at his bench. Djokovic was forced to save another break point to lead 4-3 when play resumed but momentum suddenly shifted thanks to a series of errors from Shapovalov. The world No 18 was leading 40-30 on serve in the next game when he suddenly hit two double faults to find himself facing a break point, taken by the Serb who then served out the first set 6-3 after exactly an hour. Shapovalov’s serve continued to deteriorate as he was quickly broken in the second set to trail by a set and 1-2. JUST IN: Ash Barty announces pregnancy ahead of Australian Open tennis return  Suddenly it was Djokovic’s turn to get broken after holding game point, as the seventh seed reeled off five points in a row from 0-40 to break the world No 5’s serve for the first time in the match and level things at 3-3. The double faults crept back in as Shapovalov handed the top seed two break-back points but the Canadian managed to get himself out of trouble and hold. Shapovalov was in even more trouble during his next service game as he managed to save three more break points before Djokovic finally converted the fourth, sitting down at the change of ends with a 5-4 lead. And he managed to serve out a 6-3 6-4 victory to book a spot in the last four while the crowd cheered his name. DON'T MISSRaducanu gets response from ASB Classic after blaming court for injuryMedvedev taken aback as he meets young tennis player with more titlesIga Swiatek left in floods of tears after one-sided loss to Pegula  Djokovic will now face Daniil Medvedev in a mouthwatering semi-final clash on Saturday. It will be the 13th meeting between the pair with the 35-year-old winning their last three in a row, while the world No 7’s last victory over Djokovic came in the 2021 US Open final. Like Djokovic, the third seed in Adelaide has not yet dropped a set en-route to the semi-final and booked his spot in the last four earlier on Friday when he beat compatriot Karen Khachanov 6-3 6-3. Speaking after the match, Medvedev admitted that it was always a “privilege” to face the likes of Djokovic and Rafael Nadal, adding: “Every time I have this chance, I want to win. I want to try to do my best.”