Overseas property experts at YourOverseasHome.com surveyed Britons to find out what are the best destinations for retirees. They revealed that the "number one dream retirement location" if "money and logistics were no object" is Spain. According to the travel expert, the country where Britons would "eventually love to retire" is Spain. Britons said that most countries in southern Europe ticked all of their boxes but four in 10 respondents chose Spain as their "dream retirement location". In second place was Italy, followed by France, Cyprus and Portugal. Spain is in fact a very popular destination among British tourists with thousands heading to the Mediterranean country every summer. Most retirees may be looking for warmer weather and that is why the most desired areas are by the coast, specifically by the Mediterranean sea, where the weather is mild all year round. READ MORE: Top UK tourist hotspots made famous by pop culture - like Abbey Road  Some of the best places to live in Spain by the sea are Alicante, Denia, Valencia, Malaga, Torrevieja and the island of Tenerife. These are also very affordable locations, while other spots by the sea like Barcelona, Sitges or Majorca are a bit more pricey in terms of housing and cost of living. Senior content editor at Your Overseas Home, Christopher Nye, commented: “Retiring overseas has never been more popular. "As 65 has become the new 50, people are realising that a move to a warmer, more relaxed lifestyle in the sun is an incredible opportunity for fun and adventure in later life. READ MORE: Pilot urges elderly passengers to avoid window seat as higher risk "Post-Brexit procedures have been simplified, making a move abroad easy and cost-effective and a UK pension goes a lot further in most of our favourite overseas locations. “So we decided to see where exactly people were dreaming - or even planning - to move to in their retirement." The travel guru explained that "Spain came out on top as the number one choice for 41 percent of respondents". He added: “It shows that exotic isn’t the biggest selling point. Spain has all the advantages of warmth, sunshine and lower cost of living, but it’s easy to reach all year and has an amazing social life waiting for you too, in its friendly expat communities."