The former Strictly Come Dancing judge is said to have stunned the audience and crew members alike when he continually hit the Golden Buzzer when contestants were halfway through their performance. Britain's Got Talent fans know the Golden Buzzer is reserved for acts the judges want to send straight through to the live semi-finals. Astounded audience members were convinced the star did not know the format of the show as he continued to make gaffe after gaffe. Fans flocked to social media to talk about the chaos the fiery Italian caused during the audition rounds. One fan described: “I don't think he still understands the rules of the show. "An act just came on and got yeses from Simon, Amanda, and Alesha. READ MORE: Prince Andrew is 'using 'Harry's attacks' to 'clear his name' “Then Bruno said I’m going to say no sorry and then buzzed.” The poster said the judges explained to Bruno it was unnecessary for him to buzz after the act and described the moment as “funny”. It's reported the panel had to continually explain the format to Bruno but praised ITV’s decision to get the choreographer in as a new judge. The poster continued: “This is why Bruno is a great addition- he wanted to give today’s act a #GoldenBuzzer. He couldn't. “He proceeded to pull Simon out of his chair to make him press it. He did. They deserved it.” According to The Sun, Bruno on his first day got over excited when a dance troupe performed on stage. The former dancer hit his golden buzzer before they had completed their performance. Head judge Simon Cowell doesn't seem fazed by the chaos either as he turn a blind eye to the havoc caused by Bruno. DON'T MISS...GB News fury as Andrew's ex details how Giuffe photo was 'faked' [INTERVIEW]Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star [INSIGHT]Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital  [INSIGHT] He said of Bruno hitting the Golden Buzzer at the wrong time: “That has never actually happened. You’ve made BGT history. “Usually the Golden Buzzer is pressed after you have performed.” Bruno’s hilarious antics come after he decides to join the hit ITV show after 18 years as a judge on Strictly Come Dancing. Bruno quit the popular dancing competition in early 2022 citing a hectic schedule that saw him judge both the UK and US show, Dancing With The Stars. ITV issued a statement in which Bruno professed his delight at joining the panel alongside Amanda Holden and Alesha Dixon. He said: “Here we are, Britain's Got Talent. I am so excited. It’s my first show, I have no idea what’s going to happen but I’m sure it’s going to be brilliant.” Bruno’s debut ends weeks of speculation after Alan Carr and Mo Gilligan were reportedly in the running to replace David Walliams. Britain's Got Talent returns to ITV later this year.