The recipe was created by Sunday Times best-selling cook Meliz Berg's mother and was inspired by her roots. It is inspired by a classic Cypriot bake, Hellimli, and she shared the details on her TikTok account @melizcooks. What is Hellimli? Hellimli is a Cypriot savory bread. It's made with halloumi, onions, and mint, kneaded in bread dough. The mint and cheese are incorporated in the Yorkshire recipe, which the cook says is perfect with lamb. Meliz said: It's my mum's creation, not mine, but my goodness me they are incredible, and so easy to make. "They have always brought me so much joy, and if you’ve never made them, this is now your cue. I guarantee you’ll be hooked once you make them." They're "delicious served with a drizzle of honey and a cup of tea, or with a roast dinner (especially lamb, which is complimented by that lovely minty flavour)." READ MORE: 'Foolproof method' for 'delicious Yorkies that are crispy' Ingredients (makes 12) Method Whisk milk and eggs together, add flour, whisk again, add salt, whisk again then chill the batter for at least an hour, or even overnight. Mix together the hellim, dried mint and seeds and leave to one side. Preheat your oven to 230C fan/250C. When the oven is hot, fill each round of a muffin tray with 3/4 tsp oil (beef dripping is also great) making sure you grease the sides so you can easily pop out the puds when they’re cooked. Place the tray on the top shelf of the oven for around 20 minutes until the oil is smoking - leave longer if necessary. Take the Yorkshire pudding batter out of the fridge, give it another whisk, then carefully take the muffin tray out of the oven (closing the oven door behind you) and quickly pour in equal measures of the batter into each round. The batter should really sizzle as it hits the hot oil. Quickly top each round with a tbsp of the hellim mixture. Quickly pop the tray back in the oven on the middle shelf, and turn the heat down to 190C fan / 210C. Do not open the oven door until the Yorkshire puddings are a dark golden brown colour, which should take around 30 minutes, or a little longer if necessary. Take the puds straight out of the tray and onto a wire rack. The recipe won a lot of fans over. Commenter Lisa wrote: "Yorkshire puddings always sound good but never enough to try and make my own until now! Thank you for sharing, this looks heavenly." One, called Sav, said: "I’m not a fan of making Yorkshire puddings but I really want to make these." Coral Knight said: "Hang on a second halloumi in a Yorkshire pudding. My life has been made thank you." Kavya Kumar said: "Oh my, that looks amazing! The recipe is very similar to Brazilian Cheese bread and that makes my heart tingly."