Footage captures the shocking moment a boulder crashed into a woman’s home, nearly flattening her. Video from inside the home shows a woman walking down a hallway when a boulder breaks through the wall. Just a foot away from the woman, the massive rock smashes through the cinderblock wall before breaking through the living room and then another wall. It eventually settled inside a bedroom but also wrecked a car outside. Local outlets reported that no one inside the home was injured. However the woman the boulder almost hit, Caroline Sasaki, was left shaken. “All I heard was the boom when the glass cracked from the sliding door, so I backed up and I guess it passed right through me,” the 65-year-old said, according to KITV 4. The family was only in the newly-built home in Honolulu, Hawaii for about a week when the wrecking boulder came barreling, the station reported. “I haven’t watched the video, but they said if I took one more step, I probably wouldn’t be here,” Caroline also said. She noted she struggled with a bad leg, making her walk slower. READ MORE: Dems vow to beat McCarthy’s ‘hostage-taking’ of debt ceiling crisis Caroline and other homeowners in the neighbourhood believe nearby excavation work at a planned development is the cause of the boulder falling, KHON 2 reported. “We lived in this same location”, Sasaki told the station. “We just knocked down the old house and rebuilt it; and it’s never happened before, heavy rain and hurricane warnings nothing. “So, no rocks ever came down. We’ve had some issues with them carving the mountain, and I don’t know if that’s the cause.” DON'T MISS Prince Harry 'wants to win' in coronation negotiations US tipped to suffer major losses in open conflict with China Tyre Nichols was talented amateur skateboarder, friends' videos show Despite being nearby, development owner Bingning Li insisted his project is not to blame for the nightmare rockfall. “Not at all, this is from way above, I looked at one of those rocks about 50 feet away from on top of the property and landed over there and then made its way down here,” Li told the KHON 2. “So it hit one of the cables that was supposed to stop it and the cable snapped. “That took a lot of energy away otherwise this damage would be way more.”