Tottenham Hotspur have reportedly offered to include three players in a deal to sign Sporting CP right-back Pedro Porro. Antonio Conte is pushing to bolster his squad in the January transfer window amid a rut of form that has seen Spurs drift away from the Premier League top four since the World Cup. Just one win in five league games, including three defeats in the last three, has left Conte's side six points behind fourth-placed Manchester United, having played a game more. And Spurs fan frustration is rife, with the north Londoners the only 'Big Six' club yet to do business to strengthen their ranks this month. But Daniel Levy is said to be working hard to secure Conte one of his primary transfer targets in Porro. According to Fabrizio Romano, Tottenham have offered Sporting one player plus guaranteed money to part ways with the 23-year-old. The Times back up that report, claiming Tottenham's offer for Porro involved a player plus cash, with Levy putting one of three stars on the table. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Emerson Royal, Japhet Tanganga and Bryan Gil were made available as part of the deal, with Conte ready to offload one to bring in Porro. It's said that all three haven't cemented their spot in the Italian head coach's plans, leaving them in the shop window to sweeten the deal. However, Sporting have rejected the approach and will hold out for any suitors to trigger his £40million release clause. Spurs have also offered to remove the 50 per cent sell-on clause in Marcus Edwards' contract with the Portuguese giants to reduce Porro's fee. DON'T MISS: Frank Lampard sends Everton fans relegation warning after West Ham  But little progress is being made in negotiations, and Levy may have to cough up the full price if Conte is to receive backing before the winter deadline. Spurs' defensive woes were laid bare most recently in Thursday's second-half collapse against Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium. Dejan Kulusevski and Emerson fired the visitors into a shock 2-0 lead on the brink of half-time, but frailties at the back cost them in the 4-2 defeat. Conte compared his defence to a relegation-threatened outfit after full-time, indicating his desperation to strengthen before it's too late. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here