Georgia, 42, who plays Toyah Battersby in the hit ITV soap is rumoured to have split quietly with partner Mark Letheren and they are no longer believed to be living together. A source told The Sun: "The split was in July 2022 and they have both moved out of the home they shared." Actor Mark, 51, who appeared in the popular long-running Police series The Bill, posted an emotional message during the festive season that hinted that the pair had broken up. He wrote: “It’s been the worst year after a number of Increasingly s**t years. My life fell apart." "Thankfully, I’m Incredibly lucky to have a family who have picked up the pieces and are trying to help me rebuild myself. READ MORE: Denise Welch named ‘abusive bully’ by Piers Morgan's son in Meghan row "It's thanks to them that I'm still here and trying to move forward, For that, I am truly grateful."   He added: “Whatever the new year brings, I hope that strength, humility, joy, and love are in abundance for you.”   According to the publication Mark moved to Cornwall a few months ago, leaving the house they shared in Bristol.   Previously, Georgia gave a rare insight into the couple's relationship and how they first met. Speaking to Lorraine Kelly on her ITV show, she said they first met on the set of the BBC hospital drama Casualty. She said that the pair had met back in 2008 and of their relationship at the time, Georgia commented on their relationship status. “Yeah, we're actually not married but we practically are because we've been together so long," she divulged. The split speculation comes after it was rumoured that Georgia has grown increasingly close to her former Corrie co-star and friend Charlie De Melo. DONT MISS: Johnny Depp ‘totally devastated’ after friend Jeff Beck suddenly dies  ITV viewers 'shaking with rage' and 'switch off' Harry interview BBC News exodus sees presenters quit as merger sparks 'humiliation' Charlie, who played Imran in the soap, was Georgia’s on-screen partner.   The pair have been spotted together and were seen strolling arm in arm.   Georgia previously addressed Charlie's exit after he was written out of the soap.   Charlie, played lawyer Imran Habeeb, before his death in a car accident.   She said of Charlie leaving the soap: “Heartbroken. I absolutely adore him. He's been a dream, an absolute dream. "He's so funny so we laugh a lot but he is honestly one of the most supportive people I have ever worked with,   "Even now, we're still in touch obviously, he's texting me, 'How did the day go? Are you OK?'   "He's just a team player. And I mean look at him, there's no complaints there either. He's beautiful."