The think tank Civitas published “An analysis of the effects of taxes and benefits on household income”. Doesn’t sound like a page turner, eh? Well, don’t be fooled by the dry title. Within its pages lie the secrets of pretty much every aspect of modern politics. Let’s start with some of the most significant statistics uncovered by authors Tim Knox and Daniel Lilley. Their analysis of Office for National Statistics (ONS) data shows that a record 54.2 percent of people (36 million) now live in households that receive more in benefits – such as Universal Credit, Jobseeker’s Allowance and the state pension, as well as non-financial benefits such as use of the NHS and social care, free school meals and subsidised housing – than they paid in taxes. The average household gets almost £5,000 a year more in cash welfare, healthcare, schooling and other “benefits” than they contribute. This “dependency ratio” has profound implications for politics. Between 1977 and 2000, an average 41.2 percent of people received more from the state than they paid in taxes. Against the current 54.2 percent, it looks as if there has been a steady rise in numbers of people dependent on the state for most of their income. But that masks a more interesting change. During the last Labour government (from 1997 to 2010) there was indeed a steady rise in this number – quite deliberately. In 1999, Gordon Brown, then the chancellor, introduced tax credits, whose scope and value would be increased year on year, with the aim of redistributing income towards the poor. Their purpose was to reduce unemployment by making low-paid jobs more attractive. When Labour left office in 2010, tax credits accounted for 1.9 percent of all GDP – the second largest item in the entire social security budget after pensions. This was laudable in a way. But it had another, more nakedly political aim. The greater the number of people dependent on the state for large amounts of income, the greater the likelihood they would vote for the party committed to such benefits, rather than the one set on shrinking public spending. In the end, other factors over- whelmed Labour in the 2010 election (such as Gordon Brown’s unsuitability to be PM) and the Tories took office. Then, as predicted, dependency ratios did indeed start to fall, from 52.5 percent in 2010 to 47.5 percent in 2019-20. You hardly need me or this new report to tell you that since 2020 the figure has again increased, but by a far greater degree. Between July 2021 and July 2022, for example, claims for the personal independence payment benefit had doubled to 30,000 a month, with a total of 2.8 million claimants. It’s also clear that many people have chosen since the pandemic either not to return to work or to cut their hours, relying instead on benefits. Some 1.9 million over-50s receive out-of-work benefits – 300,000 more than pre-Covid. We are already seeing the political impact of this increasing reliance on benefits. For decades – since Mrs Thatcher became Tory leader in 1975 – the party’s rhetoric and principles had as a fundamental theme the need to keep the size of the state stable or falling. But that changed even before the pandemic, with Boris Johnson’s so-called “cakeist” leadership, following his famous quote: “My policy on cake is pro having it and pro eating it.” In other words: let rip, and if the state increases, so be it. Under Rishi Sunak and Jeremy Hunt there is now a conscious effort to reverse some of this fiscal indiscipline. But post-pandemic, they are starting from a far higher base. And while the Tories are once more talking about financial constraints, they are not even close to the rhetoric of earlier years about slimming the state – let alone doing it. So, in effect, both main parties are committed to a dramatically expanded state, with Labour likely to increase it even more. But you can’t have something for nothing forever. As it is, the tax burden is already skewered: more than half (53 percent) of income tax is paid by the top 10 per cent of earners, and 83 per cent by just 40 per cent of British adults. There will come a point, as in the 1970s, when the dam bursts and we have to redraw the tax map and get to grips with the size and scope of benefits. Unfortunately, it’s not as easy as simply cutting taxes, without making things worse.