Chelsea are said to be ‘very close’ to beating Arsenal to the signing of Mykhaylo Mudryk having reached an agreement with his club over a transfer fee. The Blues have jetted abroad to hold direct talks with Shakhtar Donetsk in order to hijack the Gunners’ proposed move for the Ukraine international. Mudryk is claimed, per The Athletic, to be ‘open’ to joining Chelsea despite having repeatedly hinted throughout the January window that he wants to join their London rivals Arsenal. It was widely expected that a move to the Emirates was imminent, and that he might make his debut against Manchester United next Sunday. Yet transfer expert Fabrizio Romano reported on Saturday evening that Chelsea have struck an agreement with Shakhtar regarding an £88m fee. It's said they are now trying to convince the player to make the move. And The Athletic claim Mudryk had been made aware of Chelsea's growing interest several days earlier and even that he is open to moving to Stamford Bridge. Arsenal's highest offer so far is thought to have been £84m including add-ons. MUST READ: Chelsea hijack Mykhaylo Mudryk to Arsenal transfer 'as £88m bid ready' Chelsea's fee would be a guaranteed amount of between £53m to £62m with another £26.5m to £35m in add-ons on top of that. Shakhtar are said to be prioritising whichever club can offer better quality add-ons. The Ukrainian club are hoping to get the full £88m for Mudryk, whom they have made it clear they rate as one of the best young wingers in world football. They remain in discussions with both Chelsea and Arsenal in what is a very fast-moving situation. Chelsea are desperately eyeing reinforcements to help out Graham Potter's ailing side. The Blues sit 10th in the Premier League after losing at Fulham on Thursday night and Potter is said to be a fan of Mudryk personally. The Londoners have also looked at PSV's Noni Madueke and had entered into talks with the Dutch club about the England under-21 international forward. It had even been proposed that a £25m formal bid had been submitted for the 20-year-old earlier this week. Arsenal have been the favourites to sign Mudryk all month given the Ukraine international's public preference for the Emirates. He has made numerous social media posts making it clear he would like to link up with the Gunners. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE