Two Russian cosmonauts and a US astronaut have been left stranded on the International Space Station (ISS) after a technical issue with the Soyuz MS-22 spacecraft that was supposed to return them to Earth. Now, Russia will have to launch another Soyuz rocket to return them. Sergei Prokopyev, Dmitry Petelin and Francisco Rubio were set to return to the Blue Planet aboard the Soyuz MS-22 in March following a mission on the ISS. But last month, their original capsule suffered from a so-called coolant leak, which reportedly came from a tiny puncture in the external radiator of the Soyuz MS-22 capsule currently docked on the ISS. Russian space agency Roscosmos said: "The expedition of Sergey Prokopyev, Dmitry Petelin and Francisco Rubio to the ISS is being extended. They will return to Earth on Soyuz MS-23. "The launch of the Soyuz MS-23 will be on Feb. 20, 2023 in an unmanned mode." The damage to the radiator pipeline reportedly came as a result of a meteorite, according to the space agency. Roscosmos added that the "diameter of the hole is less than 1 millimeter".  The incident has caused major disruption for Russia's ISS plans, slamming the breaks on planned spacewalks by its cosmonauts as officials prioritise fixing the leaky capsule, which functioned as an emergency escape pod for the crew. This means they are left stranded if a serious problem develops in the station’s living quarters, as appears to have happend. However, this is also likely to cause headache for NASA, which said last month that it was assessing whether SpaceX's Crew Dragon spacecraft provide a ride home for some ISS crew members as an alternative if Russia fails to launch another Soyuz rocket. The issue comes decades into the long partnership of running the station, which has continued despite tensions soaring back down on Earth amid the Ukraine war.  It is thought that the ISS costs around $1.3billion (£1.07billion) a year to operate, and the two nations are working together to fix the current issue, despite the Cold War legacy and surging geopolitical climate. John Logsdon, a professor emeritus at George Washington University and founder of its Space Policy Institute, said told Grid: "Up to now, the White House explicitly has built a wall around ISS and space cooperation that kept it separate from the general pattern of U.S.-Russian relations." He added: “So there has been an explicit, but unstated and understood, policy that as long as Russia keeps up its part of the bargain in the partnership that we would not do anything influenced by external factors like Crimea or Ukraine. Roscosmos' Sergey Krikalev said at a media briefing: "If we have some technical discussion among us or inside on the Russian side, then we share results of the discussion with our partners."   The Soyuz programme is the longest operational human spacecraft programme in the history of space exploration, with the first-ever crewed flight into space taking place back in April 23 1967. The spacecraft generally weighs seven tonnes and measure 7.2 metres in length and 2.7 metres in diameter. They open solar panels open after launching and can carry up to three astronauts at a time, according to the European Space Agency's website. Elon Musk's SpaceX's Crew Dragon is also set to splash down today after it undocked from the ISS on Monday. If it all goes according to plan, the robotic space cargo will splash down off the coast of Florida. It was launched by a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket on November 26, bringing with it around 7,700 pounds (3,500 kilograms) of cargo to the ISS. The package included two new International Space Station Roll Out Solar Arrays (iROSAs), which NASA astronauts deployed during two spacewalks. A number of scientific experiments were also being ferried over by the spacecraft. The mission was given the name CRS-26 as it was the 26th robotic resupply flight to the ISS piloted by SpaceX. One experiment will involve the growing of dwarf cherry tomatoes on the orbiting lab to study off-Earth food production. The Soyuz programme is the longest operational human spacecraft programme in the history of space exploration, with the first-ever crewed flight into space taking place back in April 23 1967.