Midsomer Murders is now in its 23rd season with viewers waiting for the next new episode to air. Sadly there will not be another episode tonight as ITV shakes up the TV schedule. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about why it isn't on. Season 23 of the detective drama has started airing in the US with viewers in the UK waiting to get their hands on the new series. Repeat episodes from the 20th season have been airing on ITV on Friday evenings, filling viewers' weekends with nostalgia. However, there will be no Midsomer Murders tonight, January 27, as ITV will be airing the FA Cup football match between Manchester City and Arsenal. Coverage starts from 7.30pm with kick-off scheduled for 8pm, with the action taking place at Etihad Stadium. READ MORE: Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ devastating double death The game is not expected to end until 10.15pm, so Midsomer Murders has lost out on its usual spot. Sadly it looks as if the repeats will not return the following week either, February 3. This is because ITV is airing a new drama series called Hotel Portofino. The series synopsis reads: "During the 1920s, Rose and her mother, Julia, arrive at an Italian hotel to evaluate a prospective marriage with Lucian, the war veteran son of the residence's proprietors. "But his mother, Bella, has more immediate worries - her most critical guest, Lady Latchmere, has fallen ill." It stars Carolina Gonnelli as Paola, Claude Scott-Mitchell as Rose Drummond-Ward and Lucy Akhurst as Julia Drummond-Ward. As for football, Manchester City and Arsenal have been the top two in the Premier League for much of the season. Yet this is the first time they have faced each other in any competition this term, making it a game not to be missed for some. DON'T MISS... Here's the lowdown on the new series of Midsomer Murders Midsomer Murders season 23 episode 1 cast make US return Midsomer Murders' Annette Badland defends Fleur Perkins As for when the new season of Midsomer Murders will air, an official release date is yet to be announced. The new season started airing on Acorn TV in the US and Canada in December 2022. A few of the episode titles have already been released and they include The Blacktrees Prophecy, The Debt of Lies, A Grain of Truth and Dressed to Kill. The season is expected to be made up of six episodes, with filming having wrapped in September 2022. The latest season stars Neil Dudgeon as John Barnaby and Fiona Dolman as his wife Sarah. Nick Hendrix plays DS Jamie Winter, with Annette Badland as Dr Fleur Perkins. This is not the first time Midsomer Murders has been pulled from the ITV schedule in place of a news or sports event. The show was bumped off the schedules for Harry: The Interview, a one-off interview with the Duke of Sussex on January 8.  Midsomer Murders is available to watch on ITVX