Fans are eagerly awaiting the return of Outlander’s seventh season after the show ended with a jaw-dropping finale. Droughtlander could soon come to an end as bosses confirmed Lord John Grey’s reprisal, as fans shared their excitement many called for the character to have a spin-off series. Outlander sparked a major fan frenzy after a teaser trailer announced season seven would premiere this year. Since then, the show has taken to its official social media accounts to confirm the return of many characters. Most recently, they shared a photo of Lord John Grey (played by David Berry) on Instagram of the character dressed in a red coat with frills and a tricorn hat. The post was captioned: “I don't know what I'm more jealous of: @mrdavidberry's ability to look effortless while leaning on a hanging chair or his on-point-for-2023 monochromatic costume. #Outlander.” READ MORE: Ken Bruce quits BBC Radio 2 after 31 years Fans took to the comments sharing their excitement for Lord Grey’s return as well as demands for a spin-off. @drache_66 stated: “So this is the actual spin-off we want not Jamie's parents, when will you announce it.” @hellotajreen asked: “Where is the Lord John spinoff series we all want?” A third fan @tchtc added: “David Berry needs his own series - even if it has nothing to do with Outlander.”  The demands were carried over to Twitter where fans revealed there was a Lord Grey novel series they wanted to see adapted for screens. @jafpnow2 tweeted: “Been listening to the Audibles of the Lord John Grey series. Really enjoying them. However, now I am desperate for the @Outlander_STARZ spinoff.” @ElenaMelin asked: “All the other great series have spinoffs...can we be expecting a Lord John Grey spinoff sometime in the future?” A fifth fan @DebbieMerten added: “I'd rather have a Lord John Grey sequel. There's already a lot of book material for at least a short series.” DON'T MISS...Phillip Schofield sparks uproar as he defends Jeremy Clarkson [REACTION]Here's a look at Claire's decision to stay in the future in Outlander [INSIGHT] Here's a look at Outlander star David Berry's net worth [INSIGHT] So far, the only Outlander spin-off confirmed is the story of Jamie Fraser’s (Sam Heughan) parents titled Blood of My Blood. Although bosses have remained tight-lipped about the prequel, Starz confirmed it would explore the forbidden love affair between Ellen and Brian Fraser. While they didn’t appear in the hit series, Jamie often spoke fondly of his parents and reminisced about their lives with his other relatives. Fans know Ellen was the sister of Colum (Gary Lewis) and Dougal Mackenzie (Graham McTavish), with whom she was close. Between 1998 and 2017, author Diana Gabaldon also wrote a series of novels focused on the adventures and escapades of Lord Grey. The series contains nine novels which explore his life between 1756 and 1762. Since the character was first introduced in season two, he formed a close friendship with Jamie and even raised his illegitimate son, William Ranson (Oliver Finnegan) as his own. However, their friendship turned tumultuous after Lord Gret revealed he had fallen in love with Jamie.  Outlander seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Starz in the US and on LIONSGATE+ in the UK. 