Liverpool icon and Sky Sports pundit Graeme Souness slammed Chelsea captain Cesar Azpilicueta for a claim he made in his interview following the Blues' 1-1 draw with Nottingham Forest on New Year's Day. Raheem Sterling gave the visitors the lead in the first half, before Serge Aurier's volley equalised in the second period. The Spanish defender admitted that Chelsea expected Forest to come out in the second half and be aggressive. “I think that when a team is losing you expect that reaction," Azpilicueta told Sky Sports. "We were not able to find the right space or to attack the right space to calm down the reaction that we expected from them. They are playing at home so when you are 1-0 up and didn’t kill the game before, you expect that and we were not able to match that kind of aggressivity.” Souness insisted that Chelsea should have matched that intensity, however. “It’s no good Azpilicueta saying ‘Of course the team are going to be more aggressive when they are a goal behind’, well match up! Meet that aggression, deal with it," Souness told Sky Sports. READ MORE: Liverpool told to make second signing before Bellingham - Exclusive "Be better in the aggressive side of the game and they didn’t do it. I go back to it, I would love to go to Cobham and watch their five-a-sides Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, but when you are in a war out there you have got to be a different animal. They were not capable of it." Despite looking in control of the early stages of the first half, having gone ahead through Sterling's strike, Chelsea were second-best after half-time and failed to have a single shot on target in the second period. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'lose Saudi Arabia deal at 11th hour' as plug pulled after meetingMan Utd boss Ten Hag takes on second job at Old Trafford after Murtough talksCarragher urges Liverpool to sign 'next Wijnaldum' alongside Bellingham  Souness continued as Chelsea languish in eighth place in the Premier League table, and the Scot feels that Graham Potter's side are lacking firepower and the midfielders need to break beyond the opposition defence more often. "The top goalscorer has got four goals. If you are playing against that midfield they are always there, if I am playing against them they are always there, you can see them. Ask a question, they didn't cover themselves in glory. "[Romelu] Lukaku, Timo Werner. Are they a better team without those two? Do they look more of a goal threat without them two? Without them being the answer to the problems long-term. They are not scoring any goals! The stats tell you they are not scoring goals." 