Chelsea chief Todd Boehly has reportedly made it clear that he will trump any Arsenal offer for Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk. The west London giants are attempting to hijack one of the first January transfer deals. According to the Independent, Chelsea continue to feel bullish about business and could be as busy in January as they were in the summer. During Boehly’s first transfer window at the helm, the Blues spent a whopping £271million to sign the likes of Raheem Sterling, Marc Cucurella, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Wesley Fofana and Kalidou Koulibaly. Boehly is more than willing to take on Chelsea’s rivals and blow them out of the water where necessary. But Mudryk would currently prefer to move to the Emirates Stadium. The only real issue still to solve for the Gunners is the transfer fee as Shakhtar want £88m for the winger, while Arsenal want to pay less than £71m. Arsenal are said to be conscious of Chelsea’s interest in Mudryk but are confident that he will opt for north London and become one of two signings during the winter window. READ MORE: Tottenham star Son Heung-min expresses sorrow for team-mates    Chelsea, meanwhile, are relaxed about results under Graham Potter, despite the fact the team have endured a tough run of results in recent months. Potter, who was appointed in September after the club sacked Thomas Tuchel, started his Chelsea tenure with three Premier League victories before leading his team to the knockout stages of the Champions League. But the Blues have dropped to 10th in the Premier League table following a dismal run of form that has seen the side win just one of their last seven top-flight matches. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see   Despite Potter’s struggles, Boehly is taking a much longer-term stance and will allow the manager time to build a competitive team. The view is that Potter has been hampered by the fact he is working with a squad that was built to multiple visions under different managers. Potter was initially brought to the club because he fits Chelsea’s new football idea. And Boehly believes the ex-Brighton boss deserves the space and time to work with a group who much better fit the club’s ethos. Chelsea suffered a disappointing 1-1 draw against Nottingham Forest at the City Ground on New Year’s Day. But the Blues will have the opportunity to make amends for that result and record only their second league victory since October when they host Manchester City on Thursday night. City, who have won the Premier League four times in the last five years, are currently eight points behind table toppers Arsenal. 