Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has hinted he will not be recalling Amad from Sunderland in the January transfer window. The Ivorian winger has become undroppable for the in-form Black Cats in the Championship. Amad has six goals and one assist from 19 appearances in the second tier, only 12 of which have been starts. The 20-year-old's fruitful spell with Sunderland comes after an underwhelming stint with Rangers last term. The former Atalanta youth product joined United for a fee of up to £37million back in January 2021 but has amassed just 331 minutes of action at Old Trafford since. Despite that, there have been suggestions United might look to recall Amad from the Stadium of Light. The Red Devils are looking for an attacker to replace Cristiano Ronaldo but missed out on Cody Gakpo to Liverpool. With very few targets available at a fair price in the winter window, Amad had been viewed as a player to give Ten Hag an extra option without having to spend any cash. But the United manager has appeared to shut down any possibility of cutting short Amad's loan. Ten HAg has instead suggested it would be best for the forward to get regular game time at Sunderland. MUST READ: Jamie Carragher 'gets told off' as pundit accidentally calls Reds 'we' "We consider everything, but I have a little bit of reservation about that because I don't want to stop the process," the Dutch tactician said. He's made really good progress there so I'm happy with that. "When we decide for him to come back, he has to be a player who can compete for the starting line-up or come on for a lot of games and make an impact." Ten Hag also ruled out any attackers leaving on loan this month. He continued: "I know we have good players and I know a lot of clubs will have an interest in players who aren’t playing for us so often. But we need the squad. We need depth in the squad and especially, I would say, the front line." Similarly, Sunderland manager Tony Mowbray - speaking before Christmas - revealed his confidence that Amad would spend the entire season in the north east. He said: "I'm pretty sure that's something that's not even been questioned. DON'T MISS...Arsenal have already signed two perfect players for Mykhaylo MudrykMan Utd’s best XI if Felix and second player joins this JanuaryLiverpool may have blocked two Premier League transfers as Gakpo joins “I think they [United] are happy. On the back of Amad's loan last season, I think it's such a better position for him and for his football club at this moment that he stays [at Sunderland] and plays his football with a smile on his face. Hopefully he will keep scoring and creating chances for us. "I haven't heard that from Ten Hag, I'm just assuming that that's the case with his football club because there haven't been any rumours that they might be doing this and this. My experience tells me he is in a really good place, so leave him, let him enjoy his football, and let him grow and develop. "Otherwise, what's he doing? He could go back to United and maybe not even get on their bench. He's a young guy who's had a tough period, he's now found a bit of form and somewhere where he is settled and looking happy, so I would just let him keep going." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here