 Chicago Fire first premiered in 2012 and was an immediate hit with viewers who were enthralled by the gripping storylines. As the Fire Lieutenant, Kelly Severide (played by Taylor Kinney) quickly became a fan favourite, however, after a major announcement the actor was forced to step away from the NBC drama.  Viewers were introduced to Kelly during the pilot episode, where he struggled to get along with his colleague Matthew Casey (Jesse Spencer). Although the two were once close, the painful death of a mutual friend created a huge rift as they blamed each other for the loss. In recent times, Kelly has come a long way and left his brash attitude in the past. Although he was formerly known as a lady's man, the Lieutenant settled down and married fellow firefighter Stella Kidd (Miranda Rae Mayo) in season 10.  READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan  Though fans are eager to see how married life will treat the couple, viewers could be forced to say goodbye to Kelly. A source close to the production revealed Taylor would be taking a leave of absence to deal with a personal matter. Speaking to Deadline, the insider disclosed cast and crew were apparently informed of Kinney’s leave earlier on Friday. As a result, it’s likely that future scripts will have to be rewritten to create an exit for his character.    Although a reason for Taylor’s absence has yet to be unveiled, fans took to Twitter with supportive messages for the actor. @SepiasSecret tweeted: “Hope everything is or will be ok for Taylor. He will truly be missed… Hope all will be well and he can return soon.” @JoJoPeekMurray added: “I hope everything is ok with Taylor. I wish him well and hope that he’s able to come back to Chicago Fire in the near future. He has a huge fan base, and will be missed.” A third fan @GeminiPrncs85 shared: “Oh no...Hope all is well and he comes back soon.” DON'T MISS...NCIS Los Angeles cancelled after 14 seasons [INSIGHT]Chicago Fire fans ‘heartbroken’ as Cindy Herrmann shares diagnosis [REACTION]Chicago Fire fans fear affair twist as concern grows over Stella [INSIGHT] A hopeful @phephac wrote: “I hope he's okay and gets everything taken care of. He is only human just like the rest of us. Hopefully, he will be back. Love him!” While @Holliebear80 remarked: “First Halstead … now Severide … = Kate not happy!. “Hope Taylor Kinney sorts out whatever problems he has & comes back soon. He will be missed for sure.” As Taylor’s exit episode has yet to be aired, fans can rest assured he will feature in more exciting episodes. Earlier this month, Chicago Fire returned from a major hiatus in its true dramatic fashion. Fans watched in fear as Stella, Sam Carver (Jake Lockett) and Seth Pryma (Troy Winbush) struggled to escape a deadly explosion. After a major cliffhanger, many were relieved to see the fan favourites made it out alive, however, chaos ensued after the team were forced to deal with returning villain Emma Jacobs (Caitlin Carver). Express.co.uk have approached for comment. Chicago Fire season 11 continues Wednesdays on NBC in the US. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 