Prince William is tipped not to give a “humiliating apology” to the Sussexes as he knows the pair would demand a “total capitulation” from the Cambridges. The Prince and Princess of Wales have been the subject of some of the fiercest attacks in Prince Harry’s recent media appearances, from his memoir Spare to multiple TV interviews, wrote former journalist Tom Bower. The Duke of Sussex has revealed a number of spats between Meghan and Kate which began from the very moment they met - while he also accused Prince William of physically assaulting him. Writing for the Daily Mail, Mr Bower said this series of attacks has “perhaps unconsciously” unveiled Harry and Meghan’s “breath-taking jealousy of the heirs to the throne.” He said for this reason, “the Cambridges have good reason to suspect the genuineness of Harry’s desire for reconciliation.” The journalist, who wrote a critical account of Meghan entitled “Revenge”, added: “It’s hard to believe that he or Kate can see any advantage in bowing to Harry’s demands. Concessions, they believe, will only lead to further accusations. The King and his advisers, William knows, are treading a dangerous path. Talk of reconciliation is a mirage. READ MORE: Prince William given extra sausage in blow to ‘spare’ Harry “Harry and Meghan will settle for nothing less than total capitulation and victory.” In a series of interviews done on either side of Spare’s release, Harry said he wanted his brother and father back and for “a family, not an institution.” However, his novel has been described by many as doing little to help in this regard - with the Times describing it as the “least conciliatory read in royal history”. He has also been unsparing in his characterization of William and Kate, saying they and the rest of the family have “shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile”. Kensington Palace has declined Express.co.uk’s request for comment on Prince Harry’s statements, with royal sources confirming that a “least said, soonest mended” approach is being adopted by the palace.  However, the looming issue of Harry’s attendance at King Charles’ coronation complicates matters. Sources have told the Times that reconciliation may be “the only way forward” with this issue so close on the horizon. One said: “It’s going to take flexibility on all sides, but it can be done, it’s fixable. It needs Harry over here, in the room with the King and Prince of Wales, a couple of other family members, some of ‘his people’ he trusts who always had his back, so he doesn’t think he’s being ambushed. “Both sides need to hold their hands up and admit we didn’t get everything right, and we got a lot wrong, and we have to say to him ‘we understand the pain you’ve been through’. The King can do it.” However, William is said to be “burning inside” over the allegations made by Harry in his book. DON'T MISS:William and Kate's matching outfits could signify family 'battle' [REVEAL]Meghan left 'upset' by Pippa Middleton's snub before wedding - claim [INSIGHT]Charles will try to reconcile William and Harry for coronation [ANALYSIS] In an interview with The Daily Telegraph last week, Harry acknowledged that his family would find it hard to forgive his betrayal: “Some of the stuff I’ve put in there, well, they will never forgive me anyway. But the way I see it is, I’m willing to forgive you for everything you’ve done.” He added that while some may “crucify him” for saying it, he wants to “save them from themselves”. The threat of a potential second book, after the reveal made to the Telegraph that Harry has another novel’s worth of details on the cutting room floor, also jeopardises the Royal Family’s willingness to apologise, wrote Mr Bower, who described this as “the revelation that may well have given them most pause”. However, this may be more true for the King, with the biographer writing: “No one knows better than Charles that Harry has barely scratched the surface when it comes to his tumultuous marriage to Diana, his difficult relationship with his own parents and his adulterous relationship with Camilla. The embattled King knows he has good reason to fear his son.”