Arsenal risk being without Bukayo Saka and William Saliba for their Premier League clash with Manchester United next week if either are booked during Sunday’s North London Derby. The Gunners meet fierce rivals Tottenham hoping to maintain their top-flight lead over Manchester City. However, they will meet Spurs with two key players facing potential suspensions. Both Saka and Saliba have been booked four times this season. The cut-off point for yellow cards being wiped comes after each team’s 19th league game, meaning Arsenal still have two more matches to play before both can feel safe from a one-match ban. They will face Spurs and United hoping to avoid punishment from the referee in order to avoid sitting out future clashes. Saka received his fourth Premier League yellow card in the 4-3 victory over Brighton on New Year’s Eve. He avoided a devastating North London Derby suspension by staying out of trouble in the goalless draw with Newcastle on January 3. JUST IN: Arsenal chief Vinai Venkatesham makes transfer promise The winger was also booked during the 1-0 win over Bodo/Glimt in October but bookings in the Europa League do not count towards a suspension in the Premier League. Saka is therefore safe to feature against Spurs, and has been cleared of any injuries after hobbling off in the 3-0 FA Cup triumph over Oxford United. Centre-back Saliba has been walking a tightrope for several months. The Frenchman, who has enjoyed an excellent breakthrough campaign in England, received four yellow cards in his first 10 appearances but has managed to go seven matches without entering the referee’s notebook. Saliba will be in for a tough battle against Spurs star Harry Kane and will do well to get through the game without a yellow card. Had he been fit, striker Gabriel Jesus would also have been risking a suspension. The Brazilian was booked in his first eight Premier League games after joining from Manchester City in the summer, but remains absent with a knee injury he suffered at the World Cup. DON'T MISS...Newcastle ace Joelinton charged with drink-drivingLeeds urged to sack Jesse Marsch to become a 'significant club' againMudryk uses cat as decoy in desperate attempt to seal Arsenal transfer Jesus’s replacement will be the in-form Eddie Nketiah, who scored twice in the win at Oxford. The 23-year-old has scored five goals in his last five outings. Mikel Arteta said after Nketiah’s brace against Oxford: "He showed great composure. He’s a great finisher, the timing of his runs and the decision-making in waiting until the last moment when the keeper was committed shows his quality. His understanding, his work rate, I think he’s getting better and better. "Obviously he’s been waiting for this moment. He’s been patient when he needed to be but as well he’s been with the right mindset and preparing himself for this moment. And that’s why I think he looks ready and why he’s performing the way he is."