Arsenal have ‘considerable funds’ to spend in January and could still target a midfielder before Tuesday’s transfer deadline, according to reports. The Gunners have had a mammoth £60million bid for Moises Caicedo rejected by Brighton. Wide-ranging reports claim that the Seagulls have turned down the offer for star midfielder Caicedo. It comes after Chelsea also had a £55m proposal waved away. Arsenal could go back in for the player in the final days of the January transfer window. Mikel Arteta wants to continue improving his squad to double down on the Gunners’ shock Premier League title bid. Midfield is the likeliest position to be strengthened, with Caicedo remaining a top target. Mohamed Elneny’s injury problems mean Arteta is short of options outside of his usual midfield trio of Thomas Partey, Granit Xhaka and Martin Odegaard. JUST IN: Arsenal have four players that could sweeten Caicedo negotiations Director of football Edu has ‘considerable funds’ available should he wish to sign any more players this month, according to The Athletic. The failed £80m pursuit of Ukraine starlet Mykhaylo Mudryk proves that point. Mudryk ended up joining Chelsea after the Blues hijacked Arsenal’s attempts to sign the 22-year-old from Shakhtar Donetsk. The North Londoners pulled out of a move because they were not willing to match Chelsea’s initial up-front fee, despite the Emirates Stadium being Mudryk’s preferred destination. Arsenal have since moved their efforts onto other targets. They prised Leandro Trossard and Jakub Kiwior from Brighton and Spezia, respectively. They now hope to reignite talks with Brighton over the 21-year-old Caicedo. The Ecuador international is also wanted by Chelsea and Liverpool. DON'T MISS...Arsenal chief Edu 'wanted anti-Chelsea clause' in £22m transfer talksLeeds at risk of Weston McKennie hijack but Arsenal yet to hold talksArsenal target Ibrahima Bamba's agent speaks out after London trip Arsenal’s shock Premier League title pursuit has improved the quality of players they can attract in the transfer market. Declan Rice fits into that category, with the Gunners leading the race to sign the West Ham captain in the summer. Rice has just 18 months to run on his contract with the Hammers and will not sign a new deal. Arsenal apparently value the England midfielder at around £70-75m. Arsenal have few options outside of their usual midfield trio, and could be tempted to make a bigger offer for Caicedo. Elneny is injured, Albert Sambi Lokonga has failed to live up to expectations, although Emile Smith Rowe could now be used in a more central role following the arrival of wide man Trossard.