Influencer Becca shares insights into her life on her TikTok account @thebeccamurray. From fashion tips to food hacks, Becca shares it all including this method to make stale bread fresh again. She told her 380.2K followers: "I accidentally left this hunk of sourdough sitting on the counter over the weekend and it's rock hard. "And I really wanted toast for breakfast and I didn't want to waste it and then I saw a video of a guy dousing stale bread with water and then putting it in the oven at 200C for five minutes. "So I tried it, and dude it was flakey and delicious and right out of the oven it tasted like fresh bread. "I'm always looking for ways to eliminate food waste and sometimes honestly my brain just forgets to put the rest of the bread in the freezer. 10/10 two thumbs up, highly recommend." READ MORE: You're storing milk and cheese all wrong - easy storage tips to make your food last longer Why does bread even go stale in the first place? Well, this is caused by the starch in the bread crystalising, absorbing water from the bread. The moisture is technically still in the bread, just in a hard, crystal form. This means bread can be revived in a few ways. One way is to toast it if the bread is sliced. This will release the water and the bread will be deliciously edible. However, Becca's method of wetting and heating the bread is the best option if you have a whole stale loaf. The key is to heat the bread to a point that allows it to absorb the water without then causing any moisture to evaporate. The results will only last a few hours, so eat that bread straight away. DON'T MISSI tried a TikTok food storage hack to keep crisps fresh [TEST] How to keep onions fresh for longer - chef's 30-minute hack [TIP] How to keep your potatoes fresh: 'Prevent them sprouting' [EXPERT] Becca's fans were quick to comment, claiming the hack works for them too. One Jamie said: "This is a fabulous trick. We use it more often than I like to admit." Others shared how they use the hack with slight tweaks or amendments. Zappa said: "I do this, but I don’t think you have to soak it, just spritz. The moisture on the outside is enough to steam the inside." Others told Becca they use the microwave to revive their stale bread. João recommended: "Place it over a glass of water on the microwave." Clover said: "You can also soak a paper towel and wrap that around bread and microwave that for a little bit." Betty Guerrero wrote: "When I was in culinary school we were taught to microwave the bread along with a mug of water, to add moisture back in." Grace said, "I do this but just wrap a damp paper towel and toss it in the microwave for 30secs to one minute," while Angie Monster said, "My grandmother used to do this!"