One person has died and two others were rushed to hospital after an e-bike that had been left charging sparked a massive blaze. The ground floor of the semi-detached home in Litherland, near Aintree Racecourse, was found ablaze by emergency services who raced to the scene after being called at 3am on Sunday. Four fire engines from Merseyside Fire and Rescue Service (MFRS) were sent to tackle the fire, reported the Liverpool Echo. Hose reel jets were used by the four firefighters who entered the property while wearing breathing apparatus. Two people were found in the home and carried out off the property by firefighters. One of the residents died at the scene, despite efforts by fire crews and paramedics to perform CPR. The other remains in serious condition in hospital. Meanwhile, a third person, who managed to escape the property after being woken by the smoke alarms, has been treated by doctors for smoke inhalation. Following a joint investigation between MFRS and Merseyside Police, the fire has been determined to be accidental, and the consequence of an e-bike left charging overnight. The fire is understood to have rapidly spread, quickly moving through open internal doors in the building. Fire chiefs have responded by issuing a warning to owners of the modern bikes. Area manager Mark Thomas said: “This is a devastating incident and our thoughts are very much with the family and friends of those involved. We are also mindful of the impact that the incident will have on the local community at this time and we will be on hand to offer our support in the coming days. “I would like also to commend the efforts of our fire control staff who offered help to callers, our fire crews who attempted rescues, also working with North West Ambulance Service who combined made every effort to provide emergency resuscitation for the casualties. This tragedy highlights the very real risks posed by e-bikes, which we have confirmed as the source of the fire. READ MORE: Heroes stabbed trying to stop phone muggers on electric bikes [REVEAL] “We would ask that people don't leave any electrical appliance - particularly e-bikes and scooters - charging unattended and definitely not while you are asleep when we are all at our most vulnerable. Also consider if you are leaving the bike or scooter in the way of your escape route should you need to evacuate in darkness. “I would also urge people to follow the manufacturer's instructions, only using batteries and chargers which have been supplied with the vehicle or approved by the manufacturer. Make a bedtime routine ensuring all internal doors are closed as this will slow the progress of a fire if one should happen. “In this incident the resident who raised the alarm was able to do so as smoke alarms had alerted them - please ensure you have working smoke alarms on every level of your home and check them regularly.” Firefighters and MFRS prevention staff will visit the local area to provide vital fire safety advice and complete home fire safety checks as part of a reassurance campaign in the coming days. DON'T MISS: Panic as bus bursts into flames in middle of busy road [REVEAL]Police hunt for serial arsonists starting fires on London buses [INSIGHT]Fire chiefs urge residents against tackling house blazes themselves [ANALYSIS]