If you don't want to miss a single detail from Prince Harry's memoir Spare, you can enjoy every word without paying a penny. Yes, the feverishly-anticipated book – currently only available in hardback – became the fastest-selling non-fiction book of all-time in the UK. The memoir, published by an imprint of Penguin Random House, has been in the headlines for weeks, with some of the juiciest revelations being leaked ahead of the release, including details of how the Duke of Sussex lost his virginity in a field, suffered frostbite to his "todger" during a charity trek, and his use of cocaine and marijuana. Thankfully, there are dozens more exciting never-before-heard details lurking in the 416-page book by Prince Harry. The hardback book is currently on sale for around £14 – roughly half the cover price of £28 – in booksellers like Amazon UK, Waterstones and WH Smith. However, there is a way to check out Spare in its entirety without paying a penny. If you sign-up to a free trial with Audible – the top-rated audiobook subscription service owned and operated by Amazon – you'll be able to claim one free audiobook. And despite being a brand-new bestseller, Amazon has included Spare as one of the options for those testing out the service for the first time! Without a subscription, Spare costs £14.99 as an audiobook on Audible. Better yet, if you cancel at any point during the trial period and you won't be charged a penny ...and you'll still be able to keep Spare by Duke of Sussex and listen at your own pace. Audible offers apps for a number of platforms, including iPhone, iPad, Android, as well as web browsers on your PC or Mac. You can also listen using smart speakers, like an Amazon Echo. Newer generations of the Kindle eReaders also allow owners to listen to audiobooks by pairing Bluetooth earbuds to the device too. Spare is narrated by the author, Prince Harry, The Duke of Sussex. It takes around 15 hrs and 37 mins for him to read the entire, unabridged memoir and all of its revelations. If you decide to stick with your Audible subscription, you'll be charged £7.99 per month. This subscription tier unlocks one audiobook credit each month, which can be spent on almost any book available on the service. Once bought, this audiobook will be available across your devices forever – with playback synchronised across gadgets, so you can pick-up where you left-off as you move between an iPhone, Android tablet, PC, and Amazon Echo. As well as its extensive library of audiobooks, Audible offers a swathe of exclusive radio plays, podcasts, and Audible Original shows. For those who don't know, Audible Originals are podcast-like series commissioned for the streaming service. The company has slowly been building a vast back catalogue of these shows, including Tan France's Queer Icons, Stephen Fry's Inside Your Mind, Derren Brown's Boot Camp For Life, The Graham Norton Book Club, French and Saunders Titting About, The Search For MH370: Deepest Dive, Finding Q: My Journey Into QAnon, and Alan Partridge: From The Oasthouse. Audible also hosts a number of dramatisations, like Little Women performed by Laura Dern and a full cast, The Jane Austen Collection with Billie Piper and Florence Pugh, and Around The World In 80 Days. There are also a number of shows centred around wellness and mental wellbeing, like How To Train Your Mind, Finding Your Purpose, and How Superfoods Work. If you want to listen to Spare – or any of the other titles available on Audible – but don't fancy another monthly subscription, don't worry. Amazon allows you to purchase a single audiobook – exactly as you would buy a single book from its online store – with most costing between £10 and £30 per book. These can be purchased directly from Audible or Amazon UK. If you're an avid Kindle reader, you'll almost always be offered the opportunity to buy the audiobook version of any digital book that you can to your basket. Audible has a pretty extensive range of royal books to listen to, including Andrew Morton's widely-praised biographies The Queen and Princess Diana, as well as A Royal Life, written by The Duke of Kent and Hugo Vickers, to name just a few. MORE LIKE THIS