Aesthetic treatments are extremely popular among women who wish to enhance or change their features, reverse signs of ageing or stop ageing altogether. Express.co.uk spoke to Amish Patel, award-winning aesthetics practitioner and skincare expert at Intrigue Cosmetic Clinic, about Botox and fillers, and how they can make someone look younger if administered correctly. Botox and dermal fillers can be used together, but what is the difference between them? "Botox (a brand name of botulinum toxin), like other anti-wrinkle injections, works by paralysing the underlying muscles whilst fillers fill the hollows and restore less volume”, Amish explained. “Fillers plump while Botox focuses on dynamic lines, i.e those formed by your facial movements. Used skillfully together, they work in harmony to refresh the face." Botox is most commonly administered in several places to achieve a youthful look; “around the eye area to soften crows feet lines, in the forehead area and in between the eyebrows to soften lines and help prevent the deepening of existing wrinkles and the formation of newer wrinkles”. “Botox can also be helpful for clients with 'smokers lines' around the top of the lips and in the chin to help soften wrinkles in this area. “As we age, the skin on our neck becomes looser as we lose collagen, but Botox can be used skillfully to give a subtle lift,” the expert added. READ MORE: Hair expert shares most ‘flattering’ hairstyle for women over 40 As for filler, this too can help someone look younger “when done skilfully and without excess”. Amish explained: “I always advise that you want to look fresh and 'good' for your age rather than trying to rewind the clock too far back. Too much filler can disfigure and actually make you look older than you are! “The key is to go for subtle tweaks so that it's not the work other people notice but that you look refreshed and well. “Filler replaces lost volume and receding bone density in areas such as the cheeks, chin and jawline. It is fabulous at restoring volume in the tear trough area and reducing nose to mouth lines and is super for giving the face a subtle lift." As for how regularly Botox and filler need to be administered to maintain results, the expert said “this really depends on the client's lifestyle, age and genes”. DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton ‘has the most power in the fashion industry’ [DATA]Astrologer shares horoscope for each animal sign this Chinese New Year [EXCLUSIVE]Sue Cleaver ‘unrecognisable’ after 3st weight loss [PICTURES] “If you drink alcohol regularly, smoke and even use saunas regularly, you'll find that your fillers may deteriorate more quickly. However, age and genes also play a role, as well as lifestyle choices. “In some clients, fillers last anything from six to 12 months or more, but this can also relate to the quality of the dermal filler the practitioner uses and what type of dermal filler they are using. For example, I use a different consistency of filler on the lips than I would volumise the cheek area. “Some unscrupulous practitioners choose cheap filler as a way to keep costs lower than the competition, but these will degrade more quickly and can take more MLS of filler to get the desired result, so it's a false economy for the consumer. “Botox is every three to six months and again can also be affected by how expressive someone's face is, how much exercise they do and even how stressful their lifestyle is." READ MORE: Anti ageing serum that firms up saggy skin & ‘decrease lines’ in 4wks Amish noted “botched” Botox is on the rise, especially with the cost of living crisis as people try to cheap deals to save money. He explained how he has “seen a marked increase in clinic referrals for remedial work on botched fillers and Botox”. “Botched Botox cannot be reversed, but there may be some corrective work we can do to minimise the issues but not always so. The same applies to dermal fillers. Fortunately, in most cases, this can be dissolved, but not all but this comes at a cost to the client, both emotionally, physically and financially. “A 'cheap deal' can be hugely expensive to someone if it goes wrong and they can't bear to leave the house or even look in the mirror. “Recently we have seen someone who lost movement in her neck from bad Botox and another individual who had thick filler injected into her lips, resulting in two wedges and loss of movement and shape. Corrective work involved carefully dissolving the filler and allowing the client to recover before reinjecting it a few months later. “Unfortunately, we have seen botched fillers where the filler does not dissolve successfully, requiring expert surgical referral." In a bid to avoid being “botched”, Amish advises anyone considering Botox or fillers should “Choose a practitioner with verified reviews and one registered with an organisation such as 'Save Face’”. They should also “be wary of a practitioner who tries to sell you the whole package when a staggered approach to your face could be more cost-effective and sensible for the client”. It’s also advisable to see examples of practitioners work at the consultation and consider travelling a little further to be treated by the right aesthetics practitioner. “Unfortunately, the industry is unregulated, meaning anyone can legally inject these products. However, I recommend sticking to a registered healthcare professionals such as doctors, dentists, pharmacists and nurses. They should also hold the relevant qualifications to prescribe medication. Don't be afraid to see training certificates for the treatments you may be seeking,” Amish added.