Prince Harry claimed that his father has shown “no willingness” to reconcile in an explosive interview, a recently released trailer has revealed. The Duke of Sussex hinted that he blamed King Charles III and his brother Prince William for the ongoing family rift. The Prince has given two television interviews, one to Tom Bradby, ITV’s News at Ten anchor, and another to veteran US broadcaster Anderson Cooper, to promote his memoir Spare — due to be published on Tuesday, January 10. Both interviews will air on Sunday, January 8. During his interview with Mr Bradby, Harry said of the Royal Family: “They’ve shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile… I would like to get my father back. I would like to have my brother back.” Since his and Meghan Markle’s exit, Harry’s relationships with his father and brother have been at the centre of the so-called ‘royal rift’. However, according to some reports, the Prince’s relationship with his dad has long been rocky. Born in September 1984, Harry was entered the world almost two years after Charles and Diana, Princess of Wales, welcomed their first son and heir to the throne, William. Named after his father, the young Prince was christened Henry Charles Albert David, a decision that was largely made by his father. According to royal biographer Andrew Morton, Princess Diana said it was the King who decided to name his second child after himself. In his book Diana: Her True Story, the author quoted Diana as saying: “I chose William and Harry, but Charles did the rest.” However, Mr Morton also claimed that Charles wasn’t entirely happy with the birth of his second son. “Charles always wanted a girl,” he quoted the Princess as saying. “Harry was a boy. His first comment was: ‘Oh God, it's a boy.’” The author went on to say that Diana was upset by her husband's reaction to Harry's appearance, noting: “And he's even got red hair,” a joke that apparently didn't sit well with the Princess who, according to Mr Morton, “was extremely hurt and offended,” as red hair was a characteristic of the Spencer family.  READ MORE: Inside Prince Harry's fraught relationship with Camilla as explosive memoir claims unfold Now, Harry has claimed Charles thanked Diana for giving him a ‘Spare’ the day he was born. In an excerpt published by The Guardian, he wrote: “‘Wonderful! Now you've given me an heir and a spare — my work is done." Royal biographer Penny Junor has described Harry and Charles’ early relationship as “slightly tricky”. In 2017, she told the Daily Beast: “It is a slightly tricky relationship because Charles has always been quite a remote figure, he has always been consumed by work. "That’s not a product of a lack of love. It’s a product of the fact he is so focused on his work, and the need to make a difference in the world that, like many people who are seeking to make a difference in the world, he has sometimes overlooked friends and loved ones beside him.” Charles, however, insisted he made an effort during Harry’s childhood, telling a 1994 documentary he tried to spend as much time as he could with his young sons. As boys, Harry and William saw the breakdown of their parents’ marriage, which unfolded in the full glare of the media. Charles and Diana continued to co-parent their sons following their 1992 separation. Their divorce was finalised in August 1996, one year before the Princess’ tragic death in a fatal car crash. Both Harry and William were staying at Balmoral with Charles at the time, and it was down to their dad to break the news to them. The then-Prince of Wales walked alongside his sons at their mother's funeral on September 6, 1997. Harry was just 12 at the time, William 15. “My mother had just died, and I had to walk a long way behind her coffin, surrounded by thousands of people watching me while millions more did on television,” Harry told Newsweek in June 2017 of the experience. “I don’t think any child should be asked to do that, under any circumstances. I don’t think it would happen today.” Also in 2017, the Duke praised Charles for the way he looked after both him and William in the wake of their mother's death. In a BBC documentary, he said: “One of the hardest things for a parent to have to do is to tell your children that your other parent has died. "How you deal with that, I don't know. But, you know, he was there for us. He was the one out of two left and he tried to do his best to make sure that we were protected and looked after. But you know, he was going through the same grieving process as well.” A few years after Diana’s death, Charles made his long-term relationship with Camilla Parker Bowles public. In 2005, the pair got married — a union Harry said he supported at the time. Later, during an interview for his 21st birthday in September 2005, Harry expressed his gratitude for Camilla’s role in his father’s life and claimed that both he and his brother “love her to bits”. “She's a wonderful woman and she's made our father very, very happy, which is the most important thing,” he said, adding: “Look at the position she's come into. Don't always feel sorry for me and William, feel sorry for her. We are grateful for her… we're very happy to have her around.” He then quipped: “To be honest, she's always been very close to me and William. But no, she's not the wicked stepmother, I'll say that right now.” However, in his memoir, the Prince supposedly recounts his first meeting with Camilla and compares it to avoiding pain while getting an injection. According to leaked excerpts, Harry admits to wondering whether the now Queen Consort would be his “wicked stepmother” one day and was aware of Camilla’s position as the “other woman”. He allegedly claims he and William “begged” Charles not to remarry. Despite his alleged opposition to his father’s relationship, Charles and Harry appeared to maintain a close relationship. The King supported his son in his military career; he presented Harry with a flying badge at the Museum of Army Flying on May 7, 2010. In 2017, Harry guest-edited The Today programme on BBC Radio 4, where he interviewed his father — affectionately calling him ‘Pa’. During the interview, the Prince revealed how he valued his father's opinion saying: “I do end up picking your brains more now than I ever have done.” That same year, royal author Robert Jobson claimed the pair had a particularly tight bond, telling True Royalty TV's The Royal Beat that Charles “was closer to Harry” than William. It was also in 2017 that Harry got engaged to Meghan Markle — an American actress who he had been dating for just over a year. In the lead-up to the wedding, the news broke that Meghan’s father, Thomas Markle, would not attend the ceremony — or walk her down the aisle — after he was accused of staging paparazzi photos for profit. As a result, the couple asked Charles to step in. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry breaks cover to go on dog walk after William attack claim [REVEAL]Inside 'Nott Cott' kitchen where Harry claims William 'attacked him' [INSIGHT]This Morning row erupts over Royal Family's 'dignified silence' [ANALYSIS] “I asked him to and I think he knew it was coming and he immediately said: ‘Yes, of course. I’ll do whatever Meghan needs and I’m here to support you,’” Harry revealed in the BBC One documentary Prince, Son and Heir: Charles at 70 in November 2018. “For him, that’s a fantastic opportunity to step up and be that support. He’s our father, so of course, he’s gonna be there for us. I was very grateful for him to be able to do that.”  The wedding took place just weeks before a special Buckingham Palace garden party was held to mark Charles' 70th birthday, an occasion that also marked Harry and Meghan’s first official engagement as a married couple. There, Duke made a touching speech, saying: “His enthusiasm and energy are truly infectious; it has certainly inspired William and I to get involved in issues we care passionately about and to do whatever we can to make a difference. In fact, many of the issues William and I now work on are subjects we were introduced to by our father growing up.” However, Harry’s relationship with his father took a turn for the worse after the Sussexes announced their intention to step back from royal duties. In January 2020, a summit was held at Sandringham — the Royal Family’s Norfolk estate — between the late Queen Elizabeth II, then-Prince Charles, Prince William, and Prince Harry. It marked the first time the four senior royals had all been together since November 2019. Speaking during their Netflix series, Harry said he and Meghan were offered five options, ranging from “all in, no change,” to “all out”. When they asked to choose something in-between, their choice was rejected and, according to the Prince, his family did not seem willing to compromise. “It became very clear very quickly that that goal was not up for discussion or debate,” he said. “It was terrifying to have my brother scream and shout at me, and my father say things that simply weren't true and my grandmother quietly sit there and sort of take it all in.” Neither William nor Charles have addressed Harry’s claims about the meeting. In March 2020, Harry and Meghan carried out their final round of royal engagements before leaving the UK and relocating overseas. A year later, the couple sat down for their tell-all with Oprah Winfrey, during which Harry claimed his father stopped taking his calls shortly before his “step back”. “My family literally cut me off financially, and I [needed to be able to] afford security for us,” the Duke of Sussex alleged in the bombshell CBS interview. “[I was cut off] in the first quarter of 2020. But I’ve got what my mum left me and without that, we would not have been able to do this. I will always love him [Charles], but there’s a lot of hurt that’s happened. And I will continue to make it one of my priorities to try and heal that relationship.” The father and son reunited at Prince Philip's funeral a month later — on April 17, 2021. However, according to reports, tensions between the royals still remained.  Similarly, when the couple visited the UK for the Platinum Jubilee in June 2022, they attended the same events as Charles but they were not pictured together or seen interacting. Harry and Meghan jetted back to the US before the celebrations came to an end. In September, following the death of Queen Elizabeth II and the accession of King Charles III, Harry and Meghan reunited with the Royal Family. In his first speech as monarch, Charles mentioned his “love for Harry and Meghan”. It was reported at the time that the King saw “flickers of hope” for a reconciliation between him and his son. However, in the months since the funeral, Harry and Meghan have dropped further bombshells on the Royal Family, first in the form of media interviews, then a six-part Netflix series, and now the Prince’s memoir. During the documentary, Harry alleged hat his father’s team was involved in leaking his and Meghan’s plans to leave their royal roles. “It became clear that the institution leaked the fact that we were going to be moving back to Canada,” he claimed. “And the key piece of that story that made me aware that the contents of the letter between me and my father had been leaked was that we were willing to relinquish our Sussex titles. That was the giveaway.” “I’ve had to make peace with the fact that we’re probably never gonna get genuine accountability or a genuine apology. My wife and I, we’re moving on. We’re focused on what’s coming next,” Harry said. “There’s times when I’ve been angry, but I can’t be that angry because I genuinely feel that we are exactly where we’re supposed to be. We’ve made it to the other side.”