A deputy police officer has been served a 100-year prison sentence after allowing his wife to use his semen in cake batter. Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office Deputy Dennis Perkins, 46, from Louisiana, US, pleaded guilty to 150 crimes on Tuesday, including putting his semen into cup cakes which his teacher wife, Cynthia, 37, gave to her Westside Junior High School pupils. The teacher was sentenced to 41 years in prison in February after she pleaded guilty to her role in her husband's sickening crimes, which included producing child abuse images. She agreed to testify against her husband as part of her sentencing. The police officer, who was first arrested in 2019, told journalists as he left the court: "I just want to make this statement. Jesus Christ has forgiven me. "And I'm grateful for that. And, I hope and pray that anybody that this affected will also find forgiveness and healing through Jesus Christ." Perkins cried on multiple occasions during his court appearance, according to reports. READ MORE: Man chews victim's face and ear off in gruesome attack, claiming he was a 'robot' One of his victims issued a statement at the hearing admitting: "You're absolutely not worth my time. Instead of protecting, you chose abuse. Have a nice life in prison." She said she hoped he would spend most of his days in prison living in fear. A father of a student who ate the semen cupcakes admitted he is depressed and has not been able to find a job since the horrific incident. Whilst another parent and student have been deeply affected by the contaminated cupcake incident. DON'T MISSBiden clamps down on border crossings as pressure mounts [REPORT]California storm set to bring misery to state in coming days [LATEST]New details emerge about suspected Idaho killer [INSIGHT] The former cop entered the plea to one count of second-degree rape, two counts of sexual battery of a child, one count of video voyeurism, two counts of production of child porn involving children under age 13 and one count of mingling of harmful substances. Prosecutors said the plea agreement was so his youngest victims would not have to suffer the ordeal of testifying as they met with each victim to get their approval of the plea deal. Ms Perkins stepped down from her teaching position after the arrest, filed for divorce and claimed her husband had manipulated her to carry out the crimes. She could have originally faced 72 years in prison, but was sentenced to 41 years in February. READ MORE: Idaho murders timeline: Bone-chilling affidavit details 13-minute attack on students Authorities allegedly told parents at the time that they were trying to determine if, or how many, students may have eaten the baked goods. Police said Mr Perkins threw his cell phone off a bridge just before he was arrested in an alleged attempt to destroy evidence. Following his arrest, his boss Sheriff Jason Ard issued a statement saying: “It is a sad day for us, for all law enforcement officers, when you arrest one of your own. “I do not condone these alleged acts. I am disappointed. “I have always considered Denny a friend and a family member.” Ms Perkins had taught English language arts at Westside Junior High School since 2016. Prior to that, she worked at North Live Oak Elementary and Live Oak Middle School for four years.