 Emmerdale's Moira Barton and Amy Wyatt are played by Natalie J Robb and Natalie Anne Jamieson respectively on the ITV soap. The actresses have been in many scenes with Kyle Winchester star Huey Quinn as his intense storyline unfolds. While both have praised Huey's acting abilities, they also highlighted an issue with the child actor.    Emmerdale fans will know Cain Dingle (played by Jeff Hordley) is facing a lengthy prison sentence for Al Chapman's (Michael Wildman) murder. However, the real killer was actually his 10-year-old son Kyle who has been struggling to hide his guilt. Cain has taken the fall for his son's crime to protect him - but it looks as though his efforts might not pay off. Kyle has been involved in some hard-hitting scenes for months, and both actresses spoke about the actor's talents in a recent interview. READ MORE: Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again  “Huey has been amazing. He’s been so good," Natalie Anne told The Mirror. “When they first gave him the storyline, he had a bit of tuition to help him ease into moving from doing what the children usually do, which is popping in and out, to having something big that was demanding a lot from him." She said Huey eased into the role "so well" that he now tells her and Natalie what to do. Moira star Natalie interjected to share Huey's "really annoying" habit of learning her and Amy's dialogue in the script as well as his own.  Natalie said: "He always knows our lines as well, it’s really annoying. And, because he’s grown up around [acting] now he genuinely does have a love for it. "Huey watches them line the shots and watches the camera lenses and he's like, 'That's a good shot'. "So he’s getting an eye for it in different ways, which is really lovely to see." Amy star Natalie added: "He knows where the cameras are, so he knows when he has to be serious and when he can be a little bit naughty." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Rhona forced to make huge decision on April's future [LATEST]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Cathy Hope lie in Bob DNA twist [THEORY]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb Miligan's true identity in Al twist [SPOILER]  On Monday's emotional instalment of Emmerdale, Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) paid Kyle a visit. During their heart-to-heart, she put her anger aside and told Kyle she knew he did not mean to kill her lover Al. "It was an accident, I picked up the gun and I didn't mean to make it go off. Honest aunty Chas, it's the truth", Kyle pleaded. "I'm so sorry, I bet you hate me now don't you," he sobbed.    Chas tried to calm Kyle down and said: "It wasn't just down to you, it might seem that way but it doesn't mean that you're the one to blame. 