But as Harry’s revelations have become more aggressive, more cruel I now think that the silence is making them look weak and stupid. It’s like they’re saying to his man trotting out his stories “Go on, kick us in the guts some more. Humiliate us again, why don’t you.” Does the family not see that its silence, its acquiescence in taking every one of Harry’s brickbats without reaction actually gives him the green light to keep throwing more? This is why the family’s “least said soonest mended approach” is backfiring on them spectacularly. And now there’s talk that the summit Harry demanded take place before the Coronation (who the hell is he to demand anything?) where he wants his family to apologise and be accountable for their sins, whatever they might be, could actually happen. Is this for real? Why would anyone in the royal family want reconciliation with a man who has treated them all like dog dirt, who has trampled on their feelings, their reputations, the institution they represent all the while screaming how hurt he is without ever stopping to think how hurt the people he’s trashing might be. Harry is now so far up his own backside he believes he’s 100 percent right about everything and to blame for nothing. He calls for accountability from his family. But where’s his accountability for betraying them in this terrible, treacherous way? And just what have the royal family got to apologise for – for Harry’s privileged and gilded life? For the fact, he’s a Prince. For the fact that his brother, the man born to be King, appeared to get more attention than he did growing up? Does the family imagine that if it apologises en masse, if it grovels to Harry, that he will accept it and that will shut him up. Because if they do they’re living in La La land. We’ve seen this week how he and Meghan treat apologies – with utter disdain. They seem to use them as weapons to say “Look we were right.” Jeremy Clarkson wrote what many would see as a grovelling and heartfelt apology after a piece he’d penned about Meghan. For the couple, it was just grist to their self-righteous mill. And now Amazon has reportedly “cancelled” Clarkson and all the work he does for them presumably to placate this pair.  So let’s get this right – any journalist who writes a column Harry and Meghan don’t like and that attacks them must be cancelled. Yes, what Clarkson wrote about Meghan was wrong but he’s apologised – twice now. Should he really lose his journalistic career because he wrote something distasteful? Because if the answer to that is yes, then surely Harry should be cancelled too because of all the cruel, spiteful stuff he’s said about his family in a book that’s selling around the world. And now I think he’s actually trying to “emotionally blackmail” his family by claiming he has a further 400 pages of material to publish – stuff he didn’t put in Spare because as he told one interviewer: “I don’t think [Charles and William] would ever forgive me.” What, so he’s giving them both advance warning that if they don’t apologise to him, that if they don’t play ball, he’ll come at them again all guns blazing? Not only is Harry delusional, but he also appears to me to have developed a god complex I think he now believes he can destroy people at will if they refuse to acquiesce to his demands – especially those in his own family Why the hell would the royals want to make peace with a man like that, a man who seems to be revelling in the fact that he’s standing over them with the sword of Damocles saying: “If you don’t do what I want, I will destroy you.”  If Harry’s brought back into the royal fold I think he will wreak even more havoc because I think currently he’s drunk on his own power. He’s revelling in it. He believes no one and nothing can stand in the way of his “truth”. And that kind of power in the hands of a not terribly bright man is terrifying. If The King thinks that his silence is helping to protect and preserve the monarchy I think he’s wrong. If he thinks sitting atop the moral high ground and not hitting back is the right strategy – he’s wrong. I truly believe the British people will never forgive him if he forgives Harry and brings him back. Because having seen the man he is – they don’t want him here any more. They believe his cruelty, his toxicity, his treachery have no place in the royal family. Already older monarchists are beginning to question the silence from Buckingham Palace saying what on earth is wrong with these people for taking all this. As for younger people – they don’t have any real history with the royal family, they haven’t followed them down the years as the older generations have and it's likely they’re going to believe Harry when he whines: “I’m the victim here” unless they hear the other side to the story. But so far, there’s only one side of the story in the public domain – and it’s Harry’s. So the silence must end. Because if the family doesn’t hit back there’s another lorryload of revelations coming its way in Spare 2 at the end of which their reputations will be in the gutter. The family needs to refute accusations that they froze out Meghan, that she wasn’t welcomed. They need to deal with the racism claims. They need to play the victim card in exactly the way Harry has because I believe they truly are the victims here. They should say that Meghan came into the royal family believing that she was going to be a global celebrity campaigner which couldn’t ever have happened. As for William, he should tell his truth about his brother Harry. About how sad he is that even after years of therapy he can harbour such anger, such toxicity. He needs to vigorously challenge everything the Sussex’s have said although not in a vindictive way but in a way where Harry has to be accountable because currently, he’s accountable for nothing. William must challenge Harry’s version of the truth because without challenge it will go down in history as the truth. And I think that will ultimately destroy the Monarchy. Do King Charles and Prince William really want to sit by being noble and dignified while that happens in front of their eyes? If not – they need to act. Now!