Tottenham are set to travel to Preston in the fourth round of the FA Cup on Saturday night after overcoming Portsmouth in the third round courtesy of a 1-0 victory in north London earlier this month. Harry Kane will be hoping to lead the frontline once again, despite battling with an illness this week, as attempts to break Jimmy Greaves’ Spurs goalscoring record. And Express Sport takes a look at how the Lilywhites could line-up at Deepdale Stadium. Goalkeeper - Forster Fraser Forster came in to replace regular goalkeeper Hugo Lloris against Portsmouth and will be once again hoping for another rare outing against Preston. The former England ace joined Spurs from Southampton last summer but has only made three appearances for his current employers. Defence - Tanganga, Sanchez, Lenglet Tottenham have a week until they play another Premier League match after their encounter with Preston, which means manager Antonio Conte won’t necessarily feel compelled to ring the changes and rest players. But the likes of Japhet Tanganga, Davinson Sanchez and Clement Lenglet will all be chomping at the bit to get some gametime. Lenglet has been in and out of the team this season since joining on loan from Barcelona last summer and was an unused substitute on Monday night when Spurs defeated Fulham in the Premier League. Tanganga and Sanchez, meanwhile, have started just 10 matches between them in all competitions this term but could start in Lancashire. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE     Midfield - Doherty, Sarr, Bentancur, Sessegnon Conte regularly rotates his wing-backs, which means Matt Doherty and Ryan Sessegnon could come into the team in place of Emerson Royal and Ivan Perisic, who started against Fulham last time out. Pape Matar Sarr is another player who was drafted into the Spurs side against Portsmouth as he completed his first 90 minutes of the campaign. And the 20-year-old Senegal international could come back in to partner Rodrigo Bentancur against their Championship opponents. DON'T MISSChelsea receive final answer from Arsenal target Amadou Onana on January transfer dealEverton fans dig up old Anthony Gordon tweet on Leighton Baines after third training snubNewcastle 'had discreet swap bid rejected' by Everton during Anthony Gordon transfer talks   Forwards - Kulusevski, Kane, Richarlison Conte will be looking for improvements from his frontline after watching his side find the back of the net just twice in their last three matches. Kane was responsible for both of those strikes as his winner against Fulham drew him level with Greaves at the top of Tottenham’s all-time scoring charts with 266 goals for the club. The England captain will be hoping for another run-out on Saturday and could be flanked by Richarlison, who hasn’t started since injuring himself for Brazil at the World Cup, and Dejan Kulusevski. 