Newcastle have been urged to sign two players from Tottenham before the transfer window closes, including Harry Kane, though they will have significant competition for the England captain’s signature. The 29-year-old striker has just 18 months left on his contract in north London and has been linked with a move away from the club in the summer. Kane has poured cold water on rumours taking him away from Tottenham, but Manchester United and Bayern Munich specifically have an interest in signing him this summer. Newcastle boss Eddie Howe has spoken of the need for further reinforcements up front being necessary following Chris Wood’s departure to Nottingham Forest, while Kane would certainly become the face of Newcastle’s project. Magpies icon Nobby Solano has insisted he would love to see Kane move to St James’ Park before the transfer window closes, while naming his Spurs team-mate Son Heung-min as the second player he would like to see move to Newcastle this month. When asked what signings he would like to see completed before the January window closes, Solano told William Hill: “I’ve got two! I’ve been watching a little bit and would love to see Harry Kane and Heung-min Son in black and white. "Somebody told me Newcastle had unlimited cash! If they signed him [Harry Kane], they’d definitely finish in the Champions League. He’s still quite young at 29, and he’s just a phenomenal player. “I think Newcastle will finish in the Europa League places”, he said. “It’s more important for them to win a trophy – the fans are desperate for any piece of silverware. They’ve now got a wonderful opportunity to win the League Cup, so Eddie [Howe] will have everyone – including myself – supporting them. I think the fans deserve it, they’re lovely people! DON'T MISSNewcastle 'put Saint-Maximin up for sale' as swap proposal comes to lightMan Utd chiefs think Erik ten Hag has signed his very own Jack GrealishArsenal boss Arteta explains plan for third signing after Trossard and Kiwior “I’ve been following Eddie since when he was at Bournemouth. I thought when he originally took the Newcastle job that it would be hard and difficult. It’s not an easy job, but he’s been ‘so far, so good’. “You can tell the players respect him and that he’s pulling the team together to work really hard. Newcastle are now a really hard team to beat. Now that the club is a bit more stable, you’d think he will be given some time. I think he’s doing a great job and that the fans love him. If he continues what he’s doing now, then Newcastle should have a manager for a long period.” Spurs gazumping Everton to the loan signing of Villarreal winger Arnaut Danjuma may open the door for Son to leave in the near future amid a disappointing season for the South Korean star, though it would be unlikely to see Spurs strengthening a direct competitor by allowing both Kane and Son to make the move to Newcastle.