Prince Andrew noted during an interview that his daughter Princess Eugenie had a higher number of guests at her wedding than the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. This thinly-veiled dig was made by the Duke of York in the run-up to his daughter's nuptials with Jack, celebrated in October 2018. In a pre-recorded interview with ITV's Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes, the father of the bride said: "It will not be the same as the previous one that was held in May. This is not a public wedding, this is meant to be a family wedding. "There'll be a few more people than most people have. There are a few more than Harry had, but that's just the nature of Eugenie and Jack - they've got so many friends that they need a church of that size to fit them all in." This slight is particularly curious as Eugenie is known to be a close friend of Harry. The two royal cousins were often spotted hanging out together, and Eugenie also played a role in one of the Duke of Sussex's most important relationships as she introduced him to his ex-girlfriend Cressida Bonas. Jack and Eugenie also became close friends with Meghan, and famously headed to a Halloween party with the Sussexes in Canada the night before the Sunday Express revealed Harry was dating the then actress. Eugenie is also the only member of the Royal Family known to have travelled to California over the past two years to visit Harry and Meghan. As noted by Andrew in his interview, Meghan and Harry tied the knot at St George's Chapel on May 19 2018. Their televised ceremony was watched by millions around the world and attended by some 600 people - including Hollywood A-listers, friends of the bride, childhood friends of the groom and members of the Firm. READ MORE: King Charles asked Archbishop for a deal allowing Harry and Meghan to attend Coronation Eugenie and Jack's wedding, also televised and celebrated five months later at the same location, saw more than 850 people in attendance - despite the chapel having room for 800 guests. In his interview, Andrew also said his mother the Queen had decided Eugenie's nuptials would take place in Windsor. Speaking about his second daughter, the Duke of York added: "She’s a chip off the old block. She’s a little like her father. She’s quite decisive, but she’s got a huge heart and Jack is an extraordinary young man, one of the kindest hearts I think I know. "I think he’s met his match with Eugenie. It’s a good match together, but it’s wonderful watching them interact together, because it’s almost as if they’re a married couple now. "I have huge hopes and I’m sure they will be massively in love for the rest of their lives and I’m incredibly proud of both of them. I’m sure that she will be an absolutely outstanding bride." In February 2021, the couple welcomed their first son, August Philip Hawke, who was christened a few months later alongside his second cousin Lucas Tindall - the youngest child of Mike and Zara Tindall. Earlier this month, Eugenie announced via her Instagram account she was expecting her second child. She shared the happy news with a picture taken by her husband showing little August kissing her belly. Buckingham Palace also said in a statement: "Princess Eugenie and Mr Jack Brooksbank are pleased to announce they are expecting their second child this summer. "The family are delighted and August is very much looking forward to being a big brother."