Borussia Dortmund will soon learn Jude Bellingham's decision on his future after 'summoning' the England midfielder to a meeting in early 2023. The Bundesliga giants are taking the same steps as they did with Erling Haaland ahead of their latest blockbuster cash-in. Bellingham is expected to be at the centre of the summer's biggest transfer battle, with a host of European powerhouses preparing to make their move. Real Madrid join Chelsea, Liverpool and Manchester City as frontrunners for the 19-year-old's signature, and he will soon inform Dortmund of his intentions. According to AS, the Westfalenstadion club will host crunch talks this week to straighten out Bellingham's plans and discover whether he intends to sign a new contract or leave this summer. Dortmund want the meeting to occur before Edin Terzic takes his squad to Marbella for a warm-weather training camp on January 6. Those set to be present include Bellingham's father and agent, Mark, family friend and advisor, Mark Bennett, Dortmund CEO Joaquim Watzke and sporting director, Sebastian Kehl. The starlet's camp is said to have an 'excellent' relationship with BVB, but the club considers him as good as gone and believe there is just a five per cent chance he remains beyond this season. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte tipped for Levy talks amid worries  The report adds that Dortmund have already set their asking price worth a potential £129million, drawing a substantial profit from the £22m they paid Birmingham City to recruit Bellingham as a 16-year-old in 2020. It is understood that Real Madrid are the best-placed suitor to sign Bellingham this summer after the European champions sounded out his interest in a potential switch. Bellingham would reportedly prefer to experience playing in another overseas country before returning to England in the Premier League. However, Liverpool have been earmarked as the biggest threat to Real's pursuit after contacting Dortmund 'months ago'. READ MORE: Pochettino verdict on Tottenham return as pressure on Conte rises  Liverpool have previously been touted as favourites to secure Bellingham's services, and it could become a two-horse race once his future plans become clear. Given the timing of the meeting, there could be a significant development in a matter of days. For now, Bellingham will undoubtedly be focused on finishing the season, and potentially his Dortmund career, strongly. He will also be laser-focused on further cementing his status as an England regular ahead of Euro 2024, with qualifying games on the horizon. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here