Multiple Russian armoured vehicles were blown up in a series of devastating Ukrainian strikes as Vladimir Putin continues to struggle to make gains in his war. Ukraine's armed forces released footage of the precision strikes which used anti-tank guided missiles to obliterate several Russian tanks trying to make advances in the Donetsk region. Forces from Ukraine's 72nd Mechanized Brigade targeted the Russian tanks south of the city of Pavlivka in a humiliating failure for President Putin's men. At least four tanks were filmed being wiped out during the ambush. A separate clip from the same strikes saw a Russian BMP-3 tank become engulfed in flames as it rushed to make it to a treeline in its advance. Clips showed several burning tanks which had littered the frontline in Pavlivka after Russian troops were forced to retreat. Despite throwing tanks and men at the battle to take Pavlivka, current reports suggest Russian forces have yet to enter the city itself with most of the fighting still stuck on the outskirts. JUST IN: Putin could instigate 'World War Three' if UK fails to act  The Armed Forces of Ukraine (AFU) later confirmed that it had repelled several Russian attacks across 11 settlements in the Luhansk and Donetsk regions on Thursday. The push coincided with a massive barrage of Russian missile attacks across Ukraine which killed at least 11 people. However, much to President Putin's frustration, all Russian kamikaze drones were shot down while 47 of the 70 rockets were also downed. The latest stalled offensive comes just days after Russian armed forces declared that it had launched a new push in the Zaporizhzhia region.  Despite the claim, the Ukrainian soldiers insist that the frontline has remained frozen. Today Ukraine’s army claims to have killed 109 Russian soldiers and wounded a further 188 in one day’s battle around the village of Vuhledar in the eastern Donetsk oblast. Serhii Cherevatyi, a spokesperson for the eastern operational command of the Ukrainian armed forces, said the bloody death toll was recorded on Thursday. DON'T MISS: Kay Burley's live broadcast abruptly interrupted by Russian missiles [VIDEO]Even Conservative voters think Zahawi should quit over tax scandal [POLL]Hunt has gone from Christmas tax Grinch to beacon of Brexit hope [COMMENT]  It is widely understood that President Putin is preparing to launch a fresh offensive in Ukraine in the spring or early summer. An assessment from the Institute for the Study of War (ISW) - one of the world's leading military think tanks - claimed that Russian troops are regrouping in preparation for a "big offensive" in the eastern Donetsk and Luhansk Oblasts. The expected offensive in the spring prompted Western countries to supply Ukraine with much-needed tanks. Earlier this week, the US announced plans to send 31 powerful battle tanks to Ukraine, joining Germany in sending the vehicles to support the fight against Russia's invasion. The decision to deliver the M1 Abrams tanks was announced just hours after Germany said it would send 14 of its Leopard 2 tanks to the battlefield. This morning, Poland announced that it will send additional 60 tanks to Ukraine on top of the 14 German-made Leopard 2 tanks it has already pledged Ukraine has long claimed that the tanks could help deter a potential Russian offensive. Meanwhile, President Putin's spokesman condemned the moves as a "blatant provocation". They said any supplied tanks would be destroyed, adding: "These tanks burn like all the rest. They are just very expensive." 