Prince Harry has been slammed for “embarrassing the UK” amid the release of his memoir, Spare. Businessman Adam Brooks was in conversation with GB News host Dan Wootton where he was asked about the comments made by the Duke of Sussex about the British press.  Mr Brooks said: “That's the media job, I clash very heavily with parts of the media doing covid and the misrepresentation of certain things, the hiding of other things, but at the end of the day he has written this he said this in his audiobook. “You can't deny it. “So it's astonishing to me, and what gets to me is that he is gone from a really likable almost relatable royal, brave army soldier to suddenly a wingy crybaby. “Every time he comes on, I actually want to turn him off. It's quite a strong word, but I think I hate Harry for what he is doing to the UK.   “He is not just embarrassing the Royal Family and himself. He is embarrassing the UK. “He is, and he is actually trying to destroy the reputation of the current king and the future king.” Nile Gardiner, a Royal Family enthusiast and Washington-based foreign policy analyst, also agreed with Mr Brooks and tweeted: “Well said” The Duke of Sussex was yesteday in conversation with Stephen Colbert on The Late Show. READ MORE: Kate looks downcast as she's seen for first time since Spare release  In one of the clips, the 38-year-old asked if there are any “veterans” in the house, as he began to talk about his life in Afghanistan. He went on to claim the press has pushed “lies” that have been spread through some of the book's leaks. The father-of-two claimed: “Without a doubt, the most dangerous lie that they have told, is that I somehow boasted about the number of people I killed in Afghanistan.” He added that his "words are not dangerous” but the spin on his “words are very dangerous”. DON'T MISS:Boris asks Tories to fight ‘for a low tax global Britain’ [SPOTLIGHT]Prince Harry ‘hold hands’ with CBS host Stephen Colbert [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak’s plan for Brexit freedoms could trigger science fund boom [REVEAL] Mr Colbert expressed his thoughts after reading that section in the book, saying he believed that “it was a very thoughtful description of what that knowledge is like to have, and the experience is that you know you have done this in order to protect what you believe". He added: "There is nothing boastful about it.” Harry replied: “If I heard anyone boasting about that, I would be angry. “But it’s a lie and I hope, as the book is out, people may see the context. It’s really troubling and disturbing that they can get away with it.” The Duke of Sussex went on to explain the reason behind sharing the sensitive information about his time in Afghanistan. He said: “I made a choice to share because nearly spending two decades working with veterans all around the world, I think the most important thing is, to be honest, and give some space to others, to be able to share their experiences without any shame. "My whole goal with sharing that detail is to reduce the number of suicides.” Express.co.uk has approached the Duke of Sussex for comment. 