Former F1 driver Giancarlo Fisichella has revealed Michael Schumacher didn’t sweat after finishing gruelling races. The ex-Ferrari driver and three-time race winner also admitted he regretted not working alongside Schumacher during his f1 career. He told La Gazzetta dello Sport: “Unfortunately, I've never raced in the same team, it would have been useful to see his telemetry. But we shared so many great moments at races and with the drivers' national team. “Sometimes he would get out of the car or finish a football match and he didn't even seem to have sweated." Schumacher was the leading man at Ferrari in the mid-noughties as Fisichella plied his trade at Jordan and Renault. His most successful season came in 2006 when he achieved fourth in the Drivers' Championship with five podiums. READ MORE: Sebastian Vettel leaves F1 fans 'crying' with Michael Schumacher photo The Italian was handed a chance at the Scuderia after Felipe Massa sustained a season-ending injury at the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix. Schumacher had been touted to make a return but was forced away from the grid after an injury he picked up in a motorcycle crash. Luca Badoer was promoted to a full-time seat but Fisichella replaced him after securing a shock pole for Force India at the Belgian Grand Prix. Despite never working alongside Schumacher, Fisichella has immense praise for the one Ferrari and Mercedes star. Fisichella even touched on Schumacher’s horrifying sky crash back in 2013 which left him with serious brain injuries. He was airlifted to the Grenoble Hospital for emergency surgery and was placed in a coma. DON'T MISSEvery word Mick Schumacher has said about dad Michael's health  [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton has key advantage over 'dirty' Schumacher and Senna [COMMENT]Daniel Ricciardo details private chat with Michael Schumacher [ANALYSIS] He woke up in 2014 and then returned to his home in Switzerland to continue his recuperation. However, Schumacher has not been spotted in public since as his family try to protect the F1 legend’s privacy. Fisichella told RAI Italy: “He was a great football fan and we regularly kicked a ball together. As a colleague, he was an incredible opponent, and he rewrote the history of Formula One. "Having raced with him, he has given me so much, and the few times I came in front made me even more proud because he is a great champion. It is a cruel fate that someone who as a race so often risked his life is badly injured while skiing."