Manchester United want to keep hold of Marcus Rashford. That’s something Erik ten Hag has confirmed both publicly and privately, with the England international’s contract due to expire next year. However, the Glazers and their questionable hirings of Jose Mourinho, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick means there’s no guarantee the 25-year-old will sign on the dotted line. Speaking ahead of United’s Carabao Cup semi-final clash with Nottingham Forest on Wednesday night, Ten Hag confirmed he was hoping Rashford would prolong his journey with his boyhood club. “I would say this is the best place to be because we want to construct the best team, firstly in England, then in Europe and the rest of the world,” said the Dutchman. And he added: “Talks between clubs and players are confidential. I think he understands Manchester United is his club. “But in this environment and this team I think he is playing his best football. He is improving, and that is about him because he is working on the good things and he gives 100 per cent energy and he has a good plan. “In this team, he can bring in his qualities. This team can help him be in the right positions to score goals. “This team is constructed so that his qualities come in front, so I think he knows that he is important for us and if we want to get the success we want, we need him.” Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Rashford, though, needs to know 100 per cent that United is the place to be. And the brutal fact of the matter is that years of the Glazers’ poor decisions has made Old Trafford a shadow of its old self. Of course, United are on an upwards trajectory under Ten Hag these days. No trophy has been won yet, however, and Sunday’s 3-2 defeat to Arsenal shows there’s plenty of work to do. Paris Saint-Germain can offer Rashford guaranteed trophies. They win Ligue 1 virtually every year by default, while they’re always serious contenders for the Champions League. Rashford can certainly be forgiven for pondering his United future given the way the club has regressed in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s emotional retirement in 2013. Before Ten Hag his best football came when Louis van Gaal ruled the roost, even if the Dutchman was past his prime at club level by that point. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Rashford netted eight goals in 18 appearances during the 2015/2016 campaign, which ended with FA Cup glory following a 2-1 victory over Crystal Palace at Wembley. Yet after Van Gaal, in came Mourinho. Mourinho guided United to EFL Cup and Europa League glory in his first season in charge, with those trophies remain the last two to be won by the club. But he was never the right manager for Rashford, with the Portuguese far too critical and offensively-limited to help the forward realise his potential. United’s boy wonder often struggled to start games under Mourinho, with Anthony Martial also in that category. And Rashford, upon signing his last extension back in 2019, aimed a thinly-veiled dig at Mourinho following the appointment of Solskjaer. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "It's so clear to see the difference in terms of intensity, especially without the ball,” he said. "That's where we've taken a lot of strides forward. "It definitely feels different. For starters, physically we're at a much better position than we were this time last year, going into the season. "We're already three or four steps ahead of where we were last season, and now it's about putting the fundamentals down about how we're going to play." Solskjaer was a popular manager at United throughout most of his Old Trafford reign. Yet he was tactically limited and this again hindered Rashford, who never played with the same sort of clarity as now. United arguably wasted three years with the Norwegian in charge, failing to win a trophy and never looking like serious contenders for the Premier League title. And then there was Rangnick, arguably the worst-ever manager in United’s entire history. The decision to hire the German on an interim basis in November 2021 was a dreadful one and Ten Hag inherited a club that had stooped to a new low back in the summer. All three bosses were hired by the Glazers. There has been no Premier League title, or Champions League crown, during those stints. And only now, at the age of 25, is Rashford becoming the player he always had the potential to be. The Glazers’ decision-making means United have fallen further and further behind their rivals. So Rashford, certainly, is wise to take his time when it comes to deciding where to play his football going forward.