WARNING: This article contains spoilers from 1923.1923 is the second prequel series in the Yellowstone franchise following the success of 1883 last year. Episode three, The War is Home, saw the eldest brother John Dutton Snr (played by James Badge Dale) get killed, much to the devastation of his family but how will they cope with the loss? Here's everything there is to know about the cast starring in 1923, episode four. Jacob Dutton is the head of the Dutton household who was seriously injured in the third outing after rival Banner Creighton (Jerome Flynn) started shooting at them. With the death of his son John, Jacob needs to consider what's best for the future of the family. Actor Harrison Ford is best known for playing Indiana Jones in the hit action movies as well as Hans Solo in the Star Wars franchise. In recent years, Ford has been in Blade Runner 2049, The Call of the Wild and The Age of Adaline. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly shut down by rail boss over strike 'celebrity' probe' Jacob's wife Cara went on a rampage following the death of her son, shooting at those responsible. But how is she going to react once the news of his death really sinks in? Award-winning actress Helen Mirren famously portrayed the late Queen Elizabeth II in The Queen in 2006. Some of her other parts have been in Red, Hitchcock, Red, Gosford Park and the Fast and Furious franchise. Banner is the man responsible for John's death after open firing on the Dutton family. Shortly after shooting aggressively at them, Banner drove away but should be on the lookout as the cowboys are bound to be after him. Actor Jerome Flynn is best known for playing Paddy Garvey of the King Fusiliers in ITV's Soldier Soldier. He was also Bronn in Game of Thrones and Bennet Drake in Ripper Street. DON'T MISS...GB News uproar over claims Meghan and Harry ‘milking Diana’s legacy’ [REACTION]Yellowstone's Teeter star admits she was 'bummed' over bunkhouse exit [CAST]Here's a look at the Dutton family in Yellowstone [EXPLAINER] Clive Hoburn is an agent for the Montana Livestock Association in the Yellowstone prequel. He first made an appearance in the premiere episode and will be back for episode four. Actor Bradley Fisher has been in Westworld, Beau is Afraid, Forgotten and Teardrop. Also returning for the first time since episode one is Charles Brewster, a cowboy present when the Montana Livestock Association held a meeting regarding the drought and locusts. Actor Jeff Leaf has been in Bad Country, Dexter and Orange Is the New Black.  Jack is also injured when Banner opens fire on them but thankfully, he is only shot in the shoulder. Actor Darren Mann has been in Giant Little Ones, Embattled and the Netflix series The Chilling Adventures of Sabrina. Other cast members include: Elizabeth Stratford - Michelle Randolph Spencer Dutton - Brandon Sklenar Alexandra - Julia Schlaepfer 1923 continues every Sunday on Paramount+ in the USA and every Monday in the UK.