Mike Tindall has once again stripped down to his swimming trunks and taken in a dip in a freezing cold lake as part of a charitable challenge. Alongside a couple of friends, the late Queen's grandson-in-law took a swim as part of Doddie Aid, a virtual exercise challenge taking place for six weeks from January 1. The aim of the challenge is to raise money and awareness for the My Name's Doddie Foundation, set up in memory of former Scottish rugby star Doddie Weir who died from motor neurone disease last November. In a video posted for Instagram, Mr Tindall says: "Happy new year everyone, the first of January. "It's not that cold, it's a little bit cold. "We're down here at the lake, and it's time for the Doddie Dunk.  "And so, it's that time. Sorry, it's very nipply out here. Should we go in?" He was joined by two friends, with all three men splashing about in the pond and wearing equally tiny budgie smugglers. The clip was captioned with a message encouraging his followers to join him: "Great way to start the year with a little dunk for @doddie_aid #doddieaid2023 before heading to Cheltenham, was a little chilly in there!!! "Now it's time to get the miles in! If you are feeling active head to Doddieaid.com and join team barbarians." READ MORE: Swedish royals mark Golden Jubilee in 2023 The rugby player has taken part in charitable swimming ventures before, having previously launched a limited edition line of briefs to fundraise for a cure for Parkinson's, after his father was diagnosed with the condition. Doddie Weir passed away while Mr Tindall was in Australia filming I'm A Celebrity....Get Me Out Of Here! The managers running his social media accounts posted a tribute to Mr Weir: "We know Mike will be very sad about the passing of Doddie Weir. Someone who meant a lot to him. "On behalf of us all we would like to pass on our condolences to the Weir family."  DON'T MISS:Russian mourners vow to 'crush enemy' after Ukraine's Makiivka strike [LATEST]Jeremy Renner thanks fans and shares selfie after ‘tragic accident’ [CELEB]Frustrated football fan offered £660 after expecting to win £15,000 [REPORT] Doddie Weir was capped 61 times playing rugby for Scotland but was diagnosed with motor neurone disease six years before his death. He passed away from the condition in November 2022 aged 52. 