Just three episodes in and the latest series of Winter Love Island has already seen the contestants' heads turn. The dating show has been known in recent years for couples to get intimate when sharing beds with one another, not leaving anything to the imagination. However, Islander Shaq Muhammed explained he would "bear in mind" his parents would be watching. Over the years, whenever a couple is going strong and seems to have a connection, there is always the iconic line of "doing bits" being thrown into the conversations. It usually comes from the private boy's chats but even the girls have started to get involved in the conversations. Many of the islanders have been vocal about not being bothered about their parents watching, but Shaq has noted it will be a factor in his mind for him. Discussing whether he would be intimate on national TV, Shaq told Express.co.uk: "I just have to bear in mind that my parents are watching and my family are watching. READ MORE: Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz "I'm not gonna rule anything out, I can't say what I am gonna do, what I'm not gonna do, I'm just gonna take each day as it comes. "But yeah, I'm gonna bear in mind that my family are watching and like I said, I won't hold back on the show. I'm just gonna go for it and see what happens." Shaq also admitted he had been given support as well as some "warnings" from his family before entering the South African villa. "Not many pre-warnings, they've been really supportive of me. They've just said to be yourself, don't change and if the right person is there for you then you'll find her. "They just want me to have fun and don't take anything too seriously and just enjoy it. "Enjoy the experience because it's a once-in-a-lifetime experience so I have to just go in there and enjoy it." During the first episode, Shaq was matched up with Tanya but left fans questioning his intentions on Wednesday night. Bombshell Zara Lackenby-Brown entered the villa on Wednesday night, with the model seen having an intimate chat with Shaq in Thursday's preview clip. DON'T MISS...James Martin in tears after 'TV dad’ gives emotional health update [LATEST]Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [WATCH]James May having 'difficult time' following Grand Tour 'axe' [INSIGHT] When she stormed into the villa she decided to take Ron Hall, who is coupled up with Lana, on a date, but has turned her attention to Shaq. In the clip, Zara could be heard saying: "I want a boyfriend, the big B," to which he replied: "You are a stunning girl." The clip sent fans into a frenzy and they immediately took to their Twitter pages to express their anger at what they feel is coming. @idk44455177 theorised: "A ZARA, SHAQ, TANYA LOVE TRIANGLE AND A LANA, RON, ZARA LOVE TRIANGLE?? #LoveIsland!" @hardcard_1 added: "Not gonna lie Shaq and Zara might actually work." @padiopanee fumed: "Shaq was in love with Tanya yesterday and is now tryna get with Zara..." @LongLiveVirgo commented: "ZARA TAKE SHAQ AWAY! Tanya doesn't deserve him." @allabitmad expressed: "If Shaq moves to Zara, I'm worried Tanya will make an embarrassment of herself trying to claim territory. I hope not." (sic) Love Island airs everyday from 9pm on ITV2.