Six-year-old Jeeva Saju and his four-year-old sister Janvi died after being strangled to death while their mother, Anju Ashok, 35, died from suffocation, an inquest has heard. Their father Saju Chelavalel now faces a triple murder charge. The three victims were found at a property in Kettering, Northamptonshire on December 15, sparking an investigation. They were rushed to hospital but died shortly after. Chelavalel, 52, was arrested at the scene and charged with three counts of murder three days later. A post-mortem revealed that all three victims died of asphyxiation, but at the opening of their inquest, the coroner noted that the children were killed by strangulation. Anne Pember, senior coroner for Northamptonshire, said: "I now open the inquest touching upon the death of Anju Ashok, who died at Petherton Court, Kettering, on December 15 last year. "I have a provisional cause of death from Dr Hamilton as asphyxia, pending further tests. I adjourn this inquest until July 6, 2023." Ms Pember that the children's provisional causes of death had been noted as strangulation, pending further tests. Chelavalel appeared in court on December 19 charged with their murders. The suspect, wearing a grey prison uniform, appeared at Wellingborough Magistrates' Court, and spoke only to confirm his name and date of birth. Several days later he appeared at Northampton Crown Court and was remanded in custody ahead of a plea hearing in March. Police previously confirmed that Ms Ashok worked as a nurse at Kettering General Hospital. Following her death, Deborah Needham, chief executive of the hospital, said in a statement: "Yesterday we received the extremely upsetting news that one of our colleagues had died in circumstances being investigated by Northamptonshire Police. "Anju Asok was an internationally trained nurse who joined our KGH family in 2021 and predominantly worked on Barnwell B - one of our Orthopaedic wards. "She was a committed and compassionate staff nurse, who was loved and respected by her dear friends and colleagues. All our thoughts are with her friends and family as they come to terms with this sudden loss."