Through a six-part Netflix series, a tell-all memoir, and a slew of media interviews, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have lifted the lid on life behind Palace walls. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have both given open interviews, telling their side of the globally-known story. But it was the Prince’s book that delivered the toughest blow, with Harry recounting private conversations, offering his version of widely-reported events, and giving insight into the fractured relationships within the Royal Family. Now, a long-time entertainment columnist has claimed more may be expected of Harry and Meghan when it comes to their deals with the likes of Netflix and Spotify, saying the organisations may become “more demanding”. Perez Hilton, a celebrity columnist and media personality, has suggested that companies partnered with the Duke and Duchess may demand more candour and openness from the couple in the future. Appearing on this week’s episode of the To Di For Daily podcast alongside host Kinsey Schofield, Mr Hilton speculated about what’s next for the Sussexes, predicting that “they’re going to continue to release content." He speculated: “I think going forward their partners will be much more demanding and making sure that they don’t release boring content, which I’m sure is what they want to be releasing — boring content, safe content.” “Harry knows the media is a game and he is an active, willing participant that needs to keep feeding the machine,” he continued. “Or else, he won’t be able to keep making the money he wants to make.” He went on to discuss some of the intimate details that Harry offered up in his memoir, mentioning the Prince’s “frostnipped” penis and admission of drug use. But the columnist noted that, while the Duke “delivered a shocking level of candour,” he was not “totally sincere”, referring to Harry not acknowledging the financial side of his commercial pursuits. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan ally calls on pair to 'be aware of line' with Firm or face 'risky spot' “The number one main reason Prince Harry has done everything over the last 12 months is for money,” Mr Hilton claimed. “And he has not once — not a single time — acknowledged that. And it reveals a real sour taste in my mouth.” The columnist continued: “In the wake of that [Oprah Winfrey interview], everything else has just been a money grab,” adding: “That’s fine, I understand he has a family to support and an expensive lifestyle.” “But mission accomplished,” he said. “Over the last two years, they [Harry and Meghan] have made more than enough money to never have to work again. "I know they have really smart business people investing and managing their money for them, so when you make a tonne of money, your money makes you money.” He added: “So hopefully, that will free them up now to live a much more boring royal life. But maybe not because they like being celebrities, clearly.” Amid the fallout surrounding Spare and Harry’s promotional interviews, Meghan has kept a very low profile. She has retreated from the spotlight, with reports suggesting she has been focusing on life in Montecito with her and Harry’s two children — three-year-old Archie and one-year-old Lilibet. It was reported that the Duchess of Sussex may be working on a memoir of her own, but those claims were soon played down and there has been no confirmation that Meghan is planning to put pen to paper. Instead, according to the couple’s biographer, the Sussexes will retreat further out of the spotlight. Omid Scobie, co-author of Finding Freedom discussed what the future holds for Harry and Meghan on BBC Radio 4’s Today programme earlier this month. When asked whether he gets the impression that the Duke and Duchess intend to continue offering insight into the Royal Family, he said he believes the couple “have to be quite careful right now”, explaining that their private life has been thrust into the public forum, resulting in their brand becoming “very much about drama” and a “soap opera”. DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan's home in danger as stars flee Montecito due to storm [REPORT]Expert claims Harry 'begins to have doubts’ when discussing family [INSIGHT]BBC viewers cringe as 'only one person' in queue for Harry's memoir [ANALYSIS] “I think we’re going to see, for the rest of this year, a couple retreating from a lot of what we’ve seen over the last few months,” he said. “They’ve both shared their sides of the story. Harry more in many, many ways, in more ways than we could have ever imagined. "There isn’t really much else to say and so I think we will see a shift in the months ahead. That said, when it comes to talking about reconciliation, that is very difficult after the amount that he has shared in this book.” Harry has insisted that he is optimistic about a possible reconciliation with his family. In his interview with ITV’s Tom Bradby, he said he wants his brother and father “back”, but claimed the ball was in “their court”. Reports have suggested that the Royal Family will hold peace talks with the Sussexes ahead of the Coronation of King Charles III in May. Earlier this month, The Sunday Times reported that a source who “has the King’s ear and who knows the Sussexes well” said they believe a meeting to help Harry and Meghan bridge the gap with the Royal Family will take place. They said: “It’s going to take flexibility on all sides, but it can be done, it’s fixable. It needs Harry over here, in the room with the King and Prince of Wales, a couple of other family members, some of ‘his people’ he trusts who always had his back, so he doesn’t think he’s being ambushed. Someone like Elf [Ed Lane Fox, Harry’s former private secretary] and Christopher [Lord Geidt, the late Queen’s former private secretary who advised the Sussexes]. “Both sides need to hold their hands up and admit we didn’t get everything right, and we got a lot wrong, and we have to say to him ‘we understand the pain you’ve been through’. The King can do it.” However, Mr Scobie has since countered this claim, telling the YouTube channel Common Sense: “I've seen reports saying that there will be some kind of family summit before then for Charles to have these conversations with Harry and Meghan. From what I understand from sources, this is not true at all.” When asked whether the Duke and Duchess will attend the coronation, he said: “I honestly think people don't even know whether Harry and Meghan are going, because I don't think they know whether they are going or not.”