Bruno Tonioli is reportedly set to join the Britain’s Got Talent judging panel after David Walliams quit the ITV show. The Dancing with the Stars judge will return to Saturday night TV after stepping down from his role on BBC’s Strictly Come Dancing due to conflicting schedules.    “Bruno has all the right experience and his famous exuberance will go down a treat,” a source told the Mirror. “He and Simon have long hoped to work together so this has proved the perfect opportunity. Everyone’s very excited.” The former Strictly Come Dancing star is set to start filming auditions for Britain’s Got Talent next week. He will join Simon Cowel, Alesha Dixon and Amanda Holden on the judging panel. Read more: Strictly Come Dancing for members of the public 'in the making'   Bruno will be following in the footsteps of Alesha who joined Simon’s talent show after a stint as a judge on Strictly. She replaced Arlene Phillips after winning the show in 2007. Bruno was a judge on Strictly ever since the series began until Covid travel restrictions prevented him from flying over from the US, where Dancing in the Stars is filmed, in 2020. He was temporarily replaced in 2021 by Anton Du Beke before Bruno confirmed his permanent departure in 2022.    Bruno previously revealed in an interview that he had spoken with Simon about the pair doing a show together. In 2018, he said: “I’ve told him to come up with something new and we’ll think about it. “We have discussed these things for a number of years but it has never come to anything concrete.” The dancer and judge has taken part in ITV shows such as The Masked Dancer and Great British Road Trips with Craig Revel Horwood. DON'T MISSThe Masked Singer viewers 'definitely' know the identity of Knitting [THEORY]Davina McCall's appearance distracts The Masked Singer fans  [VIDEO]The Masked Singer fans 'expose' Jellyfish's identity as Glee star [INSIGHT]  Last year, David stepped down from Britain’s Got Talent after apologising for making vile remarks about two contestants during auditions at the London Palladium in January 2020. In recordings originally obtained by The Sun, David can be heard calling an older contestant a “c**t” three times after they made a joke about them in a comedy routine. In a separate incident he made inappropriate comments about a female contestant. He’s reported to have said: “She’s like the slightly boring girl you meet in the pub that thinks you want to f*** them, but you don’t.”    “I know, she’s just like: ‘Oh, f*** off’” I was saying, she thinks you want to f*** her, but you don’t,” he added. “It’s the last thing on your mind, but she’s like, ‘Yep, I bet you do. No I don’t! I had a bit of a b***r, but now it’s going, it’s now shrivelled up inside my body.” In a statement apologising for his comments, David said:“I would like to apologise to the people I made disrespectful comments about during breaks in filming for Britain’s Got Talent in 2020. “These were private conversations and - like most conversations with friends - were never intended to be shared. Nevertheless, I am sorry.” Britain’s Got Talent returns to ITV later this year.   