Meghan Markle has been warned Americans are turning against her in her in the US because they have had enough of her "endless whining and complaints". Last month, Meghan and her husband Prince Harry - whose new book, Spare, has gone on sale early in Spain - starred in a six-part documentary series on Netflix. It sees the couple spend much of the series complaining about their alleged ill-treatment from the British press and being able to escape the UK for a new life in the US, where they enjoy more "freedom". The Duke and Duchess of Sussex portray a much happier life at their home in Montecito, California, specifically joining the ranks of Hollywood royalty who call Santa Barbara home. Harry and Meghan make several bombshell claims against the Royal Family, but one Washington-based commentator has warned the duchess Americans have grown tired of her. Nile Gardiner, a foreign policy expert, told Express.co.uk: "It is striking Meghan has had very little support from the woke liberal elites who haven't come out in force to defend her. "The scale of Meghan's vanity and arrogance has even put off some of her natural allies on the American left. "This has backfired spectacularly on Meghan and Harry and this is not the hit they were hoping it would be. It has alienated the British people but it has also failed to garner any significant support in America. "The American people are tired of the endless whining and complaints coming from Meghan. She is divorced from the reality of how American people really live. "Americans have no time for her complaints against the British monarchy or complaints of being a victim." Mr Gardiner added the Royal Family remains hugely loved by Americans - a feeling that has steadily grown since the death of Queen Elizabeth II in September. READ MORE: King could punish Harry and Meghan with 'nuclear option' after claims  He added: "The Royal Family is still very popular in the US and Americans do like the British monarchy. "With the passing of the Queen, there was a huge outpouring of grief in America . Every US flag was flown at half mast here for over a week. "They love the Royal Family and Meghan attacking the monarchy is certainly not a popular move here." During the Netflix documentary series, Meghan joked about having to curtsey to the late Queen after Harry recounted the conversation he had with his wife when he first introduced her to Her Majesty. DON'T MISSMeghan Markle has been ‘an agent of destruction’ from the start [COMMENTS]Fears for Harry's security after Taliban claim 'changed risk' [LATEST]Harry reveals William and Kate's reaction to Meghan's pregnancy [REPORT] In one clip, the duke referenced to "institutional gaslighting" before Meghan tells the camera: "I wasn't being thrown to the wolves, I was being fed to the wolves." The duchess opened up about her family's move to the US in 2020, and said: "Our security was being pulled. Everyone in the world knew where we were." Harry added: "I said, 'We need to get out of here'." Harry is seen on board their private jet at 6am on March 14, 2020 and saying: “We are on the freedom flight. We are leaving Canada and we are headed to Los Angeles." In one bombshell claim, Harry alleged Kensington Palace "lied to protect" Prince William when it issued a joint statement in both their names the same day which he claims was without his permission, denying a story his brother had bullied him out of the Royal Family. Harry also claimed his brother left him terrified when he screamed and shouted at him, while the Duke also accused his father King Charles III of saying untrue things when the Queen gathered them together at Sandringham in January 2020 to solve the 'Megxit' crisis. In March 2021, during a bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey, the couple alleged there had been "several conversations" within the Royal Family about the skin tone of their soon-to-be-born baby. Prince William quickly leapt to the defence of the monarchy, and later stressed during a royal engagement: "We are very much not a racist family." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex also accused the Royal Family of ignoring Meghan’s cries for mental health support and had left her feeling suicidal. Buckingham Palace issued a rare public statement, which said the claims were "concerning" and would be "addressed by the family privately".