Meghan Markle gave birth to Lilibet (“Lili”) Diana Mountbatten-Windsor on June 4, 2021. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex named her after Prince Harry's grandmother the late Queen Elizabeth II, whose nickname was Lilibet. According to the Chinese zodiac, Lilibet was born in the year of the Ox. What is written in the stars for the little one in 2023? The Ox is the strongest animal of the 12 Chinese zodiac signs and is known as the "good helper". Those born under the zodiac sign are "diligent, strong, honest and down-to-earth" and they are also known for their dependability and determination, according to the China Highlights. Oxes, like Lilibet, have strong personalities and will have big ambitions in life. They will also achieve their goals, as long as they are patient and put in consistent effort. The zodiac site explained that Oxes "will have a definite plan with detailed steps" and as a result, they will "enjoy great success". READ MORE: Face yoga expert's routine to reduce nasolabial fold lines takes seconds  Oxes can sometimes struggle at "communicating with others" or "exchanging ideas" and they can be stubborn and stick to their own ways. 2021 is the year of the Rabbit but according to the zodiac predictions for the next months, Ox people "will have good luck in this year". Lili will turn two on June 4 and the family is expected to celebrate in Los Angeles, California, where they currently live. In 2021, Meghan and Harry celebrated Lili's first birthday at Frogmore Cottage, in Windsor, with their friends and family as they showed in their Netflix documentary. Meghan Markle was born in the year of the Rooster and those born under the zodiac sign are "observant, hardworking, confident and talented". Roosters are very social, love being surrounded by others and enjoy the spotlight, they are very active and popular and love being the centre of attention. Those who are Roosters, like the Duchess of Sussex, are also chatty, honest and loyal, and according to China Highlights, they should "maintain an optimistic attitude and be prepared to meet various challenges this year". According to the zodiac site, when the coronation of King Charles III is set to take place, in May 2023, the Rosteers' fortunes "will be quite turbulent" but their career luck is likely to improve. READ MORE: Harry should have 'difficult but necessary gesture' to 'avoid another' By the end of May, Rooster's overall fortunes will be "relatively stable" but they should work on "improving interpersonal relationships". According to the zodiac, Prince Harry was born in the year of the Rat, which was 1984. Some of his personality traits include being "quick-witted, resourceful and smart". Rats sometimes "lack courage" but work diligently and are curious, often dealing with tasks skillfully. In May, which is the third month of the lunar calendar, the "overall fortunes for the Rat people will continue to go downhill," the zodiac site explained, and they should "pay attention to personal safety when going out". Luckily, by the end of May, fortunes for Rats will "take on an upward trend". There are 12 signs in the Chinese horoscope represented by different animals and this is decided by the birth year. The animals are the Rat, Ox, Tiger, Rabbit, Dragon, Snake, Horse, Sheep, Monkey, Rooster, Dog and Pig. 2020 was the year of the Rat, 2021 was the Ox, 2022 the Tiger and 2023 is the year of the Rabbit.