The National Grid issued its first two official energy-saving sessions last week to help reduce demand to avert the risk of blackouts, allowing eligible households to knock some money off their energy bill. One Loop customer managed to save £86 during one 90-minute session, while users managed to nearly halve their energy usage on average across the two sessions overall. A million households were able to access Monday and Tuesday’s National Grid Demand Flexibility Service (DFS) events through their suppliers. However, for those whose suppliers weren’t participating, the free energy-saving app Loop opened up the DFS scheme to the UK’s 13.9 million households with a smart meter. Loop revealed its customers who took part in the Turn Down and Save event earned an average of £3.67 on Tuesday’s session, and that on average customers reduced energy usage by 41 percent across the two events. The scheme ran two test events in 2022, but had its first official events this week to reduce demand on the National Grid during peak times following the cold snap. READ MORE: Sunak’s energy discount given to well-off Brits for 'no real reason'  Loop said it also secured a rate of £4.37 per kWh for Tuesday’s session, the highest on offer from participating companies, and saw app users earn an average of £2.69 - more than the average of major energy providers - across the two sessions. Although Tuesday’s event saw higher average earnings of £3.67 when the session ran between 4.30-6pm. Steve Buckley, head of data science at Loop (loop.homes) said: “We have seen some impressive results for app users who took part in our Turn Down and Save events this week, with our biggest saver getting close to the £100 mark in just one session. “With a number of further events expected in the coming weeks, we’d urge everyone with a smart meter to get involved and see what they can earn through reducing their energy usage.” DON'T MISS: Thousands of households can claim an extra £400 towards energy bills [INSIGHT]Avoid daily habit that could be adding 'considerable amounts to bill' [EXPLAINED]Brits fall under one of these seven money personalities, study finds [ANALYSIS]    Mr Buckley continued: “This can be done simply by changing the times you use your appliances. If you have electric heating you could heat up your home ahead of an event, or do your cooking or laundry before or after.” To maximise potential earnings through DFS schemes, Mr Buckley said households should turn off any appliances that aren’t in use and that could be contributing to their “phantom load” while minimising the use of devices that create heat. He explained: “These are the worst offenders when it comes to energy consumption. So, when events are taking place, consider rescheduling your use of things like your tumble dryer, hair dryer, air fryer, slow cooker, dishwasher, or electric oven and hob. READ MORE: State pensioners could be eligible for £475 a year in energy support  “You should avoid charging anything too, most notably electric vehicles, and keep as many lights off as possible.” To get involved in the upcoming National Grid events, Mr Buckley noted that they “must” be signed up by the Thursday ahead of the session. He said: “We’d encourage anyone with a smart meter to sign up now so they can easily opt-in and earn rewards. Once you’ve signed up, you’ll receive an email from Loop 24 hours ahead of each event with instructions to opt-in.”  National Grid published a list of suppliers taking part for domestic customers in the ESO Demand Flexibility Service on its website, and these include: British GasCarbonLacesEDFE.ON NextEquiwattev.energyHugo Energy App (via SMS)Labrador (via Perse Technology Ltd)Loop.homes (via SMS)myenergi (via Orange Power)Octopus EnergyOVO EnergyPower Rewards App (via Orange Power)Shell Energy Retail (Via SMS)SMSVpowerU Customers should check with their supplier to see if they are eligible to take part. 