Ant-Man and the Wasp Quantumania is the first MCU movie to release this year, kicking off a new phase in the comic book franchise’s Multiverse Saga. Not only is Ant-Man 3 the conclusion to Paul Rudd’s solo trilogy as Scott Lang, but also the introduction of the new Thanos-level villain, Kang the Conqueror. Express.co.uk takes a look at the full lineup of returning and new members of the Marvel cast. Following Iron Man, Captain America and Thor, Paul Rudd is finally going to complete his Ant-Man solo trilogy eight years after debuting in the original 2015 film. Having popped up in Captain America: Civil War and Avengers Endgame, Scott Lang will be sucked back into the Quantum Realm with his family, where he’ll be temped into a Faustian bargain with the villainous Kang the Conqueror. Aside from playing Ant-Man in the MCU, the 53-year-old is best known for portraying Friends character Mike Hannigan, the husband of Phoebe. A veteran of early 2000s comedy movies, you’ll recognise Rudd from the likes of Anchorman, Knocked Up, This is 40 and more recently Ghostbusters: Afterlife. Having played Scott’s romantic and superhero partner in the first two Ant-Man movies and Avengers Endgame, Lilly is back as The Wasp in Quantumania. Outside of the MCU, you may have seen the 43-year-old star as Kate in Lost and Tauriel the elf in two of The Hobbit movies. Scott’s daughter was previously played as a child by Abby Ryder Fortson in the first two Ant-Man movies. However, when her superhero father was trapped in the Quantum Realm for five hours, he discovered at the beginning of Avengers Endgame that five years had passed for everyone else back on Earth. Returning home, his kid was now a teenager played by Emma Luhrmann. Teenage Cassie has been recast with Kathryn Newton in Quantumania and she could well be a member of the Young Avengers in the MCU’s future. Before making her MCU debut, the 25-year-old starred in TV shows Gary Unmarried, Big Little Lies and The Society. She’s also featured in movies like Bad Teacher, Paranormal Activity 4, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, Freaky and Pokémon Detective Pikachu. The veteran Hollywood star played the original Ant-Man and creator of the Pym particle in the first couple of solo movies and Avengers Endgame. His invention is essential in the MCU to changing size and time travelling. The son of Golden Era legend Kirk Douglas, the 78-year-old Oscar-winner’s best-known movies include The Game, Romancing the Stone and Wall Street. The original Wasp was lost in the Quantum Realm for decades until she returned in Ant-Man and the Wasp. Hank’s wife and Hope’s mother knows the Microverse like the back of her hand and so will be a usual guide and wise advisor to Scott and the family in Quantumania. It’s clear from the latest trailer that she warns Ant-Man not to trust Kang the Conqueror, while she also seems to have a past with Bill Murray’s character. Outside of the MCU, the 64-year-old kicked off her career in Grease 2 and Scarface, gaining further success in The Witches of Eastwick, Dangerous Liaisons and The Fabulous Baker Boys. The Oscar-nominee was one of the highest-paid actresses of the 1990s, playing Catwoman in Batman Returns and more recently giving memorable performances in Stardust, Hairspray and Murder on the Orient Express. The MCU’s new big bad is a time-travelling despot from 1000 years in the future. In Marvel Comics his real name is Nathaniel Richards, a descendant of Reed Richards aka Mr Fantastic of the Fantastic Four. The villain is bent on conquering different time periods across the multiverse and has multiple variants that will pop up in future outings of the franchise. Some of these alternate Kagns are evil too and others oppose him like He Who Remains. This was Majors' debut as Kang’s variant in the final episode of Disney+ show Loki. It turns out he had created the Time Variance Authority to police the MCU’s Sacred Timeline. However, as fans witnessed in the closing shot, Kang himself has now taken over. The latter will also be the main villain in 2025 movie Avengers: The Kang Dynasty. Apart from the MCU, the 33-year-old rising star is notable for playing Atticus Freeman in HBO drama Lovecraft Country and Nat Love in Netflix Western The Harder They Fall. His next big movie after Quantumania will be as Creed III antagonist Damien Anderson. This actor previously played the first Ant-Man movie's villain Darren Cross. Hank Pym’s former protégé attempted to recreate the Pym particle and sell it to HYDRA. Also known as Yellowjacket after his shrinking suit, he was defeated by Ant-Man and shrunk down into what was presumed to be his death. However, the Quantumania trailer has revealed he survived but only by taking on another form. He’s now reprising his character who has survived in the Quantum Realm for the past eight years as comics' baddie MODOK, a mutated cybernetically enhanced being with an oversized head. You might know the 46-year-old as Peter Russo in Netflix’s House of Cards or as Dr Goodweather in The Strain. He’s also portrayed Ernest Hemingway in Midnight in Paris, Buzz Aldrin in First Man and Junior Soprano in The Many Saints of Newark. The comedian joins the Quantumania cast as the governor of the lavish Axia community within the Quantum Realm. He has a history with Janet, who spent decades stuck in the Microverse with him before being freed in Ant-Man and the Wasp. The 72-year-old SNL alumni is best known for starring in Ghostbusters, Groundhog Day and for his Oscar-nominated role in Lost in Translation. More recently he’s been a regular cast member in Wes Anderson’s movies. His latest film Being Mortal suspended production in April 2022 due to a complaint against the actor for inappropriate behaviour and it may be completed without him. Additionally, supporting cast members of the first two Ant-Man movies are back in Quantumania. They include David Dastmalchian as Veb (he previously played Kurt), Randall Park as FBI agent Jimmy Woo and Gregg Turkington as Baskin-Robbins store manager Dale. Ant-Man and the Wasp Quantumania hits cinemas on February 17, 2023.