Pamela, A Love Story, sees the Baywatch star open up about the loves of her life, including her infamous relationship with Tommy Lee. She shares personal videos and reads from her diaries as she reflects on her career and relationships in the highly-anticipated documentary. As she recalls her move to Hollywood and stardom, she claimed she was made an offer from Sylvester Stallone to be his “number one girl”. Pamela recalled: “He offered me a condo and a Porsche to be his ‘No. 1 girl.’ “And I was like, ‘Does that mean there’s No. 2? Uh-uh.’ “He goes ‘That’s the best offer you’re gonna get, honey. You’re in Hollywood now.' “I wanted to be in love. I didn’t want anything less than that.” READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star However, Sylvester has claimed the New York Post Pamela’s story is “fabricated”. A spokesperson said: “The statement from Pamela Anderson attributed to my client is false and fabricated. “Mr. Stallone confirms that he never made any portion of that statement.” Express.co.uk has contacted a representative for Sylvester and Pamela for comment. Elsewhere in the documentary, Pamela speaks about her whirlwind romance with Tommy. Recalling their wedding day, she tells viewers: “On the plane back to LA, I remember going to Tommy, ‘Do you eat eggs?’ “We didn’t know anything about each other and it ended up being one of the wildest, most beautiful love affairs ever. “We landed to so much paparazzi. It was crazy. Everyone was in shock.” DON'T MISS...Pamela Anderson believed she killed babysitter that 'molested' her [INSIGHT]Pamela Anderson's claim Tim Allen flashed her is denied by actor [LATEST]Pamela Anderson has 'no intention' to watch her own documentary [UPDATE] Headlines and magazine spreads are shown as the pair are also pictured showcasing their romance. Pamela went on to explain they “filmed everything back then” and is “glad” she captured moments with the Mötley Crüe drummer. It wasn’t long however, before a sex tape of Pam and Tommy was leaked after it was stolen. In the trailer for Pamela, A Love Story, the actress and activist explained she wanted to tell her side of the story. She shared: “I blocked that stolen tape out of my life in order to survive. "Now that it’s all coming up again, I feel sick. I want to take control of the narrative for the first time. I didn’t feel like I had a lot of respect. "I had to make a career out of the pieces left. But I’m not the damsel in distress. I put myself in crazy situations and survived them." Pamela, A Love Story airs on Netflix on January 31.