Mercedes boss Toto Wolff has revealed he was forced to uproot his family from the UK to Monaco due to an unspecified ‘security issue.’ Wolff is currently based near the Mercedes HQ during the Formula 1 off-season but now flies back to visit his family on weekends. Wolff is now working long hours at Mercedes’ Brackley base near Oxford as he hopes to ensure his team’s miserable 2022 campaign was an aberration rather than the start of a decline. The Silver Arrows have dominated under tireless Austrian chief Wolff since 2013 but were completely uncompetitive last season. Wolff is away from his wife and children as he prepares for the 2023 season getting underway in Bahrain on March 5. But while Wolff’s decision to relocate his family was partly due to prioritising his young son’s education, he also noted that a security issue accelerated the move. READ MORE: Horner and Wolff’s turbulent relationship over the years as rivalry hits new level “We moved to Monaco because we had a security issue in the UK and also because we wanted to educate our son in an international school,” he said in a new interview with The Times.  He added: “I live in Oxford during the week and travel back at weekends. I like being in Oxford and I like working. I tend to stay in the office until 8pm, then go to the gym in the evening, have dinner, read a book and go to bed.” Wolff has been married to British wife Susie since 2011 and his partner is also intertwined in the motorsport world. Susie is a former F1 driver who drove for Williams during two practice sessions at the British and German Grands Prix in 2014. DON'T MISS:F1 targeted by £16bn Saudi takeover and Lewis Hamilton has already made feelings clearLewis Hamilton tipped to sign sizeable deal in 'last' F1 contract as Mercedes issue updateMichael Schumacher's friend took secret pics of ill F1 icon and tried to sell them for £1m She later became the CEO of Venturi Racing in Formula E, while she is also regularly spotted with her husband in the F1 paddock. The couple share one young son together and 51-year-old Wolff has two other older children from his first marriage. Fierce Mercedes boss Wolff lives and breathes race weekends, but also explained that he is truly most happy when spending time with his wife and kids. “I have great moments in F1. I love the team, I love the challenge. But what I really love is my family,” he added. "I have three children, who are 21, 18 and five years old. Having the family together is what gives me the greatest enjoyment. "And with my wife I have found the perfect partner. My wife can drive cars faster than I. But that is the least of her attributes. We are total soulmates.”