Research by Bounce found that Rhodes in Greece was the most underrated travel destination for 2023. The list also named a few spots that tourists have said are overrated. The team looked at the number of top attractions and their reviews to see whether a destination was overrated. READ MORE: Cruise guest shares reason they ‘really don’t like’ excursions The ‘City of Lights’ might be top of many tourists’ bucket lists, but according to Bounce, it’s also the most overrated holiday destination. Home of the Mona Lisa, Paris’s Louvre Museum is perhaps the world’s most famous art gallery. However, for some tourists, the queues are too much to handle. A traveller wrote on Tripadvisor: “The museum is constantly packed to the brim, it is difficult to see anything up close due to the crowds.” Another said: “Queuing is dreadful. They have made it all too inaccessible. The whole thing was claustrophobic.” The city has even coined its own syndrome, Paris Syndrome. The condition is described as a sense of extreme disappointment experienced visiting Paris if the city doesn’t live up to expectations. But Paris wasn’t the only top destination to disappoint visitors. New York, one of the USA’s major hotspots, was second on the list. Just under a quarter of New York’s attractions achieved a five star rating, with some travellers left disappointed. One tourist even said they had never seen so many rats as they saw in New York’s famous Central Park. READ MORE: Cruise dress code warning - it ‘won’t be allowed’ The UK didn’t escape the list with capital city London landing third spot on the overrated destination top 10. In a recent survey, both Buckingham Palace and London Eye were named as two of the worst value attractions in the world. Many visitors at the Palace are disappointed they aren’t able to explore more of its ornate rooms. Istanbul in Turkey took the fourth spot while the northern city of Milan in Italy rounded off the top five. Austria’s capital city, Vienna, made the top 10 with another US city, LA in seventh place in the rankings. Antalya, Rome and Amsterdam were also considered overrated while Spanish capital, Madrid, landed in 13th place. At the other end of the scale, Rhodes in Greece was named as the most underrated holiday destination for 2023. Marrakech, Porto and Heraklion were also ranked as underrated with Rio de Janeiro and Krakow close behind.