With UK sales of electric cars having overtaken diesel vehicles for the first time ever, there is plenty of hype around EVs at the moment. For those planning on purchasing an electric car this year, experts at Elmo have put together a list of the most affordable models in 2023. The price for this model starts at around £26,995 and gets drivers a 51kWh battery pack with a real-world range of 185 miles. The car's motor is equivalent to 168 horsepower. Experts at Elmo said: “The MG4 is an awesome all-round EV. Great to drive, practical enough for most people and comfortable in town and at speed. "Don’t be quick to judge its less mainstream badge, it’s got rave reviews all-round.” READ MORE: Furious driver hits out at 'snobby' neighbour amid parking row The price for this model starts at around £28,195 and gets drivers a 24kWh battery pack with a real-world range of 100 miles. The car's motor is equivalent to 95 horsepower. Elmo experts stressed: “It’s no secret we think the FIAT 500e is one of the best (if not the best) small electric cars on sale. "It’s stylish, nippy, well-appointed and well-equipped. It also has a class-leading infotainment system and one-pedal-driving mode. The 500e is also fantastic fun to drive around in, too. What’s not to love?” DON'T MISS Drivers slam 'unfair' parking fines as 'another reason not to buy EVs' [INSIGHT] Drivers could see changes to car ownership with new schemes [WARNING] Government could seek to 'cash in' from electric car sales [REVEAL] The price for this model starts at around £29,995 and gets drivers a 52kWh battery pack with a real-world range of 190 miles. The car's motor is equivalent to 134 horsepower. Elmo experts said: “Renault was at the forefront of electrification in the UK market with this very car, the ZOE. "A small hatchback with a lot of heart, it’s practical, comfortable and has recently been updated to have a simply fantastic infotainment system. "It’s also got the best range for the money, by some margin. If you’re looking for a small electric commuter car, this should be top of your list.” READ MORE: Electric car charging can be more expensive than petrol and diesel The price for this model starts at around £30,495 and gets drivers a 51kWh battery pack with a real-world range of 165 miles. The car's motor is equivalent to 174 horsepower. The experts said: “This small all-electric SUV is cheaper than most other mainstream manufacturer’s hatchbacks. "The ZS EV was MGs first fully electric model in the UK and, now in its second generation, it’s better than ever before. "Practical with plenty of headroom and boot space, and a decent amount of range for the money makes this a fantastic family companion.” The price for this model starts at around £30,995 and gets drivers a 61kWh battery pack with a real-world range of 200 miles. The car's motor is equivalent to 154 horsepower. The experts said: “Another MG? Seriously? Rightly so – the MG5 was the world’s first all-electric estate car, and still one of the cheapest electric cars on sale today. If space and practicality at the cheapest price is the aim of your game, then look no further. The best bit? The MG drives well, too.” The price for this model starts at around £30,995 and gets drivers a 50kWh battery pack with a real-world range of 165 miles. The car's motor is equivalent to 134hp. The experts said: “Citroën offers a wide range of electric cars at the moment, with three of their cars being in the top ten cheapest on sale right now. One of those three is the e-C4. It’s one of the larger electric hatchbacks on sale at the moment, so if you’re not looking for an SUV or estate but want as much space and comfort for the money as possible, this is a great choice.” The price for this model starts at £31,930 and gets drivers a 50kWh battery pack with a real-world range of 175 miles. The car's motor is equivalent to 134 horsepower. The experts said: “Want an EV that doesn’t shout to the world about the fact it’s electric? Need something that’s fun but easy enough to live with and don’t want to break the bank? Are you likely to need to rely on public charging and need to charge quickly on the go? The Corsa-e is your answer, with its peppy motor and fast-charging capabilities.”