  EastEnders fans were gobsmacked when Stacey Slater (played by Lacey Turner) found out her 12-year-old daughter was pregnant. Despite her daughter’s young age, the EastEnders stalwart was determined to let Lily Slater (Lillia Turner) make the decision about what to do but grandfather-to-be Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) has a very different opinion.      On Monday, Lily decided against having an abortion after talking things through with Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace). In next week’s episodes, all hell breaks loose when Jack realises Ricky Jr (Frankie Day) plans to support Lily in bringing up their baby. Denise Fox (Diane Parish) urges him to be cautious but he demands a meeting with Stacey and Martin Fowler (James Bye). When the families come together, Jack demands they change Lily’s mind but Stacey refuses. Read more: EastEnders' Janine Butcher star still gets 'hate' over Mick storyline      Later, Jack approaches Lily on the square and tells her what life will be like as a teen mum. Will he change her mind and convince the schoolgirl to have an abortion? When Stacey hears what he’s done, she storms over to his house and bans the whole family from having anything to do with the baby. Ricky Jr is devastated and calls Sam Mitchell (Kim Medcalf) who offers support while Denise warns her husband he’s overstepped the mark.      The schoolboy subsequently moves out to live with Sam who lets him run riot. Jack’s desperate to get him home but Patrick Trueman (Rudolph Walker) warns Denise she needs to find a way to talk sense into her husband. Stacey and Denise come together to get Martin to speak to Jack but later it all gets too much for the Fox matriarch. Worried about her family, she’s offered a shoulder to cry on by Ravi Gulati (Aaron Thiara). DON'T MISSEastEnders boss opens up on 'challenge' of beloved character's exit [INTERVIEW]EastEnders fans 'work out' the new owner of The Queen Vic [THEORY]EastEnders' Sonia Fowler reaches out for help as former flame returns [SPOILER]     When she arrives home she’s reminded how much she loves her family and feels guilty for enjoying Ravi’s attention. Patrick realises Denise and Jack are growing further apart but his advice isn’t well received when the latter spots Ricky Jr skiving off on the way to meet his wife. Will Jack make it to his date or will Denise continue to feel isolated within her marriage? Elsewhere, Denise is incensed when Sam suggests the dress she’s returning to the market is too young for her.      Fed up, Denise decides to have a night out with her sister Kim Fox (Tameka Empson) at Walford East. Ravi’s delighted when the pair rock up but will Kim spot his flirty behaviour? Meanwhile, Martin is offered a few weeks’ well-paid work in Turkey but worries about leaving Lily. Will he take the job or will Stacey convince him his daughter needs him now more than ever? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.   