Manchester United owner Joel Glazer has always been a fan of Anthony Martial. And now, with the France international fully fit and firing again, hopes are high he can propel the Red Devils back into the Champions League. Erik ten Hag is eager for a new marksman to arrive but, now the 27-year-old is ready to step up, there’s no guarantee he’ll get his wish in the January transfer window. Manchester United know they’re short on firepower at present, especially in the wake of Cristiano Ronaldo’s dramatic exit in November. But though Ten Hag has stated on numerous occasions that he wants to see a new striker arrive at Old Trafford, the signs don’t look good. United had been eyeing Cody Gakpo but, aware any deal would require less funds at the end of the season, opted against challenging Liverpool for the player’s signature. It’s since emerged they’re wary of paying the £18million Atletico Madrid want to let Joao Felix go out on loan, too, at a time where Arsenal and Chelsea are also eyeing the 23-year-old. And though United have been linked with Alvaro Morata as well, the fact he’s playing regularly for Atletico these days means there’s little chance of him leaving on a temporary basis. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big All in all, it doesn’t bode well for Ten Hag. And with Martial impressing this season with five goals from 10 outings across all competitions, it’s possible the 27-year-old will be deemed good enough to last the course of the campaign. The Glazers have put United up for sale after 17 years of controversial rule, with the Americans confirming this in a statement that read: "The strength of Manchester United rests on the passion and loyalty of our global community of 1.1 billion fans and followers. “As we seek to continue building on the Club’s history of success, the Board has authorised a thorough evaluation of strategic alternatives. "We will evaluate all options to ensure that we best serve our fans and that Manchester United maximises the significant growth opportunities available to the Club today and in the future. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see “Throughout this process we will remain fully focused on serving the best interests of our fans, shareholders, and various stakeholders.” And with the Glazers, and Joel in particular rating Martial, he could be about to prevent them from making one last signing. It’s even previously been claimed that Joel sees the Frenchman as the club’s very own version of Brazil icon Pele - who sadly died last week following a glittering career where he won the World Cup three times. Martial has been impressive for United this season, with his five goals coming despite injuries often hampering him. It’s common knowledge that, on his day, the 27-year-old can be one of the best attackers in the whole of the Premier League. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And with Martial rapidly winning the trust of Ten Hag, and with the Glazers reluctant to splash out on a new forward, he may end up being an obstacle when it comes to reinforcements arriving. Furthermore, United do have other options they can play at No 9. Marcus Rashford, though better on the left of the club’s attack, is capable of playing down the middle having done so on multiple occasions so far this season. United tried Christian Eriksen there at the beginning of the campaign and, though that experiment backfired, it’s still an option nonetheless. Likewise with Bruno Fernandes, who has played as a false nine in the past. And Antony and Jadon Sancho have been used there by Ajax and Borussia Dortmund in the past, though both players have underwhelmed since Ten Hag’s appointment. Speaking when quizzed on a new striker last week, Ten Hag admitted any deal for a forward would need to meet the club’s ‘financial criteria’. "We have a squad, we have players who are matching our criteria but with all the games that are coming, it is a tough competition," said the United boss. "We want to be also playing in all of the competitions by winning in games and cups as well. "So you need players, you need numbers to cover, so we need good players, not only numbers, you need quality players to cover that. “You need also competition [so] that you can make technical choices, so we are looking for the right player for our squad and that has to match the sporting criteria but also the financial criteria."