Speaking to former TOWIE favourite Bobby Norris and co-host Stephen Leng on the gossip programme Access All Areas, the reality star revealed that the show's producers fabricated the scenes with her and Zee Dempers and practically forced a full-on romance on the pair after a night of drinking. Chatting to former TOWIE favourite Bobby Norris and co-host Stephen Leng on Access All Areas, she shared: “With me and Zee [Dempers], it was just a tequila romance and I knew that. “[It was] just one night. The next day I spoke to him and said I think we’re just friends. “But obviously they [the producers] didn't use that bit. They used the bits where we are dancing and flirting whilst we are working. “By the end of the season, we were in this whole romance.” READ MORE: Prince Andrew is 'using 'Harry's attacks' to 'clear his name'    Courtney went on to claim the show's producers manipulated the show and used clever editing techniques to ensure they looked like they were in a relationship. However, the star claimed she quickly cottoned onto what the plan for the couple and thankfully she became good friends with Zee. Courtney also went on to reveal Zee was also blindsided by the producers in their quest to force a romance on the couple and often set up situations he agreed to when he was drunk. She alleged: “They [the producers] asked Zee when he was drunk If you want to buy Courtney flowers he said, 'Oh yeah maybe.' “Then two days later they say when you sit down for your meal tonight there are going to be flowers delivered to your table. "Twelve red roses for Courtney and he was like 'What!?'" Courtney's claims come just days after Below Deck’s Captain Lee hit out at the "lack of respect" shown to sacked crew member Camille Lamb by his replacement Captain Sandy. Captain Lee was forced to leave the boat at the start of season 10 due to his worsening health problems. He was replaced by Captain Sandy, who was met with a barrage of problems caused by Camille, which included explosive rows with other crew members and drinking on the job. DON'T MISS:GB News fury as Andrew's ex details how Giuffe photo was 'faked' [INTERVIEW]Happy Valley's final episode will 'defy all expectations' promises sta [INSIGHT]Happy Valley star teases 'more to come' and final season 'felt right' [INSIGHT]  Captain Sandy made the executive decision to fire the deck hand after a complaint from Chief Stew Fraser Olender, something the former crew Captain said lacked respect. Taking to Twitter, Lee said of the dismissal: “She made the right call. But lacked in procedure and respect.” He went on to explain: “Had I been replacing Capt Sandy on her boat temporarily and felt the necessity to fire one of her crew. "I would have called her first to let her know what I was doing and why.” He added: “I agree with her decision, just not how she went about it.” However Captain Sandy was unrepentant in her decision to fire Camille. Speaking in a recent interview she said: “I stand by it. I fire people because if they’re the one singular thing where everyone else is evolving around them. That's the problem I have to eliminate.” A representative for Bravo declined to comment when approached for comment by Express.co.uk