While Billy (played by Perry Fenwick) may have managed to avoid prison on this occasion, BBC viewers are questioning why the EastEnders legend wasn’t locked up in the 90s for abuse. Fans of the long-running soap have been horrified to uncover a “forgotten” storyline which saw Billy abuse Jamie Mitchell (Jack Ryder). While Billy might come across as a hapless father of two who is more than happy to go along with whatever Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) has planned, he wasn’t always loyal. Back in 1998 when he first joined the soap, Billy was a drug dealer and would often beat his nephew Jamie. Jamie was still at school and when things went wrong for Billy, he’s attack the schoolboy. Billy’s abuse only stopped when Phil learned what was going on and stopped it. READ MORE: 1923 episode 4 cast Phil told Jamie to move in with him and Billy was left terrified of what Phil might do to him. Billy only apologised for his abuse when Jamie was hit by a car and lay on his deathbed. Despite it being a horrifying storyline, Billy didn’t face any justice for his behaviour. In fact, the market trader managed to get away with the abuse without being punished at all. Looking back at the storyline, BBC viewers have been left baffled as to how it was “forgotten”. EastEnders fans also shared their disgust, claiming Billy should be locked up and have no access to his children. One fan shared: “Remember when Billy Mitchell abused his nephew Jamie? It seems like it has just been forgotten.” Another questioned: “They should explore Billy's past as it would be interesting to see how Honey would react to it. Does Billy still feel guilt? DON'T MISS...The Masked Singer fans ‘work out’ Jacket Potato's identity [LATEST]EastEnders fans ‘work out’ next Queen Vic owners after Mick's death [THEORY]EastEnders boss details Stacey Slater and Martin's ‘big story' [EXCLUSIVE] “I seriously doubt a whole aspect of his nature would just suddenly disappear simply because he apologised and faced his demons. “Most of it would pass yes but there would still be a residual dark side to Billy.” A third added: “Really I think if you take Billy's treatment of Jamie into consideration then he shouldn't be allowed to have kids of his own. “Yet suddenly he is the doting dad, it’s a bit silly how no one mentions his passed anymore.” It comes as Billy said goodbye to his loved ones in Thursday’s episode, believing he would be jailed. He shared a touching moment with Jay Brown (Jamie Borthwick), apologising for how he treated him when he was partnered with Honey (Emma Barton). As he cleared the air with his loved ones, Billy headed to court for his trial and planned to plead guilty. However, in a surprise twist, Keeble was convinced not to testify against Billy and he was able to walk free. EastEnders airs Monday-Thursday on BBC One at 7.30pm.