Quoting figures from the 2021 UK Finance Fraud Report, the banking said the average amount people lose to online shopping scams is £642. However, those aged between 55 and 64 lost more than double that, around £1,000 on average. Britons are warned to look out for certain signs as they shop online. As scams are “changing every week,” Britons are encouraged to check their website to learn how they can protect themselves. It comes after analysis showed the number of online shopping scams increased by 20 percent in December last year. Many people will want to find amazing deals online, but even a bargain costs money. READ MORE: 'I can't pay that': Woman shocked after energy provider switched her to pre-payment meter When prices on a site are a lot lower than other sellers, Lloyds states “it could be a scam”. Fraudsters can send a text or email with a link to a great deal. This may take people to a fake site or infect their device with a virus. If someone gets a message like this, they should not use the link. Britons can use a search engine or their browser to try to find the deal to make sure it’s real. Lloyds said certain goods are particularly risky, such as trainers, clothes, gaming consoles and phones. Warning signs include: On their website it states: “Ask questions before you buy. “If a seller can't give any details about an item or tries to hurry you into paying, it’s a sign of a scam. READ MORE: Dave Ramsey suggests how to work out 'ball park number' for retirement - 'is it enough?' “Take your time to check reviews to make sure a site or deal is genuine before you choose to buy. “Lots of good reviews from different buyers are better than mixed, bad or no reviews at all.” Lloyds Bank commissioned its own research, which found most scams start via online platforms such as Instagram or Facebook Marketplace. Victims are lured in by the promise of cut-price or hard-to-find goods, especially during busy shopping periods like Christmas and New Years. Last month, Liz Ziegler, fraud prevention director at Lloyds Bank, told the ECHO: “Online shopping scams come in all shapes and sizes, but the vast majority start with items advertised on social media, where it’s too easy for fraudsters to use fake profiles and advertise goods that simply don’t exist. “The safest way to pay for things online is always by debit or credit card, and buy from a trusted retailer. Remember that if a deal looks too good to be true, it usually is.” If individuals have either been a victim of a scam or spot a suspicious website, they can report this in several ways. Fraud and cyber crime can be reported to Action Fraud, the UK’s national reporting centre for fraud. People can can also report internet scams and phishing to report@phishing.gov.uk. Suspicious websites can be reported to the National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC).