Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy has been told he "needs to get out" of the club by Jamie O'Hara if he fails to land Pedro Porro before the January transfer window shuts on Tuesday. Spurs are in danger of missing out on Antonio Conte's top target with the deal on the verge of collapsing after Sporting Lisbon reportedly demanded more money at the last minute. The north London outfit were close to finalising a £40million deal for the right-back, before the Portuguese outfit reneged on their agreement at the weekend due to the structure of payments. Former Manchester City defender Porro had been told he could leave Sporting if their demands were met, but the 23-year-old's return to England has now been plunged into jeopardy with less than 48 hours to go until the transfer deadline. Levy is believed to have been handling negotiations with Sporting and the Spurs supremo, who has come under fire in recent seasons from sections of the club's fanbase, has been told to leave his role if he fails to capture the Spaniard this month. READ MORE: Porro to Tottenham takes another twist as Sporting demand more money “If that’s the case, then Daniel Levy needs to get out of Tottenham. If we don’t get this signing over the line then the fans will go mental," O'Hara told talkSPORT. “It will not be good for him [Levy]. Spurs fans wanted this player and has taken ages to get done. “If it doesn’t get done and we’re stuck with Emerson Royal until the end of the season, I might as well not bother going to watch them.” Tottenham have only made one signing in the current transfer window amid concerns that Conte could leave the club when his contract expires in the summer. Netherlands winger Arnaut Danjuma arrived on loan from Villarreal last week, but otherwise there has been little for the fans to get excited about. And O'Hara believes that signing Porro would not only provide a huge boost to their squad, it would go some way to convincing their Italian boss to remain beyond the end of the season. DON'T MISSJose Mourinho aims jibe at Tottenham over failed Kim transferTottenham's criteria for making Kulusevski transfer permanentTottenham join Arsenal in 'hunt' for Montpellier starlet Wahi "We’ve got a good side and will finish fifth, might sneak fourth, but we’ve got to buy new players," he added. "We’re not good enough at the back and have to back Antonio Conte. If we want to keep him at the football club then you’ve got to back him. “Pedro Porro is a fantastic player and way better than what we’ve got. I’m sick of Spurs trying to sign players that just improve the squad. "If you look at Man United, look at Arsenal, they’ve brought players in who improve them on the pitch. Spurs just get players in to improve the bench. “Pedro Porro is a big signing for us. Sign him then we’re going in the right direction, centre-half, another left wing-back, creative midfielder and a new ‘keeper, then we’re flying.”