Manchester United icon Paul Ince claims Sir Alex Ferguson interrupted a golf session with Ryan Giggs to inform him of his move to Inter Milan in 1995. Ferguson has always insisted that Ince knew of interest from the Serie A giants before their meeting, but the popular former Red Devils midfielder tells a different version of the tale. Ince returns to Old Trafford on Saturday as his Reading side hope to cause an FA Cup upset against Erik ten Hag’s in-form side. The tie comes nearly 28 years after Ferguson sold Ince to Roy Hodgson’s Inter Milan to fund the club’s Carrington training complex. And Ince remembers the legendary Scottish manager interrupted a round of golf with winger Giggs to inform him of Inter’s £7.5.million bid. He said: “I was playing golf at Mottram Hall, with Giggsy (Ryan Giggs). We got to the 16th and my phone rang and it was Sir Alex saying, ‘I need to see you’. So I said, ‘Ok, gaffer.’ “And I was thinking – what have I done? It’s like a kid going to see the headmaster. I was thinking, ‘No, I didn’t go out last night!” JUST IN: Paul Ince leaves reporters in stitches with Erik ten Hag comment “So my mind is going like that and I said, ‘Ok, gaffer, I will pop in and see you tomorrow’ and he said, ‘No, I am at the golf club.’ I said, ‘What!’ And he said, ‘I am at the golf club.’ “I was in the buggy with Giggsy and I said, ‘I have to go, the gaffer’s here.’ So I left Giggsy there and he [Sir Alex] was sat in his car. I said, ‘What’s wrong, gaffer?’ and he said, ‘Listen we have had an offer from Inter Milan for £7.5million and we are accepting it.'” Asked if that was the first he had heard of the deal, Ince told the Telegraph: “Yes. He [Ferguson] said, ‘We have Nicky Butt coming through and we are trying to build Carrington [the new training ground] so we need the money.’ “I was shocked at first, thinking I had been here for six years, was coming into my prime, thinking about another four-year contract and negotiating that, which would have taken me to my testimonial year. DON'T MISS...Man Utd owners the Glazers' stance on swap deal as Kane trade toutedMan Utd transfer news LIVE: Talks held over £35m deal, two new targetsManchester United are going to sign an upgrade on Wout Weghorst “Thomas (Ince’s son and now-Reading star) was only two so we were thinking about nurseries and I got hit with that. It was more shock than anything. I told Giggsy and he nearly collapsed. So the next week was tough.” Ince is taking Championship side Reading to United on Saturday. The former England midfielder has praised Red Devils boss Ten Hag for turning round the club’s fortunes. The 55-year-old said: "It looks to me that he's raised the standards of the club. He's doing it his way, which is so important. It helps when you're winning games, and when you've got a lot of money to spend. He's brought in the right players."