The Mayor of Paris, Anne Hidalgo, announced that Parisians would be invited to vote on whether to allow electric scooter rental trials to continue. She described the issue as “extremely divisive”, with many saying that riders show little respect for other road users. They have been blamed for riding on pavements, parking without consideration, as well as leaving them unattended in parks. It has been reported that some riders throw the scooters into the River Seine when they are finished with them. A referendum is scheduled for April 2, with Mayor Hidalgo saying residents of Paris would be asked a “very simple question”. The question is: “Do we or don’t we continue with free-floating rental scooters?” READ MORE: 'Mr Loophole' Nick Freeman issues urgent warning for drivers According to recent research from the Department for Transport, e-scooters’ status as a relatively new mode at the time of this analysis may have contributed to the higher casualty rate estimates. E-scooter riders were in roughly 3.3 times as many road accidents as pedal bicycles per mile travelled. Furthermore, around five percent, or one in 20, e-scooter riders surveyed said they had been involved in a collision. Bryn Brooker, head of road safety at Nextbase, urged drivers to remain safe when driving near e-scooters to avoid the possibility of an accident. DON'T MISSExpansion of ULEZ will 'isolate people' and could 'price out' workers [SHOCKING]Enormous rise in pothole claims could see drivers hit with damage [WARNING]Drivers warned of massive £5,000 fine for splashing pedestrians [IMPORTANT] He said: “When driving near e-scooters, we suggest that motorists take extra time to check their surroundings before they make any manoeuvres. “Always give e-scooter riders at least 1.5 metres of space when overtaking, and do not alarm them by beeping their horn or speeding up. This is likely to cause riders to lose concentration." “We recommend that drivers use dashcams in case there are any incidents involving e-scooters. “This footage is accepted by all UK police forces and major insurance companies as proof of liability, helping protect motorists’ claims where there is a collision with an uninsured e-scooter.” READ MORE: Drivers told to 'take extra care' with national gritting operation While Paris is the only major city to allow a referendum on whether rental trials can continue, some local authorities in the UK are debating whether to ban them. E-scooters in the English county of Kent have been banned following a two-year trial in Canterbury as council officials want to prevent someone from being “seriously” hurt by the vehicles. Kent County Council has rejected an offer to extend its e-scooter trial following the incident in the city of Canterbury. The Department for Transport offered to continue the trial beyond its current end date of November 30 this year, until May 2024. Sarah Carter, 80, suffered a broken wrist, cracked jaw and broken cheekbone after she was struck by an e-scooter being ridden on a pavement in July. The retired university librarian said: "Another elderly person could have quite easily been even more seriously injured or even killed." She called e-scooters “lethal”, adding that the council were “irresponsible” for the lack of infrastructure in place. Canterbury will see the scheme scaled back ahead of the current end date, with the number of e-scooters and designated areas reduced. Cllr David Brazier, Kent County Council's cabinet member for transport overseeing the e-scooter trial, said he decided to “truncate” it towards the end of the trial.