Removing limescale stains can be particularly difficult, especially if they've been neglected for a long period of time. Staining can happen for a number of reasons, including in areas of the toilet that are hard to reach, or because of hard water issues which means they will reappear, even if the toilet is cleaned regularly. Fans of Mrs Hinch have taken to social media to resolve one woman’s toilet cleaning dilemma. Posting an image of her toilet bowl covered in brown limescale, Antonia Fay Marston wrote: “We have recently moved into an older house and the bottom of the toilet is like this from previous tenants. “Any tips on how to deep clean it as we have tried usual products etc and want to avoid buying a new one?” Over 280 cleaning enthusiasts responded to the post with their suggestions. The majority recommended that Antonia buy Harpic Power Plus to rid her toilet of limescale. Haley Louise Haworth said: “The black Harpic, pour it in and leave it as long as possible. It worked every time for me.” READ MORE: 13p kitchen item is the ‘most effective’ method of removing limescale Lily Estrid wrote: “Black Harpic. If you can bail out the water completely and dry it up with tissue, then apply it in a thick layer and leave overnight. After a flush in the morning it should be good as new.” Liss Mags noted that Harpic is what’s needed to fight toilet limescale, as this was what was suggested for her to use by a plumber. She said: “Mine was like this when I moved in I had no clue what to do either. My plumber simply emptied my toilet of water in the bowl then used a full bottle of black Harpic and left it to sit overnight. I left it as long as possible before flushing…it was like new the next day.” When asked by others how to empty the toilet bowl, she replied: “The plumber used some rags he had and a bucket. But I’ve used an old mop head that I use for outside that I throw into the washer after.” DON'T MISS‘Easy remedy’ to remove radiator sludge to save on 25% on heating bill [EXPERT]5 ‘essential’ garden plants that need to be pruned in winter - and how [INSIGHT]Damp can cost up to £5,000 to repair - use ‘cheap £1’ item to fix [EXPERT] Janet Drain Sherlock said: “Harpic black, leave overnight or as long as possible, and repeat if necessary. It will work.” Denise Hanrahan commented: “Black Harpic gel removed it for me but as mentioned above, it has to be repeated every so often as it will come back.” Nichola Robson replied: “I’ve cleaned toilets like this during end of tenancy cleans. I bale all of the water out and squirt harpic in. It’s much more effective neat.” Tina Donald added: “Mine was like this when I moved in. Black Harpic overnight, then just keep up with it. It might take some time but eventually it will break away.” READ MORE: ‘Excellent natural cleaner’ that removes yellow stains from pillows According to Harpic’s Website, they claim that using this product is a faster alternative to natural cleaning methods. They said: “You don’t need to rely on endless hours of scrubbing or experimenting with old wives’ tales about coca-cola and vinegar for limescale removal anymore. Harpic’s product range can cut cleaning time considerably. “Unlike bleach – which just bleaches the colour out of limescale - Harpic completely removes build ups in your toilet.” It can be purchased for £1 at Poundland and at Asda and Sainsbury’s for £1.30, and Amazon for £1.65. Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended natural methods such as using white vinegar and cola. Alison Gamblin wrote: “Forget all the harsh chemicals white vinegar is both cheap and efficient. Push out most of the water, pour in and leave as long as possible.” Sarah Walton said: “Empty the water out and put two bottles of white vinegar down. Leave it overnight and gently clean with a loo brush the next day- it will be like new.” Girl P Cresswell suggested: “Cheap cola the cheaper the better, you need to leave it in there for as long as possible.”