Heated airers have become a sell-out appliance across major retailers after being branded as a cheap alternative to tumble dryers. The running costs of these sought-after products are undeniably lower than traditional heat sources, but they're not always a worthy investment. A financial expert at NimbleFins has shared the exact savings you could make by adjusting your laundry habits. In an experiment led by a team of financial experts, the cost of running a heated airer and dehumidifier in place of a tumble dryer was put to the test. A spokesperson for NimbleFins said: "On one hand, tumble dryers do consume a lot of energy, but heated clothes dryers are slow, and users are also advised to purchase a dehumidifier as the evaporated water can cause damp and mould. So the initial outlay could be quite large." Using the 7kg capacity Bush Condenser Tumble Dryer (£190),  10kg capacity Argos Home 11.5m Heated Electric Indoors Clothes Airer (£55), and Challenge 0.5 litre Mini Dehumidifier (£50), the calculations revealed some surprising results. The team found that the heated dryer and dehumidifier needed to stay on for eight hours to dry one full load of laundry. Meanwhile, the tumble dryer used for the research only needed to operate for two hours and five minutes for a full load on the standard cotton function - and "much less" for a couple of items. READ MORE: Estate agent on the kitchen trend making a ‘big comeback’ Although it was an extra cost, the energy needed to run the dehumidifier was very low, needing just 22.5 Watts per hour compared to 230 Watts per hour for the heated dryer and 2,006 W/ph for the tumble dryer. Using Ofgem's October 2022 price cap rates for direct debit customers with dual usage, the running costs of the appliances worked out as: DON'T MISS:Mum fears for children as baby's hand 'turns blue' in cold, damp house [INSIGHT]B&M shoppers go wild over £1 bedding - 'fab bargain' [REVEAL]‘Two key’ tips to save on heating - makes the ‘biggest difference’ [TIPS] The NimbleFins experts concluded that despite the extended running time of the heated clothes airer and its reliance on a dehumidifier, it is "still much cheaper to use" over a tumble dryer. They said: "It would cost 63p in electricity for a full load on the clothes airer, plus 6p for the dehumidifier (69p in total). This is compared to £1.42 for the tumble dryer." While this means using a heated clothes airer and dehumidifier would save 73p for every use, the total savings depend on how much you spend on purchasing the appliances in the first place. Erin Yurday, CEO and co-founder of the company said: "If someone already had a tumble dryer, but needed to buy the £55 heated dryer and £50 dehumidifier, the user would need to do 143 full loads of laundry before they started saving money." READ MORE: Improve radiator ‘efficiency’ and prevent ‘blockages’ with one job When you consider the inconvenience of spending a large sum on purchasing the airer, dehumidifier and allowing eight hours for just one load of laundry to dry, the savings are much less enticing. Erin added: "Overall if you can afford it, it would take about six months to a year to repay the cost of investing in a heated clothes airer and dehumidifier depending on how much laundry someone does. "This isn’t too much time in the grand scheme of things, but it could take longer if you go for more expensive products, or if you don’t always use a tumble dryer. "On warm sunny days, it may be just as fast to hang laundry outside, for free." If you live alone or do smaller loads of laundry, the tumble dryer could work out even cheaper to use. For example, the Bush appliance used in the experiment boasted drying times of less than 15 minutes in some cases. The NimbleFins team noted that it claimed to dry three shirts in just 12 minutes or eight items in less than half an hour. Of course, your personal savings may also vary depending on how you pay your energy bill. While the calculations are based on the average direct debit customer using both gas and electricity, it may be more for prepayment customers. Prices also vary by region and the kind of appliances you use to dry your washing. In general, the larger the capacity, the more energy it needs to run.