Data from Webfleet revealed that European fleets using EVs have cut their carbon emissions by more than 15 tonnes of CO2 per vehicle, per year.  This emissions saving equates to a fuel saving of 5,665 litres, which could lead to major savings for electric fleets. According to RAC Fuel Watch, the current average price of petrol per litre is 148.89p, while diesel remains more expensive at £1.70. Based on the fuel saving data from Webfleet, diesel fleets could be saving almost £9,630.50 every year by switching to an electric vehicle. For a petrol vehicle, by avoiding buying 5,665 litres of fuel, they could save £8,440.85. According to the latest Government figures, transport was responsible for producing 24 percent of the UK’s total greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions in 2020, the country’s largest emitting sector. READ MORE: Drivers should fill fuel tanks to the brim or risk costly damage Furthermore, it was responsible for 33 percent of nitrogen oxide (NOX) emissions and 14 percent of particulates (PM2.5). “The decarbonisation of the transport sector sits at the very heart of our collective ambitions to tackle climate change,” said Beverley Wise, Webfleet Regional Director for Bridgestone Mobility Solutions. “Fleet businesses have been leading the charge in the transition from ICE to EV vehicles, and this data reinforces the impact they can have in helping to deliver a more sustainable future. “Although electrification is gathering pace, it remains, however, a significant change management undertaking. DON'T MISS10 classic cars becoming tax and MOT exempt in 2023 - including BMW [INSIGHT]'Criminal' petrol and diesel prices prompt 30 MPs to demand watchdog [SHOCKING]Highway Code changes may lead to fines for drivers unsure of rules [WARNING] “Dedicated fleet management solutions such as Webfleet can play an important role in supporting fleets as they target net zero.” Although UK car production declined almost -10 percent in 2022, record levels of EVs were produced, with almost a third of all cars made being fully electric or hybrid. A record number of electric vehicle registrations was also seen in 2022, with the vehicle type surpassing diesel for the first time. In December, battery electric vehicles (BEVs) claim their largest ever monthly market share, of 32.9 percent, while for 2022 as a whole they comprised 16.6 percent of registrations. READ MORE: 'Criminal' petrol and diesel prices prompt 30 MPs to demand watchdog According to the data, from the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders, only 82,981 new diesel registrations were made in 2022, a huge -38.9 percent reduction compared to 2021. Petrol also saw a decline in its sales, even though more than 682,000 new petrol models were registered in the UK last year. Taco van der Leij, Vice President of Webfleet Europe, added: “The significant CO2 savings shown in the Electrifying Data report emphasise how electrifying your fleet can have a significant environmental impact. “In Webfleet, you can access the Fleet Electrification Report, a feature that shows clearly which of your vehicles could be replaced with an EV. “Following the fuel price rises in March of last year, we saw a 300 percent increase in usage of this tool. “So, it’s clear the electrification of fleets is top of mind for many businesses. “We want to show all fleets that making the move to electric mobility is a game-changer when it comes to transport decarbonisation.” The research was published as part of Electrifying Data, a series of reports that map the commercial EV opportunity in telematics data. The first report provides clear insights on the fuel and carbon emission reductions that are made possible via fleet electrification.