Lancashire Police said it is considering the case after the Prime Minister failed to strap in while he was being filmed for a social media video. Blackpool MP Scott Benton said complaints about the offence were “politically motivated” and “not good use of frontline resources”. Mr Sunak has apologised for the “brief error of judgment” in the promotional clip made for his announcement about levelling-up cash for projects across the country. The offence carries a maximum fine of £500 and Labour claimed it would be “very serious” if he faced a penalty after already receiving one fine during the so-called partygate scandal. A Downing Street spokesman said “of course” the Prime Minister does not believe anyone is above the law. The official said that Mr Sunak “believes it is important for people to wear their seatbelt” and  he was not aware of any contact between the PM and the police so far. Mr Benton said while the force does an “amazing job”, he believes “their time is better spent investigating serious crime which impacts on my constituents”. He added: “The vast majority of people would think that politically motivated complaints about a seatbelt are not good use of frontline resources.” No 10 said it was "entirely a matter for the police where they allocate resources". Downing Street previously said Mr Sunak “fully accepts" that not wearing the seatbelt "was a mistake and apologises”. A spokesman added: “The Prime Minister believes everyone should wear a seatbelt. “It was an error of judgment, he removed it for a short period of time to film a clip, which you’ve seen, but he accepts that was a mistake.” There are a few exemptions for failing to wear a belt, including when a car is being used for police, fire and rescue services and for certified medical issues. Downing Street said it does not believe there is an exception for travelling in a ministerial car. Lancashire Police said: “We are aware of the matter and we will be looking into it.” Road groups including the AA warned that “no matter who you are, it is important to wear your seatbelt”.