Houseplant parenting can be a struggle. Gardeners are bombarded with so much information out there so it can be difficult to know what to believe. To help combat this indoor plant gurus at Swansons Nursery have shared a few myths they’ve seen resurface again and again. They’re setting the record straight to make sure owners have the information they need to keep their plants “healthy and happy”. If there is one myth that is the “most common” to “avoid”, this is it, according to the pros. They explained: “Repotting your plant might very well fix the problem if it’s rootbound, but more often the plant is struggling for other reasons.” The reasons include not enough or too much light, over or underwatering, unidentified pests, or a lack of fertiliser. The experts noted that in these circumstances, repotting actually “makes it worse by increasing the problem and stresses the plant”. READ MORE: February gardening jobs that ‘must’ be completed - what to prune Still on the topic of repotting, for a long-lasting, healthy plant, adequate drainage is always the best policy. However, cachepots typically do not have a drainage hole. Cachepots are vase-like containers to aesthetically hide a growing pot holding the plant itself to provide greenery indoors. They have no way of drainage to protect your floor, carpet, or tabletop from any seeping water and escaping bits of soil. But since all root balls need good airflow and will develop root rot, if their “feet” are constantly moist, the pros said: “The best practice is to keep the plant in its plastic nursery pot.” DON'T MISSI used baking soda to remove a yellow stain from a white top - photos [COMMENT]3p ‘miracle’ item to ‘dissolve’ tea cup stains without using bleach [TIPS]Keep squirrels out of your garden using ‘effective’ 70p kitchen item [EXPERT] To water, just remove the potted plant from the cachepot, take it to a sink or patio to water, and let it fully drain before replacing it. Ice cubes sure sound like an easy, efficient way to water an orchid slowly and continually. However the expert argued that while a study from a prominent university did support the practice, the study had a short timeline and a narrow focus and did not account for many factors that exist once the orchid leaves the growers’ laboratory conditions and takes up residence in a home. They said: “If you consider the conditions of an orchid’s native tropic and sub-tropic habitat, where the roots get a deep watering followed by a drying period, you’ll understand why our preferred method is to submerge and soak the pot for 15 to 20 minutes. “This method allows time for the chunky bark to completely hydrate and prevents the leaching of nutrients. Then allow the orchid to dry fully before repeating the process.” READ MORE: ‘Effective’ homemade weed killer that ‘stops weeds returning’ Indoor plant owners’ first reaction to a droopy plant is typically that it needs water. The houseplant gurus noted: “Nine times out of 10, that is the reason. But if you water it and the leaves do not perk up within a reasonable amount of time, it is most likely suffering from root rot.” This happens when the plant is consistently overwatered or has been sitting in a pot that has standing water in the bottom. It is possible the plant can recover but only time will tell. To fix, the pros instructed: “Immediately let the root ball dry out and then water less often. If you want to be adventurous, remove the plant from the pot and only keep the parts of the plant that have healthy roots attached. Repot that part with fresh soil into a smaller pot that is an appropriate size for the now-smaller roots.” As with everything in the plant world, water is necessary for survival. But since air plants are so unique, they have specific watering needs and much depends upon the light and moisture conditions they are provided with. The experts advised: “You can mist them or soak them, but the type of water is important. It should never be distilled but you can use filtered water or tap water that has sat out overnight to release the chlorine, which can shorten their lifespans. “Also, never water at night, when the plant is taking up carbon dioxide and make sure your plant does not sit on anything that retains moisture. This includes mediums such as moss, fabric, or sand as “that will rot the bottom for sure”, warned the pros.