A woman has had the last laugh after winning the lottery twice after her husband and best friend started an affair behind her back. The unnamed woman from Barranquilla, Colombia, was left having to pay a huge mortgage solo after her husband walked out on her to move in with her best friend. The mother, who works as a seamstress, had spent all her savings trying to keep up with payments on the property and had begun to default on loan repayments. But just days before the home was due to be reposessed, the mum decided to try her luck by purchasing a lottery ticket. And she was amazed to find she was one of the lucky winners one year to the day her husband walked out on her. The mother claimed that, before buying the ticket, she was also facing the burden of paying her daughter's tuition fees, which she couldn't find the money for. The Sun reports the mother's financial issues meant her student daughter could not enroll in an accounting course this term at her private university.  But on January 17, she decided to purchase two separate lottery tickets which both turned out to be winners. After scooping the jackpot, the mother bagged a total of £268,000 and was left "trembling" when she realised her big win. The eye-watering sum means the woman is now one of Colombia's biggest ever lottery winners. According to reports, it is also the largest sum ever claimed on The Double Chance Millionaire game she entered. READ MORE: Jennifer Aniston ‘concerned’ over Brad Pitt’s new romance  Speaking about her win, the woman revealed the first call she received when she won the jackpot was from her ex. However, despite her scepticism that he may be sniffing around for a cut of her winnings, he claimed he only called "to congratulate her". The unnamed woman's happy ending comes after a UK lottery winner revealed scooping her jackpot was something she "wouldn't wish on anyone". Jane Park, 27, was just 17 years old when she won £1million in the EuroMillions Prize after buying her first ever lottery ticket. 