Prince Harry racked up costs of $20,000 a night at New York City's most exclusive new hotel to during a media blitz of his bombshell memoir. The 38-year-old stayed at Aman New York which demands a $200,000 membership fee for the privilege to stay there and is beloved by Kim Kardashian. An insider revealed that Harry's team would blockade the street to stop members of the public from spotting the royal. They told The US Sun: "The hotel boasts discreet luxury for only the wealthiest. "The only celebrity I've heard who has stayed at the newest New York City location is Kim Kardashian." The luxury resorts boasts facilities including a fully functional medical practice shepherded by Dr. Robert Graham, a Harvard-trained internist, as part of the wellness program offered to lucky members. READ MORE: 'F*** Prince Harry!' Fans left fuming as Duke avoids live audience  Its spas and gym has a gym with unexpected, high-tech fitness equipment. Their star stepper uses infrared heat elements to make guests sweat more while the workout benches include infrared rollers for lymphatic drainage. It comes as the Duke of Sussex's memoir is set to become one of the biggest books of the year, according to an industry expert, as it went on sale at half-price. Philip Jones, editor of The Bookseller, told the PA news agency it is "quite normal" to have a "big hardback" that booksellers think will do well sold at half-price by major retailers. Harry's controversial autobiography Spare is being sold for £14, not the recommended retail price of £28, in bookshops such as Waterstones and WH Smith as well as online at Amazon. His publisher Penguin Random House's imprint Transworld said on Tuesday so far 400,000 copies have been sold across hardback, ebook and audio formats on its first day of publication, making it the fastest selling non-fiction book ever. Larry Finlay, managing director of Transworld Penguin Random House, said: "We always knew this book would fly but it is exceeding even our most bullish expectations. "As far as we know, the only books to have sold more in their first day are those starring the other Harry (Potter)." DON'T MISS Nile Rodgers shut down King Charles and 'laughed' at his song mishap [INSIGHT]William shrugs off Harry's claims as he's seen for first time in 2023 [ANALYSIS]Harry warned relationship with Charles is 'irreparably damaged' [VIDEO] Spare was first leaked in Spain, where it mistakenly went on sale last week, and a host of revelations and private details about Harry's life and family have since emerged. Allegations from the book include his brother, the Prince of Wales, physically attacking him, and Meghan upsetting the Princess of Wales by saying she must have "baby brain" in the run-up to the Sussexes' 2018 wedding. Speaking before the sales announcement, Mr Jones said he believed Waterstones when the retailer said Spare had been one of its biggest pre-order titles of the past decade. He added: "It is likely to be one of the biggest books of the year in terms of sales and impact."