Newcastle are set to make their second signing this month after completing a potential £45million deal for Everton star Anthony Gordon. Eddie Howe has been keen to bolster his options both in midfield and attack, following the departure of Chris Wood to Nottingham Forest. The Magpies' Saudi Arabian owners splashed the cash a year ago as part of their first transfer window at the club, signing Bruno Guimaraes, Kieran Trippier, Dan Burn, Matt Targett and Wood. However, this month has been a slower burn as only Garang Kuol had joined the club before interest was stepped up in Gordon. Before the window opened, Howe admitted that he would like another “transformational” signing to be made, similar to the one that saw Guimaraes join the club. "We would love another transfer like [Guimaraes] because I thought it was transformational for the team and for the group,” Howe said in December. “They are difficult players to find but that's our job to try and find them and we will endeavour to do that. I am not pretending to watch players, I am watching them, with a view to signing them. I am not acting that out when I am alone at home!” Express Sport takes a look at what business could be left to do as Newcastle aim to stay in top-four contention and qualify for next season’s Champions League, while potentially winning some silverware in the process. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE Newcastle are set to see off any Chelsea interest in Gordon as Everton came down from their initial £60m valuation of the England under-21 international. The Magpies have agreed a £40m fee for Gordon, which could rise to £45m if certain add-ons are met in the future. They will be wary of Chelsea, however, who have been known to gazump their rivals in the transfer window if co-owner Todd Boehly and co have their sights set on a particular signing, as they did with Arsenal’s pursuit of Mykhaylo Mudryk. Chelsea previously had an offer of over £50m rejected for Gordon, so they will be hoping to finalise the transfer swiftly. Gordon is expected to line up in one of the wide roles upon his arrival, while Howe has previously stated he would like more quality to be added in midfield. Leicester’s James Maddison has been a long-term target and The Independent have claimed that he could yet move this month. Maddison could provide an extra layer of creativity from Newcastle’s midfield, as they have struggled to break teams down as of late and would represent another potential transformational signing that Howe has been craving. DON'T MISSTransfer news LIVE: Arsenal £60m Caicedo bid, Chelsea deals die, Gordon swapCaicedo 'responds to Arsenal bid' with private Brighton messageArsenal chief Edu has 'considerable funds to spend' with next signing decided Both Newcastle and Arsenal alongside Borussia Dortmund are vying for Real Valladolid’s teenage right-back Ivan Fresneda. The Gunners are said to have agreed a £13million fee with the Spanish side, who are hoping to keep their defender on loan for the remainder of the season. Newcastle are hoping to sign the 18-year-old as competition for Trippier in the short term, while he may be eyed as a potential successor to the England international. Trippier has had a stellar season, but Howe will be hoping to get some cover for their star in the January window in the form of Fresneda.