Midsomer Murders is on ITV and the rerun sees DCI John Barnaby (played by Neil Dudgeon) investigate a body found pinned to a wall. The headmaster was a member of a mysterious club for geniuses and Barnaby and DS Jamie Winter (Nick Hendrix) start to delve deeper into the faction. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. Eddie is played by Mark Benton, a 57-year-old English actor and presenter best known for Waterloo Road and Early Doors. He may also be recognised as Howard in Northern Lights and Martin Pond in Barbara. He joined the BBC series Shakespeare & Hathaway: Private Investigators as lead character Frank Hathaway in 2018.  Birgitte Poulsen appears in two episodes in the series and the detective is played by Danish guest star, Ann Eleonora Jørgensen. The 57-year-old actress is known for her film and stage roles including Taxa and The Killing. Her film credits include Italian for Beginners. READ MORE: Elaine Paige guest stars in Midsomer Murders season 20 episode 1 cast Grady is played by Peter Egan, a 76-year-old actor and animal rights activist. His TV credits include Big Breadwinner Hog and Downton Abbey, in which he played Hugh 'Shrimpie' MacClare. In 2010, he began to campaign publicly in support of animal rights.  Celeste is played by Ella Kenion, a 53-year-old actress known for her comedy roles. She starred in The Catherine Tate Show and We Know Where You Live. However, she is probably best known for playing Mrs Cakeworthy in The Green Green Grass, a role she held for four years. Carlton Scott is described as "ambition-frustrated" and he is played by Ray Fearon. Ray is a 49-year-old English actor known for his role as mechanic Nathan Harding in Coronation Street. He also voiced the centaur Firenze in Harry Potter and Fantastic Beasts. Luke is played by John Light, a 49-year-old TV, theatre and film actor known for the play Taken at Midnight. He may also be recognised for his roles in North and South and as Hercule Flambeau in Father Brown. DON'T MISS... Midsomer Murders' Annette Badland defends Fleur Perkins [INSIGHT] Emmerdale star opens up on landing role in Midsomer Murders [INTERVIEW] Midsomer Murders star details 'pretty spooky' moment on set [INSIGHT] Ginny is played by Ellie Haddington, a 67-year-old British actor who has been working for more than 40 years. She starred in over 100 episodes of Coronation Street at Josie Clarke in the 90s. Her other credits include Holby City, Endeavour, Doctor Who and The Bill.  Penny is played by Niamh McGrady, a film, stage and TV actress from Northern Ireland. She is known for her roles in Holby City and The Fall, in which she played PC Danielle Ferrington. Anika is related to headmaster Mahesh Sidana who is found dead, and she is played by Thusitha Jayasundera. The 52-year-old Sri Lankan actress played Tash Bandara in Holby City and DS Ramani De Costa in The Bill. Viewers may also recognise her as DS Ayesha Masood from Silent Witness.  Leo is the son of Carlton and he is played by Chance Perdomo, an American-born English actor. The 26-year-old is known for his roles in Killed By My Debt and Chilling Adventures of Sabrina.  Midsomer Murders airs on Fridays on ITV at 9pm.