Houssem Aouar was once one of Europe's most coveted young midfielders, and Arsenal were among the forefront of linked suitors earlier in Mikel Arteta's reign. But he could now be set to leave Lyon on a free transfer in the summer, which could tempt the Gunners to reignite their interest. In the summer of 2020, Aouar was coming off the back of a tremendous campaign in which he helped guide Lyon to the Champions League semi-finals. The then-22-year-old was also in line to earn his senior debut for France, tipped as the future of Didier Deschamps' midfield. Amid the hype, Arsenal were tipped to sign Aouar, with Lyon thought to value him at £55million. However, the Londoners failed to match their valuation, reportedly seeing two offers worth £32m and £33.5m with Matteo Guendouzi included rejected. Barcelona, Juventus and Manchester City were also understood to be circling the creative midfielder, but since that summer, speculation has descended into silence on the transfer front. But Spanish reports claim that just three years after being touted for a £55m move, Aouar could leave Lyon for free at the end of the season. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE According to Relevo, Real Betis are pushing to convince the one-capped Frenchman to join on a free transfer this summer. Now 24, Aouar has entered the final six months of his Lyon contract and is free to speak to other clubs about signing a pre-contract agreement. Los Verdiblancos are willing to offer him a five-year contract worth around £2.2m per year, plus a £4.4m signing-on bonus and 30 per cent of a future sale. They also welcomed Aouar's brother and a key figure in the potential deal to Sevilla to familiarise themselves with the city and the club's Benito Villamarin Stadium. DON'T MISS: Chelsea and Spurs' £99m target Gvardiol declares love for Liverpool  Betis, unsurprisingly, aren't the only club interested in luring Aouar on a free transfer, though, with Nottingham Forest still lurking after their failed summer approach. More attractively, perhaps, AC Milan and Inter Milan are also keen to make a move, with the Lyon star understood to favour the former. But Betis hope to win the battle for his signature if he decides to depart France in July. Given their previously successful business with Lyon, they are likely to be optimistic, beating competition to take Nabil Fekir to La Liga in 2019. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here