Prince Harry has told how he has enough content to write another book after revealing he cut the book by half. In an interview with Bryony Gordon of The Telegraph, Prince Harry said the original transcript for his book, Spare, was twice the length of the final draft. He admitted that a lot of the content cut concerned interactions with his father and brother. Harry released his book on Tuesday which contained a number of revelations about his family, with one of the most prominent being that he was physically attacked by Prince William during an altercation. Prince Harry said: “The first draft was different. It was 800 pages, and now it’s down to 400 pages. It could have been two books, put it that way. And the hard bit was taking things out.” He added: “There are some things that have happened, especially between me and my brother, and to some extent between me and my father, that I just don’t want the world to know. Because I don’t think they would ever forgive me.” The Duke also told how he had 50 Zoom calls with his ghost writer over what he should and should not include in the final draft. Harry also claimed that the media had “a s--- tonne of dirt about my family, I know they have, and they sweep it under the carpet for juicy stories about someone else”. Harry has insisted it was impossible to tell his story without referencing his family, saying he knew he was "going to get trashed" for their inclusion in the bombshell book. He admitted that the notion frustrated Prince William, adding: “He has made it very clear to me that his kids are not my responsibility.” Regardless, he said he liked to “fix” things and was approaching his mission with “long-term, strategic thinking”.  READ MORE: Harry and Meghan appear to disagree on what she wore on first date “This is not about trying to collapse the monarchy – this is about trying to save them from themselves,” he claimed. “I know that I will get crucified by numerous people saying that.” But despite the allegations, Harry has insisted he wants his family back in his life. His “technique”, he suggested, was to completely curtail the relationship between the Royal family and the press and, by doing so, protect them. “When you’re trying to change an institution, and fundamentally the media landscape, that is not a small task,” he added. “The scale of the challenge is enormous, and I have to be able to protect myself mentally and emotionally throughout that process.” DON'T MISS:Harry called out for demeaning himself in US TV blitz [INSIGHT]Harry has 'the courage to be himself' as 'dull' royals blasted [COMMENT]Chelsy Davy 'shared sense of humour' with Kate when dating Harry [ANALYSIS] It comes as well-wishers urged Prince William and Kate to "keep going" as the couple resumed royal duties just two days after Prince Harry's explosive memoir - with William appearing to respond for the first time to the devastating claims as he replied: "I will." The Prince and Princess of Wales received a very warm welcome to the new Royal Liverpool University Hospital on Thursday, appearing in public after the Duke accused his brother of physically assaulting him, and Kate of a series of spats with his wife, Meghan. Among the crowds was patient Sylvia Staniford, 81, who gripped William’s hand tightly and said: "Keep going, keep going. Scousers love you." William smiled at her warmly and replied: "Yes, I will." Mrs Staniford said afterwards: "Of course, that was a reference to Harry. He knew what I was talking about." 