Lisa Marie Presley, the singer and songwriter, known for being the only child of Elvis Presley, died of a cardiac arrest on January 12, 2023, aged 54 in her rented home in California. The Hollywood stalwart, once married to Michael Jackson, resided on a three-acre plot in an enormous 7,440 square feet home, boasting six bedrooms and six and a half bathrooms. Sitting on a quiet cul-de-sac, the New England-style chateau featured a huge double-height foyer and a home theatre, among numerous other home comforts. The home boasted a solarium and the main bedroom is set across two levels, with its own bathroom, walk-in wardrobe, massage room, and fireplace. On the ground, residents enjoyed gorgeous views, a dining terrace, and a luxurious pool with a spillover spa. READ MORE: Twitter to be sued by Crown Estate over failure to pay rent at London headquarters Lisa Marie had been living in the rented mansion, in a gated community monitored by guards, after having sold her home in the same neighborhood in a $2 million off-market deal. This former home was the location her son Benjamin Keough tragically took his own life at the age of just 27. She had bought the nearby property, 3,582 square feet with five bedrooms and four bathrooms for $1.8 million four months before her son's tragic death. Calabasas itself sits in the southwestern region of the San Fernando Valley, with a population of around 23,240. Only 31 miles from Downton Los Angeles, it's popular with commuters. The etymology of the city's name is disputed. Some claim it comes from the Spanish word calabazas, meaning "winter squashes", while other historians claim it comes from the Chumash word calahoosa, meaning "where the wild geese fly". In centuries past the area was home to the Chumash Native Americans. DON'T MISSSuspect arrested as seven killed in California gun rampageChild's body found in search for missing Athena BrownfieldTrump accused of friendship with Philadelphia mob boss  The Warner Bros. Ranch was once located where the Calabasas Park Golf Club is now, and films such as Showboat and Carousel were shot there. The area is probably best known for its famous residents, which include the Kardashian and Jenner families. Youtuber Jake Paul lives in the area, as does actor and comedian Ken Jeong and Star Trek's own William T. Riker (aka "Number One"), Jonathan Frakes. The average home in Calabasas costs $1,740,942. The most expensive area in the region is The Oaks, where homes cost an average of $3,926,553, followed by Old Agoura, where homes cost $2,154,883 on average. Looking for a relative bargain in Calabasas? The East Agoura region is the cheapest, where the median property price is $587,027. Lisa Marie was also the owner of Graceland, Memphis, the home and place of death of Elvis Presley. The mansion is now a museum to the rock and roll singer and was declared a historic landmark. The home on the 14-acre property was built in 1949 by architects Furbringer and Ehrman in the Colonial Revival style. The stunning home is 17,552 square feet with eight bedrooms and bathrooms. It features a music room with grand stained glass windows in a peacock design, where a black baby grand piano sits. The home has not been redecorated since it was inhabited by the music icon, and so features many of the typical styles of the 50s, including an entirely punk en-suite full bathroom and velvet purple bedspreads. The Graceland estate is thought to now be worth $718 million.