UFC supremo Dana White has issued a grovelling apology for the "horrible" situation on New Year's Eve, during which he was filmed slapping his sife in the face. White and his partner Anne, married for 26 years, saw out 2022 in Mexico, partying at El Squid Roe in Cabo San Lucas. White, 53, has presided over MMA's biggest promotion since 2001, and has a net worth of more than £400 million. Back in 2014, he publicly said that there would be zero tolerance with UFC fighters who were violent towards women. But that stance has returned to haunt him after video footage of his altercation with his partner went viral on social media. The two appear to be arguing before Anne slaps her husband, who immediately retaliated by slapping her back. Opening up about the incident to TMZ, White offered a candid explanation: "My wife and I were out Saturday night on New Year's Eve. Unfortunately that is what happened," he said. "I am one of the guys who says there is never, ever an excuse for a guy to put his hands on a woman and now here I am on TMZ talking about it. JUST IN: Conor McGregor takes down 'horny' post as concerns raised by fans ahead of UFC comeback "This is one of those situations that is horrible. I am embarrassed. We have three kids and since the video popped up, we have shown the kids and we are more focused on our family right now. "People are going to have their opinions on this and people's opinions would be right, especially in my case. You don't put your hands on a woman, ever." DON'T MISS:Paddy Pimblett sent eerie warning by UFC star who is 'notorious for killing hypes'Conor McGregor and Jon Jones feature in best possible UFC fights in 2023Top five UFC fights of 2022 featuring Leon Edwards and Khamzat Chimeav His wife Anne said via TMZ: "To say this is out of character for him is an understatement - nothing like this has ever happened before. Unfortunately, we were both drinking too much on New Year’s Eve and things got out of control, on both sides. We’ve talked this through as a family and apologised to each other." The next UFC card is scheduled for January 14 in Las Vegas, with the middleweight clash between Nassourdine Imavov and Kelvin Gastelum the main event. White had initially been expected to attend.