Anyone with Sky Q, Sky Glass or the new Sky Stream box in their living room will now find another streaming service has been made available on these devices. Sky has just announced that it has launched Amazon Music on its popular gadgets allowing users to access millions of tunes right on their TVs. If you weren't already aware, Amazon Music is just like Spotify with it offering tracks, playlists and personalised recommendations for a small monthly fee. In total, there are over 100 million ad-free songs on demand including the latest releases and No.1 albums. Those who already subscribe, or sign up for the service, will now be able to find all of their music via Sky with the firm even offering simple voice commands to launch the service. Users can simply say “Hello Sky, open Amazon Music” to their Sky Glass TV, “Amazon Music” into their voice remote, or find it in the apps rail. Amazon Music now joins other platforms including Disney+, Netflix and Apple TV+ which are all now integrated into Sky's home screen to make finding content more seamless. READ MORE: Best Sky deals: Get lowest EVER price on Sky Stream, Sky Glass TVs, cheap Sky Q “At Sky we’re focused on bringing people the best entertainment experience, and the launch of Amazon Music on Sky Glass, Sky Stream and Sky Q really emphasises that," said Fraser Stirling, Global Chief Product Officer at Sky. "Fans can enjoy a huge selection of brilliant music and playlists on their TV alongside the best range of shows, movies and fitness content." This is the first big upgrade coming to Sky devices but it's definitely not the last. A much-anticipated new feature, called Personalised Playlists, was due for release at the end of 2022 but this blockbuster upgrade will be coming this year. Once live, families will be able to set up their own profiles which basically means parents won't be bombarded by cartoons when they settle down for an evening's viewing and kids won't be shown anything that might be inappropriate for their age. There's no exact release date for Personalised Playlists but Sky has told us to expect more news to be announced soon along with some other exciting new upgrades. It has also been confirmed that this feature will roll out on Sky's Glass TV and new Stream box although it's currently unclear if Sky Q owners will also be able to set up more personalised viewing.