Militant union leaders yesterday vowed to continue the crippling industrial action for months, denying they are running out of money. Unions vowed to continue bringing Britain to a standstill, and one even threatened legal action against the Government if it curbs their influence. As many as 80,000 trains will be cancelled this week as a result of two unions striking over five days, stopping millions from returning to work after the Christmas break. Business leaders last night warned the strikes could have a devastating impact on struggling firms, with employees unable to get into work. Alan Soady, from the Federation of Small Businesses, said: “There’s definitely an effect. Small businesses are the collateral damage of strikes. “They are the ones whose businesses are hit. They are losing money because of something that has nothing to do with them. “Take it into the context of everything else that has gone on – they are facing the biggest tax burden in 70 years, soaring energy bills and the impact of the pandemic and the lockdowns. Those who had reserves, that has all gone. “Ultimately, it will lead to some having to close or downsize as a cumulative effect of what has happened.” A Confederation of British Industry spokesman said: “Travel disruption during the all-important festive trading period could have dire consequences for businesses already struggling against severe economic headwinds. “Under-pressure sectors like retail, events and hospitality, which will have been pinning recovery hopes on a successful Christmas, will be particularly hard-hit, while disruption to freight services will further stretch supply chains. “Recurring walkouts risk undermining public confidence in a rail network yet to return to full capacity after the pandemic. “This would be bad news for an industry which has a key role to play in the UK’s ambitions around net zero and regional growth. Urgent talks to avert further damaging strike action are therefore vital.” A fresh wave of strikes this week will cause travel chaos as RMT members and drivers in the Aslef union stage walkouts. Around 40,000 RMT members on Network Rail and 14 train operating companies will take action on January 3, 4, 6, and 7, shutting down most rail services across the country. A one-day strike on Thursday by drivers will cripple services. Passengers have been urged to only travel if necessary. Dave Penman, general secretary of the FDA civil service union, said Rishi Sunak’s proposed crackdown on strike rules would not stop the strikes. He said: “They might be able to have some minor restrictions around the impact of some of these strikes, but the strikes are going to continue. “If the government wants to resolve this, they need to address those issues [pay and conditions], not tinker with what are still some of the most draconian laws around strikes in the Western world.” The Trades Union Congress (TUC) has warned it could launch legal action against the government if it tries to restrict industrial action rights. Government insiders believe the unions will eventually run out of money and will have to end strike action. But Mick Lynch, the general secretary of the RMT, said: “They are wrong. This isn’t just pay, it’s about conditions. It’s about the way our members are deployed. Our members are fully committed to defending their positions.” Mick Whelan, the general secretary of Aslef, said that his union was “in it for the long haul”. ”We don’t want to go on strike but the companies have pushed us into this place.” He said: “The train companies say their hands have been tied by the government, while the government, which does not employ us, says it’s up to the companies to negotiate with us. “We are always happy to negotiate — we never refuse to sit down at the table and talk — but these companies have offered us nothing, and that is unacceptable.” Mark Serwotka, the head of the PCS union which represents border officials, civil servants, and driving test examiners, said that his members could sustain strike action “well into the summer”. He told Times Radio: “We’re not running out of money. Our strike fund is the biggest it has been for eight years, and we have taken steps to raise millions of more pounds and we can sustain our strike action well into the summer. “And so instead of the government whistling to keep their spirits up, they should do what they’re elected to do, which is to properly try to resolve these problems. “That means talking, not hiding. And if the government’s not prepared to do the right thing, frankly, it should step aside.” Mr Lynch said rail executives are “in despair” with ministers. He said: “We’ve outlined what we need to make progress; these are experienced people we’re dealing with, but the government simply will not give a mandate to the employers, Network Rail and the train operators that will allow this deal to be resolved. “They’re sitting on their hands and are noted by their absence from this scene. They keep saying that they’re facilitating a deal. And I think it’s absolutely the opposite to that.” Lynch added: “The executives who run the industry day on day are in despair at what the government is making them say in these talks.”