Research from On the Beach has found a new trend for short mid-week breaks to Spain. Jokingly named, WTF holidays, the breaks take place on Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays and are most popular with women between the ages of 35-44. The holiday company saw a 57 percent increase in demand for women booking holidays in the middle of the week. READ MORE: Tenerife holiday warning as strict rules start tomorrow Spain’s sunny Costa Blanca topped the wish list for a mini break in January and it’s not hard to see why. With over 200 km of Mediterranean coastline, holidaymakers will be spoilt for choice in the Costa Blanca. Hotspots on the sunny coast include Benidorm, Torrevieja, Denia and Alicante which are all popular with British tourists. The region’s best rated attraction on Tripadvisor is Castillo de Santa Barbara, a historic fortress overlooking Alicante. ‘Paddling_hiking-Gal’ wrote on the review platform: “Terrific views and worth the visit. You could walk where you wanted, take your time looking and not be stepped on or pushed forward by throngs of people.” ‘StIves3’ wrote: “If you do anything in Alicante, you must visit the castle. When you get to the top it is so worth it!” Other top destinations include the Mundomar aquarium and Benidorm’s stunning beach, Playa de Levante. Benidorm is a great destination for British tourists who want to party as the resort has a busy nightlife district. READ MORE: Jane McDonald shares the ‘place to go’ on a cruise ship Majorca took second place on the list and is generally a bit more expensive than the Costa Blanca. The gorgeous island is known for its breathtaking beaches, clear waters and is a favourite of celebrities. Spain’s Costa del Sol was another popular spot and includes the top destinations of Malaga and Marbella. Ibiza, another Balearic island, also landed a spot on the list while Lanzarote was the most popular Canary Island. Zoe Harris, chief customer officer at On the Beach, said: “Mums now own the midweek getaway, and deservedly so! “WTF holidays were usually reserved for the younger generation, taking days off from work to enjoy a group holiday to a short haul location, now that has all changed. “Mums across the country are taking a well earned WTF break and sunning themselves in beach locations across Europe. “It just goes to show that you can catch some me-time, no matter what age!”