Phillip Schofield, 60, was enjoying his break so much that he lamented the fact he had to leave. Posting a photo of himself from Copenhagen's famous waterfront, with its rows of brightly coloured buildings, he admitted: "Sad to leave Copenhagen." The This Morning star, who viewers usually catch alongside co-host Holly Willoughby, added: "No question, the friendliest city I’ve ever visited." Phillip was replaced by Andi Peters on the show yesterday as his festive break continued. The presenter's daughters, Ruby and Molly, whom he shares with estranged wife Stephanie Lowe, also posted snaps from Scandinavia to their Instagram pages, hinting that they were enjoying a family reunion on holiday. It wasn't long ago that he and Holly were UK-based together, donning colourful Christmas jumpers in aid of charity, before he jetted off on his secret Scandinavian break. He opted not to say a word about where he was until it was time to leave, when he shared a selfie from Nyhavn Harbour. DON'T MISS... Kelly Monteith, beloved BBC comedian, dies aged 80 Almost 13,000 fans hit the like button, while @frannquinn21 quipped: "Now you need to go to Stockholm!" Phillip will have been enjoying cobbled streets loaded with Christmas markets, some of which don't pack up until well into the New Year. The air is filled with the traditional festive drink glogg, while tourists can opt to take a boat trip along the picturesque canal, or simply retreat into one of the cosy restaurants and cafes that line the waterfront. Copenhagen is also known for having been home to fairytale author Hans Christian Andersen, who once lived on the very waterfront Phillip had snapped a selfie from. The late author is legendary among kids for writing centuries old classic stories such as The Little Mermaid - a statue of whom can be seen in the city too. Fortunately, some This Morning episodes had been pre-recorded to screen over the festive period, meaning fans didn't miss out on too much while Phillip was enjoying the sights, sounds and smells of the Scandinavian city. It is believed to be his first time in Copenhagen, as he gets back into the routine of taking breaks abroad following the pandemic. Earlier this year, Phillip spent the spring in the French Alps, so he is accustomed to an icy chill and isn't likely to have become overwhelmed by the northerly winds in Denmark. At the time, the ITV host took a ski trip as part of the celebrations for Hollywood actor Luke Evans' birthday. DON'T MISS... Rod Stewart announces unborn baby's gender in adorable clip with Penny [BIG REVEAL] James Jordan's wife Ola says he's no 'misogynist' over weight comments [DEBATE] Kim Kardashian tells Gwyneth Paltrow her next marriage will be a charm [PODCAST] Posting from the location back in April, he captioned the photo of his break - which he also shared with former Dragon's Den star Kelly Hoppen - "Ski gang 2022". It was the same situation then as in Copenhagen, with the sad star confessing: "I don't want to go [home]." Kelly had hosted, along with her husband John, as the large group, including Phillip, set out celebrating the birthday. As viewers looked at the images posted amid snow-capped mountain scenes, some exclaimed they hadn't been aware of his friendship with Luke before then. Meanwhile, Phillip has one holiday destination that he's still very loyal to - Portugal, where he has a second home. He had previously spent some time at his Algarve property every summer, before coronavirus restrictions forced him to miss his usual trips. Phillip used to share footage of the family holidays enjoyed at the home prior to his split from wife Stephanie, and many fans hope their annual tradition will resume in the future in spite of the separation. The location holds plenty of memories for him, with co-host Holly Willoughby and her husband Dan Baldwin having visited him there in the past. Fellow presenter Declan Donnelly has also been a guest at the spacious villa, with his wife Ali Astall. He, Phillip and Ant McPartlin previously all invested in holiday properties at the golf resort Quinta do Lago. Meanwhile, fans raved over one candid picture of him straddling an inflatable unicorn while he chilled out in the pool there.