Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Taurus (Apr21/May21) Although it goes against your natural desire to take your time over the jobs that you do, it will be possible to take some shortcuts and still keep everyone smiling. Finishing work before a deadline seems to be more important than getting it perfect at this time. Gemini (May22/June21) Your popularity will make for mixed influences in social events, creative pursuits and family affairs. Someone will want you all to themselves but you cannot oblige them when others are keen to have you join in with group activities being arranged. Cancer (June22/July23) Where’s your self-control? You are strongly tempted to indulge in an extravagant purchase but can you really afford it? Do you really need this item? If you give in to temptation you could regret it later. Leo (July24/Aug23) There’s an increasing restlessness that makes you disinclined to get down to tasks that are serious, tricky or time-consuming. You would rather be out and about, doing things you want to do and generally, pleasing yourself. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) Keep a smile on your face even when you are dealing with awkward, argumentative or annoying people. You can overcome obstacles, despite any opposition you may encounter. Your success with a difficult challenge will put you at the centre of attention.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) Keep a secret someone shares to you, to yourself. There will be others who would be interested in this information but you are being trusted to keep it under wraps. Avoid putting anything in writing or making comments on social media that might attract attention to yourself. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) It will be through choice that you are working on your own but this could also mean you are pushing yourself to your limit. Don’t be reluctant to delegate some responsibilities. Avoid taking on additional commitments for the time being. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) Someone will try to persuade you to commit to more than you prefer. It doesn’t matter how charming, persuasive or friendly they may be, if deep down you aren’t keen on what they are asking of you, refuse to get involved. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) An unexpected financial demand will set the stage for some dark clouds over money matters. You hadn’t expected to have to find a large sum of cash so quickly. The good news is someone in the family will offer to help you out and those clouds will soon drift away. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) A dream you have been nurturing for some time looks like it is coming closer to realisation. Someone you work with could in some way give you a helping hand. As you see hopes and wishes taking shape, you will feel more confident.