Mark Williams received a nasty surprise as he closed in on a first-round victory against David Gilbert at the 2023 Masters on Tuesday. His dominant snooker entertained the Alexandra Palace crowd, and they experienced bonus action after a wasp took a liking to the world No 7. Williams raced into a 5-2 lead at Ally Pally and was on the table to wrap up the triumph before a curious wasp hilariously halted play. As the camera overlooked the table, viewers heard the crowd breaking into laughter before it cut to Williams walking around shaking his body. "Mark's just won the Alexandra Palace dancing competition," commentary joked. The 47-year-old tried to regain focus before the wasp attacked again, prompting the official to swipe it away from his body. He may have thought he was in the clear, but no... Williams let out a nervous laugh as he looked down to see the insect planted on his genital area. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Trying to evade it, Williams asked the official for advice before the wasp approached again, making him kick the air in a panic to avoid the annoyance and potentially a sting. The Welshman then retreated back to his seat, running and dodging the wasp as it pursued him before he picked up a towel from his table to waft the tiny enemy away. He was in the clear... but the wasp turned its focus toward a cameraman. Audio picked up someone saying, 'it's on your neck' as the official tried to remove it from the nervous-looking operator. Play resumed shortly after as Williams removed the distraction from his mind to complete a 6-2 win against Gilbert - sat enjoying the show throughout the entire wasp debacle. Williams has set up a mouth-watering quarter-final against Ronnie O'Sullivan on Thursday afternoon. DON'T MISS: Ronnie O'Sullivan breaks silence on snooker match-fixing scandal After dispatching Gilbert, and the wasp, Williams said he expected the 2,000-strong crowd to be just as stimulating as they were for his 6-5 win against John Higgins at Ally Pally last year. "I can never get a better reception than last year against Higgins. It was unbelievable," he explained. "But it might be just as good against Ronnie. "Obviously, 99 per cent of the crowd will be on his side. I won't worry about that because it will be a great occasion. "I'm 48 in a couple of months, so who would have thought I'd be playing Ronnie here in front of a full crowd." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here