Rhod Gilbert, 54, announced that he has been battling stage four cancer back in July. The comedian, not one to shy away from a difficult topic, has shared he will use his diagnosis in a humorous light for upcoming comedy material. In his first interview since undergoing treatment, the Welshman revealed he thinks about his cancer 24/7 after losing jobs to the disease. Rhod shared: “It does feel weird. I don't know how much to talk about the cancer. I haven't really worked out what to say. “I’m really aware of mental health now and I’m checking in with myself every day. “I feel fine, weirdly. I’m happy, optimistic and hopeful that next year it’ll all come good.” READ MORE:Angelina Jolie, 47, and 'newly single' Paul Mescal put on cosy display He explained that despite losing his social life and on-stage career due to his health woes, he is committed to poking fun at serious topics in his upcoming tour, The Book Of John. 'When I get through this, the next show will be in a similar vein. The cancer is on my mind 24/7, but, when I'm well enough to write, I'm jotting down a few things. “And there is humour in there, definitely,” he added to The Guardian. Rhod has received letters and emails from people “all over the world” talking about their own experiences of a stroke, parents with Alzheimer's, or infertility, since adopting a more open approach. The comedian added that he is also looking forward to the rescheduled tour dates for 2023, which have been pushed back until the summer. It comes after his wife Sian Harries revealed they had to rush to hospital, after the comedian's recent treatment for stage four cancer. Sian took to Twitter last week to share that the couple had paid a visit to an “absolutely rammed” A&E. She did not reveal the reason for their visit, but went on to respond to concerned fans who asked if she and Rhod were well with a series of love hearts. DONT MISS:Ireland Baldwin announces she’s pregnant with first child (PHOTOS)Shakira aims cryptic dig over 'betrayal' and 'heartache' after split (NEWS)Nicola Peltz wows in bikini as she marks New Year without Beckham clan (LATEST) Sian penned: “A&E absolutely rammed with people with hacking coughs, we were only ones there wearing masks. “I just don't get it.” Welsh funnyman Rhod confirmed the news of his cancer diagnosis to his fans back in July, just days after pausing his UK tour. Previously, Rhod took to Facebook to reveal he's been suffering from gallstones and will have surgery to resolve the health issue this month. He announced seven of his shows that were scheduled to take place in January have now been postponed and will take place in the summer of 2023. “All my work has gone. My social life has gone. Everything has gone. “Everything. It’s just me and this bloody cancer, really," he told the BBC. “Having them is something to look forward to, really. But I’m making things sound very gloomy, and they’re not.” He continued, "I feel fine, weirdly. I’m happy, optimistic and hopeful that next year it’ll all come good.”