Tottenham may have finally stumbled upon a long-term replacement for Dele Alli following Bryan Gil's impressive performance in the 4-0 thrashing of Crystal Palace on Wednesday. Alli became one of the most promising young attacking midfielders in the world at Spurs under Mauricio Pochettino, and formed a hugely important part of the side which made it to a Champions League final in 2019. His form massively dropped off the season after, however, and the former England international eventually left the club a year ago to join Everton. But that switch has not worked out either, and he is now on loan at Turkish side Besiktas, in a move which sums up his dramatic fall from grace. Spurs have struggled to find a player to replace the flair and unpredictability that Alli was able to offer ever since. But going off his showing against Palace, Gil may just be the man who is able to step up and seize the opportunity. The 21-year-old Spanish winger first made the move to north London in a £21.6m deal from Sevilla in the summer of 2021. Big things were expected, but he was not initially able to deal with the physicality of the Premier League, and was sent back to Spain on loan at Valencia. Even at the start of this season he continued to flounder, and there were many who wondered whether he would end up being yet another big-money flop for Spurs. However, fans will be hoping the Palace game could signal a turning point. Boss Antonio Conte handed Gil a start due to the ongoing absence of Dejan Kulusevski, who is injured. Gil was bright from the start at Selhurst Park, and caused the Palace defence all sorts of problems with his speed and trickery. In the second half he threaded through a pinpoint pass to Harry Kane, who finished off beautifully to hand Gil a morale-boosting assist. And speaking at full-time, Conte was full of praise. "It was really important, you know about Bryan Gil we are talking about a player who was born to play football," the Italian said.  "He understands football quickly. He's so clever, so intelligent to understand the situation. Then you know this league is difficult, because you have to be good in quality and be fast and to have good endurance and he has this type of quality. "But at the same time you have to be strong physically. I think compared to last season Gil is improving a lot also under this aspect. He has to become stronger physically. "I compared him to Bernardo Silva, at Manchester City, because in my opinion they are really, really similar. He has to continue to work really strongly on the physical aspect because I repeat we are talking about a player with great quality." Whether Gil can build on this remains to be seen, but there will now be high hopes that he can finally fill the Alli-shaped hole which Spurs have been so desperate to find a solution to.