BBC Breakfast's royal correspondent Sarah Campbell headed to a Waterstones in central London to speak to members of the public who were eager to buy Prince Harry's memoir, Spare, on Tuesday morning. However, both Sarah and BBC viewers were left baffled as only one person was in the queue for the Duke of Sussex's book.  BBC Breakfast hosts Sally Nugent and Jon Kay wondered how "keen" people were to buy Harry's memoir as the cameras panned to Sarah. However, Sarah admitted the bookshop she was standing in only looked busy as it was full of members of the press getting pictures of Harry's memoir. She explained: "As you know there has been quite a security operation to try and protect copies of the book. "It wasn't entirely successful as there were copies which went on sale in Spain last week." READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'ill' Sarah continued: "I think because of all the pre-orders there are not many people outside, in fact, Caroline, who was here at 6am is so far the only person that has physically come in here." Caroline was being interviewed at 8.20am, and was still the only person queuing for the book in Waterstones. Caroline admitted: "I expected a lot more people here to be honest." She bought Princess Diana's True Stories book in 1992 when there were "a lot of people" queuing up to purchase it.  "People were running into the shops, battering down the door, and grabbing the book," Caroline claimed. Sarah asked Caroline why she wanted a copy of the 38-year-old Prince's book as well as the audiobook as "we have already seen and read a lot about it". She replied: "I've started reading a bit already and there is different stuff in there. "I am also getting the audiobook so I can hear his voice. I'll listen to the audiobook first then read the book." DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan slams Harry's Camilla criticism in celeb friendship swipe [LATEST]Prince Harry's claims of Camilla 'planting stories' shut down [UPDATE]GMB viewers slam ‘dreadful’ interview with Prince Harry's past fling [INSIGHT] As Caroline was being interviewed, BBC Breakfast viewers took to Twitter to comment on the lack of a queue. @AmazingUmbrella quipped: "#BBCBreakfast are now interviewing the one person who turned up to buy #Harry's book. She's going to buy the audiobook too." Simon Alcock added: "That is not a queue… It’s one [person] standing outside a bookshop for two hours. #BBCBreakfast." Liam Arnold shared: "This is like Black Friday. Loads of photographers and one person buying the book. #BBCBreakfast."  Nadezhda penned: "That has got to be the first time I was not happy to see a bookstore on TV #BBCBreakfast." GG added: "Hang on, did I hear right - she was at the bookstore at 6am #bbcbreakfast." David asked: "#BBCBreakfast is anybody buying the book or are they just going to take pictures?" BBC Breakfast airs daily at 6am on BBC One. 