Several providers increase their charges in April in line with either the CPI (Consumer Price Index) or RPI (Retail Price Index) measures for inflation, both of which are currently at more than 10 percent. They may also include an additional percentage, with consumers facing an 18 percent increase on their bills, according to industry analysts. Consumer group Uswitch.com has warned this could mean tariff increases of around £55 a year on broadband bills. The group has issued calculations, correct as of January 6, for how much each of the main providers will increase their charges in April. READ MORE: State pensioners could be owed £10,000 in back payments due to DWP error  Which mobile providers are planning mid-contract increases for their customers? DON'T MISS: Britons urged to check their eligibility for Cold Weather Payment [INSIGHT]Three in five Brits worry they won't have enough money for the year [ANALYSIS]Households can save over £800 on gas bills with DIY heating tip [EXPLAINED] Figures from Comparethemarket.com found household bills have gone up by £1,316 in the past 12 months, with a typical household shelling out £3,280 a year on their energy, care and home insurance, based on figures for November 2022. Analysts from the group warned consumers could see their payments suddenly increase when broadband bills go up in April. Hélène Barnes, cost of living expert at Comparethemarket, explained: “Millions of households will be worried about rising costs, with many struggling to afford their regular bills and energy prices which are at their highest level in years. “The cost of energy is set to increase further when the Energy Price Guarantee rises in April 2023. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing “Most broadband, phone and TV providers are also set to raise their prices in line with inflation in April, and many households will likely face a big payment shock. “Before these price rises are introduced, households need to check all their regular bills to see where they could save money.” Analysts found that with the average annual energy bill at £2,500, Britons are paying £1,233 more compared to average figures for November 2021, and £1,458 compared to November 2020. The Energy Price Guarantee began in October last year, capping the unit price of energy and meaning the average household pays £2,500 a year on energy bills. The guarantee is increasing in April this year, with average bills to go up to £3,000 a year, lasting for a year from then. All people in England, Scotland and Wales are receiving a £400 energy bills discount, paid in instalments across six months, from October 2022 to March 2023. The discount is being applied as two £66 instalments in October and November and four £67 instalments from December to March. People in Northern Ireland are to receive a £600 payment, combining the energy bills discount with another £200 as part of the Alternative Fuel Payment scheme.