Prince Harry’s long-anticipated book will hit shelves on Tuesday, January 10, and in the lead-up, the 38-year-old has sat down with journalist Tom Bradby and broadcaster Anderson Cooper for tell-all interviews. During the interview with Mr Bradby, which will air on Sunday,  the Duke of Sussex is tipped to talk in-depth about a range of subjects including his personal relationships with the members of the Royal Family, never-before-heard details surrounding the death of his mother, Diana, Princess of Wales, and his hopes for the future. In the 20-second preview clip, Harry made an emotional plea to King Charles III, admitting: “I just want my father back.” He said: “It never needed to be this way. The leaking...the planting, I want a family, not an institution. They feel as though it's better to keep us somehow as the villains. They've shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile.” Harry added: “I would like to get my father back. I would like to have my brother back.” However, despite the Prince’s apparent desire for a reconciliation with his UK-based family, royal commentators have argued that Harry seems to be “acknowledging that there’s no way back” for him and the royals. Speaking on this week’s episode of the Royally Us podcast, royal expert Jonathan Sacerdoti addressed the Duke of Sussex’s upcoming interviews. He said: “This is shocking stuff. It seems to me that he’s acknowledging that there’s no way back from this.” READ MORE: Prince Harry tipped to leave bombshell revelation out of book after public promise The commentator mentioned Harry’s desire to be reunited with his family, and said: “It seems a bit rich to be honest because Meghan [Markle] and Harry have done everything they could to alienate themselves from the family.” When asked what he thought “Harry’s endgame” is, Mr Sacerdoti said: “It’s endless. And it’s repeated over and over again because they haven’t got much else, and I think they’re proving that. “The other thing that the couple wants to market themselves as is leaders, thought leaders, great thinkers, but it’s nonsense. I don’t think anyone is falling for that.” He added: “In want of any actual quality material they can contribute to the world, they’re left with gossip about the Royal Family. But we’ve heard almost every allegation many, many times before. And I think that means that it’s wearing quite thin.” According to The Guardian, which reportedly acquired excerpts of the book ahead of publication, Harry has further delved into his relationship with Prince William, claiming that the older Prince physically attacked him during a confrontation in 2019. The alleged altercation took place in Nottingham Cottage — Harry and Meghan’s London home — after the Prince of Wales had been “parroting press narratives” about the Duchess of Sussex. William is said to have described the former actress as “difficult”, “rude”, and “abrasive,” having arrived at the Kensington Palace property “piping hot” to talk about “the whole rolling catastrophe” of their relationship and struggles they’d had with the press. The pair exchanged insults before William insisted he was trying to help, Harry wrote, to which the younger Prince responded: “Are you serious? Help me? Sorry – is that what you call this? Helping me?” DON'T MISS: Laughing Charles ignores Meghan and Harry's accusations as he dances [INSIGHT]Prince Harry's Nottingham Cottage claim debunked after expert analysis [REVEAL]Prince Harry's memoir tipped to have 'far more in it' than documentary [REPORT] After moving to the kitchen, Harry got his brother a glass of water, which William set down before allegedly calling Harry “another name, then came at me”. “It all happened so fast,” he wrote in the book. “So very fast. He grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor. I landed on the dog’s bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me. “I lay there for a moment, dazed, then got to my feet and told him to get out.” Harry alleged he refused to fight back and William swiftly apologised before saying: “You don't don’t need to tell Meg about this.” When his brother asked: “You mean that you attacked me?” William allegedly responded by denying that he had attacked him. The reporting on the leaked excerpts comes just days after a source told The Sunday Times that the book largely spares King Charles III but is devastating for William. The insider, who supposedly had read a proof copy of the ghost-written biography, said: “Generally, the book [will be] worse than the Royal Family is expecting. “Everything is laid bare. Charles comes out of it better than I had expected, but it’s tough on William, in particular, and even Kate gets a bit of a broadside. “There are these minute details and a description of the fight between the brothers. I can’t see how Harry and William will be able to reconcile after this.”