King Charles III's coronation could be overshadowed by the publication of a book by Virginia Giuffre, who accused Prince Andrew of sexual abuse. Ms Giuffre, 39, has reportedly signed a book deal 12 years in the making which is set to detail alleged meetings with Prince Andrew. She claims she was trafficked by convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein and his associate Ghislaine Maxwell, alleging the Duke of York sexually assaulted her when she was 17. Last year, Andrew, 62, settled a civil claim by Ms Giuffre with a reported £3 million out-of-court settlement. Andrew has repeatedly denied the allegations and the sum was not an admission of liability. As part of that agreement, both parties consented to a one-year gag clause which has prevented Ms Giuffre from repeating any allegations against the Prince. However, the agreement ends in March, just weeks ahead of King Charles' coronation on May 6.  A publishing insider told The Mirror about plans to "maximise" Ms Giuffre's book release "with no bigger occasion than the crowning of the King". The insider added: "All eyes will be on the Royal Family in the weeks leading up to Charles’s coronation. "Book releases are all about timing, and while there is speculation about whether Andrew will be seen at Westminister Abbey or on the Buckingham Palace balcony, what is certain he will be seen on every bookshelf around the world. "For the money the publisher has spent signing Virginia, they want to maximise their return. "There will be no bigger occasion for her book than the crowning of the king."  READ MORE: Prince William 'feels very betrayed' as Harry broke down close bond Although Ms Giuffre may not be able to repeat allegations about sex with Prince Andrew, she could still detail an alleged meetings with him while she was with Epstein, according to the insider. The insider added: "Either way, it pours further embarrassment on Andrew, the royals and the biggest day of his own brother’s life." The settlement agreed between Prince Andrew and Virginia Giuffre was not an admission of guilt by the Duke of York. He has consistently and vehemently denied any wrong doing. The Duke of York's representatives have been approached for comment. 