YouTube megastar KSI is set to step into the boxing ring once again when he takes on FaZe Temperrr tonight.  KSI was due to face Dillan Danis in a huge clash but the MMA fighter pulled out of the fight last week. But the Watford local didn’t waste any time in naming his new opponent putting his undefeated record on the line at Wembley Arena. Saturday night will mark KSI’s first bout since defeating rapper Swarmz and Luis Alcarez Pineda on the same night last August, both by knockout. He will only fight once on Saturday night and is due to headline the latest Misfits Boxing card in a six-round light-heavyweight clash. Last time out for FaZe Temperrr he defeated Overtflow at the MF & DAZN: X Series 003 in November. The esports player was initially expected to fight on the undercard but will now be a part of the main event. JUST IN: KSI outlines Conor McGregor fight plan with chilling warning to rival Jake Paul  In the buildup to his next fight, KSI engaged in a heated Twitter Live argument with arch rival Jake Paul. Paul asked KSI if he actually wants to fight him, to which the Brit replied: "I said what I said at the end of the year. Are you f***ing dumb? I am going to fight you." Asked when by Paul, KSI cried: "End of the year!" After claiming that KSI will "retreat", Paul said: "You always do, you always hide behind negotiations. I offered to fight you for free and you wouldn't do it so what are you going to do now?" KSI subsequently denied that Paul made the offer at all, with the pair quarrelling over whether he really did or not. KSI then claimed: "You didn't send me a contract." Paul hit back: "You can guarantee that. You are a b**** and I hope you realise it when you look yourself in the mirror. "Every night you realise you are ducking me and you are scared. The best thing to ever happen to you is Prime. My brother brought that to you because the Paul family brought that to you. But I'll see you later f*** boy." Once KSI's next fight is complete, all will be pointing towards a potential clash with Paul if the pair can finalise a deal. 