On Friday, Manchester United confirmed the arrival of Wout Weghorst - with the striker arriving from Burnley on a temporary basis following the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo. And, with the club yet to confirm his shirt number, in a rather strange turn of events, he could potentially be set for the No 7 jersey. It would be a shock move but Erik ten Hag is convinced the 30-year-old can succeed at Old Trafford. Manchester United were always hopeful of landing a striker this month, knowing they needed to fill the void left behind by Ronaldo’s departure. And, on Friday, they confirmed Weghorst would be touching down at Old Trafford. The striker previously struggled in the Premier League, netting just twice during his time at Burnley and failing to prevent their relegation to the Championship. Yet United are convinced Weghorst can be a key player for them, with Ten Hag’s side still in contention to claim four pieces of silverware this term. One rather strange aspect of his move (and there are certainly a few), is that United haven’t confirmed his shirt number. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big While they usually wait a few hours before doing so when it comes to summer recruits, it’s historically been a different case in January. Upon landing Bruno Fernandes and Odion Ighalo back in the New Year of 2020, both players’ numbers were revealed right away. It was a similar story with Alexis Sanchez two years previously, with the club happy to gift him the famous No 7 jersey following his arrival from Arsenal. And, even earlier this month, United confirmed Jack Butland would sport the No 31 after he touched down on loan from Crystal Palace. Yet, with Weghorst, they’re staying tight-lipped for the time being. With the No 7 shirt vacant, could it possibly be? DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see It would certainly be a huge show of faith given the significance of the number at Old Trafford. It is iconic, just like the No 10 with the likes of Brazil and Argentina at international level. George Best wore it during his playing days, etching his name into Old Trafford folklore as he propelled them to European Cup glory in 1968. Bryan Robson was a captain marvel for United and also did it justice as he helped two league titles and three FA Cups. David Beckham went from academy graduate to footballing superstar while wearing the No 7, before joining Real Madrid in 2003. And Ronaldo himself donned the digit during both of his spells at United, particularly flourishing during his first period at the club. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here To many, Weghorst is a surprise signing. But United chief John Murtough believes his strong personality will be key as they look to finish the season fully firing. “Wout has a consistent goalscoring record across several European leagues,” he told club media. “And his attributes will add a further dimension to our squad for the remainder of the season. "We were also attracted by his strong personality and dedicated approach to football, which fits perfectly with the spirit that Erik is building within our squad. “He has shown a huge desire to join Manchester United and be part of what we’re striving to achieve this season." Weghorst himself said: “I feel privileged to be joining Manchester United. I’ve played against the club in the past and it’s a fantastic feeling to now have the chance to pull on the famous red shirt. “I’ve seen United’s progress under Erik ten Hag this season and can’t wait to start playing my part in pushing the team towards its aims. "Whatever happens in the next few months, I can promise to give everything to the club for as long as I am here. "I thank everyone who has played a part in getting me to this stage, and now I am looking forward to meeting my new team-mates and getting involved straight away."