After her season four absence, Angela Blue Thunder (played by Q'orianka Kilcher) made her bold return to Yellowstone. While fans were pleased to see the determined lawyer make her comeback, many were left distracted by a major change to the character.   Angela was first introduced in season three after she was hired by Thomas Rainwater (Gil Birmingham) to represent the people of the Broken Rock Reservation. They were under threat by Market Equities, a company that also wanted to claim Dutton’s Yellowstone ranch. However, as the season progressed Angela started to push back against Thomas because she thought he was being too soft on the Duttons. As a result, she was on a quest to remove Thomas from power as the chief of the Broken Rock Reservation. READ MORE: Tom Chambers pays tribute to Father Brown star Mark Williams  As well as her bold move against Thomas picking up speed, fans were quick to notice a huge change to the character. Taking to a Yellowstone fan page, Redditor Littledolce13 wrote: “What is with Angela Blue Thunder's speech patterns in the new season?? “I thought maybe I was misremembering but caught her in the most recent marathon.” They explained: “In season three she speaks normally but in season five she sounds like she is trying to seduce everyone! It's really annoying and distracting. Ugh!”  Other fans were quick to agree, as Ilovethe90sforreal responded: “Yeah, I’ve been waiting for this to come up. “It’s so weird like she’s trying to be an overly dramatic soap opera mistress.” CrimsonAndClover22 added: “She just pops up every now and again and whispers angrily for no reason.” While kiwi_love777 simply remarked: “It’s very odd.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street star makes return to cobbles after three years [INSIGHT]Sorcha Cusack has left Father Brown as Mrs McCarthy after 10 years [INSIGHT]Yellowstone's Kevin Costner drops huge Jamie Dutton death hint [INSIGHT]  A fourth fan Mizzychick fumed: “She is so FREAKING annoying!!! Her voice/ speech patterns are maddening.” Despite the backlash, other fans defended the character’s speech and tried to make sense of the change. As Outside_Succotash648 stated: “I think they're trying to emulate the accent indigenous peoples have, which comes off as stilted English.” While DaBetterILkmyDawg noted: “It all gives me the impression that the character's appearance is supposed to be unlikeable and make one queasy from her being there.  “Like a greasy, seductive serpent, Mo sages the immediate surroundings every chance he gets after she's gone,” the fan added. With Angela determined to bring down Thomas, it became clear she was backing Martin Kills Many (Christian Wassana) for Chairman of Broken Rock. During episode six, she went behind Thomas’ back and organised a gathering for the arrival of the President of the United States. While Thomas argued about her needing his approval, Angela found a loophole and hit back: “This isn’t assembling, his is greeting the President of the United States, it’s important that the people know we aren’t invisible.” During the President’s visit, Angela was also able to secure his endorsement for Martin to replace Thomas.  Yellowstone season 5 continues Sundays on Paramount Network in the US and the following Monday on Paramount Plus in the UK. 