Tennis icons John McEnroe and Martina Navratilova, two of the most prominent voices in the sport, once joined forces to stage a protest against Margaret Court at the Australian Open.  A showcourt at the Australian Open is still named after Court, a 24-time Grand Slam singles champion who remains one of the most successful players in tennis history. But there has been a longstanding campaign to rename the Margaret Court Arena due to her views on LGBTQ issues and apartheid. Court has sparked widespread condemnation in recent years for her comments, including stating that tennis was ‘full of lesbians’ and that transgender children are the ‘work of the devil’. On South Africa's apartheid in 1970, she said: “South Africans have this thing better organised than any other country, particularly America.” The 80-year-old’s views have been criticised across the tennis world, and McEnroe and Navratiolva took matters into their own hands in 2020 with a Melbourne Park protest. At the end of a ‘Legends match’ on the neighbouring 1573 court, Navratilova, a longstanding campaigner for gay rights, climbed up into the umpire’s chair to address the remaining crowd in a protest.  JUST IN: Emma Raducanu can learn from Jelena Ostapenko as Latvian upsets Gauff  She had the microphone cut off, but was then joined by American McEnroe as the duo unfurled a banner which read: 'Evonne Goolagong Arena.’ Goolagong won seven grand slam crowns in her own storied career but was most importantly recognised as a trailblazer for indigenous Australian tennis. Navratilova and McEnroe shared the view that she should be recognised instead of Court at the Grand Slam. "I thought we got it going a couple of years ago,” Navratilova said afterwards, explaining the protest. “I thought Tennis Australia would do something - or the government of Victoria, as apparently they are the ones that make the decision - but nothing has happened.” Tournament organisers were clearly unimpressed as they released a statement in response to the protest, with McEnroe and Navratilova using their platform to make their message loud and clear. DON'T MISSCoco Gauff in tears as she follows Iga Swiatek out of Australian OpenJohn McEnroe rubbishes Australian Open complaint made by Nadal and coAndy Murray sends cheeky message to doctor after Australian Open exit  "We embrace diversity, inclusion and the right for people to have a view, as well as their right to voice that view,” the organisers’ statement read. "But the Australian Open has regulations and protocols with respect to how any fan, player or guest can use our facility, the event and the global stage it provides. This is to ensure the integrity of our event. Two high-profile guests have breached these protocols and we are working through this with them." The arena was named after Court in 2003 but still hasn’t been renamed to this day. Tennis Australia has consistently said it ‘does not align’ with Court’s personal views, but the organisation has refused to change the name of the court amid various campaigns. Most recently in 2022, there were calls from tennis fans to name the court after Ash Barty after the Aussie Open champion’s shock retirement from the sport.  