Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have turned down Piers Morgan's offer to sit down with the TV host for a tell-all interview, a source close to the Sussex's has said. In a recent podcast, the former Good Morning Britain host admitted he would love to confront the Duke and Duchess of Sussex face-to-face for a final showdown after the couple's bombshell claims in their interviews, docuseries and Harry's book 'Spare'. Speaking on Spencer Matthews' Big Fish podcast, the broadcaster said it was time to sit down with the pair. He said: "I do think the Duke and Duchess of Sussex would be great for them and for me." But a source close to the Sussexes has claimed that Archie and Lilibet's parents have "no plan to indulge into any new war with the host, adding that it will produce nothing good, but will surely hit the ratings of the show," according to GeoTV. In the interview on the podcast, Piers made a brutal dig at Harry. He said: "I think he's completely deluded, completely deluded, very manipulated. I mean, they’re as bad as each other, to be honest with you. I think that he genuinely believes he can do all this."  Piers has openly criticised the Sussexes since they first began making claims about the Royal Family. He famously left Good Morning Britain after denouncing Meghan's mental health claims, with fans of the show calling for him to leave at the time after the controversial comments. On March 9, 2021 Piers dramatically stormed off the set after he was slated by co-star Alex Beresford for his comments towards Meghan, leading him to quit the show. At the time ITV released a statement to confirm that he had left the breakfast show. READ MORE: Prince Harry dubbed Meghan's 'third child' as experts poke fun at Duke   The statement read: "Following discussions with ITV, Piers Morgan has decided now is the time to leave Good Morning Britain. "ITV has accepted this decision and has nothing further to add." Piers claimed he was "sickened" by Meghan for "trashing" the Royal Family as "white supremacists" during her interview with Oprah Winfrey. An ITV source said at the time that the controversial host was asked to apologise on March 9, 2021 and he refused which "ended with him telling producers he would not host the show any more". 