A disabled teeanage girl was found in "shocking" conditions by paramedics, which left them feeling "physically sick", a court has heard. Kaylea Titford, 16, weighed 22 stone at the time of her death in October 2020 when she was found "pale, cold" and "could not be woken". Her father, Alun Titford is on trial charged with gross negligence, manslaughter and causing or allowing the death of a child or vulnerable person, which he denies.  Her mother, Sarah Lloyd-Jones admitted manslaughter at a hearing last month. The initial 999 call was played to the court in which Mr Titford can be heard saying his daughter, who had spina bifida and needed to use a wheelchair, was "too big to move" when asked to position the teenager on her side. Paramedics who attended the scene told the court of the conditions Kaylea was found in, describing the room as "dirty". They revealed that there were several soiled incontinence pads around the room, including on the floor and around her legs. The court heard that there was "junk food cartons", urine-filled plastic milk cartoons and that there was faeces on the bathroom floor. They added that the smell of "rotting flesh" filled the room when they moved the teenagers duvet. Police officers who attended the scene told the court they "felt physically sick" at the smell, and saw "live maggots wriggling" on the mattress when her body had been moved. Officer David Wilkinson said: "It was a shocking situation to see someone in. "I didn't want to see what I saw." The court heard that, between 24 March and 11 October 2020, Kaylea's parents failed to ensure her dietary needs were met, leading to morbid obesity. It is alleged that Mr Titford failed to ensure the teenager got enough exercise, was in a hygienic condition and had a safe and clean living environment. Kaylea's mother, Ms Lloyd-Jones is due to be sentenced following with the judge warning "all sentencing options are on the table" but she would be given credit for her guilty plea. Kaylea's medical cause of death was given as "inflammation and infection in extensive areas of ulceration arising from obesity and its complications in a girl with spina bifida and hydrocephalus (fluid on the brain)". Coroner Graeme Hughes adjourned the inquest in Pontypridd until the conclusion of the criminal investigation. He said: "Those investigations give me a reason to suspect Kaylea death may be unnatural - in that a natural cause of death may be considered unnatural where there is some culpable human involvement or contribution to that death." The trial continues.