Channing Tatum, 42, is currently in a relationship with fellow actress Zoe Kravitz, 34, after finalising his divorce from Jenna Dewan, 42, in November 2019. In a recent interview the Hollywood actor opened up about the "super scary" divorce which left his life "turned on its axis". Channing met Jenna on the set of the film Step Up in 2006, with the former couple marrying four years later in July 2009. They then welcomed their daughter, Everly Elizabeth Maiselle Tatum in 2013. However, in 2018 the couple announced they were separating with their divorce being finalised in November 2019. Speaking in a new interview with Vanity Fair, Channing opened up about the "terrifying" divorce. READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss Describing their initial separation, Channing said: "In the beginning, it was super scary and terrifying. Your life just turns on its axis. "This whole plan that you had literally just turns into sand and goes through your fingers and you’re just like, 'Oh, s**t. What now?'" Channing, however, admitted looking back now the divorce gave him the opportunity to "work on" himself and focus on his daughter. Despite being in a new relationship and having previously dated Jessie J, Channing shared his fears over the possibility of marrying again. He said: "I don’t know if I’m ever going to get married again. "Relationships are hard for me. Even though I am a bit of a monogamist. "In business, I have no real fear of anything being destroyed. But heart things, when it comes to people I love, I have a really hard time. I end up trying too hard, you know?" Channing is currently promoting the last of the Magic Mike franchise, Magic Mike's Last Dance, which is due to be released on Valentine's Day. DON'T MISS... 'Most beautiful woman in world' Gina Lollobrigida has died [DEATH] Margot Robbie's childhood pal crashes red carpet appearance [HOLLYWOOD] Jeff Bridges admits 'fighting to surrender' two years after diagnosis [HEALTH] New teaser posters were shared last month showing a shirtless Channing with his arms wrapped around co-star Salma Hayek. The pair recently teased fans with the triquel's first trailer which previews their characters meeting at a cocktail party and the events that subsequently ensue. Salma previously detailed the steamy scene she shared with Channing and the "physically challenging" choreography. She told Entertainment Tonight: "My goodness. You just wait to see. It's very challenging. It's just complicated." Channing also spoke to the same outlet about the upcoming film, revealing: "I have a pretty crazy dance that opens the movie. "You've seen me dance onstage, but you've never seen me give an intimate, straight-up one-on-one lap dance. That's definitely going to be in the third [film]. "We kick it off on a pretty strong level. And then at the end, I might do a version of the water dance in the show, so there's a splash zone in the movie."