Van Dijk was substituted at half-time in Liverpool's 3-1 defeat by Brentford. The 31-year-old appeared to have suffered a hamstring injury, prompting concern that he could remain absent for a long period. However, Klopp has now revealed that while it is not a 'short-term' injury, the centre-back will miss the next few weeks. It comes after Van Dijk saw a specialist in the aftermath of Monday's game. "It's not a short-term and I had longer-term injuries as well in my career as a manager,” the Liverpool boss said. “So, it's somewhere in between. He will be out for a few weeks, definitely." Liverpool suffered their fifth defeat of the Premier League campaign against Brentford. The Reds are sixth in the top-flight, seven points off the Champions League qualification places. JUST IN: Luis Suarez's new club unveiling puts Cristiano Ronaldo to shame Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Klopp’s side host Wolves in the FA Cup on Saturday hoping to rediscover their form. Captain Jordan Henderson is available for selection after suffering a concussion in the build-up to the Brentford match. "He did exactly what he was allowed to do yesterday – big parts of team training without heading,” Klopp added. “And from today on, I think he's completely allowed to do everything." Midfield has been of a pressing concern for Klopp over the last few months. With ageing options, the aggressive and energetic performances of years gone by have been hard to find. Henderson is in line to play against Wolves alongside Fabinho, Thiago Alcantara, Harvey Elliott, or Naby Keita. But Liverpool are believed to want to strengthen their midfield in the January transfer window. DON'T MISS...Liverpool boss Klopp can try three changes to fix problems for WolvesLiverpool's Van Dijk injury blow may have blocked £10m Phillips exitLiverpool star Thiago sent scathing 'Masters Football' verdict in rant Jude Bellingham remains Klopp’s top target but that is a deal that must wait until the summer. There is also growing belief at Real Madrid that they can lure the England ace to the Spanish capital. Liverpool have already completed business in the winter window, securing a £35million move for Cody Gakpo from PSV. The 23-year-old will make his debut on Saturday. Klopp added: “First impressions of him are brilliant. With all these things, injured strikers and stuff like this, then you see a guy who is obviously a natural footballer on the pitch and knows where the goal is, it is a lift for everybody. “So, that's cool and somehow he will be involved, definitely.”