Andy Murray has come through two exhausting affairs at the Australian Open already and he's likely to go through another one against Spaniard Roberto Bautista Agut today, but the Brit's incredible show of fitness and grit will be a warning to everybody in his side of the draw. The former world No 1 has made it clear that he has no immediate plans to retire while his body can still withstand the rigours of playing on tour. That's been none so more evident than this week in his opening two matches at the Australian Open, with his victory over Thanasi Kokkinakis being an instant classic. The 35-year-old, playing with a metal hip and ankle braces, stayed on court for nearly six hours on Thursday night into the early hours of the morning to come from two sets and a break down against Kokkinakis. It was the opposite way around against Matteo Berrettini in the opening round as Murray appeared to run out of steam after taking a two-set lead over the Italian, only to dig deep and find that extra level to win in the 10-point tiebreak. No player in the history of men's tennis in the Open Era has come from two sets down more often than Murray with the victory over Kokkinakis being the 11th time he's achieved that feat. The main question now will be whether Murray has anything left to give for the remainder of the tournament. In comparison to Murray, Djokovic has spent half as long as the Brit on court in his opening two matches of the tournament.  Even Stefanos Tsitsipas, who has already completed his third-round match, has played five hours less than Murray. But the three-time major champion has proven throughout his career that he's arguably one of the fittest players on tour and, even with his injury troubles, he doesn't appear to be showing any signs of slowing down. Speaking after his win over Kokkinakis, Murray even stated that he felt better physically then than when he beat Berrettini earlier in the week. "Yeah, I mean, I actually felt better on the court today physically than I did the other day, which is a positive thing. But, yeah, finishing at four isn't ideal," he said. It's that kind of mindset that will surely affect Murray's upcoming opponents - just how do you stop a man willing to dig deeper than anyone else on tour? Facing that kind of mentality can be draining and much of tennis is all about the battle with yourself before stepping onto the court.  Nobody has done that better than Murray over the years with what he's gone through to where he is now. This is the first time Murray is through to the third round of the Australian Open since he went all the way to the final in 2016. If he beats Bautista Agut today, he has what should be an easier route through to the quarter-finals as no seeded player in his quarter has made it through. That could set up a tantalising match against long-term rival Novak Djokovic, who is facing his own battles due to a hamstring injury. If Murray makes it that far to the semi-final and Djokovic awaits him, the Serbian will know that the test won't come easy. Both tennis greats are superhuman with their fitness abilities and going through adversity, and Djokovic will know he will be made to work against Murray. It may come down to whoever's body holds up the longest if that match-up does happen. But Murray seems fit and raring to go. And that's a dangerous thing for everyone still left in the tournament.