Nick Kyrgios’ old foe Bernard Tomic sent the world No 21 a surprising message after he underwent knee surgery which forced him to pull out of the Australian Open. The two Aussie players used to be friends early on in their careers but have since been embroiled in an ongoing feud, with Kyrgios previously branding the 30-year-old “the most hated athlete in Australia” but Tomic put their differences aside with a supportive post following Kyrgios’ procedure. Kyrgios underwent an arthroscopic procedure to clean up his lateral meniscus and remove a paralabral cyst on his knee on Monday, seven days after he was forced to pull out of his home Grand Slam tournament. The 27-year-old shared photos to his Instagram account post-op and is now eyeing a comeback at the Indian Wells Masters in March. Following his surgery, the Wimbledon finalist received a surprising message from Tomic - the former world No 17 who had beef with Kyrgios for years. The pair are known for trading blows on social media but this time around the 30-year-old appeared to wave the white flag as he shared his support for the 27-year-old in his recovery process. “Despite our differences we go way back,” Tomic said, reposting Kyrgios’ hospital photo to his own Instagram story. “With @k1ngkyrg1os a quick recovery. Hope to see him back on the circuit soon.” JUST IN: Aus Open urged to take 'harsh measures' over Russian star's message    It comes just weeks after Kyrgios claimed that Tomic didn’t deserve an Australian Open wildcard after the world No 468 was snubbed by his home Slam and instead played an ITF event in Doha where he reached the final. A fan tweeted Kyrgios back in December to ask: “Surely Tomic deserves a wildcard?”  DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic takes spicy swipe at de Minaur after 'circus' commentsAustralian Open LIVE - Djokovic hits back at 'fake' injury criticsAus Open sees first retirement as Sebi Korda struck by down injury “It’s time for BT to just quiet down. He ain’t even playing anymore. I got years left.” Tomic then screenshotted Kyrgios’ words and shared his own Instagram story in response, sharing his own savage remarks as he wrote: “The only logical explanation is that I’m his idol. He’s always been in my shadow growing up. “That’s why anytime someone mentions my name to him, it gets under his skin. He knows he can’t rewrite history. The records that I set when I was 16, 17, 18, and 19 — youngest slam quarter-finalist at Wimbledon (since Boris Becker), the biggest tournament in the world. He knows he can’t change that, he can’t rewrite that and he would love to shut me up if he could, he knows he can’t. He knows my style dominates his and he knows he will lose.” 