Eddie Murphy is currently making headlines after starring in Netflix's new romantic comedy You People. But during his press tour, he was quizzed over the future of the Shrek franchise. Murphy played the lovably idiotic Donkey in the four Shrek movies - Shrek, Shrek 2, Shrek the Third, and Shrek Forever After. But since then, the franchise's focus has changed, releasing two Puss in Boots movies. Murphy believes it should have gone a different way. Murphy was first asked whether he would return as Donkey in another movie. "I’d absolutely be open,” he admitted. "If they ever came with another Shrek, I’d do it in two seconds. I love Donkey." He then took aim at the two most recent films to have come from the fantasy series: Puss in Boots and Puss in Boots: The Last Wish. He said: "They did Puss in Boots movies, they should have [done] a Donkey movie." Murphy added: "Donkey is funnier than Puss in Boots. I mean I love Puss in Boots, but he ain’t as funny as Donkey!" While no news has been dropped about a potential Donkey movie, there have been rumours about the next instalment in the Shrek series. Hollywood scooper, Daniel Richtman, recently posited that Shrek 5 is "already in the development stage". He added that the movie will "arrive very soon". (Via Screen Rank) DON'T MISS...Eddie Murphy mocks Will Smith in Golden Globes speech over Oscars slap [NEWS]Eddie Murphy’s 15 year feud with fellow comedy star who humiliated him [INFO]The Beatles star gave final handwritten letter to Austin Powers star [INSIGHT] Richtman's news follows a 2018 report from Variety that claimed animation studio Illumination was "overseeing" a Shrek revival. And Murphy is not the only actor from the series who would love to make a comeback to the franchise. The voice behind the titular hero, Mike Myers, previously confirmed his stance on making a comeback. "I love playing Shrek," he said. "If I had to do one Shrek a year I’d be thrilled." Myers also previously opened up about his adoration for the fairy tale series. He said: "There’s an emotional centre there. You know the old joke: I wouldn’t want to be a member of a club that would have me as a member. I have always felt that way." He added: "The concept of going from a self-loathing ogre to a self-accepting ogre was meaningful to me." Shrek is available to stream on NOW. Puss in Boots: The Last Wish is in cinemas February 3. SOURCE / SOURCE