Vladimir Putin has reportedly ordered 21 mobile crematoriums from China in an attempt to hide how many Russian soldiers have died during the conflict in Ukraine. According to rumours, the Kremlin is preparing for its losses to more than double from 100,000 to 220,000 by May. Telegram channel General SVR claims Putin "is not embarrassed by the colossal losses" from the war he instigated, instead they argue the scale would be "disturbing" to the public. They added: "As a result, according to the president, the losses must be 'smeared over time', and the crematoriums have been ordered for this. "Putin has been informed that the order is ready and will be delivered to Russia via third countries in the near future." Video footage has supposedly captured the Russian army using their own mobile crematorium on the battlefield.  A number of Russian recruits are believed to have come from prisons, with accusations that Putin has used them as "cannon fodder" to avoid bigger losses amongst the regular army. As many as 40,000 convicts have been enlisted by the notorious Wagner mercenary group, fighting for Moscow in exchange for their freedom. A recent report from the VChK-OGPU Telegram channel claim that only 30 have survived out of 270 prisoners recruited from a penal colony in Bashkortostan region.  READ MORE: Germany under pressure to approve Leopard tanks as UK doubles down A source said this "very accurately reflects the number of prisoners’ who’ve died – a little more than 10 percent survive". Wagner group boss Yevgeny Prigozhin, a key ally of Putin's, claimed many have survived for at least six months, at which point even murderers and rapists receive a pardon. In a video Mr Prigozhin is seen telling newly released convicts: "Don’t drink too much, don’t use drugs, don’t rape women, don’t create trouble. "The police should treat you with respect."  DON'T MISS:Prince Harry’s ‘contradictions’ in tell-all memoir laid bare by sen... [LATEST]Harry slammed by royal experts for 'outrageous' comments [SPOTLIGHT]David Crosby, Byrds and Crosby, Stills and Nash Co-Founder, dies at 81 [REPORT] The Kremlin has claimed only 6,000 troops have died since the war began, in spite of pictures released of graveyards full of dead soldiers. This comes as a Wagner group recruitment drive in Serbia has sparked outrage in Belgrade, with videos in Serbian supposedly encouraging fighters to join. 