How much an iron costs to run is based on a variety of factors, including the variety of iron as well as how long you use it for. However, with energy bills on the rise and households looking to save any money they can, it may be worth cutting out the ironing altogether. According to experts, there are five ways to get crease-free clothing without using the small appliance. T-shirt printing company ICON Printing has teamed up with Matalan to share the tips, with the team recommending making a wrinkle remover spray at home. Alex Econs, garment printing expert at ICON Printing, said: “You don’t need to spend a fortune when using an anti-wrinkle spray on your clothes, you can make your own spray from common household products. This spray works well on t-shirts, sweatshirts and other garments made from cotton or similar. “Simply mix 200ml water and 10ml fabric softener in a spray bottle. Give it a shake and make sure to patch test by spraying a small, innocuous piece of fabric first to make sure that it won’t stain your top. “Spray on any wrinkles and pull taut to remove the creases. Apply the mix until the top is damp then hang it out to dry for crease free clothes without having to iron.” READ MORE: I removed window condensation to prevent damp and mould - here’s how The expert said the “ultimate money saving hack” involves taking your laundry into the bathroom while you have a shower or a bath. Simply hang up your garments in the bathroom to allow the fibres to soften and creases to relax “without having to iron them”. Alex added: “Hang the clothes as close to the shower as you can without getting them wet and ensure that the bathroom door is closed and your extractor fan is off - you don’t want to remove all of that steam. “When you’re finished with your shower, try to keep your clothes in the bathroom for fifteen minutes before allowing them to dry.” DON'T MISS:Four garden plants to always prune in winter [EXPLAINER]Cleaning expert shares method to dry wet laundry in ‘four hours’ [VIDEO]‘Do’s and don’ts’ of caring for bathroom houseplants [INSIGHT] According to one expert, using a hair straightener can help to remove creases from clothing instantly. While this may only work on small garments, it saves having to heat the iron up. Matalan teamed up with Nicola Rodriguez from The Essex House Dolly, who said: “You’d be surprised what you can achieve with a trusty pair of hair straighteners. “After styling your hair, use the residual heat from the appliance to straighten out those pesky creases. “This works best if you give the clothing a quick spray over beforehand to dampen it. The great thing about hair straighteners is that they’re basically a mini iron. READ MORE: Common mistakes you could be making when doing laundry “Straighteners work great on both shirts and on thicker clothing items such as suit jackets as they give an intense, localised heat, especially since the prongs warm the garment on both sides.” According to Alex, this “trick” works best on delicate fabrics and it involves placing your wrinkled clothing item on a flat surface, under some damp towels. The expert said: “Simply use the towels to press out any creases. The damp fabric will do this with ease. Once you’re happy you’ve covered all areas, hang it up to air dry. “This trick is cost effective but can be more time-consuming, so be sure to plan your outfit in advance, leaving enough time for your clothes to dry before getting ready.” For thicker items of clothing such as denim jackets, jeans or hoodies, the expert recommended using the mattress press trick. This involves placing the item onto a flat surface and using your hands to smooth the creases out. Alex added: “Once you’re happy that the creases are pressed out as much as possible, roll the item up tightly like a burrito, ensuring it's actually all completely rolled up, rather than folded. “Once this is done, place the rolled item under your mattress for at least an hour and the weight should soon have your outfit wrinkle free, without using any heat or electricity at all. The longer it’s left under your mattress, the more intense the effect will be.”