Malaysia and Indonesia have teamed up against Brussels, rebuking the EU's Deforestation Regulation. Indonesian President Jokowi and Malaysian Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim said they "agreed to strengthen cooperation to boost markets and combat discrimination against palm oil". Last week, Malaysian Foreign Minister Zambry Abdul Kadir told reporters: "The EU deforestation policy is a step against good kinship. Jokowi’s speech has made it clear that [...] the policy is of concern to ASEAN. "That the EU cannot dictate. This is an opportunity for Indonesia and Malaysia to join forces and be united in our voices. We stand with Jokowi on this matter." Malaysia’s Deputy Prime Minister branded the EU regulation "a deliberate act by Europe to block market access, hurt small farmers and protect a domestic oilseeds market that is inefficient and cannot compete with the cost of palm oil". Commenting on the spat, Brexiteer Robert Kimbell predicted it could lead to an advantageous relationship between the two Asian countries and Brexit Britain. He wrote: "I, here and now, predict World #6 economy the United Kingdom will sign comprehensive, modern bilateral Free Trade Agreements (FTAs) with both World #17 economy Indonesia and World #36 economy Malaysia before the bureaucrats at the EU do. Now, there's a forecast for you." It comes as EU and ASEAN members gathered in Brussels in December on the occasion of the 45th anniversary of EU-ASEAN Dialogue Relations at the EU-ASEAN Commemorative Summit. The Summit aimed at reaffirming a strategic partnership between the two blocs "with a shared interest in a peaceful, stable and prosperous region, where international law and the rules-based international order are respected and upheld, and where peace, security and stability are maintained, including through, among others, the promotion and protection of human rights such as gender equality and fundamental freedoms." In a joint statement at the end of the Summit, the leaders of the blocs said: "We commit to develop the EU-ASEAN Strategic Partnership that is based on international law, mutual interest and mutually beneficial cooperation on issues of common concern and the principle of equality. READ MORE: David Crosby praised as 'ethereal fixture of 60s peace and love'  "We hold a shared view of the Indo-Pacific region as one of dynamic growth and opportunities, but also of security challenges. "In this context, we are committed to strengthening our cooperation, based on the shared relevant fundamental principles of our respective Indo-Pacific approaches. "We will explore potential collaboration in the four priority areas of the AOIP and the seven priority areas of the EU Strategy for Cooperation in the Indo-Pacific, all in accordance with the principles of the Treaty of Amity and Cooperation in Southeast Asia, the ASEAN Charter, and the AOIP. DON'T MISS:Russia accuses US citizen of espionage and opens criminal case [INSIGHT]Jacinda Ardern resignation opens door for left-wing Maori minister [ANALYSIS]Tony Blair shredded for 'hypocrisy' as ex-PM touted as new 'Mr Davos' [VIDEO] "We hold a shared view of the Indo-Pacific region as one of dynamic growth and opportunities, but also of security challenges. "In this context, we are committed to strengthening our cooperation, based on the shared relevant fundamental principles of our respective Indo-Pacific approaches. "We will explore potential collaboration in the four priority areas of the AOIP and the seven priority areas of the EU Strategy for Cooperation in the Indo-Pacific, all in accordance with the principles of the Treaty of Amity and Cooperation in Southeast Asia, the ASEAN Charter, and the AOIP. "ASEAN noted the EU’s willingness to follow-up on the Indo-Pacific Forum held in February 2022 and the opportunities of cooperation highlighted in Paris." The Deforestation Regulation may set this agenda back with Malaysia nada Indonesia renewing their commitment to the production of palm oil. In 2019 the wow countries had already worked closely together on the matter scuttling the EU's hopes of a stronger partnership with ASEAN.