Meghan and Princess Kate were driven apart by fallings out over bridesmaid dresses, Easter gifts, a row over lip gloss and other issues, Prince Harry claims in his new memoir Spare. In one debacle in the buildup to the Sussex' wedding in 2018, Meghan is said to have upset Kate over comments about her having a "baby brain" while she was pregnant. In the memoir, released early in Spain yesterday ahead of its launch on January 10, Harry claims discomfort between the two started while Meghan was being introduced to royal life. He recounts an awkward situation where Meghan seemed to surprise Kate by asking to borrow lip-gloss from Kate before their attendance at the first Royal Foundation forum summit in 2018. Kate searched her bag before offering Meghan her lip-gloss. But after Meghan added the beauty product to her finger and rubbed it on her lips, Kate made a "disgusted" face. Harry also describes how Kate messaged Meghan only days before their wedding in 2018 and said she had a problem with her daughter Charlotte's bridesmaid dress. READ MORE: William devastated by 'utter distortion of reality' Meghan and Kate chatted for an hour before the wedding to discuss Kate's complaints. The Princess of Wales said Charlotte's dress was too big and described how the young Princess cried when she tried it on. The Duke also mentions Kate also had a problem with the page boys but doesn't dive into detail about this. Meghan, stressed and worried, sobbed on the kitchen floor of their home, Harry said.  But this was not the only battle the two had before the wedding. Meghan is reported to have upset Kate over comments about her having a "baby brain" while she was pregnant. A well-placed source told the Daily Mail: "In the book [Spare] Harry says that there was a discussion about the timing of the wedding rehearsal and the flower girl dresses and Kate was very upset. "Meghan said that Kate must have ''baby brain'' because of her hormones. "It caused a huge row because Meghan was told that she wasn't close enough to her sister-in-law to discuss her hormones and it wasn't the way people spoke to each other within the Royal Family."  In another incident, Meghan and Harry became upset after Will and Kate switched place cards to change the seating arrangement at the wedding, wrote Harry. In her interview with Oprah in 2021, The Duchess of Sussex called the incident over Charlotte's dress a "turning point" in her relationship with Princess Kate.  In the series, Meghan said: "I was a hugger. I’ve always been a hugger, I didn’t realise that that is really jarring for a lot of Brits. "I guess I started to understand very quickly that the formality on the outside carried through on the inside."  For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @Daily_Express.