Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have continued to hold on to their royal titles following countless claims made against the Royal Family but this could all change. Royal author Christopher Andersen has pointed out that Harry's grandmother had "no qualms" about removing his military titles following Megxit. The expert added that King Charles could "channel" the Queen's "decisive action". He told Us Weekly: "Nothing could rattle the Queen, apparently. Keep calm and carry on. She would’ve probably taken some action just as she did with Diana. "[Queen Elizabeth] certainly is the person who began all of this the minute she would not allow a part-time royal situation. "She could have; she could have made all the accommodations for the Sussexes that they wanted. "She chose not to do that because you’re either all the way in or you’re out. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'hurting' relationship with Hollywood elite  "She had, apparently, no qualms about taking away his military ranks, his ceremonial ranks, which was really a devastating blow to him. "So I think maybe Charles will channel her in terms of this kind of strength, and at some point do something decisive so he can put it behind him. "If he can do that before May, I don’t know. But he’ll have to probably do it at some point." It comes as Harry said he had enough material for two books, but he held back because he does not think his father and brother would "ever forgive" him. Harry's controversial memoir became the fastest selling non-fiction book ever when his tell-all tale lambasting the royal family was finally published this week. The headline-grabbing autobiography Spare, which hit the shelves on Tuesday, includes claims that the Prince of Wales physically attacked him, and that the King put his own interests above Harry's and was jealous of the Duchess of Sussex and the Princess of Wales. In an interview with Bryony Gordon of The Daily Telegraph, Harry said: "It could have been two books, put it that way." DON'T MISS Megyn Kelly laughs at Prince Harry's 'todger' troubles [VIDEO]Prince Harry warned against 'jeopardising his mother's legacy' [EXCLUSIVE]Harry mocked again by Jimmy Kimmel with 'Prince and Penis' book [ANALYSIS] Gordon writes that Harry told her the first draft was 800 pages - double the final manuscript which comes in at just over 400 pages. Harry told Gordon that there were things he revealed to ghostwriter JR Moehringer "for context", but there was "absolutely no way" they would be included in the book. The duke said it is impossible to tell his story without referring to family members. He added: "But there are some things that have happened, especially between me and my brother, and to some extent between me and my father, that I just don't want the world to know. "Because I don't think they would ever forgive me."