Charles Hanson will be starring in the upcoming episode of Bargain Hunt on BBC where the antiques show takes him and his co-stars to Shrophsire. The expert first appeared on Bargain Hunt in 2002, two years after the show started airing, so he has become part of the furniture. Here's all there is to know about Charles Hanson, including his height. Auctioneer and valuer Charles Hanson has starred on not only Bargain Hunt, but it's sister shows Antiques Road Trip and Flog It!. Hanson has previously explained on one of these shows that he stands at 6ft 1in. This makes him one of the tallest members of the current Bargain Hunt cast. The only expert who is taller than Hanson is Danny Sebastian who is 6ft 3in. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes brands Andrew’s silence over Eugenie baby news 'cruel' In comparison, Bargain Hunt's Eric Knowles, Jonathan Pratt and Thomas Plant are thought to be 5ft 8in. His female co-stars are a lot shorter with Christina Trevanion at 5ft 5in and Roo Irvine who is reportedly 5ft 1in. Speaking to the BBC, Hanson explained he decided to work in antiques at an early age, having had a love of history at school. He once described the auction room as "a theatre of drama and romance". His career began in 1990s at Christie's where he worked as a valuer in the European Ceramics and Glass Department. After gaining more experience and knowledge, Hanson went off on his own and founded Hanson's Auctioneers and Valuers in Derbyshire in 2005. In regards to his personal life, the 45-year-old is married to Rebecca Ludlam who he tied the knot with in Mackworth, Derbyshire. He opened up to Derbyshire Live in 2021 about how "lucky" he felt to have married her. DON'T MISS...Whoopi Goldberg forces The View to go off air after row [EXPLAINER]Bargain Hunt's Natasha astonished by 500-year old painting mystery [REVEALED]Antiques Road Trip teases new host as clue points towards BBC star [CAST] Hanson said: "I'm used to dealing with beautiful things but Rebecca is the most beautiful treasure of all and I'm very lucky she is my wife.” But it hasn't always been an easy journey for the couple as Hanson was diagnosed with testicular cancer in August 2012. A few weeks later and the pair suffered even more heartbreak when their son Tommy was stillborn. He often takes part in charity runs in aid of causes that help with bereavement and those who have lost a baby. Today, the couple still reside in Derbyshire, now with their two children. The synopsis for the upcoming episode reads: "Natasha Raskin Sharp and the teams go bargain hunting with experts Ben Cooper and Kate Bliss at the Oswestry Showground in Shropshire. "They then see how their items fare when Charles Hanson wields his gavel in the auction room. "Kate Bliss has some top tips on buying jewellery and shows how to distinguish an imitation from the real thing." Bargain Hunt is available to watch every weekday at 12.15pm on BBC One.