On Sunday night, Happy Valley fans watched as Catherine Cawood (played by Sarah Lancashire) tried to keep her family safe following the news Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) had escaped prison. However, with the series coming to an end, viewers believe the copper confirmed a deadly end in sight. With the final ever episode of the long-running BBC crime drama drawing to a close, fans are expecting an ultimate showdown between Catherine and Tommy. As the criminal escaped court during his trial, the villain was heard asking for a gun on the way to his hideaway house as he confessed there was unfinished business with the sergeant. With many viewers concerned for Catherine’s safety, fans believe the copper confirmed death is on the cards for either her or her sister Clare Cawood (Siobhan Finneran). The theories come after a conversation between the siblings during Sunday night’s penultimate episode.  READ MORE:Happy Valley fans claim 'brutal' Ann Gallagher star went 'too far'  With Clare trying to stay clear of Tommy, she suggested they all go on an extended holiday to Spain while the police try to hunt down the criminal. Although it looked as though Catherine still hasn't forgiven her sister for betraying her by taking Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah) to visit his estranged dad in prison. In a furious rage, she slammed: “You're the last person I'd go on holiday with Clare and that moron you spend your days with. “We've got nothing in common, you bore me, you have this idiotic, dependent personality.”    Slamming her sister for being talked into allowing Ryan to form a relationship with Tommy, it was clear Catherine was still seething as Clare remained silent. However, it was her parting words in the episode which led many to believe one of the Cawood sisters will face the wrath of Tommy. Before leaving for work, she said: "Just keep an eye on Ryan and know, whatever, I've done my best for you, all of you...so whatever. Right, good luck.” After her blow-up at Clare earlier on in the episode, viewers think she will die by trying to prove herself to Catherine. DON'T MISS... Escape to the Chateau's Angel Adoree's son 'sobbing' over end of show [VIDEO] Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show [STRICTLY] Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ Tommy Lee’s deadly end in revenge twist [REACTION]    HazKnights wrote: “I don’t feel hopeful for Clare, guys. You can’t have a scene like that where Catherine was so awful to her without consequence. Clare’s gonna die in Catherine’s arms isn’t she, after trying to save Ryan? I can’t. [sic]” Katharinehorgan added: “I think Catherine and Ryan survive. But I don’t have good feelings about Clare’s survival. I think she dies and Catherine will be left feeling guilty forever for everything she said to her.” Robthebiatch commented: “My opinion is that Clare will make the ultimate sacrifice (take a bullet for her) for Catherine after what Catherine said to her sister and she can’t take it back.” G_Foz tweeted: “Clare’s going to die, isn’t she?! I hope she and Catherine make up if she does #HappyValley.”    GatzReborn said: “The more I think about it, I reckon Clare is going to die but possibly in some kind of redemption way. Like she saves Ryan or Cawood, or kills TLR in the process #HappyValley” With Sammy_Bygrave_x adding: “Clare is going to die after that episode I can feel it in my bones #HappyValley.” First airing back in 2014, the series has followed the journey of Catherine who is trying to cope with the suicide of her teenage daughter, Becky, years on. While dealing with her grief, the strong-willed officer pursues the man who assaulted her daughter, Tommy Lee Royce, as the duo have been entangled in a long-standing rivalry that’s set to come to a dramatic end. Happy Valley continues Sunday on BBC One from 9pm.  