Mike Tindall, fresh from the I'm a Celebrity jungle, has reportedly opened up a new revenue stream by charging £20,000 for a clay shooting session. Sources have claimed the husband of Zara Tindall, King Charles III's niece will host up to 16 people for a "tailored" experience at a farm in the Cotswolds. Speaking to the Mail on Sunday, they said corporate promotional companies have sorted the arrangement, with Mr Tindall also available for solo trips. While the experience would still cost the five-figure sum, the insiders said the shooting session would be invaluable. One said people would buy a "special, once-in-a-lifetime way to spend the day". They added that the English rugby star is an "expert in clay shooting" and that interest "within the corporate world" is growing. People who sign up for the experience would find Mr Tindall as "funny and personable" as he was during his stint on I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here last year. READ MORE: Zara Tindall discusses feeling 'guilty' for juggling career & children His representatives are yet to confirm whether the offer is an official one, having offered no comment as of yet. The sources did not disclose which farm would host the rugby player and his clients. Mr Tindall already resides in the Cotswolds with his wife and three children at Gatcombe Park, the residence of Anne, Princess Royal. They moved to the estate after selling their £1.69 million home in Cheltenham in 2013. They confirmed during the pandemic that they live on a farm, where they help look after the horses. Speaking to Good Morning Britain during the pandemic, Zara Tindall said the family was lucky to have the residence. She said she couldn't imagine "how hard it is for people in the city" while talking about staying Covid safe. The couple showed rooms in their home during the lockdown, including a spacious garden and home gym. While they live on royal property, the couple can make money from personal ventures. Unlike Princess Anne, they are not on the Royal Family's rota, meaning they aren't bound by strict moneymaking rules within the Firm. They have found success elsewhere, with Mr Tindall a famed rugby star and Mrs Tindall an Olympic equestrian. The couple has a slew of ambassadorships, many coming from their sporting prowess, including brands like Rolex and Land Rover.