Lewis Hamilton has admitted he hopes to build relationships with younger drivers during his remaining time in F1. The seven-time world champion revealed he wanted to “be a positive light” to talented rookies before leaving the sport. Hamilton also suggested part of the reason for wanting to get close to the new drivers was to have “difficult conversations” as he referenced his campaign work. The Mercedes driver made the revelation while speaking on the Jay Shetty Podcast. Shetty asked whether Hamilton finds he can only relate to his other F1 competitors due to the nature of the sport. Hamilton responded: “Definitely the other drivers, I do feel that we have a lot more in common than we think but we are so competitive and a lot of us have our defence. “You might like the person outside the car but you can't show that. There's this whole psychological battle you’re having with yourself… So I really feel that as an older driver I’m trying to be more reaching out to youngsters because they are the future. READ MORE: Toto Wolff shares Mercedes stakeholder concerns with question raised “I'm excited to see [that] some of these younger drivers coming through are so, so talented. I don’t know if they’ve got the best structure around them like I didn't have the ultimate structure that I perhaps have now. So I just try to be a positive light to them. “But naturally none of them are black, none of them have necessarily faced the same as me but they have faced their own challenges and things, it’s about respecting that. I've tried to create allies and have some of the difficult conversations with them. “I'm really grateful for a couple of them that really took the knee with me in 2020.” McLaren driver Lando Norris joined in with Hamilton’s protest back in 2020 and has been praised by Hamilton in the past. DON'T MISSToto Wolff advised to help 'weaker child' between Hamilton and Russell [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton contract update will leave fans sweating [ANALYSIS]Mercedes factory mood 'tense' as 'good engineers' leave Silver Arrows [COMMENT] The Mercedes driver described Norris as a “great driver” at the 2021 Austrian Grand Prix. He then supported Norris in Russia after the 23-year-old slid off in wet conditions to lose his maiden win. Hamilton commented: ”Lando did such an amazing job. He had incredible pace, he’s doing such a great job for McLaren.” Hamilton has also said good things about Mercedes team-mate George Russell after his debut season at the Silver Arrows. He proclaimed the former Williams driver was “impressive” since joining the year and pointed out his excellent “consistency” to “hit the ground running”. Hamilton’s remarks come amid uncertainty around his future in F1. It is understood he wants to sign a new multi-year deal at the team to extend his current deal until at least 2025. But, he raised fears that talks had stalled after recently hinting that negotiations had not begun.