Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has opened up on the "pretty rare feeling" of playing well and winning a game. The German's team beat Wolves 1-0 in the FA Cup third-round replay against Wolves on Tuesday. Harvey Elliott's long-range effort was the only goal of the game at Molineux. The midfielder's strike handed Liverpool their first win in any competition in 2023. The Reds were only winless in three matches but the manner of the performances, especially the 3-0 loss at Brighton on Saturday, were a huge cause for concern. Klopp and captain Jordan Henderson admitted after the game at the Amex that it was their worst performance in recent memory. Like he did for the first clash at Anfield, Klopp rotated his squad and gave opportunities to some younger and less experienced players. Wolves were off the pace and Liverpool were relatively comfortable but for a late flurry from the hosts as they pushed for an equaliser. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Klopp conceded afterwards that it had been a while where he can be happy with both the performance and result from his team. Asked what he liked about the showing, Klopp told the BBC: "A lot, a lot. That's a pretty rare feeling, you are right. "It feels like ages ago that we had a feeling of winning and playing well. Yes we had to fight hard at the end of course, that's the nature of the competition. "We controlled for long periods, played really good football, which is important, super passionate, which is really important. So it feels great, it was the reaction we wanted to see from ourselves and the boys delivered." Reporter Kelly Somers then asked Klopp if the performance was more typical of his Liverpool's sides. He said: "Yeah from the passion we showed, yes. "But it's my job to help the boys, to find a formation where they feel good in the first place and where they can fight the challenges. And of course on the pitch the boys have to make it with intensity and stuff like this. "Stefan Bajcetic and the whole midfield was really compact with the front three and the midfield three so it was difficult for Wolves to find the key players like [Ruben] Neves and [Joao] Moutinho. I liked the game a lot." Klopp hailed Elliott for his goal and all-round game. But he said he wasn't the only player who shone, commenting: "I don't want to make his performance smaller but I had a few man of the match's today, just the others didn't score." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here