Chelsea are reportedly preparing a £65million offer for Brighton ace Moises Caicedo. And if the Blues end up getting the midfielder for that fee, they would have spent a whopping £440million since Todd Boehly took the club over at the end of last May. Chelsea broke the Premier League record for the highest spend in a single transfer window last summer after shelling out just over £271m to bring in a whole host of players. The Blues signed the likes of Raheem Sterling, Wesley Fofana, Marc Cucurella, Kalidou Koulibaly and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang as Boehly flexed his financial clout. During the current transfer window, the west London giants have stumped up even more cash to sign players including Benoit Badiashile and Andrey Santos, while paying out a loan fee for Atletico Madrid striker Joao Felix. Boehly has also been willing to exhibit his ruthless streak after hijacking Arsenal’s attempts to sign Mykhaylo Mudryk from Shakhtar Donetsk. Boehly met Shakhtar’s £87m demands for the 22-year-old winger as the Blues bolstered their squad yet again ahead of the second half of the campaign. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    According to CBS Sports, Chelsea are actively exploring the signing of Caicedo and would be willing to pay over £65m to get their hands on the 21-year-old. But Brighton are holding out for more than £75m in exchange for Caicedo, with Seagulls chief executive Paul Barber insisting earlier this month that he hadn’t received any offers for the Ecuador international. “I’m pleased to say we haven’t had any [offers for Caicedo],” said Barber. “Maybe they haven’t got my email because I haven’t seen any.” DON'T MISSManchester United boss Ten Hag may have pulled off transfer masterstrokeWeghorst had ulterior motive to join Man Utd as revelation comes to lightMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in private   Caicedo joined Brighton in February 2021 after the south coast team managed to prise him away from Independiente in his homeland for just £4million. The ace enjoyed a loan spell with Belgian club Beerschot during the first half of last season but returned to England last January and broke into the Brighton team before the end of the campaign as he started his side’s last eight Premier League matches. Caicedo has gone on to become an influential player for the Seagulls this season and has started all but one of his side’s top-flight matches. And his impressive performances have helped Brighton climb to seventh in the Premier League table. The player has also illustrated his talents on the greatest platform of all after scoring for Ecuador at the World Cup in Qatar. And Caicedo could be the answer to Chelsea’s midfield problems as they look to fight their way back into the race to qualify for next season’s Champions League after falling 10 points behind fourth-place Manchester United. 