Mark Webber has admitted he told Sebastian Vettel that he has retired from F1 too early. Vettel’s former Red Bull team-mate said the pair had enjoyed a laugh over his F1 departure after Webber told the four-time champion he'd left prematurely. Webber initially claimed Vettel had got the timing of his F1 departure absolutely right, but quickly changed his mind. The Australian told Speedcafe: “He got the timing bang on, I think. Maybe a sneak early. I think he still drives very, very well. I told him, ‘I think that you got this a bit early’, so we’ve had a bit of a laugh about that. “But I’m stoked he’s in one piece, he’s had a great career. He was a juggernaut obviously in the early days and on his day he could still do some special stuff. A four-time world champion, not to be sneezed at, and he’ll be missed.” Lewis Hamilton seemed to agree with Webber’s comments, admitting in a press conference earlier in the season that he expected Vettel to make an F1 return in the near future. Vettel announced his retirement from F1 over the summer and competed in his last race in Abu Dhabi back in November. READ MORE: Vettel opens Red Bull talks as Horner looks to get to reunite old gang A major reason for walking away was to spend more time with his family and help raise his children. The Aston Martin driver also admitted there were some parts of F1 that he disliked. He added: “I have grown other interests outside of F1. My passion for racing and F1 comes with lots of time spent away from them, and takes a lot of energy. Committing to my passion the way I did, and the way I thought was right, does no longer go side-by-side with my wish to be a great father and husband. “The energy it takes to become one with the car and the team to chase perfection, takes focus and commitment. “My goals have shifted from winning races and fighting for championships to seeing my children grow, passing on my values: helping them up when they fall, listening to them when they need me, not having to say goodbye and most importantly being able to learn from them and let them inspire me.” DON'T MISSVettel names retired star as 'biggest natural talent' in Hamilton snub [INSIGHT]Sebastian Vettel praises Max Verstappen's decision making at speed [ANALYSIS]Christian Horner tips Sebastian Vettel for F1 role after retirement [COMMENT] Vettel still admitted he would miss F1 after taking the chequered flag at the Yas Marina Circuit. However, the German is expected to continue working on his causes away from the track including his passion for battling climate change. Webber also praised Vettel’s attitude, hinting that he changed in his final years of racing. He explained: “Of course, at the start of his career, it wasn’t overly straightforward. “Obviously, I shared a few podiums with him which were quite controversial, to say the least, all around the world. But, at the end, I think that he’s been tremendous with reflection. He’s started to bring a lot to the sport, which might not have been the case early in his career. “Results, yes, but in terms of as a world champion, he certainly did a lot more at the end, which was brilliant. I take my hat off to that.”