The chances of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle losing their royal titles has "dramatically increased" following his "latest hatchet job attack" against Prince William, it has been claimed. Harry and Meghan relinquished their roles as working members of the Royal Family when they moved from the UK to the US in early 2020. Despite this, they were allowed to keep their Duke and Duchess of Sussex titles. But several leaks and the accidental sale of his memoir in Spain have resulted in a number of explosive revelations from the autobiography, which is released in the UK on Tuesday. The Duke of Sussex brands Prince William his "arch nemesis" and alleges he was physically attacked by his older brother and knocked to the floor during a heated confrontation over Meghan Markle. Nile Gardiner, a Royal Family enthusiast and Washington-based foreign policy expert, tweeted: "The odds of Harry and Meghan losing their Royal titles have dramatically increased after this latest hatchet job attack by Prince Harry on his own brother. "The late Queen would have been appalled by Harry's declaration of war against William." Kensington Palace and Buckingham Palace are declining to comment on the bombshell claims made in Harry's book, but the allegations are seen as further damaging his fragile relationship with William beyond repair. The Duke of Sussex brands Prince William his "arch nemesis" and alleges he was physically attacked by his older brother and knocked to the floor during a heated confrontation over Meghan Markle. Nile Gardiner, a Royal Family enthusiast and Washington-based foreign policy expert, tweeted: "The odds of Harry and Meghan losing their Royal titles have dramatically increased after this latest hatchet job attack by Prince Harry on his own brother. "The late Queen would have been appalled by Harry's declaration of war against William." Kensington Palace and Buckingham Palace are declining to comment on the bombshell claims made in Harry's book, but the allegations are seen by many royal commentators as further damaging his fragile relationship with William beyond repair. READ MORE: Harry reveals he killed 25 Taliban fighters in Afghanistan The Duke of Sussex alleges the heated confrontation with William took place in 2019 at his then-home in London, Nottingham Cottage, according to The Guardian, which claimed it had obtained a cope of the book. Harry said William called him a name "then came at me", adding the prince grabbed him by the collar, ripped his necklace and knocked him to the floor. The Duke alleges this saw him land on "the dog's bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me". He said he was dazed and lay there momentarily, before getting to his feet and telling William to leave. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry 'jeopardising' royal peace with key mistake [REACTION]Prince Harry tells of 'mistake' of losing virginity to older woman [COMMENTS]The 10 biggest bombshells from Prince Harry's book and interviews [ANALYSIS] Harry also alleges his older brother called Meghan "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive" - comments he told his older brother parroted "the press narrative" about his wife. In his hotly-anticipated book, the Duke of Sussex calls William both his "arch nemesis" and his "beloved brother", admitting there has always been competition between them in their heir/spare roles. In the days leading up to the official release of his book next Tuesday, Harry has also recorded an interview with Good Morning America in the US. A clip shows Michael Strahan asking him: "There is a quote in the book where your refer to your brother as your 'beloved brother and arch nemesis'. Strong words. What did you mean by that?" Harry replies: "There has always been this competition between us, weirdly. I think it really plays into or is played by the 'heir/spare'." The bombshell book comes just weeks after Harry and Meghan Netflix documentary series last month, in which the duke said he was terrified when William screamed and shouted at him during a tense Sandringham summit in 2020 to solve the 'Megxit' crisis. He claimed his brother screamed and shouted at him, while the Duke also accused his father King Charles III of saying untrue things when the Queen gathered them together at Sandringham in January 2020 to solve the 'Megxit' crisis. Harry also claimed his brother left him terrified when he screamed and shouted at him when the Queen gathered them together at the royal residence. The Duke of Sussex also accused his father King Charles of "saying things that just simply weren't true" while claiming his plan to partially exit royal duties was rejected. Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10th.