Prior to his explosive US interview with 60 Minutes, it has been revealed Harry's stepmother, Queen Camilla, offered Meghan advice - which left Prince Harry fuming. In his interviews, with both 60 Minutes and ITV, Harry took potshots towards Camilla and according to Harry's forthcoming memoir, Harry was not happy with advice the new Queen gave his wife during the early days of backlash. In his memoir, Harry wrote about a conversation he had had with his father about the criticism of Meghan and himself in the press. Writing in his memoir, Harry questioned his father on why he did not feel anguish and pain on behalf of himself. Speaking of Meghan's reaction, Harry wrote: "Meg, meanwhile, reached out to Camilla, who tried to counsel her by saying this was just what the press always did to newcomers, that it would all pass in due time, that Camilla had been the bad guy once. "The implication being what? Now it was Meg's turn? As if it were apples to apples." READ MORE: Harry admits he had competition for Meghan as 'six other guys' were asking about her Harry also said Camilla had suggested to his wife that he should become Governor General of Bermuda, adding this would "solve all our problems by removing us from the red-hot centre of the maelstrom". In his memoir, Harry suggested this comment left him fuming. He wrote: "Right, right, I thought, and one added bonus of that plan would be to get us out of the picture". READ MORE: Bitter Harry claims he was shut out and 'never invited' by William after George was born In his second interview, with Anderson Cooper, Harry referred to his stepmother as "dangerous" and a "villian". He suggested this was due to her need to rehabilitate her public image after the backlash she received during the breakdown of his parents' marriage. Harry told Anderson Cooper that Camilla had an "open willingness" to trade information with the British press, suggesting this made her a threat to the Royal Family. Harry has also claimed he and William previously initially didn't want their father to marry Camilla. DON'T MISS GB News sparks uproar as Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'ill' [REPORT]Harry squirms as Bradby says cocaine use was in 'public interest' [REVEALED]Dan Wootton slams Prince Harry ‘interview’ claiming royal ‘chose BFF' [OPINION]  The turbulent interviews were aired two days before the release of Harry's memoir. Harry's explosive memoir is set to be release on January 10, with the audio version being released on the same day. The memoir will be released in 16 languages.