Ron DeSantis sketched out his plan for the next four years as his second term as Florida Governor got underway. His impassioned speech could serve as a blueprint for his 2024 presidential bid, should he choose to run. The Governor spoke of his record to date, taking credit for Florida's increase in net migration over the last few years and mooted plans to enact more "family friendly policies" to defend children from people who want to "rob them of their innocence". Speaking outside the Florida Historic Capitol, the Florida Governor cut a presidential figure, blasting the Biden administration's mishandling of public finances and ideological capture. "The federal Government has gone on an inflationary spending binge that has left our nation weaker and our citizens poorer, it has enacted pandemic restrictions and mandates – based more on ideology and politics than on sound science – and this has eroded freedom and stunted commerce," he said of Biden administration failures. Mr DeSantis also slammed the "reckless" border protocols and "energy policy that has "crippled our nation". The Florida Governor added that those working in Washington are "unaccountable" and "out-of-touch". READ MORE: Republicans' version of Brexit Spartans explains continued Trump appeal says DAVID MADDOX  "[The federal government] wields its authority through a sprawling, unaccountable and out-of-touch bureaucracy that does not act on behalf of us, but instead looms over us and imposes its will upon us," he said. "The results of this have been predictably dismal." Mr Desantis championed his state's approach to COVID-19, which propelled him on to the national stage. The Florida Governor rejected the Biden administration's lockdowns, mask and vaccine mandates. DON'T MISSDamar Hamlin resuscitated 'twice' after collapsing [LATEST]Musk humiliated as Tesla shares crash [REPORT]Taylor Greene launches into blistering rant [POLITICS] "When the world lost its mind – when common sense suddenly became an uncommon virtue – Florida was a refuge of sanity, a citadel of freedom for our fellow Americans and even for people around the world," Mr DeSantis said on Tuesday. He is being floated as the man to take on Donald Trump in the 2024 presidential election after he stormed to victory in the midterm elections. Polls increasingly suggest that Mr Desantis has the edge over Mr Trump, should he enter the race. A poll conducted last month gave the Florida governor a mammoth lead over the former president. READ MORE: Biden slammed for latest Brexit meddling as President accused of 'political sycophancy' In another regarding potential Republican nominees for president in 2024, the Florida Governor led Mr Trump by 23 points. Republican and Republican-leaning voters registered their preference in a survey carried out by USA Today and Suffolk University, released on Tuesday. However, alternative polling gives Mr Trump the edge over the Florida Governor. In another poll covering the same time period, by Morning Consult, Mr Trump was given an 18-point lead over Mr DeSantis. Regardless of who wins, there are signs the Republican Party is struggling to establish itself post-Trump. Republicans have broken with 100 years of tradition, failing to elect a House Speaker on the first vote after hardliners in the party moved against party leader Kevin McCarthy. The failure to elect a speaker throws Congress into a chaotic deadlock on the first day of its two-year term.