Prince Harry's book has been spotted being advertised for half-price, despite it still being six days before its official release, in a WHSmith store opposite Windsor Castle. The 416-page book, which will be translated into 16 languages, is due to be released on January 10, having just missed out on the lucrative Christmas market. The audiobook version, which will be read by Harry, will also be released the same day. The memoir has previously been described by Penguin Random House, the publishing house in charge of the release, as "intimate and heartfelt". The publishing house has promised that the book will be full of "raw [and] unflinching honesty". The company noted on its website that the book will cover "the moment [Harry] and his brother William, young princes still, walked behind their mother's coffin" and that the Duke will open up about "some moments from his life publicly for the first time". READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'chose to leave in huff' as Megxit inconsistency exposed It will also cover "Prince Harry's dedication to service", revisiting his decade-long military career and the "joy he has found in being a husband and father". The story also promises to offer a story which is "inspiring", "courageous" and "eye-opening". In a statement previously released about the book, Harry, himself, said: "I'm writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become". He claimed his dedication to telling the "highs and lows" in his journey, as well as the "mistakes" and "lessons learned". Harry expressed his gratitude for being able to share his story.  To near coincide with the release of his memoir, Harry is set to release, not one, but two interviews ahead of the release. The interviews, which will air on Sunday, are with ITV and NBC's 60 Minutes. Ahead of their airing, clips have been released showing the 38-year-old commenting on his former life as a royal. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry and Meghan 'hurt' as new Netflix show flops [LATEST]Prince Harry 'wrong' to claim Charles 'not willing' to heal rift [REVEAL]Meghan and Harry urged to ditch anger and self-pity  [SPOTLIGHT] In one clip for the ITV interview, with Tom Bradby, the Duke stated that he wished to have his father, King Charles III and brother, Prince William "back". He also accussed the Royal Family of trying to keep Meghan and himself "somehow as the villains". He is also heard claiming that they "have shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile", although it is unclear who he is referring to.