Leeds’ transfer pursuit of Club Brugge goalkeeper Senne Lammens moved a step closer after the Belgian club signed England under-21 shot-stopper Joe Bursik, according to reports. The Premier League club have shown an interest in Lammens as a backup to No 1 Illan Meslier. Lammens is free to negotiate with foreign clubs this January as his contract expires at the end of the season. The 20-year-old is unlikely to sign a new deal with Brugge and has been linked with a Premier League switch. A Belgium U21 international, Lammens is on Leeds’ radar. He could eventually become the club’s first-choice goalkeeper if Meslier moves on to a Big Six side, with reports linking the Frenchman with Manchester United and Chelsea. Leeds are in talks with Lammens over a potential cut-price deal that could see him move this month rather than for free in the summer. A deal moved a step closer when Brugge signed the highly-rated Bursik on Saturday. JUST IN: Gary Neville claims Man Utd will finish above Arsenal despite PL lead That is according to HLN, who report that Brugge - who recently appointed former Fulham boss Scott Parker - had to replace Lammens before allowing him to leave. ex-Liverpool shot-stopper Simon Mignolet is the main goalkeeper at the club. Leeds could take their spending above £50million by signing the Belgium youth regular. Jesse Marsch’s side confirmed the £35m arrival of striker Georginio Rutter from Hoffenheim on Saturday, adding to the £14m addition of Max Wober from RB Leipzig. The Elland Road outfit have struggled for goals this season and are pinning their hopes on the arrival of the 20-year-old Rutter. The France U21 international scored just two goals in the first half of the Bundesliga campaign, and struck eight times last term. Rutter told Leeds’ official channels: "I am very happy to be here and I'm very excited to improve my football, and for the fans and the confidence - I hope I'm good. DON'T MISS...Raphinha's stance on joining Arsenal as Gunners face uphill battleLineker gives Arsenal Premier League backing as Morgan gets excitedArsenal and Spurs assisting Met Police after fan kicks Aaron Ramsdale "I have a lot of energy and technique. Dribbling is my favourite on the pitch. Football is for the fans, and they are very important for the club and I want to do more, bring a lot of energy for the fans in the stadium." Leeds have won just two of their last 17 games but Marsch is remaining positive. The Whites played well in their 2-1 defeat by Aston Villa on Friday night, with 19-year-old starlet Wilfred Gnonto particularly impressive on the left wing. Responding to fans calling for him to be sacked, American boss Marsch said: “I'm focused entirely on our team, and I understand the pressures that come with the expectations for a club like Leeds United. So I accept it. But I'm more positive than I've ever been since I've been here.”