Manchester United are currently flying high. But, despite their impassive form, Erik ten Hag is still open to arrivals at Old Trafford. The Red Devils will need to act fast, however, with the close of the January transfer window creeping closer. Manchester United made Jack Butland their first signing of the transfer window, with the goalkeeper touching down from Crystal Palace. And Wout Weghorst then followed, with the Netherlands international already off the mark as he continues to adjust to life in his new surroundings. Speaking before United’s FA Cup clash with Reading on Saturday night, Ten Hag confirmed he was open to more incomings. He said: “In the coming days, should we have an opportunity, I would go for it but it's not only up to me. “I think that always has to be the approach at this club. Every day you have to get better so if there are opportunities to get better then you have to strike, that's my approach. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “I’m looking, doing research, I have an idea and have profiles to strengthen the squad." When it comes to potential signings for United, two midfielders stand out. The Red Devils are already short in that department, with Donny van de Beek ruled out until the end of the season. And United are set to be without Christian Eriksen for a little while, too, in the wake of his injury against Reading on Saturday night. Youri Tielemans is one to keep an eye on. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see United are admirers of the Leicester star, who has just six months left on his contract over at the King Power Stadium. The Belgium international is also being linked with Arsenal, who currently look set to miss out on Brighton star Moises Caicedo. But United, having tracked Tielemans for a number of year, arguably have the greater need for the player. A second star United have been eyeing is Borussia Dortmund veteran Marco Reus, who is also set to be a free agent come the summer. Reus would be a gamble due to his torrid injury record, with the Germany international regularly sidelined. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But United have already taken a step towards a deal by holding talks with his representatives. Those in Reus’ camp were also spotted in the crowd as United battled their way to a 2-1 win over Manchester City earlier in the month. Yet while there’s been talk of a deal, it’s still likelier Reus will be on the move come the end of the season instead. A third deal United may look to strike could include Denzel Dumfries, of Inter Milan. Ten Hag wanted to land his fellow Dutchman back in the summer, only to end up focusing on the arrival of Antony from Ajax instead. United have seen Aaron Wan-Bissaka return to form this term, while Diogo Dalot has improved. But the Red Devils are still keen to land a new right-back in the foreseeable future and Dumfries has long been on Ten Hag’s radar. Of course, it’s possible United will end the day with no further recruits. Yet stranger things have happened and, on transfer deadline day, there’s always a surprise or two in store.