Chelsea are reportedly closing in on a bumper £112million move for Enzo Fernandez, having offered more than the player's release clause with the caveat of staggering the payments over the next three years. As the Blues wait on Benfica chief Rui Costa to make a decision, Express Sport takes you through four players who could be forced to search for a new club as a result of the World Cup-winner's prospective arrival... The Italian international has been a regular starter and a reliable presence from the penalty spot since signing from Napoli in 2018. However, Fernandez's ability to anchor the midfield as well as roam box-to-box could see Jorginho dropped to the bench, not to mention Graham Potter's other incentives to phase out the 31-year-old. For one, his contract is due to expire at the end of the season, giving him the freedom to negotiate a pre-contract arrangement with overseas clubs since the start of January. Jorginho's days at Stamford Bridge may therefore be numbered and Fernandez's arrival could speed up the process. READ MORE: Klopp issued £200m Liverpool action plan after Brentford loss Similarly to Jorginho, Kante's Chelsea contract is due to expire in the next few months. The Frenchman is one of the highest earners at Stamford Bridge and his recent injury woes may have swayed the Blues' hierarchy against extending his deal. The 31-year-old was named PFA Player of the Year during his first season with Chelsea but his career in west London has gradually fizzled out and he has played just 174 Premier League minutes this term. As a result, Fernandez's lucrative arrival may put notions of a contract extension to bed and make a free transfer exit inevitable at the end of the campaign. DON'T MISS Gary Speed's widow Louise suffers more heartbreak as husband dies from cancer Newcastle may have pulled off masterstroke as Maddison swap opens up What Man Utd chiefs think about Ten Hag after Rashford punishment The former England international has morphed into a utility man to give himself the best chance of success at Stamford Bridge, starting 12 of their 16 Premier League matches so far this term. Signing central-midfield star Fernandez would only reduce Loftus-Cheek's chances of returning to his preferred position, however, which may force him towards the exit door. Due to turn 27 later this month, the former Crystal Palace and Fulham loanee could soon decide that enough is enough and opt to look for regular football elsewhere instead of slipping further down the pecking order at Stamford Bridge, where he came through as an academy prospect. The Swiss international has recently breathed a sigh of relief as the first signs of momentum begin to show in his curious loan move from Juventus. Chelsea were thought to have chased a host of other midfield targets during the summer before turning to Zakaria, who had to wait months for his first appearance in blue. The 26-year-old may be encouraged by back-to-back starts against Nottingham Forest and Bournemouth during the festive period but he was substituted in both games and would surely see his game time take a hit if Fernandez is signed, decreasing the likelihood of his loan stint being made permanent.