Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has been told that several of his current players are similar to those who played under legendary coach Arsene Wenger, in a glowing assessment of his squad. The Spaniard could become the second Gunners coach to lift the Premier League after Wenger if his side can keep Manchester City at bay, and follow in the footsteps of the Frenchman. Former Arsenal defender Bacary Sagna has explained that he would “love” to play in the current side, as it reminds him fondly of the team he used to play in during his stay with the Gunners. He has picked out Bukayo Saka, Thomas Partey and Martin Odegaard as three current stars that resemble the French defender’s former team-mates. “I would love to play in this current squad because it reminds me of when I joined the club originally,” Sagna told Midnite. “But this team has more atmosphere with the fans with a full Emirates stadium every week. “Bukayo Saka reminds me of Theo Walcott and Hleb because he's fast and he's very good one-on-one. Martin Odegaard reminds me of Cesc Fabregas, he has the same quality, but Odegaard also has the technique of Robin van Persie. Thomas Partey reminds me of Alex Song, both are very good technically, can spot a good pass and both sit in the right place on the pitch. The team is very good. “Both the current Arsenal team and the one I was in when I joined had good players, it's hard to pick which is better. Robin van Persie would be great in this current squad, he could play the Arsenal way they play now. It would be amazing to have a combined team of my squad and this current one.” Fabregas, similarly to Odegaard, was handed the Arsenal captaincy perhaps as a surprise because playmakers are not often given the armband, but the Norwegian has thrived this season and become a key player. Partey has anchored the midfield alongside Granit Xhaka, while Saka has provided the necessary technical ability on the wing, as Hleb often did before the Belarussian moved to Barcelona. DON'T MISSMan Utd ‘schedule medical’ for first signing as Ten Hag lands his manTottenham may have found their next Dele Alli in 'clever' star Conte lovesRonaldo and Georgina Rodriguez to break Saudi Arabian law as lawyers speak out Sagna played alongside Arteta with Arsenal and then was coached by the Spaniard when they both moved to Manchester City, and explained how he always knew that the Gunners boss would go on to become a coach. “I could tell Mikel Arteta was going to be a great manager when I played with him,” he added. “When I used to go around his house to watch football, a game like El Clasico, the first thing he would point out is ‘They're playing 5-2-3’ and would always be really into the games he watched and talked about the tactics. “It's a passion for Arteta, like Pep Guardiola, they both eat, drink and live for football. Arteta was a natural leader at Arsenal.”