Teachers have a duty of care to the children they teach and striking is literally a dereliction of that duty. After more than two years of Covid where 40 percent of kids barely saw a teacher is this really the time to sabotage their education yet again? This time not because of a virus but because they want more money? And please let’s not pretend teachers are living on a pittance and so need to go on strike. Last year saw some of the biggest pay rises they’ve had in years  - between five percent and 8.9 percent. The average salary for a teacher outside London is now £39,500-a-year, in London, it’s £40,000 plus. And the Government pays an employer pension contribution of £10,000  to every teacher. It’s also committed to raising teachers’ starting salaries in England to £30,000 by 2024. And yet it’s not enough. And while these salaries aren’t fantastic they’re pretty decent considering teachers teach from 9am-4pm and get 12 weeks' holiday( at least) a year. And please spare me the cries about how stressful the job is and how they have to work at home, planning lessons, marking books etc. I’m sorry but in every profession there’s stress. In every profession, people have to work after hours and at weekends. Teachers are not a special case in this regard. The difference is that teachers get 12 weeks' holiday to help cope with the stress, the rest of us do not. And let’s not forget teaching is one of a handful of professions which continued to pay full salaries during lockdown. Yes, teaching is hard but when wasn’t it?  When is anything worth doing easy? And how is an extra few quid in teachers' pay packets every month going to make it less stressful and fix an education system they say is broken? Call me old fashioned but I truly believed people went into teaching because it was more than just a job – it was a vocation. That, and because they wanted to have a constructive hand in shaping the lives and future generations of young people. And, while I know there are many decent, committed teachers in the profession, why are they being led into this betrayal of our kids by destructive union bosses whose sole agenda is to bring down the Tory government? Many of these union leaders have never taught kids, many don’t even work in schools – which is why they are able to encourage teachers to walk out on their responsibilities without knowing the damage it will wreak on our children’s education and their future prospects. In the 21st century striking is an archaic and largely ineffective bludgeoning tool. This particular strike won’t hurt the Government anywhere near as much as it will hurt our children, their parents (who will have to take days off work and lose money in this brutal cost of living crisis) and most of all the reputations of teachers. These walkouts could not have come at a more catastrophic time. First, for A-level students whose exams are looming and any disruption to their schedules could mean them not getting the results they need to get into their chosen universities. Second, it’s going to hurt all those kids who still haven’t caught up after Covid. Teachers above all people must realise that a ruined education represents a ruined life. We now know the Hellish effects Covid had on our children’s education when schools were closed for months on end and startling figures show that more than 100,000 children never returned to school after lockdowns because they just got used to not being there. Worse is the fact that many of those children who did go back still haven’t caught up on the work they missed. And I’m not talking about middle and upper-class kids here. Because during lockdown and now during these strikes -   they won’t be the ones adversely affected because their parents will fork out for extra tuition to make sure they don’t fall behind. No, the kids whose lives will be beggared up are working-class kids - kids whose parents can barely afford to eat and heat their homes let alone pay for private tuition. They’re the ones whose work will suffer. I cannot believe teachers don’t care about those kids. And if they don’t - they’re in the wrong job. As for these militant unions – these were the unions that during the pandemic were screaming for schools to stay closed even though the science said it was safe for them to re-open. But they chose to stay at home and teach remotely even though it had become clear many children struggled to learn remotely. These strikes are shameful because, for the union bosses, they’re purely political. They’re demanding inflation-busting pay rises knowing they are impossible. But the teaching unions – like many of the others – hate the Tories with a vengeance and want them out. And in order to get them out they’re prepared to sacrifice our children’s education on the altar of their vindictive politics.