Throughout the competition, the contestants were coached and trained by the extreme athlete and motivational speaker Wim Hof ahead of each task. After airing eight episodes last year, the series is reportedly in trouble, with no plans for the pair to make a comeback for another series. The contestants which took part in the series last year were Alfie Boe, Chelcee Grimes, Dianne Buswell, Gabby Logan, Owain Wyn Evans, Patrice Evra, Professor Green, Tamzin Outhwaite and Dianne Buswell. Holly's interest in Wim's methods of deep breathing and cold water therapy was the initial spark to kick-start the series. However, there have been reports that the series may not return for another series, with a source claiming: "Since 2004 Holly has almost exclusively worked for ITV as one of the channel’s most prized presenters. "So it was a big deal in the industry that she was hopping over to the BBC and showed she had real confidence in Freeze the Fear being a big success. READ MORE: Yellowstone plot hole: Fans expose questionable Jamie and Beth scene "But as it stands there’s been no work done on a second series." They added to The Sun: "This time last year the team were months into pre-production and filming was just two weeks away. "Never say never, but as it stands no decision has been made on the future of the show." Express.co.uk contacted BBC for a comment with a spokesperson declining to comment. Each week saw the celebs taking on gruelling challenges, which gradually became more daring as the series progressed. Wim has dedicated his life to showing others that they can achieve things they thought were impossible. Previously speaking about his methods, Wim said: "There is a natural power in the cold. When we embrace it, is when the magic happens. "This is not about being tough, it is about taking ownership of the power of your own mind." DON'T MISS...King Charles is waiting for Meghan and Harry to 'destroy themselves' [INSIGHT]1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton unrecognisable after transformation [LATEST]Escape to the Chateau's Dick Strawbridge tells wife 'to go' [WATCH] When the series first began, there were mixed reviews from the viewers who took to their Twitter accounts to air their thoughts. Nancy Walked commented: "Thought I was learning about Wim Hoff and cold therapy not watching millionaires with problems #FreezeTheFear." @selexiak said: "#freezethefear Look how wonderful it is to be cold!!! Is this a Government-sponsored information show to get us to turn that central heating off?" @KaptionK added: "Very disappointed with #FreezeTheFear - Rather than explore more deeply the breathing techniques, physiological effects and balancing of the mind. "The show was just more beige light entertainment with a few gimmicks thrown in. Devalued the concept." @roxycampbell exclaimed: "I'd rather watch regular people cancer survivors, recovering addicts or people who really need to change their perspective on life, instead of those who are being paid (probably a small fortune) to raise their profile." However, not all viewers were unimpressed with the show, with @sunnyflower20 praising: "Absolutely brilliant but bonkers. "Jumping into icy water and abseiling front facing down cliffs. Eek." (sic) Freeze the Fear is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.