  BBC presenter Stacey Dooley, 35, has described the “chaotic” moment she first found out she was going to be a mum. The former Strictly Come Dancing winner has been busy preparing to give birth to her first child.      On New Year’s Day, Stacey shared the story of the moment she found out she was pregnant with her 1.1 million Instagram followers. The star is expecting her little bundle of joy with former Strictly Come Dancing partner Kevin Clifton, 40, with whom she struck up a romance after the show. On her Instagram story, she wrote: “I did a pregnancy test in Selfridges toilet and facetimed Kev in the back of a black cab.” She went on to share a cute snap of the moment she Facetimed Kevin, who can be seen grinning. READ MORE: Cliff Richard's agony as friend who lived with him for 30 years dies    The star continued to tell fans that Kevin was filming for a gig at the time he found out. “He had a radio mic on so it was all v chaotic,” Stacey confirmed. Since 2019, the pair have been together, with Stacey taking to social media back in August to confirm they were expecting. Stacey has been keeping her followers up to date with her pregnancy and the preparations they have been making to welcome their newborn.      A couple of weeks ago, the presenter confessed she was on the verge of tears when she experienced an unfortunate wardrobe malfunction on her final day of filming before the arrival of her little one. Stacey appeared to be feeling stressed as she explained the saga to her Instagram followers. “Gang, hi,” she began, “I’ve just this second walked through the door just back from work. “I was in Devon today, filming with a really beautiful family and the crew were a delight. READ MORE... Bill Bailey claims Jeremy Clarkson 'deserved kicking' over Meghan [NEWS] Jilly Johnson says Rolling Stone legend helped her start knitting [LATEST] Ireland Baldwin announces she’s pregnant with first child [BREAKING]      “And then went to get the train home -  but the train was cancelled (blah, blah, blah, no one's interested…) “So I got back in the crew van and, as I was getting in, my flairs and my boots sunk into a mixture of cow sh*t and mud,” she revealed. “Delightful,” Stacey continued sarcastically, “And then I felt like I was going to burst into tears, which is obviously a totally rational response.” The documentarian laughed, before adding: “But anyway - it’s a clear sign that I’m ready to chill out for a bit.     “I hope you all have a really brilliant Christmas. Have a lovely, lovely time.” Ahead of Christmas, Stacey took to social media to reveal she would be wrapping up her work for the festive period. "My penultimate day of work before the baby comes,” she wrote at the time. “I haven't got a steriliser yet, but I have got this completely impractical bag for expectant mothers so DON'T WORRY, (I'm gonna be great at this clearly).”    