Liam Smith has mocked the news that Chris Eubank Jr’s team are considering an appeal to British Boxing Board of Control regarding an alleged ‘illegal elbow’ thrown in one of the final sequences. Smith produced a career-best display last weekend as he stormed through Eubank Jr with a fourth-round stoppage victory courtesy of a heavy flurry. However, Eubank Jr’s team claim it was an elbow that did the damage. Next Gen’s promoter Kalle Sauerland has revealed that they are considering lodging an appeal to the Board. "We are looking at it," Sauerland told Sky Sports when asked about a potential appeal. Eubank Jr's trainer, Roy Jones Jr, also raised concerns about an illegal elbow from Smith when firing back at criticisms about his coaching style. Taking to Instagram, he wrote: "Avoid Roy Jones Jr as a trainer! Never mind this elbow…… Just avoid him - Damn, If I can take all that away from a fighter via training, no wonder I raised so much hell in my day!" And now, Smith has reacted to the news by uploading a meme of Mike Tyson hysterically laughing. It appears Smith isn’t too concerned about the appeal, and most fans believe it is far-fetched. “Let’s be honest, it was the uppercut-hook combo that finished it (and I’m a Chris Jr fan). Liam did an outstanding job. Chris Jr. will take the rematch and we will all watch again. I’m actually hoping that he wins the rematch so we can have an exciting trilogy,” tweeted @SvenOnTopic “The uppercut took his senses away. They're going at each other so could be strays in the mix. Clearly for me the uppercut and left hook took his legs away and nothing else,” wrote @Kev82859173 But there were others that sided with Eubank Jr. “Watched that last night.. clear elbow on the eye then the uppercut after it….rematch will be called for,” added @7DMACS. Eubank Jr will have the opportunity to run it back in the not-so-distant future as he looks to activate the rematch clause in his contract with Smith. Post-fight the Brighton boxer confirmed that he wants to fight Smith again and that he would be happy to stage it at Anfield, in his adversary’s home city of Liverpool. The British Boxing Board of Control is yet to confirm whether an official appeal has been lodged at the time of writing.