 Netflix’s steamy dating show Too Hot To Handle returned to screens for a fourth season of hopefuls looking for love last month. While Kayla and Seb Melrose were dunned the troublesome twosome, Kayla reflected on the season and spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about her rule breaks.   Season four introduced a group of horny singles who were put to the ultimate test of staying abstinent to win a cash prize of $200,000 (£163,548). However, the total amount wasn’t promised as the sum would diminish and the group would be fined every time someone broke a rule. Throughout their stay in the villa, the singletons were not allowed to kiss, there was no heavy petting, sex, or solo-self-gratification of any kind permitted. Despite this, Kayla broke nearly every rule which started off with kissing Nigel Jones, this amounted to a loss of $3,000. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'ill' Even after the show’s virtual assistant doubled the fines, Kayla among others continued to break the rules and ultimately cost the group. This time she decided to pair up with Seb and the two struggled to keep their hands off each other. Despite this risk, the couple shared a number of steamy kisses, fondled each other and even had sex, much to the rest of the cast’s dismay. As a result, Kayla and Seb cost the group a whopping $65,000 and while they were apologetic after each rule break, the duo were put to the ultimate test.   The couple was challenged to spend a night in a private suite which had a bathtub, massage oils and champagne without breaking more rules. Together they had to win the group's trust back and after what looked like a steamy night of romance, the duo revealed they had kept their promise and didn’t break any rules. Speaking on this moment, Kayla told Express.co.uk: “I just feel like it's really hard to resist each other in general because like our connection is super, super strong. “But we were like, ‘Let's do this, let's earn their trust back,’ because we've already caused so much havoc, but I thought the havoc was quite fun.” DON'T MISS...Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry [INSIGHT]Too Hot To Handle’s Nigel accidentally lets slip his celibacy fate [INSIGHT] Too Hot To Handle’s James Pendergrass shares reason he enforced rules [INSIGHT]   She continued: “The fact that everyone was p****d was hilarious to me, I just thought it was so funny. I was like I guess we're all sticking the mud.” While Kayla and Seb were in the suite, the rest of the group was also being put to the test. They had the choice of forfeiting $10,000 to cover all potential rule breaks or put their full trust in Seb and Kayla. After a tense discussion, they ultimately decided to trust Seb and Kayla wouldn’t break any rules and take from the cash prize.    Kayla added: “I was like, ‘We'll get your trust back’ and I'm glad that in the end, they did trust us and not forfeit a bunch of money because we did prove to them. “But I would not say it was easy, at all and we definitely pushed a little bit like we definitely took a bath together. “For some reason us and the bathroom, no, keep us out of the bathroom because it's not a good mix.” Despite their strong chemistry, it was determined that Jawahir Khalifa and Nick Kici had a deeper emotional connection and they went on to win season four. While Kayla and Seb were placed second.  Too Hot To Handle seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix.