 Pamela Anderson, 55, is releasing a bombshell memoir and documentary this month, which will see the actress detailing her chaotic rise to fame and the childhood that came before it. In one particular excerpt from the upcoming Netflix documentary, the actress and model claims she suffered “years of abuse” at the hands of her childhood babysitter, while also trying to protect her brother from the trauma.   Pamela gained notoriety in the ‘90s thanks to her starring role in Baywatch, and soon after became a household name in Hollywood for her raucous relationship with rock musician Tommy Lee. However, the actress now claims there were far darker times in her life before fame came along. In the documentary, Pamela, A Love Story, the model alleges she was “molested” when she was just eight years old. Pamela claims the abuse came at the hands of her childhood babysitter and that she suffered “three or four years from hell” with her. READ MORE: Jamie Redknapp on 'perfect' wife Frida as he shares struggle to find love after Louise  She claimed her parents never noticed the abuse, and thought the babysitter was “great because she brought presents all the time”. However, out of sight of her parents, Pamela alleges the babysitter “was molesting me”. The Baywatch star claimed: “She always told me not to tell my parents. I tried to protect my brother from her." At one point, the alleged abuse got so bad the young Pamela attempted to murder her babysitter, and while she didn’t succeed, there were dire consequences for her mental health.  She continued: “I tried to kill her and tried to stab in the heart with a candy cane pen. “I told her I wanted her to die and then she died in a car accident the next day." The young girl fully believed she had “killed her with my magical mind” and refused to speak about the abuse or her dangerous thoughts out of fear. She added: “I wished her dead and she died. I lived with that my whole really young life.”     The actress went on to explain that during the most “traumatic moments” of her childhood, she would have out-of-body experiences. Pamela explained: “I would just leave my body and float away and I'd make my own little world. I just thought I had to get off the island." In the documentary, which also features clips from her home videos and insight into Pamela’s personal diaries, the actress reveals the happiest time of her life was spent with her ex-husband Tommy Lee. The couple became instant headliners in 1995 when they got married after knowing each other for just four days.  While the whirlwind relationship captured the hearts of hopeless romantics across the world, the couple soon made headlines for entirely different reasons. In 1996, Pamela and Tommy became one of the first celebrity couples to fall victim to a sex tape scandal, when their private video was stolen and sold on the internet. The A-list couple had two children together, Brandon, 26, and Dylan, 25, before divorcing in 1998. Pamela, A Love Story is released on Netflix on January 31.