An Australian woman has called for "adults-only" areas in Australia with a strict no-children policy in place. The calls have been met with agreement from many parents.  The 27-year-old TikToker, whose account name is Baby Soja, said there are people who "hate kids" that would really appreciate the areas. She said she is "so sick" of children disturbing the "peace and quiet" of swimming pools and other public areas. Some annoyed people instructed her to "move to a retirement village" if she wants to relax. Others admitted they would spend all of their savings to move to a child-free suburb. READ MORE: Fury as locals slam daytrippers for overcrowding area The TikToker said: "I would like to know when somebody is planning on opening an adults-only suburb where everything in it is only for adults," "I'm so sick of going places and kids are just everywhere screaming, and I just have to put up with it?" Her annoyance came after she went for a swim in a pool and kids were jumping in and out of the lap lane and preventing people from exercising. She said: "They have their own pool and they're in the lap lane pool, not swimming laps just jumping in screaming, and that's just allowed because they're allowed everywhere. "I just feel like people like me who are evil and hate kids we should have our own suburb where we can just be quiet and undisturbed." People reacted to the controversial clip in mixed ways, with an overwhelming majority agreeing with the idea, alongside hundreds of parents. A woman said: "As a mum, I agree. I hate going to dinner without my kids to listen to other people's kids carry on. There should be more adult-only place. Another agreed: "Not just for people who hate kids but I imagine some adults with kids would like a break too." DON'T MISSOne year after Brexit we are still shackled to the EU - COMMENT [COMMENT]Polling expert explains how Reform could see long-term support surge [POLL]Sturgeon named ‘tin pot dictator’ as SNP urged to drop indy ref calls [OPINION] Another commented: "I would spend all my savings to get to this community." However, other people advised her that these zones do exist, and are called "retirement villages". One said: "Yes, kids may get annoying and we may need our own space, but at the end of the day they are just kids they can't help screaming cause they are only young. "You used to be a kid mate.. ya know. So get over getting older," another wrote.