Stefanos Tsitsipas and Jim Courier were involved in a hilarious exchange during the Greek star's on-court interview following his win over Jiri Lehecka after admitting that he would like to see Margot Robbie in the stands to watch him play tennis at some point. Tsitsipas maintained his impressive record of never losing a Grand Slam quarter-final with a relatively straight-forward win over Lehecka.  It's the fourth time in the last five years Tsitsipas has reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open, but he's yet to play in the final at what he calls his "home slam". Tsitsipas has a huge Greek following in Australia and often has the majority support in the arenas throughout the tournament. It's a country where Tsitsipas admits he feels most at home, and it's also where his favourite actress hails from it seems. Speaking candidly in his on-court interview with Courier, Tsitsipas caught everyone by surprise when he appeared to make a very public plea to meet five-time Bafta nominee Robbie. "Australia is such a great country," he started. "I like a lot of Aussie things. One of my favourite actresses comes from here, Margot Robbie."  The comment drew laughter and cheers from the crowd inside Rod Laver Arena and Courier even seemed surprised by Tsitsipas' openness. "Are you pitching right now?" Courier asked. "What's happening? Are you making an offer? What are we seeing here?" Tsitsipas replied: "It would be nice to see her here one day." Courier then asked for Tsitsipas to be "crystal clear" on whether he's extending an invitation to the actress, with the Greek star adding: "Absolutely."  Tsitsipas then moved on from the light-hearted remark, adding just how much he values the support in Australia and what the Grand Slam means to him on a personal level. "That's not it," he added. "I like a lot of things in Australia. The people are very welcoming. I've said that so many times and I will keep saying it because it's very true. I grew up in a place that is very similar in terms of conditions and lifestyle and I find myself feeling home when I'm here because it's not too tropical and not too humid. It very much feels like home. "I know the French players have Roland Garros as their home Grand Slam, the British players have Wimbledon, the Americans have US Open. For me, the Australian Open is always going to be my home Grand Slam. I feel very much loved here." 