Vikings: Valhalla season two is coming to Netflix on January 12 and it will see Freydís Eiríksdóttir (played by Frida Gustavsson) continue on her journey of self-discovery. The second season picks up directly after the battle at Kattegat, which saw Freydis and Harald Sigurdsson (Leo Suter) separate from Leif Erikson (Sam Corlett). Express.co.uk has all you need to know about season three and the show's future. Viewers are excited to find out how Freydis, Leif and Harald continue their journeys after the battle at Kattegat. Freydis was told she was destined to be the Keeper of the Faith and she still has a lot of questions about her fate. Meanwhile, Harald wanted to win back his right to be crowned King of Norway after the role was stolen from him. Leif was mourning the losses from the battle and he was last seen going on a violent rampage. READ MORE: Vikings Valhalla intimacy coordinator on necessity of sex scenes Fans will be pleased to hear the series has already been renewed for a third season. Series three was given the green light at the same time as season two and production started back in the spring of 2022. With this in mind, work on season three must almost be coming to an end as it has been almost a year in the making. The drama was originally announced as a 24-episode series, split into three eight-episode seasons. From this, there is a possibility that season three will be the last chapter in the story. Leif, Freydis and Harald are all likely to reprise their roles until the very end of the series. Speaking about the show's success after season one, creator Jeb Stuart said at the time: "THANK YOU to the millions of you who have watched (and rewatched!) Season One. "The numbers have been mind-boggling and beyond my wildest expectations. DON'T MISS... Vikings Valhalla paid tribute to Vikings’ King Harald in costume clue [INSIGHT] What happened to the real King Edmund? Valhalla twist explained [EXPLAINER]Vikings star had ‘breakdowns’ on set of new series [INSIGHT] "I’m thrilled to be able to confirm that we wrapped and are already editing Season Two and that production will start soon on Season Three. "While the storylines for Leif, Freydis, Harald, Olaf, Canute and the rest of our amazing cast are secret, I can say without hesitation that their journeys will be even more epic than what you've seen so far. SKÅL!!!” [Sic] Peter Friedlander, head of US shows for Netflix, added: "The fans have spoken and we couldn't be more thrilled than to bring them more of the epic adventure and heart-pounding action they love. "Jeb Stuart has masterfully taken this beloved saga 125 years into the future and introduced a whole new generation of Vikings and stories that have resonated with new and existing fans all over the world. "There is plenty more to avenge and more battles to fight." At this moment in time, there is very little detail on what time period season three will start in. Viewers will have to wait and see whether the season two finale gives any clues as to where it will be set. The first season took place 100 years after the events on the Amazon Prime Video series, Vikings. It chronicles the beginning of the end of the Viking Age, marked by the Battle of Stamford Bridge in 1066.  Vikings: Valhalla season 2 airs on Netflix on January 12