Jane McDonald enjoyed everything Cyrus had to offer as she visited the birthplace of Aphrodite in her latest Channel 5 travel series. The cruising crooner met up with an old friend during her trip who cheekily suggested the pair strip before heading into the sea to see the goddess’ birthplace up close. The singer met up with her old friend Kostas as the pair reminisced over a coffee. Jane subsequent went off on an Aphrodite-inspired adventure on the back of Kostas’ motorbike. The pair arrived as Aphrodite’s Rock, a sea stack off the shore in Paphos. Jane explained that its said that those who swim around the rock will be gifted with eternal beauty. Read more: Jane McDonald inundated with support after heartbreaking tribute to Ed She quipped to the camera: “You might want to swim around the rock if you were alone but I don’t think I can risk doing it with Kostas.” Speaking to her old friend, she said: “Everybody has an experience with Aphrodite.” “Yes,” Kostas before the Channel 5 traveller remarked: “Wow.” “Good job I didn’t bring my swimming costume I could have been in real trouble,” Jane joked. “Maybe we go and swim it together?” Kostas suggested. “No, you’re alright,” Jane hit back. “I haven’t got my costume. The Cypriot cheekily suggested the pair go into the sea with “nothing” on. “Don’t even go there,” Jane replied as she burst out laughing. DON'T MISSJane McDonald shares staple item she won't travel without [INSIGHT]Jane McDonald overcome with emotion as she speaks on late husband [INTERVIEW]Jane McDonald left red-faced as she falls over [VIDEO] “I knew it,” the singer added. “I knew you would say that!” Elsewhere, Jane got stuck in as she witnessed the ancient art of lace-making and learnt how to make halloumi cheese. Although she passed up the opportunity to swim with Kostas it wasn’t long before she took a dip in the ocean. Jane experienced a spot of sea-bobbing while snorkelling in the Blue Lagoon. The singer returned to dry land to be serenaded by Peter Andre’s brother Chris on the bouzouki. She then finished off her trip by meeting up with some of her friends that she made along the way on her Cyprus trip. Jane enjoyed some music, great food and entertainment in a tradition Cypriot tavern. Holidaying with Jane McDonald is available on Channel 5.