Erik ten Hag has left the door open for Jadon Sancho to make his first Manchester United appearance in three months against Reading. United host the Championship outfit at Old Trafford tomorrow in search of a place in the FA Cup fifth round. Sancho has featured for the Red Devils since the 1-1 draw against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on October 22. The 22-year-old started on the left wing, but Ten Hag dragged him off after 51 minutes as he searched for a go-ahead goal in his latest of a string of unconvincing performances. However, the United manager has now suggested that Sancho could make his highly-anticipated return to action against Reading this weekend. Speaking ahead of the FA Cup fourth-round tie, he told reporters: "[Sancho] is training with the team, so we will see. "He's improving. He's making steps, and we will make the decision [on if he faces Reading] after training." However, the Dutchman ruled Diogo Dalot out again and admitted there was a 'question mark' over Luke Shaw after missing the trip to Nottingham Forest. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Paul Ince returns to Old Trafford with his out-of-form Royals side, winning just one of their last five outings and sitting 14th in the Championship. Another winger who may be hoping for more minutes against his men is Facundo Pellistri, who made his second United appearance at Forest in midweek. The 21-year-old has been heavily linked with a loan move away from M16 this month for more regular game-time, with Valencia his hottest suitors. But Ten Hag has seemingly confirmed Pellistri won't be going anywhere before the winter deadline, claiming his decision to use the Uruguay international at the City Ground was a 'signal' of his stance. "The way we put on Pellistri on Wednesday is already a signal [that he won't be loaned out]," Ten Hag explained. DON'T MISS: Bruno Fernandes puts Marcus Rashford and Man Utd team-mates to shame  Victory against Reading would see Ten Hag's side progress into the FA Cup fifth round in the first of four successive home fixtures. United host Nottingham Forest in the second leg of their Carabao Cup semi-final on Wednesday, though a 3-0 advantage has all but booked a ticket to Wembley. It will then be Crystal Palace's turn to visit Old Trafford in the Premier League, where United will aim to bounce back from the late draw at Selhurst Park and defeat at Arsenal last week. Leeds United are then on the agenda in the first instalment of a mouth-watering league double-header between the two bitter rivals over five days. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here