WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Vera season 12, episode 1 Vera will be bidding farewell to forensics expert Dr Malcolm Donahue (played by Paul Kaye) this evening (January 29) on ITV1 and ITVX at 8pm. Game of Thrones and The Stranger actor has been a firm fixture on Vera since 2019 when he joined. However, he’s now going to be stepping down after 14 episodes starring opposite veteran star Brenda Blethyn. Dr Malcolm left the show this evening after getting a new job, which took him away from the team. Speaking about his exit, lead Blethyn said the star was one of the “most positive people” she knew and “no matter the circumstances” always remained upbeat. On their character, she said there was “total respect between Vera and Dr Malcolm with some typical dry humour from the pathologist.  READ MORE: Lea Michele branded ‘disrespectful’ after ‘pushing’ Sadie Sink Blethyn said: “When they first meet Vera isn’t quite sure what to make of her and thinks she’s a bit too clever for her own good. “But she is clever in a good sense. We meet Paula in the fourth film For The Grace Of God. “That’s a really good story that deals with ex-Army personnel and homelessness when a former soldier ends up down and out on the streets of Newcastle.” Along with working on Vera, Kaye has also appeared in TV series The Witch, Afterlife, Netflix’s The Stranger and Year of the Rabbit on Channel 4. According to IMDb, he will next be featuring in the TV series Sexy Beast, Seize Them!, Black Dog, And Mrs and Nandor Fodor and the Talking Mongoose. Before starring in Vera, some of Kaye’s other roles included Game of Thrones portraying red priest Thoros of Myr, BBC’s Three Girls and his comedic figure Dennis Pennis. Meanwhile, incoming star Impey is most recognisable for her role as Saira TV show We Are Lady Parts. She’s also starred in the short film Legs, Lockclown, Halcyon Heights and The Second Chance. Some of her other parts include Samuell Benta’s Perceptions and a production of The Tempest with the Royal Shakespeare Company. The actress will be appearing next in Home Safe, which is in post-production. Her role in Vera marks her most high profile role to date with the ITV crime known to have cast members come and go over the years. Some stars to have left over the years have included Kingsley Ben-Adir as Dr. Anthony Carmichael, Wunmi Mosaku as DC Holly Lawson and David Leon as DS Joe Ashworth. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle 'converted' Prince Harry to 'new religion of woke' [INSIGHT]3 big Emmerdale spoilers as lovers reunite and blackmail rocks village [THEORIES]Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row [UPDATE] Blethyn has previously spoken about her heartbreak of co-star Leon leaving the show. She said about her current colleague: "Kenny [Doughty] is my mate, my buddy. "I never thought I’d get over David [Leon] going in series four.” She went on to say: "That broke my heart. But Kenny is also a really good actor and a joy to work with. "He’s great company on set along with the rest of the cast, the crew and the directors." Vera airs on ITV1 and ITV on Sundays at 8pm