Hamza Yassin, 32, was elated when he won the 2022 series of Strictly Come Dancing alongside his pro partner Jowita Przystal. However, claims have since surfaced that the CBBC star is less than happy after learning Jowita is dating fellow pro dancer Giovanni, 32. Hamza appears to have unfollowed Giovanni, 32, on Instagram, following reports the Italian dancer has been getting cosy with Jowita. Hamza had previously followed Giovanni and other members of the Strictly cast on the social media platform, until this week. However, he is still following his pro partner Jowita. It comes after Hamza was reportedly unhappy after his dance partner Jowita hooked up with Giovanni. READ MORE: Sue Holderness brands Harry and Meghan's Netflix show 'tedious' The wildlife host was said to be “besotted” with the 28-year-old dancer. Express.co.uk has previously contacted Hamza, Jowita, and Giovanni for comment about these claims. After their win, Hamza was keen to take their relationship a step further, but she wanted to remain platonic, according to a source. And a source told The Sun he was heartbroken when it revealed she was seeing fellow Strictly star Giovanni. The source said: “Hamza and Jowita became very close and at times were quite touchy-feely. "People would often see them sneak off together. “Obviously their closeness really helped when it came to them winning the trophy. “But while Jowita thinks the world of him, she held back from anything romantic and kept him slightly at arm’s length. DONT MISS:Sophie Ellis-Bextor says famous parents 'really put her off' TV career (PHOTOS)Stacey Solomon may have hinted at baby's gender as she unveils scan (LATEST)Lewis Hamilton left ‘devastated’ by death of ‘dear friend’ Ken Block (NEWS) “When it was clear she was involved with Giovanni, the reason for that became clear. "But while Hamza wants her to be happy, he was quietly devastated.” CBBC star Hamza went from being an underdog, to the ballroom series’ biggest success story — and credited Jowita with his progress at every step of the way. In an emotional tribute to her after their win, he said: “You are an angel disguised as a human being, a ray of sunshine.” An insider added that Giovanni and Jowita went public with their romance at Gio's pal Chelsea star Jorginho's birthday dinner, where they openly flirted after weeks of keeping their romance secret. Jowita recently split from her long-term boyfriend, fellow dancer Michael Danilczuk.