Lisa Marie Presley was rushed to hospital after suffering a reported cardiac arrest, with her death being confirmed by her mother Priscilla Presley. Tributes have begun to pour in for Elvis Presley's only daughter, with Elvis biopic star Tom Hanks and his wife leaving heartbreaking messages on Instagram. Rita Wilson, Tom's wife, took to Instagram to share a lengthy message and several pictures with the Presley family from herself and her husband. She captioned the post: "Our hearts are broken with the sudden and shocking passing of Lisa Marie Presley tonight. Tom and I had spent some time with the family during the Elvis movie promotional tour. "Lisa Marie was so honest and direct, vulnerable, in a state of anticipation about the movie. She spoke so eloquently about her father, and what the movie meant to her, that it was a celebration of her dad. "She had her gorgeous daughters Finley and Harper with her who made us all laugh. She privately showed us her home, Graceland, and she made it feel like home to us. READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss "She was so gracious to us, Austin, Baz, and the guests. If you haven’t heard her music please go listen. "She had a sultry voice, power and tenderness, that I have always loved. Our hearts and our prayers go out to Riley, Harper, Finley, Danny @nava_rone and Priscilla. "A mother should never have to lose a child. Lisa Marie lost her precious son Benjamin, and Priscilla lost her only daughter. It’s too much. "Sending love to the family, prayers for peace and strength. Love, Rita and Tom." Tom, shared a shorter message following his wife's reading: "We are heartbroken over the loss of Lisa Marie Presley. Absolutely broken… Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson." Lisa was pictured just two days ago at the Golden Globes in support of the Elvis biopic and was interviewed by Extra Tonight. In the clip, Lisa turned to her friend for support as she said: "I'm going to grab your arm." She appeared to talk slowly in the interview while slurring her words when she responded to questions about the Elvis star, Austin Butler. DON'T MISS... Dancing On Ice star Christopher Dean rushed to hospital after accident [NEWS] Lisa Marie Presley slurs words at Golden Globes just before death [INSIGHT] Jack Nicholson's pals fear Hollywood star, 85, has become a recluse [HOLLYWOOD] Craig Little, a spokesperson for the county’s fire department, confirmed LA County paramedics were sent to the Calabasas home at 10.37 am (6.37pm GMT) following a report of a woman in full cardiac arrest. The spokesperson added that paramedics arrived about six minutes later. According to the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department, paramedics performed CPR and determined the patient had "signs of life". She was immediately rushed to a hospital in nearby West Hills. Her mother, Priscilla Presley, issued a statement at the time, confirming that her daughter had been taken to the hospital. It read: "My beloved daughter Lisa Marie was rushed to the hospital. She is now receiving the best care. Please keep her and our family in your prayers. "We feel the prayers from around the world, and ask for privacy during this time. -Priscilla Presley." Just hours later Priscilla confirmed to PEOPLE that her daughter had sadly passed away following the cardiac arrest. The statement read: "It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us. "She was the most passionate, strong and loving woman I have ever known. "We ask for privacy as we try to deal with this profound loss. Thank you for the love and prayers. At this time there will be no further comment."