Novak Djokovic was in floods of tears after making history by winning his 10th Australian Open title and 22nd overall Grand Slam. The Serb defeated Stefanos Tsitsipas 6-3 7-6(4) 7-6(5) to match Rafael Nadal's overall record of men's Major titles and break new ground in Melbourne Park, and he was seen sobbing in his player box surrounded by his team and family after the match. Djokovic was the most emotional he had ever been after a title win as he finally won his 10th Australian Open crown and was able to match long-time rival Nadal's record of 22 Grand Slams with his win over Tsitsipas on Sunday. The fourth seed ran over to his player box and was hoisted in to celebrate with his family and team - with his dad absent following this week's controversy after he was caught in a video alongside pro-Putin protesters. The 35-year-old sobbed in the arms of his mum and brother before he lay down on the floor in between the seats and continued crying with his team surrounding him. It came after an eventful two weeks for Djokovic, which saw him struggle with a hamstring injury in his earlier rounds before the controversy surrounding his dad. But the now 22-time Major champion was able to put everything to one side to produce a complete performance over the third seed to win his 10th overall Aussie Open and fourth in a row after being deported on the eve of the tournament last year, leaving him unable to play. JUST IN: Elena Rybakina hits back at 'disturbing' coach comments after Aus Open  Djokovic finally got up from his box and appeared to be shaking as he released all the tension he had been carrying during the last two weeks, needing help to get back down from his player box before returning to his bench where he put his head in a towel and continued to audibly sob. MORE TO FOLLOW We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: express.co.uk/sport/football. Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @dexpress_sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real time. We're also on Facebook @dailyexpresssport - offering your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day to like, comment and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express and Express.co.uk. 