A "face yoga" and skincare expert Danielle Collins has detailed how to get rid of two lines in the forehead, known as 11 lines with a quick 40 second demonstration. The "11 lines" are called glabellar lines. They are the two vertical wrinkles between the eyebrows, usually caused by movements like frowning. Avoiding frowning is one way to help prevent the lines, but the wrinkles are likely to form here at some point in your life. While many get Botox injections to prevent lines here, gua sha face massage can help too. Danielle is a face yoga expert who has taught facial massage for almost 20 years. She shared a 40-minute routine with the gua sha to help reduce the look of the lines. READ MORE: 'How I aged in reverse and how you can too - my four essential anti-ageing tips' The expert said: "Make sure you apply a product first to give you glide on the skin. I am using Fusion by Danielle Collins Pro Lift Moisturising serum." Danielle took the gua sha and gently strokes it in short movements across the front and top of the eyebrow. She said: "Be intuitive with the pressure you use. I have quite a few moles on my forehead so I try and avoid those. "It's fine to see some temporary redness appear. This is called 'Sha' and it's a good indication that the energy (qi) is moving and you and boosting the blood circulation." Danielle then moves to the other eyebrow, with the same quick, light motion. She added: "Don't Gua Sha over broken skin or active acne." Then Danielle uses the same kind of movement upwards between the eyebrows. She said: "You will be relaxing tension in your muscles to prevent lines forming as well as softening any existing lines." DON'T MISSDermatologist's 'anti-ageing secret' will take ‘up to eight years off' [BEAUTY] Skincare expert details her five 2022 picks for glowing skin [REVIEW] Dermatologist's 5 essentials to 'dramatically brighten' the skin [EXPERT] Gua sha is a method of facial message using a smooth-edged tool. This message is dragged across the skin to manipulate muscles and stimulate blood flow. It hails from China and is now hugely popular in the beauty sphere. In the massage, the skin is treated with oil before the smooth tool is scraped along the face. It can also be used for the rest of the body to help with chronic pain. According to proponents of the therapy, gua sha