Chinese zodiac, or shengxiao, is represented by 12 zodiac animals. In order, they are the Rat, Ox, Tiger, Rabbit, Dragon, Snake, Horse, Goat, Monkey, Rooster, Dog and Pig. The year 2023 is the Year of the Rabbit, which starts from January 22 this year until February 9, 2024. The Rat is the first zodiac sign in the Chinese zodiac cycle. It occurs every 12 years. Years of the Rat are 2032, 2020, 2008, 1996, 1984, 1972, 1960, 1948, 1936, and so on. According to the history of the Chinese zodiac, in the competition held by the Jade Emperor to decide the zodiac animals, the quick-witted rat asked the diligent ox to take him on a ride to cross the river and jumped down before the ox crossed the finish line. Thus the rat won the race and became the first of the zodiac animals, followed by the ox, tiger, rabbit, dragon, snake, horse, goat, monkey, rooster, dog and pig. Astrologers from China Highlights have shared what the Rat's characteristics are, and what's in store for those who are born under the sign this year. Personality traits Rats are "quick-witted, resourceful, and smart but lack courage", according to astrologers. With rich imaginations and sharp observations, they can take advantage of various opportunities well. In Chinese culture, rats represent working diligently and thriftiness, so people born in a Rat year are thought to be wealthy and prosperous. Men born in a Rat year are very curious so they tend to try their hands at anything and they can deal with tasks skillfully. Women born in a Rat year are pretty, smart, and lovely. They have quick minds and dexterous hands, and are able to learn anything. They are always considerate of their families and friends.  Love compatibility Chinese astrologers have claimed that some zodiac signs get along with each other better than others. The most compatible zodiac signs with a Rat are: Rat, Ox, Dragon, or Monkey. China Highlights' astrologers said: "The Rat and Ox have complementary characters and will help each other in their work and home lives. "The Rat and Dragon will have a good relationship and support each other. Couples including a Rat and a Monkey will get along well and be happy." As for the least compatible zodiac signs with a Rat, these are: Rabbit, Horse, or Rooster. Health Rats are generally healthy people, according to astrologers. "They are full of energy and active, which helps them keep fit and avoid illness," they said. It is advised that Rats follow a balanced diet and exercise regularly. The astrologers continued: "With enough rest Rats can keep high spirits at work, which can improve work efficiency. When in stressful and tense conditions, Rats are suggested to take a tour to free stress and tension." Career As for best-suited careers for rats, the astrologers claimed that the following roles would work: administrator, director, manager, entrepreneur, broadcaster, writer, musician, stand-up comedian, politician, lawyer, researcher, and racing car driver. Predictions for 2023 "With good insight and a sharp perspective, Rats have good judgment in what they do, which enables them to prevent unnecessary problems," the astrologers continued. "Rats are cautious and meticulous, so they tend to show a serious attitude toward their work." Focusing on the year ahead, China Highlights' astrologers said: "Rats, among the 12 zodiac signs, your sign, the Rat, is first and the Rabbit is fourth, and the first and fourth branches tend to overcome each other. "Therefore, Rat people, you will encounter many difficult troubles in 2023, and your overall horoscope will be one of ups and downs. "Rat people, you need to be cautious and not impulsive in your actions during this year."