 The promo for last night's instalment of Law and Order SVU teased the eagerly anticipated kiss could happen during the episode of the NBC drama. However, as Olivia Benson (played by Mariska Hargitay) rejected Elliot Stabler’s (Christopher Meloni) advance, fans took to Twitter with fury.    Since Benson and Stabler first appeared in the pilot episode of Law and Order SVU in 1999, fans have wanted to friends too take their friendship a step further. However, despite their flirty banter and sexual tension, this wasn’t possible as Stabler was a married father at the time. With a string of failed romances, fans believed he was Benson’s only true connection, but this went awry between the two after Stabler resigned and left New York without saying goodbye. After nearly 10 years, the two reunited and fans were convinced they would give romance a go after Stabler revealed his wife Kathy Stabler (Isabel Gillies) had died. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend confirms break from ITV soap Following the major tease, fans switched to NBC hoping to see Benson and Stabler finally lock lips, but Benson couldn’t commit. This sparked major fury as disappointed fans took to Twitter and raged at the show for leading them on. A frustrated @grbush82 remarked: “The biggest letdown ever.” @desig33 tweeted: “Ok this is so annoying! Frickin kiss already! Olivia come on, it’s Elliot!”  A third fan @kaitlynslansky added: “IM SO MAD THEY TRICKED ME!” A furious @shambraegamble raged: “This was painful to watch, and I hate everyone that contributed to this scene. It’s been TWENTY-FOUR YEARS! LET OLIVIA BE HAPPY!!!!!!” @zenamadi22 stated: “This is what I waited for the past 2 weeks 24 years and 528 episodes FOR THIS. ARE YOU SERIOUS?” Despite the furious viewers, many remained hopeful and saw the near kiss as a step in the right direction. DON'T MISS...Lea Michele branded ‘disrespectful’ after ‘pushing’ Sadie Sink [REACTION]The Handmaid’s Tale star returns to Law and Order SVU [INSIGHT]Law and Order SVU's Ice-T furiously responds to feud claims [INSIGHT]  A sixth fan @nadia_benlarbi added: “Breaks my heart and gives me hope at the same time. So well done.” (sic) After Benson was recently attacked, she let down her guard and was vulnerable with Stabler. While they stood in his kitchen, a bruised Benson leaned in for a kiss but Stabler looked at her and said: “Liv.” The two shared an intimate embrace as Benson confessed: “I want to but I can't.”     After Stabler probed: “Why not?” she hit back: “Because what if things don’t work out?” “What if things do work out?" he responded but the realisation of getting into a relationship with her longest friend was too much for Benson. She looked him in the eye, stepped back and confirmed: “I’m not ready for this.” As this is the closest Stabler and Benson have got to a kiss, this could be a positive indication of a potential romance in the future.  Law and Order SVU season 24 continues Thursdays on NBC in the US. A UK release date has yet to be announced.  