Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp admitted he is "very concerned" and dropped another hint about the club's January transfer plans after the Reds suffered a 3-0 defeat away to Brighton on Saturday. A brace for Solly March and Danny Welbeck's first Premier League goal of the season saw the Reds leapfrogged by their south coast opponents, with pressure growing on the Merseyside club as their top-four ambitions falter. When asked if he was concerned about the current state of the club, Klopp replied: "Yeah, how can you not be after a game like this? I cannot stand here and say it didn't happen. Of course, we have to be very concerned about it. "Bad. Really bad. I can't remember a worse game. A really tough day. It's not difficult maybe. Brighton were the better team, it was well deserved. They played really well. It was a very organised team against a not very organised team. We gave the ball away, the spaces were too big and we couldn't push up. "That is obviously not good, especially against a super well-drilled side like Brighton. They got more confident and we did the opposite. I can imagine they are very happy because it was a great performance and we made it too easy in too many moments." Klopp admitted that he attempted to change his formation but the players did not buy into the change and hinted that no more new signings are forthcoming, instead claiming that he needs to be "creative" with his decisions. "I had an idea to change the formation which was to try help the team," Klopp added. "That was the idea. But we never did it properly. We were always a bit in between and that's the worst thing you can do. We could have done better but we didn't and that's why I looked the way it did. We need to be creative with the options we have. What I saw today from my team was that they were not really convinced by it. That's it." DON’T MISS Paul Scholes agrees with Marcus Rashford after Antony overshadowedTen Hag shoots down claims Rashford went above and beyond vs Man CityMan Utd star Rashford lets three players off the hook in Man City win  "How can you explain that [what is going wrong? The same players played outstanding football matches but if things aren't properly organised then it can look like that. We were always a bit late and things like this. "If you don't win key challenges and lose the ball too easily they are the two worst things that can happen in football. There is no formation that can solve that." After spending an initial £37million on Cody Gakpo this month there have been further calls for the Reds' midfield to be strengthened in the transfer market, but Klopp in his pre-Brighton press conference insisted that further arrivals are unlikely to join the club. 