Red Bull sacked over 150 staff members at the introduction of F1’s strict budget cap rules in 2021. According to a new report from Motorsport-Total, the reigning champions dropped their workforce from 875 in 2020 to 721 a year later. This accounted for almost a 20 per cent reduction in labour in what was the biggest turnover across the grid. However, it is possible that some of the team’s engineers may have been moved over to the Red Bull Powertrains division. The team are in the process of building their own power-units after a deal with Porsche for 2026 failed to materialise. Mercedes also made redundancies ahead of the budget cap but their restructuring was a lot smaller. Just 59 people lost their jobs at the Silver Arrows as the workforce was cut from 1,063 to 1,004. McLaren and Aston Martin also made cutbacks while Alpine, Haas, AlphaTauri and Williams all added staff. READ MORE: Max Verstappen conspiracy theory raised after Drive to Survive return The figures come after Alpine team boss Otmar Szafnauer warned some larger teams may be exploiting a loophole around their staff. He explained: “When everyone’s the right size, you lose that. You lose that a little bit. “What some of the other bigger teams are now doing is they’re looking to exploit or have a better understanding of where there are loopholes or some organisational changes you can make to actually stuff more people under that budget cap. “They’re looking at, ‘Yeah, I got rid of a hundred people, but now I want to hire back because under the budget cap I was able to find spots for them where they either don’t count as a whole person or they do some marketing stuff or whatever it is, or they work on a boat for some of the time'.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton warned Max Verstappen is now a different beast [INSIGHT]Christian Horner talks up Red Bull decision after Ferrari row  [ANALYSIS]Sergio Perez told to 'step up a gear' to take on Max Verstappen [COMMENT] However, the staff cuts did not prevent Red Bull from exceeding the cap with the team found guilty of breaking the rules. The team were found to have broke the cap by £1.8million ($2.2m) but the FIA accepted this would have been just £432,000 ($0.5m) if tax reports had been submitted correctly. Red Bull were slapped with a heavy fine and sporting penalties for breaking the cap. Most importantly, the team will face a further 10 per cent reduction in wind tunnel testing for 2023.