Payments worth £150, £300 and £900 will be made over the course of the next financial year, which starts in April. The latest round of cost of living support was announced by Chancellor Jeremy Hunt in the Autumn Statement. Some eight million pensioner households will get a cost of living payment to help them pay for rising energy bills and other daily costs. Below are details of the cost of living payments for the coming year and how pensioners can access them if they are eligible. This payment is going out to Britons on means-tested benefits, including Universal Credit and Pension Credit. The money will be paid in three instalments, with these rough dates recently announced by the Government: READ MORE: Mum explains how you could amass £3,330 this year starting with just 5p  A person will also be eligible if they or their partner are receiving Housing Benefit for people over state pension age. People can check their eligibility for Pension Credit using an online calculator or by calling the Pension Credit helpline on 0800 99 1234. This one-off payment will be going out to eligible Britons over the summer. The Government has yet to announce a qualifying period for the funds, or when it will be paid. Those who receive these benefits will be eligible for the payment: READ MORE: Mum-of-four shares 'good' tool to ‘see the difference’ on family's energy bills This is being added to the yearly Winter Fuel Payment, which is usually paid between November and January. The extra amount will vary between £150 and £300, on top of the £100 to £300 going out to eligible Britons as part of the standard payment. To be eligible for the 2023/24 Winter Fuel Payment, a person must have been born on or before September 25, 1957 and lived in the UK for at least one day during the qualifying week. The qualifying week is usually the last full week in September although this has yet to be confirmed for next Winter. An individual may still get the payment if they live outside the UK, if they moved to an eligible country before January 1, 2021. The eligible countries include: People on certain benefits will receive the money automatically. Those who need to apply for the payment can do so by phone or post if they live in the UK, or by phone if they live abroad.