Kate Middleton said that “talking therapies don’t work for some people” as she interacted with the volunteers at the new Royal Liverpool University Hospital. The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall met the volunteers at the Open Door charity, which offers a programme of creative therapies to support young adults.  Speaking with volunteers at Open Door, the 41-year-old said: “Everyone is talking a lot more about mental health.” Kate went on to note that “talking therapies don’t work for some people” and acknowledged that there had often been “negative connotations” around the subject. She added: “If we get across that there are these more positive spaces and experiences out there, places like this, then we are changing how we talk about it.” Her remarks come after Prince Harry alleged in his book that Prince William feared he had been “brainwashed” by therapy.   The Duke told a US chat show this week that the moment he started doing therapy, it was like he and his family “started speaking a different language”. He claimed: “It just became very, very different. They couldn't understand me.” Meanwhile, the Prince and Princess of Wales were visiting the critical care ward to see the hospital's new facilities as well as meet with staff, who have been working at the hospital during the busy winter period. William and Kate thanked them for their service. READ MORE: Kate smiles and waves at fans as they show support  The new hospital is state-of-the-art and the biggest of its kind in the country. It provides inpatients with 100 percent single en-suite bedrooms, improving patient experience, safety and enhanced recovery. Among the crowds clamouring to greet them was patient Sylvia Staniford, 81, who gripped Prince William’s hand tightly and spoke for many as she said: “Keep going, keep going. Scousers love you.” William smiled at her warmly and replied: “Yes, I will.” With a mischievous smile, Mrs Staniford said afterwards: “Of course, that was a reference to Harry. He knew what I was talking about.” DON'T MISS:Prince Harry slammed as example of 'hypocritical privilege' [SPOTLIGHT]Brits to face more chaos as torrential rain causes flooding [INSIGHT]NHS at 'breaking point' as staff rage at Minister on Question Time [REVEAL] According to HELLO!, as the couple got out of their car as they arrived, someone was heard asking: "Were you hurt by the comments in Harry’s book, Sir?" However, it was not clear whether the Prince of Wales heard and he did not reply. Kensington Palace has declined to comment on the claims in Harry's book. 