With temperatures remaining fairly low, drivers will still want to use heated seats and steering wheels. While it might provide comfort, drivers’ wallets could be negatively affected by the accessories. With that in mind, motorists have been urged to limit the usage of heated seats and steering wheels to save petrol and diesel. John Wilmot, the CEO of car leasing comparison website LeaseLoco, said: “Although the cost of a litre of fuel has dropped from recent highs, millions of UK families are still feeling it in the pocket. "It's worth looking at how we can adapt our driving and how often we drive, to squeeze as much value as possible from that litre of fuel.” Speaking about car accessories, Mr Wilmot told motorists to "take it easy" adding: "If you have a car with heated seats and a heated steering wheel, it's understandable to want to turn them on when you first get in. "But turn them off once you've warmed up, as keeping them on will increase your fuel consumption.” READ MORE: EV owners urged to keep heating low or risk 'battery damage' Mr Wilmot also provided a number of other money-saving tips for drivers. These are... The expert advised drivers to pay for 12 months of car insurance upfront if they can afford it. Mr Wilmot said: "Drivers who spread the cost of their car insurance will pay more than someone who pays upfront because when you pay monthly, you're effectively taking out a loan from the insurer, and paying interest on it. DON'T MISS Drivers should fill fuel tanks to the brim or risk costly damage [WARNING] 10 classic cars becoming tax and MOT exempt in 2023 - including BMW... [INSIGHT] Hybrid cars still have 'many benefits' over electric vehicles [REVEAL]  "The same goes with your road tax - which can be paid annually, monthly or every six months. Paying monthly will work out more expensive over the entire year." Motorists have been advised by the expert that it's worth checking the car to make sure it’s ready for difficult conditions during February. Mr Wilmot added: "Top up your windscreen wash and make sure your tyres have enough tread and are at the correct pressure. READ MORE: New London ULEZ scrappage scheme launches today with huge grants "Doing checks now could prevent an accident further down the road which could prove costly." According to Mr Wilmot, vehicles are at their least efficient when they're cold.  Drivers should therefore avoid driving quickly when they first get in the car, as they’ll be wasting fuel and also wearing out the engine more quickly.  Speaking about de-icing, Mr Wilmot said: "If you find your car is iced over in the morning, use an ice scraper or de-icing spray rather than leaving your car running and relying on the heating to melt the ice. "Also, use a scraper to get ice off the windscreen rather than using the wipers, which will wear them out faster and even risk tearing them."  The current RAC Fuel Watch shows that drivers will have to pay 148.53p per litre of unleaded and 170.29p per litre of diesel on average.