 Alan Carr, 46, joined Amanda Holden, 51, on her radio show Heart Breakfast on Friday morning. The comedian ousted his new co-star, recalling some of their filming antics as he noted: “No one’s really talked about you getting arrested.”   The unlikely duo are starring in a new show, Amanda & Alan’s Italian Job, which sees the pair delving into home renovation work. While promoting the show on the Heart Breakfast show with Amanda and co-host Jamie Theakston, Alan shocked listeners. During the live interview, Alan casually noted that no one had mentioned Amanda’s arrest while filming. A shocked Jamie pressed the pair for more information with a startled: “What?” READ MORE: Ashley Roberts, 41, boasts flawless figure in see-through dress as she flashes underboob  Amanda responded: “Yeah there’s a police incident, you have to watch that! “It was so funny, we were pulled over by the police. “They were pretty mean, ‘til we turned on the charm.” Alan revealed just how much charm they had laid on the officers in Sicily, claiming Amanda “turned into Mae West.”  He recalled what she told the officer: “Hey that’s a lovely buckle on your trousers!’” Amanda clarified that she actually said: “I love your belt buckle!” Alan also revealed the pair had been told to avoid explaining the incident too much. He said: “I’m saying we should mention it, they say 'oh hold it back because it is so funny.'”  The new show was created after Amanda purchased two derelict apartments in Sicily for just €1 (£0.88) each. This practice started in 2019 when a rural Sicilian town, Sambuca, began selling abandoned homes for just €1 in an effort to revive its declining population. In April 2021, the Sicilian town Castiglione di Sicilia followed suit, offering 900 abandoned houses at this low price in order to bring life back to the town on the slopes of Mount Etna. While most of the homes are in rough condition, Amanda is one of many seemingly up for the challenge of renovating a property in the picturesque landscape.  They also hope to sell the properties once the renovations are complete and the proceeds will be donated to UK charities. The series launched on BBC One on Friday, as Amanda and Alan show off their DIY skills and get hands-on in the experience. However, speaking to Express.co.uk shortly before the first episode aired, the pair revealed they may have received more than they bargained for. The Britain’s Got Talent star listed all of their injuries, including sore backs, broken nails, split shorts and countless calluses.