There are two types of stains that can be found on tea cups. The first are just surface stains, which sit on the cup when the tea has been left to go cold, and the cup has not cleaned properly. The second type of tea stain looks worse than the other one but isn’t necessarily caused by poor dishwashing, and it can be particularly prevalent in china cups. This type of tea stain is caused by the surface of the cup getting scratched, probably by a teaspoon over years of use. Once the surface of the china has been scratched, it becomes porous, and the tannin in the tea sticks to it over time and becomes difficult to remove. Fed up of her stained cups, one cleaning enthusiast took to Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page to ask for advice on how to clean them. Susan Frank wrote: “Can anybody tell me how I get brown tea marks off my tea cups without bleach?” The longer the stain stays on the cup, the bigger it gets and the more unsightly it looks. Even the dishwasher fails to remove the tea stain from your best cups most of the time. So what can be done to keep cups visitor-ready? READ MORE: Kitchen item that ‘works like magic’ to remove yellow duvet stains According to many Mrs Hinch fans just one denture tablet left in a cup of water does the trick. Jane Wilmer said: “I add boiling water to the cup and a denture tablet. It always gets the stains out for me.” Julie Heaton commented: “Defo denture tablets. Brings it off in no time. Add water to the base and leave it for a few minutes. Job done." Emma Murphy wrote: “I always use a denture tablet if I have any stained tea cups as they work miracles. It’s great on teapots too as it just dissolves the stains without the need of bleaching or scrubbing them.” DON'T MISS‘Easy’ DIY steps to fix a 'cold-bottom' radiator ‘yourself’ [EXPERT]‘Very effective' 70p kitchen item to ‘kill’ houseplant white mould [TIPS]Mould will ‘vanish’ from bathroom sealant and grout with 95p spray [COMMENT] Jane Grimshaw advised: “Denture tablets, soak for a while, then wash them as normal.” Fran Foster suggested: “Soak overnight in a denture cleansing mixture (make up to a litre with one tablet), and can be saved in a bottle for the next time.” Mitzi Andrews replied: “I bought some of those tablets that people use to soak their dentures overnight. It worked really well.” Shirley Bourton said: “Use denture cleaning tablets. Fill cups with boiling waterside and use one to half of a tablet for each cup.” READ MORE: ‘Fastest solutions’ to fix a toilet that ‘won’t flush’ Teresa Mcclelland commented: “Steradent tablet (a brand of denture tablet) in water and I usually put my teaspoons in too.” Teri Coleman added: “Add Steradent or any false teeth cleaner in a bowl with boiling water and leave to soak.” Just like stains on teeth, denture cleaning tablets can also remove tea or coffee stains from cups. Denture tablets can be picked up from Asda for as little as 79p. This works out as 3p per tablet. Other supermarkets sell them for around the same price as they cost 80p from Tesco and 90p from Sainsbury’s. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested that baking soda works equally as well and doesn’t require scrubbing. Patty Hayes Alberalla said: “Baking soda and boiling water - let it sit until it stops bubbling.” Jane Robinson wrote: “Bicarbonate of soda or citric acid powder and hot water, leave for 30 minutes and then rinse” Andrea Butler added: “Hot water and a small amount of baking soda. Leave to soak for a while and job done.”