Lawrence “Larry” Ray, 63, was sentenced on Friday to 60 years in prison for grooming his daughter’s ex-college roommates into forced labour and prostitution. The judge said Ray used sadism and psychological torture to control every aspect of his victims' lives. “He had the evil genius to take people who were young, not minors, and he broke them ... and then he used them for his evil needs,” Judge Lewis J. Liman said. Ray was convicted at trial last April of charges including racketeering, conspiracy, forced labour and sex trafficking. During Ray’s four-week Manhattan federal court trial – during which he had several medical episodes – prosecutors laid out a disturbing chronology of events that began when he moved into his daughter’s on-campus dorm at the prestigious Sarah Lawrence college in New York in 2010 after he was released from prison in an unrelated case. Ray engaged in “therapy” sessions with some of her roommates under the false pretence of helping them navigate psychological issues. He cast himself as a “father figure”, and several of the roommates moved into an apartment in Manhattan’s Upper East Side neighborhood the following summer. READ MORE: Horror as body of missing mum, 43, found wrapped in plastic in shallow grave  The one-bedroom flat became the setting for his sick games, they said in their indictment against him. The judge said Ray charmed his victims with his “exaggerated sense of self” and his intelligence before “robbing them of their relationships, self worth, memories and then their bodies” after convincing them they had poisoned him and owed him for it. “Through psychological terror and manipulation, he convinced them what they knew to be true was in fact false,” Liman said. “He beat his victims. He tortured them and at times he starved them. He degraded them sexually to the point where they lost any self worth.” Once his vulnerable victims were diminished, Ray extorted them, forced them to engage in labour and sex trafficked one woman, Judge Liman said. DON'T MISSTikTok star's death sparks warning [LATEST]Alec Baldwin threatened with max sentence [REPORT]US default risk threatens worldwide recession [INSIGHT] In a statement read aloud at sentencing Friday by a lawyer, one woman said she had been subjected to “unremitting sadistic torture” by a man who offered a “twisted, empty and broken version of life”. The woman continued: “Experiences I had while being sex trafficked haunt me today." She said Ray had forced “us to hold his evil for him. ... Each time we tried to put it down, he brutalized us.” One victim who spoke said he was living a happy, exciting life as a college sophomore when he met Ray “and all of that went up in smoke”. READ MORE: Man stuns rescue team as he is found alive after two days 'at bottom of the sea'  The friend of one victim, Claudia Drury, read a statement that described the "unremitting sadistic torture" she had endured. "Larry forced me to abject desperation," the statement said, describing Ray as a "malevolent, deceitful shadow of a man" who forced her into prostitution, beat her, extorted and threatened her. "It was as if he was experimenting on our very souls". Drury's statement described one instance in which Ray "stripped me naked, bound me to a chair and suffocated me with a plastic bag over and over again until I begged for my life". Another victim, Daniel Levin, said Ray tortured him and his friends and told the judge how Ray brandished a knife over him while instructing another to line the bathtub with plastic to catch the blood; how Ray forced him to choke down a dildo; how Ray hit him with a sledgehammer while pulling his tongue with pliers. Given a chance to speak, Ray expressed no remorse but decried his prison conditions and physical ailments. “Being in jail has been horrible,” he said, noting that his father and both step-parents recently died in the same week. Defense attorney Marne Lenox argued against a life term, saying the 15-year mandatory minimum was sufficient, particularly because Ray has experienced harsh conditions while in federal jails. She said her client still believes he's innocent and that his victims poisoned him.