During Manchester United's defeat to Arsenal on Sunday, Erik ten Hag cut a frustrated figure on the sidelines. And he seemed particularly unhappy with David De Gea and Luke Shaw, regularly shouting at the pair from the touchline. It was a reality check for the Red Devils, who have now lost their first Premier League game since November. Manchester United had gone into their game with Arsenal hoping to bounce back after a 1-1 draw against Crystal Palace in midweek. And they got off to the perfect start when Marcus Rashford fired them ahead from the edge of the box, with the England international clocking up his 17th goal of the campaign in the process. Arsenal turned the game around courtesy of goals from Eddie Nketiah and Bukayo Saka. And United appeared to have earned a hard-fought draw when Lisandro Martinez headed home to spark wild celebrations in the away end. However, Arsenal weren't to be denied and emerged victorious courtesy of a late goal from Nketiah - with fans sent into a frenzy in the direct aftermath. Express Sport was in attendance to watch the game in north London. And Ten Hag was visibly annoyed at both Shaw and De Gea during the contest, regularly shouting at the pair as the game went on. Shaw was given the hard task of nuliffying the threat of Saka and the Arsenal star gave him the runaround, using his searing speed to cause issues at the back. Ten Hag sensed the left-back was struggling and barked orders at the former Southampton star, who seemed to take them on board. The United boss was left enraged when Saka managed to get past him at one point in the first half, however, despite sending his instructions. And Shaw was a weak link for United on the day, with Arsenal exploiting his area of the field as they battled their way to victory. De Gea's kicking incurred the wrath of Ten Hag, too, with the Spain international looking uncharacteristically nervy on the day. The 32-year-old, whose long-term future at the club is up in the air, would regularly go long in an attempt to find Wout Weghorst. Ten Hag would often look to the heavens and wave his arms in fury, however, with the United boss preferring his side to play out from the back instead. It's an open secret that United have worked with De Gea to improve the stalwart when he's got the ball at his feet. Yet further sessions on the training ground seem to be required and United are thought to be looking for a shot-stopper who can play a bit, too. Speaking afer the game, meanwhile, Ten Hag admitted he thought it was a 'great game' - but was unhappy with the way his team defended. "It was a great game, a lot of tempo and the audience is the big winner," he stated. "Two top teams but of course we are disappointed when you lose this game in the late stage. All the goals we conceded today are mistakes, it can't happen. "Even last week we were so hard to beat in such situations, today we were not. All three goals we could have avoided. "They [Arsenal] are very good on the ball but we are a good defending team. There were not a lot of open chances. "We made mistakes which we can't make. This game was decided by small details but also the decision making, that is hard to accept and we have to learn." And he added: "I want to win. It is not good enough, we want to be the number one but make mistakes, that is clear and what I told them."