Manchester United and Chelsea are set to battle it out for Bayern Munich star Marcel Sabitzer as both clubs face a race against the transfer deadline to complete a prospective deal. According to reports in Germany, the Premier League duo enquired about the Austria international's availability, with both teams facing issues in their midfield to fix, but United are set to win the race after putting together a swift deal.  The 28-year-old is set to join the Red Devils in a surprise move after they made an enquiry to the Bundesliga champions on Tuesday. The Austrian attacking midfielder did not train with the Bayern squad ahead of his move and now looks set to become the club's third signing of the window after making it clear he wants to leave, according to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano. It comes after United head coach Erik ten Hag was dealt a huge blow with Christian Eriksen ruled out until April at the earliest following a robust challenge from Andy Carroll in the 3-1 win over Reading on Saturday. The Dane's injury had left Ten Hag short of midfield options and the 52-year-old appears to have fixed the issue, with Bild reporting the deal is 'on the verge' of completion. READ MORE: Man Utd 'ones to watch on Tielemans transfer' as late drama awaits  Only hours prior to the news breaking of Sabitzer's impending move, Ten Hag insisted he would not sign a replacement for Eriksen to deputise for the midfielder. "On deadline day, it's difficult," the United boss said. "You can't make policy on such bad injuries, but we have players in the midfield department - good players - who can fill the gap." It was believed that youngsters such as Fred, Scott McTominay and Zidane Iqbal could step in while Eriksen is sidelined. That was until it emerged United had been scrambling to find cover and were offered the chance to sign Atletico Madrid winger Yannick Carrasco. However, it is claimed Ten Hag was 'not keen' on the Belgian and wanted Sabitzer instead. DON'T MISSMan Utd transfer news as deal agreed and De Jong talks heldMaguire 'running out of patience' at Man Utd and preparing exit planMan Utd 'fearful over Eriksen injury' with Ten Hag ready for signing  But the chance to bring in Sabitzer, which is likely to be a straight loan agreement similar to the one that saw Wout Weghorst arrive from Burnley earlier this month, would suit all parties. Sabitzer has been used as a rotational option after following Julian Nagelsmann to the Allianz Arena, making 15 apppearances in the Bundesliga but starting only seven games, with Leon Goretzka and Joshua Kimmich generally preferred in the double pivot. And it appears Bayern are happy to let him leave after adding to their squad with the signing of Joao Cancelo from Manchester City, with Sabitzer's time in Munich somewhat underwhelming with only two goal contributions so far. 