The death of Lisa Marie Presley was sadly announced overnight by her mother, Priscilla Presley. The only child of Elvis Presley was survived by three children. The 54-year-old was not married at the time but had previously been married twice. Once to Michael Jackson was an established star by the time he married Lisa Marie. She, on the other hand, was known as being the daughter of The King. Lisa Marie already had one marriage under her belt and two children, but she was still fairly young when the pair married.  Michael was just 16-years-old when he met Lisa Marie, while she was only six-years-old - according to Randy J Taraborelli’s book Michael Jackson: The Magic and the Madness. Elvis Presley, Lisa Marie’s very famous father, took his daughter to meet the Jackson 5, who were hugely famous at that time. This friendship reportedly lasted a long time, and they kept in touch, though this became an ‘adult friendship,’ according to Lisa Marie’s friend John Coale, from November 1992. Before long, Michael proposed to the King's daughter. Michael proposed to Lisa Marie in late 1993, and the couple married in May 1994, just 20 days after Lisa Marie and her previous husband Danny Keough divorced. This would have made Michael 35-years-old at the time of their wedding, and Lisa Marie just 26-years-old when they got married in a fairly low-key ceremony.  READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley's heartbreaking final words to Elvis Presley  Few people in the public eye knew of their relationship, and their wedding took place almost secretly, with Lisa Marie announcing it to the press some time afterwards. She said: “My married name is Mrs Lisa Marie Presley-Jackson. My marriage to Michael Jackson took place in a private ceremony outside the United States (11) weeks ago. It was not formally announced until now for several reasons; foremost being that we are both very private people living in the glare of the public media. We both wanted a private marriage ceremony without the distraction of a media circus. I am very much in love with Michael, I dedicate my life to being his wife.  Lisa Marie added: "I understand and support him. We both look forward to raising a family and living happy, healthy lives together. We hope friends and fans will understand and respect our privacy." Priscilla, Lisa Marie’s mother, had no idea about the union until she saw it on the news weeks later, but only knew Michael had asked Priscilla whether he could spend time with her daughter. She said: “I didn’t know him. That kind of passed and he got hold of her somehow through a mutual friend… she went off and got married and I didn’t even know they got married." DON'T MISS   Priscilla recalled: "I was at home in the morning and it came on the news. Someone came in and said, ’Lisa got married’ and I said: ‘No she didn’t, she wouldn’t do that to me.’” Priscilla had reservations about the couple, worrying Lisa was too much like her own ex-husband, Elvis. She said: “Lisa knew I wasn’t happy about her marrying Michael Jackson. We had issues over it because of my experience of marrying somebody with that same iconic status and in a strange way maybe history was repeating itself. It’s true she grew up in Graceland and then lived with Michael Jackson in Neverland and Michael was like a child and just wanted to have fun all the time. How do you not gravitate to that? But it’s not the real world.” In the end, Priscilla was proved right and Lisa Marie and Michael separated 20 months later and divorced in 1996. 