Prince Andrew has reportedly been booted out of the posh Buckingham Palace apartment on the directives of King Charles. The disgraced Duke of York “was told he can no longer use his suite of rooms” and will need to find other accommodation if he wishes to sleep in London. He has already been forced to close the office there, and all his treasured possessions have been moved out while the renovation takes place. A source told The Sun: “The King has made it clear that Buckingham Palace is no place for Prince Andrew. “First his office closed last year and now his sleeping quarters. Andrew loved having a suite at Buckingham Palace where he not only set up for marital life with Sarah Ferguson but used it as a bachelor’s pad after his divorce. “He brought back a string of new girlfriends to his home in the Palace - even model Caprice. A bachelor’s flat in St James’s Palace doesn’t have the same allure for a single man.” The Palace is undergoing a £369million rebuilding project over 10 years, which includes gutting and renovating Andrew’s suite, known as the Chamber Floor. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan will be 'on the outs for decades' by royalsREAD MORE: Zara Tindall's ruthless put-down to Harry at Eugenie's wedding   The Sun revealed on Christmas Eve that he was forced to close his Palace office and told not to use it as an address. The news report further claimed that discussions are underway to find him accommodation in London, possibly St James’s Palace. Andrew is expected to keep his 31-room Royal Lodge in Windsor, where he lives with ex-wife Sarah Ferguson and was photographed driving there yesterday. Meanwhile, it has been reported that Prince Andrew has claimed to friends that a “mystery development” will restore his disgraced reputation within the coming months. A source told The Sun: “He says details are about to be made public which will change people’s perceptions of him. He says that it will happen next month.” DON'T MISS:Tory MP claims ‘massive arms factory’ must be built in Poland  [REVEAL]GB news guest backs Boris to lead Tory party as he criticises Sunak [SPOTLIGHT]Queen Sonja of Norway set to unveil new exhibition in Oslo [INSIGHT] It comes nearly a year after Andrew’s £12million payout to Virginia Giuffre, whose claims of sexual abuse left his reputation in tatters. It comes nearly a year after Andrew’s £12million payout to Virginia Giuffre, whose claims of sexual abuse left his reputation in tatters. Prince Andrew was stripped of his military roles and royal patronages amid links to the disgraced paedophile Jeffrey Epstein last January. He later agreed a huge payout to settle a US lawsuit brought against him by Ms Giuffre. Renovation work at Buckingham Palace is expected to be finished in 2027. Express.co.uk has reached out to Buckingham Palace for a comment. 