Lisa Marie Presley, the only child of 1950s musical legend Elvis Presley, is said to have been hospitalised today due to a cardiac arrest. The 54-year-old reportedly received CPR from paramedics at her home in Calabasas before being taken to hospital in an ambulance. US-based website TMZ was advised that paramedics were able to regain a pulse before transporting her to the hospital. However, Lisa's current condition is unknown. Just two nights earlier, the star had been at the Golden Globe Awards with her mother, where actor Austin Butler won a gong for his portrayal of her father in the film Elvis. READ NOW: Denise Welch named ‘abusive bully’ by Piers Morgan's son in Meghan row On Tuesday, Lisa and her mum Priscilla, 77, had been in floods of tears after witnessing Austin Butler's poignant portrayal of Elvis. The Presleys are said to have become close to the actor while he made the film about her dad's life, which was directed by Baz Luhrmann. At the prestigious Golden Globes event, he won Best Actor in a Motion Picture Drama for his portrayal of Elvis. During his acceptance speech, when he said: "I love you forever", both Lisa and Priscilla were seen breaking down in tears. The pair were visibly emotional at the event, which was held in the Hilton hotel in Beverly Hills, California. At one point, Lisa placed both hands over her mouth as she watched Austin onstage. "I want to thank our incredible producers and Warner Bros and the Presley family," he'd declared. "Thank you guys, thank you for opening your hearts, your memories, your home to me." DON'T MISS... Johnny Depp ‘totally devastated’ after friend Jeff Beck suddenly dies [TRIBUTE] Prince Harry fails to mention 15 celebrity pals in Spare snub [LATEST] Madonna looks ageless during family's moonlit dance on African safari [PHOTOS]    Then he added poignantly: "Lisa Marie, Priscilla, I love you forever!", prompting a tearful reaction from Elvis' only daughter. Austin had continued: "I owe this [award] to a bold, visionary filmmaker who allowed me the experience to take risks and I always knew I would be supported. "I love you, Baz Luhrmann, thank you for believing in me in those moments that I didn't even believe in myself!" He then described Elvis himself as "an icon" and "a rebel", vowing he would "never forget" him. More to follow...  Lisa, a singer-songwriter herself who has followed in the footsteps of her famous father, is no stranger to the showbiz scene. She famously appeared in the 1995 Michael Jackson video You Are Not Alone, after the pair had married, and has also won awards for her charitable endeavours. There has been no update on Lisa Marie's current condition. Express.co.uk has contacted her representatives for comment.