Brenda Edwards, 53, has reflected on the death of her son, Jamal Edwards, after he died suddenly last year. The Loose Women star said it “hurts like it was yesterday” thinking about the SBTV founder, who was close friends with Ed Sheeran. On her Instagram, she shared a video of pop star Ed singing a song dedicated to his late pal, Jamal. She typed: “Can’t believe it’s almost a year since my baby Jamal went to be with Mum and Dad. "It still hurts like it was yesterday and I know that pain will never leave me, but still, I rise. “Thank you @teddysphotos for always being there for my baby and me and @tanisha.arts_ and the @sbtvonline family. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson 'caved into the woke' as critic slams Meghan apology “You know you and your beautiful family will always have my heart and we will continue to make Jamal's legacy shine bright,” she added. In the comment section, her fans shared their love and best wishes. kels800 commented: "What a beautiful tribute to Jamal and his legacy this will be. " suenicholson151 said: "Sending so much love to you and Tasha." herbieanthony_7g added: “How beautiful blessings forever.”(sic) It comes as during a heartbreaking moment from Loose Women, Brenda was left in tears as she rehearsed for the Christmas Eve special, Britain Get Singing, alongside her co-stars Coleen Nolan, Denise Welch and Linda Robson. The presenter was overcome with grief after she performed a song that reminded her of Jamal. Prior to airing a short clip, Kaye Adams, who was charged with helming the Loose Women panel, told viewers: "We have got an exclusive clip of Linda in rehearsal and for our Brenda, it got a bit emotional." Panning to a video of the Loose Women quartet as they practised a song, Brenda could be heard saying: "All of my family, they sing it in church so it's very poignant to me," before breaking down in tears. She later explained, "It got me a little bit upset because my son passed away earlier in the year and at the moment everything is a trigger. "I'm doing this in honour and in memory of my son, Jamal." "I've had a tough year and talking to the ladies was very comforting," added Brenda. "I am really grateful that I've had them as that unit around me." After the clip concluded to roaring applause and support from the audience. Kaye then said: "Well we're very lucky to have Brenda."