Many Britons are finding ways to cut everyday costs, but people should do what they can to ensure they maintain the value of their car, in the event of them wanting to sell. One expert, Dan Whittaker, from Little-Loans.com, has shared the most common ways car owners can devalue their vehicle, especially during the chilly weather in January, and short but smart ways to avoid this. A vehicle that looks unclean and unkempt would be a huge turn-off for many drivers looking to invest in a new car. People looking to sell should routinely clean the interior and wash the exterior of the car to prolong its lifespan and its value. Washing the exterior will protect the paint and reduce the chance of heavy rusting. Rust stains can cause serious damage by corroding the car’s coating and can end up causing a serious risk to the internal properties of the car (like the chassis and wheel wells). READ MORE: The most reliable cars on the market - BMW, Tesla, Toyota and more During the cold, winter months, ensuring the car is defrosted safely can really help the longevity of the car. Dan Whittaker added: “Many drivers will likely want to avoid this laborious task and aim to quickly head out in the car by using a windshield scraper, but this could be a harmful shortcut. Using items such as metal scrapers, a spatula or even the convenience of your car keys can create scratches on the glass or framework, causing the car to rapidly drop in its value. “Similarly, using hot water from the kettle straight on your windscreen can cause the glass to crack. Instead, using a properly sealed bag of warm water across the windscreen slowly melts the frost and ice without impacting the glass beneath.” DON'T MISSCar clocking 'isn’t disappearing any time soon' as drivers warned [WARNING]Drivers urged to use sandwich bag to clear windscreen frost in seconds [HELPFUL]Supermarket petrol and diesel price wars leaving drivers ‘livid’ [SHOCKING] It’s a common misconception that avoiding using the car heaters is a cost-effective choice because driving with a cold engine can severely damage the combustion. When the car heats up, the fuel vaporises and the car begins to run much smoother. So all in all, it’s more worthwhile for drivers to heat up the car because, in the long term, this can eventually help improve the fuel economy and its performance, reducing any unnecessary trips to the repair shop. READ MORE: London ULEZ expansion could see tradespeople charged £3,000 a year As well as being dangerous to the driver and other motorists, poor driving habits can impact the condition of a car. Careless driving creates scuffs, marks and dents to the car’s exterior and can affect the car’s value by reducing its general appearance to future buyers. For example, driving fast over potholes can destroy the wheels and will be expensive to replace and/or repair, especially if not dealt with immediately after the incident. Mr Whittaker concluded: “Britain’s notorious cold weather can be bad news for the longevity of your car. “Engine coolant, or colloquially known as ‘antifreeze’ is a great, reasonably priced, liquid to help the engine not freeze over during extremely cold weather. “When used, it regulates the internal temperature, prevents corrosion, protects the engine so that it runs smoothly and will overall prevent breakdowns and those dreaded expensive car repair costs.”