Love Island is back for its second-ever winter edition and already, there has been plenty of drama. Make-up artist Lana Jenkins is one of the original girls to enter the South African villa in the hope of finding love on the ITV2 dating show. Here's all there is to know about Lana Jenkins, including some of her past romances. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Love Island.Lana Jenkins, 25, is a make-up artist from Luton who has worked with stars, including actress Michelle Keegan. She first got a feel for the world of entertainment though when she was six years old. Lana and her family lived in Spain and featured in an episode of the ITV comedy Benidorm as an extra. Years later and now she's on TV almost every night of the week on Love Island, trying to find someone who could be her perfect match. READ MORE: My 600lb Life's Erica Wall looks unrecognisable in swimsuit snap Before entering the villa, Lana revealed that her ex-boyfriend is none other than Hollyoaks actor Owen Warner. The 23-year-old who plays Romeo Nightingale in the Channel 4 soap also starred in last year's I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! He just missed out on being named King of the Jungle as he was the runner-up to England footballer Jill Scott. Their romance happened at the height of the coronavirus pandemic in 2020 but their pair are still on good terms. She said: “We ended amicably, so I have nothing bad to say in terms of our relationship and the time that we spent together. “I watched the final [of I'm A Celeb] and that was it because, obviously he got to the final, so that was amazing, and I thought I’d watch it out of support. “But I just thought it’s a bit weird to watch your ex for an hour on telly every evening, so I didn’t bother. “But I did send him a message when he got out and was like, ‘Well done. That’s amazing that you came runner-up.’ So it was nice.” DON'T MISS...Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star [TRIBUTE]Love Island fans left divided after explosive Oliva and Zara row  [REACTION]Love Island's Maya Jama lookalike mum is mistaken for sister [CAST] Lana shared her past romance on Love Island during a game of Never Have I Ever. When they were asked if any of them had been with a celebrity, she drank, confirming she had been in a relationship with someone in the public eye before. She later told Ron, who she has been interested in from the start, that it was the Hollyoaks star. Reacting to the news he said: "So basically I’m competing with someone who’s just come runner-up on a massive show and who’s an actor and I work in finance, yeah, erm, sick." He added in the Beach Hut later on: "That was a shock, I don’t really know what to think about it...” Ron and Lana were initially paired up with one another and happy getting to know one another. This is until the first recoupling when fellow contestant Tanyel decided to pick Ron before Lana could have the chance to. The make-up artist is now matched with farmer Will but hopes she'll still be able to pursue her flirtationship with Ron. Love Island continues Sunday to Friday at 9pm on ITV2.