A mannequin wearing a Vinicius Junior strip has been hung from a bridge in Madrid ahead of tonight’s derby between Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid. The Brazilian was subject to racist abuse in the last match between the clubs in September with Los Blancos running out 2-1 but the teams will go face to face again in the quarter-finals of the Copa del Rey. Vinicius has been one of Real’s most important players this season, scoring 11 goals in all competitions with the club sitting second in the La Liga table. He scored the opening goal in the fixture against Atletico earlier in the season however many of the headlines surrounding the game focused on the racial abuse he had received before and after the match. Footage from outside the Wanda Metropolitano showed fans chanting “Vinicius is a monkey” ahead of kick-off. There were also further monkey chants after the 22-year-old touched the ball for the first time. He has now been the subject of more abuse ahead of the Madrid derby in the Copa del Rey later today. Images have emerged of a mannequin wearing a Vinicius shirt hung from the neck at a Madrid road bridge. A red and white banner was above the hanging mannequin. It read: “Madrid hates Real”. "Such acts are absolutely repugnant and inadmissible and shame society," said Atletico in a statement released to AFP. "Our condemnation of any act that attacks the dignity of persons or institutions is categorical and unreserved." Real Madrid have also been approached by Express Sport for comment. Vinicius has previously been scathing about La Liga’s approach to dealing with racism after being subject to racial abuse on multiple occasions this season. He hit out at the division after being targeted by Real Valladolid fans last month in Real’s first game after the World Cup hiatus. “Racists continue to go to stadiums and watch the biggest club in the world up close and La Liga continues to do nothing,” Vinicius wrote on Twitter. “I will continue with my head held high and celebrating my victories and those of Madrid.” The comments drew a direct response from La Liga president Javier Tebas who labelled the suggestions as ‘unfair and not true’ as he posted a link to an official statement highlighting the steps the league have been taking.    “At La Liga, I’ve been fighting racism for years,” Tebas wrote. “@vinijr it is unfair and untrue to publish that ‘@laliga does nothing about racism’. We are at your disposal so that together, we can walk in the same direction.” The statement read: “La Liga has detected racist insults from someone [in] the stands of the Zorrilla stadium, published on social networks. These events will be reported to the Anti-Violence Commission and the Hate Crimes Prosecutor’s Office, as has been done on other occasions.” The Madrid derby will get underway at 8pm tonight as both clubs seek to reach the Copa del Rey semi-finals. 