Prince Harry super fans were out in full force this morning with those most eager waiting for hours outside book shops, which had extended their opening hours, to get fresh copies of his bombshell book Spare. In the face of a whirlwind of allegations aimed at the Firm, queues of eager readers gathered to get their hands on a copy on the day of Spare's worldwide release. Many will have paid a pretty price, with Spare retailing at around £28, but with some retailers offering half price on early editions. One of the earliest to pick up a fresh copy was Professor Christopher Imafidon who was among the first of the general public to pick up a copy from WHSmith Victoria Station which had remained open to cope with predicted demand. Even before publication, the book caused a stir after early publication of the novella in Spain. READ MORE: Prince George will have to deal with Harry revelations - COMMENT Among the claims made by Prince Harry are that he was attacked by Prince William in the early stages of his relationship with Meghan Markle. The Duke has also alleged that Camilla campaigned to become Queen Consort and briefed against him in the press. Ahead of his memoir being published, Harry gave several TV interviews, including to ITV's Tom Bradbury. When asked if he had been scathing about both his stepmother and the press, he said: "Scathing? There's nopart of any of the things that I've said are scathing towads any member of my family, especially not my stepmother. "There are things that have happened that have been incredibly hurtful, somein the past, some current."     Included in amongst his other allegations are those that members of the royal family had got "in the bed with the devil". He said: "Those certain members have decided to get in the bed with the devil, right? To rehabilitate their image. "If you need to do that, or you want to do that, you choose to do that - well, that is a choice. "That's up to you. But the moment that rehabilitation comes at the detriment of others - me, other members of my family - then that's where I draw the line." Harry's relationship with the press has been a theme throughout his time as a royal.  As well as accusing some members of his family of getting "into bed with the devil", he said attacks on he and his wife had an impact on their day to day life. He said that soon after he began his relationship with Meghan: "Very quickly it became Meghan versus Kate" on how the relationship between his wife and sister-in-law was presented. Since coming together, he said both couples had been under intense scrutiny and comparison, with some commmentators looking unfavourably on Meghan. These attacks, and the environment inside the royal family are, says Harry, part of what have contributed to his departure.