An expert has warned drivers to be "cautious" when defrosting their windscreens this winter as some hacks may lead to damage. Dorry Potter, an expert at National Scrap Car, specifically advised drivers to be careful when using a defrosting hack that involves boiling water and a plastic bag. Ms Potter said: "A hack that circulates every year is using warm water in a zip lock bag and rubbing it on the windscreen. "Motorists are advised to be cautious when applying anything heated to their windscreen as the dramatic change in temperature can cause small cracks to appear in the glass which can cause the screen to shatter when another bout of frost arrives. "Drivers should never use boiling water either. Similarly, homemade concoctions should be used with care too. "Using items such as a potato or onion to clear frost could leave smears or a residue on the screen which in turn could reduce the driver’s visibility, making it just as dangerous as frost to drive. It may be more sensible to stick with a deicing spray instead."  READ MORE: Majority of Brits expect to always own a car despite warning Ms Potter also provided drivers with hacks that are unlikely to cause any damage. She said: "As temperatures drop the stress of heading out on time due to a frosty car is soon approaching, so it is important for motorists to make sure they are prepared ahead of time. "One of the best 'hacks' for defrosting windscreens is to prevent the frost from forming on it in the first place. "Using a windscreen cover will protect the windscreen from frost meaning that there is no need for scraping first thing. DON'T MISS Growing dissent from car manufacturers could derail EV plans [INSIGHT] Motorists can save petrol and diesel by parking cars in warmer places [REVEAL] Engine oil mistake may lead to 'staggering' petrol and diesel costs [WARNING] "Simply place the cover on the windscreen in the evening and remove before heading off in the morning. "Cardboard, an old towel or sheet can also work but risk being moved by wind, wet weather or just not being held in place properly. "Something that could also help is making sure your car is parked out of the shade and ideally facing the East, this means that when the sun rises in the morning it will begin to naturally defrost your car. "Of course, this is only useful for those that don’t commute super early before the sun has a chance to rise." READ MORE: Slow charging an electric car can be more expensive than petrol Experts at LeaseCar.uk added to Ms Potter's claim saying: “Trying to scrape the windscreen of a vehicle on a cold and frosty morning can be a huge inconvenience especially before setting off to work or school. “Every year it is almost guaranteed that drivers will use their credit card or an old CD to clear the snow from their cars, but this can cause lasting damage to a vehicle. “Making sure the windscreen is covered with tarp or some sort of sheet can help to ease the ice build up. "And there are a number of homemade solutions that can be made that act as a great alternative to de-icer.”  Frost and ice build-up is caused when water vapour in the air is cooled and because windscreens and windows are made of glass, they tend to freeze over much more quickly than any other parts of vehicles. This is because a glass window releases heat faster than plastic or metal. The Highway Code clearly states that windows and windscreens must be kept clean and free of obstructions to vision – breaking this rule could result in a fine and points on your licence. As a result, British motorists are being encouraged to utilise windshield covers and garages where possible and to also be resourceful and use home products to create a DIY de-icer. 