Manchester United could make an offer to sign Raphinha from Barcelona on transfer deadline day, according to reports. The Brazil international has struggled at the Nou Camp ever since his summer arrival from Leeds. However, the Red Devils will need to act quickly to secure his services with the clock ticking down. Erik ten Hag recently confirmed United would ‘go for it’ should the right opportunity arise ahead of today’s transfer deadline. "In the coming days, should we have an opportunity, I would go for it but it's not only up to me,” he said. “I think that always has to be the approach at this club. “Every day you have to get better so if there are opportunities to get better then you have to strike, that's my approach. “I’m looking, doing research, I have an idea and have profiles to strengthen the squad." Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big And The Mirror say United could swoop for Raphinha, in what would certainly be a bolt from the blue on transfer deadline day. Big things were expected of the forward when he moved to Barcelona from Leeds back in the summer. Yet he’s struggled for consistency in recent times, leading to talk of a potential departure. Arsenal were, at one point, mulling over whether to pursue Raphinha - despite missing out on him back in the summer. The Gunners considered a bid following their failure to acquire Mykhaylo Mudryk, who has since proceeded to join Chelsea instead. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Yet the report says that with Barcelona looking to raise funds towards a possible deal for Manchester City’s Ilkay Gundogan, Raphinha may end up at United. Ten Hag’s side are well-stocked for wingers at the current moment in time. Marcus Rashford has been in outstanding form all season, with the England international bagging 18 goals across all competitions. Alejandro Garnacho is the talk of Old Trafford at present, with the youngster growing in prominence with each passing week. And United also have Antony, Jadon Sancho, Facundo Pellistri and Anthony Elanga as options, too. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here As things stand, however, it’s still far likelier Raphinha will end up staying at Barcelona. The Catalan giants are set to be without Ousmane Dembele for the foreseeable future, giving their summer signing a chance to finally make his mark as a result. Speaking back in the summer, meanwhile, Paul Parker called on United to land Raphinha and expressed a belief the winger would be a shrewd signing for his old club. "Now, he’s (Raphinha) not a centre-forward, he’s a wide player, he’s creative. He plays off the cuff, he improvises,” he said. "So, I would say that he’s everything that Manchester United are about. When you look at Manchester United wide players, none of them have really done a lot. "Only one player has really made an impact as a wide player, but he is inexperienced and he needs to be working with better quality players, more honest players, more professional senior pros, and that’s (Anthony) Elanga. Sancho showed glimpses. "Rashford, let’s leave Rashford out of this. They haven’t had anything from someone from a wide area who’s gonna be frightening in the forward position. "So, yes I have to say that he (Raphinha) would be a very good signing and the fact that he’s playing in the Premier League is a fact that makes even more sense. They haven’t got to worry about integration. "So, common sense says, if he’s available, when you talk money I think he’s like £35 million. “I would say he would be a very, very good signing for Manchester United."