Chelsea co-owner Todd Boehly may have to fork out a whopping £13.5million to get rid of outcast midfielder Tiemoue Bakayoko, although the Blues are reportedly prepared to do just that with reports claiming that the one-time £40m recruit is closing in on a move to Adana Demirspor. Bakayoko was a top prospect when he arrived at Stamford Bridge all the way back in 2017, having been part of the same Monaco team as Kylian Mbappe and Bernardo Silva that took the Champions League by storm. After one season of regular Premier League football, Chelsea decided that they had seen enough and sent him on loan to AC Milan. A messy few years saw him embark on three further loan spells to former club Monaco, Napoli and back to Milan but his latest temporary stint away from west London has gone horribly wrong. Bakayoko headed to the San Siro in 2021 on a two-year loan deal with an obligation to buy for £13m if he made more than 15 Serie A appearances. Not coincidentally, the once-capped France international is stuck on 14 with the Rossoneri not keen to exercise their permanent clause. JUST IN: Man Utd dealt major Arsenal blow in last-gasp Crystal Palace draw The 28-year-old therefore hasn't played a competitive match since May last year but Milan and Chelsea have supposedly put their heads together to try and figure out a solution. According to Calciomercato, Turkish outfit Adana Demirspor are primed to convince Bakayoko with Milan prepared to cut the loan deal short and the Blues 'ready' to release him. Doing so won't come cheap for Boehly, however, as Bakayoko is under contract at Stamford Bridge for another 18 months on reported wages of £120,000 per week. Paying off his deal over a year early would therefore set Chelsea back a whopping £13.5m. DON'T MISS...Arsenal alerted to 'next Gilberto Silva' as Arteta seeks out revengeMan Utd player ratings - Wan-Bissaka stands out despite Palace drawJohn Yems told Muslim players 'your people blow up stuff with vests'  Boehly will need no reminding that such a fee represents a painful amount for a forgotten star who has not played a competitive game for the Blues in almost five years. Adana Demirspor is home to a number of recognisable names including Benjamin Stambouli, Gokhan Inler, Younes Belhanda and Britt Assombalonga. It was also home to former Manchester City maverick Mario Balotelli until the summer, with the Italian bagging 18 league goals last term. Adana currently sit fourth in the Turkish Super Lig and Bakayoko's midfield presence could boost their fortunes, providing he can promptly return to match fitness after so long on the sidelines.  Prospects of the 6ft 2in midfield destroyer returning to Chelsea always appeared slim with manager Graham Potter spoilt for choice in the middle of the park. Veterans such as Jorginho and N'Golo Kante have made it tough for some of the younger contingent at Stamford Bridge to see regular minutes. Conor Gallagher, Ruben Loftus-Cheek, Denis Zakaria and Mateo Kovacic are also in the picture, while midfield youngsters Carney Chukwuemeka and Cesare Casadei will hope to force their way into Potter's starting XI in due course.