Denise Fox (played by Diane Parish) and Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) have been under a lot of pressure recently as they navigate family life in EastEnders. The policeman fears he’ll be unable to help Amy Mitchell (Ellie Daad) while simultaneously negating both Denise and Ricky Jr (Frankie Day). In recent scenes, Ravi Gulati (Aaron Thiara) appeared flirtatious with Denise when she asked to book a table for herself and Jack at his restaurant. Jack subsequently bailed on Denise and his attempt to make it up to her ended in disaster when they returned home to Amy, Ricky Jr, Dalvinder ‘Nugget’ Gulati (Juhaim Rasul Choudhury) and Denzel Danes (Jaden Ladega) with a stolen bottle of vodka. The stressed father flew off the handle hitting out at everyone around him including Denise and Ravi before the latter received some harsh words from his own family. However, Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal) and Nish Panesar (Navin Chowdhry) were silenced when Denise interrupted the dressing down to praise Ravi for looking after Ricky Jr. Read more: EastEnders' Linda heartbroken as she receives devastating news Ravi appeared touched by Denise’s kind words and EastEnders viewers have predicted she could be tempted into having an affair. @RyanTheSoapking tweeted: “#EastEnders We know that once the secret about Ricky Jnr is out it'll cause rising pressures - with that said I hope it leads to joint family therapy not just for Denise and Jack from a marriage point of view but also for Ricky Jnr and Amy too.” @barilace remarked: “Nooo I love Jack and Denise! Shhh!!! I don’t want a lame cheating storyline. Boo! #EastEnders.” @northbound24 suggested: “I get the feeling this is going to be more about Denise realising the thrill of an affair isn't worth it. Yes she and Jack may not be in the best place at the minute but they are a very realistic couple dealing with the issues of their children #EastEnders.” However, @realseanslater disagreed: “Please Ravi free Denise from Jack Branning I beg #EastEnders.” (sic) @chiavarichairs_ added: “Jack needs to get a grip. He has a wife and son as well as Amy. Ricky literally told him he feels like Jack doesn’t care about him and yet he’s siding with Amy and only focusing on her. Denise sent the kids away to spend time with Jack and again he’s bringing up Amy #Eastenders" Meanwhile, official spoilers confirm Ravi will set his sights on Denise. In next week’s episodes, Denise is determined to shut down her new admirer’s flirtation. DON'T MISSFabrizio Santino starred in Hollyoaks before making his Walford debut [INSIGHT]EastEnders fans thrilled as star makes Call the Midwife cameo  [VIDEO]EastEnders rejection for Zack as Whitney makes strict request [SPOILER] She tells him she’s happily married and he’s got the wrong idea if he thinks otherwise. Ravi, who isn’t sure she’s being honest, continues to flirt. Later, he drowns his sorrows at Peggy’s and flirts with Chelsea Fox (Zaraah Abrahams) before swopping in to help her with a heavy delivery. She invites him for a drink at The Vic to say thank you and he agrees after noticing Denise. The pair enjoy a flirtatious time together and arrange date number two but Denise is not impressed and confronts Ravi about using her daughter. He hits back telling Denise he will date whoever he wants and goes ahead planning a second date. Chelsea asks Denise to watch Jordan so she can go on a date but will she agree? Could Denise be reluctant to let Ravi move on with Chelsea because she’s harbouring feelings for him? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.