Critics and commentators have poured over the recently published autobiography by Prince Harry, Spare, which accidentally hit the shelves early this week in Spain. In its pages, the 38-year-old opens up on his relationships with some of the Royal Family's most significant players like Prince William and Queen Camilla. Among the most revealing anecdotes shared by Harry was how he killed 25 people while serving with the British Army during his two spells touring Afghanistan. Harry has previously discussed the impact the tours had on his well-being and mental health, openly detailing what his role entailed and why it was vital he carried out his position as if a normal member of the public. His time in the Armed Forces was not without controversy, however, as it was considered a major threat to the lives of those he served with due to his royal status. In 2014, a year before Harry ended his military career, he detailed what life was like inside the barracks, and what it was like to kill. According to a piece in The Guardian from the time, speaking from Camp Bastion, in the Helmand province of Afghanistan, Harry said: "If there are people trying to do bad stuff to our guys, then we'll take them out of the game, I suppose. "Take a life to save a life… the squadron's been out here. Everyone's fired a certain amount." His comments came at the end of a four-month tour of the Central Asian nation, and he noted that he had killed some insurgents during his time out there, including while piloting an Apache helicopter. On that mission Harry, who was the commander of the Army's helicopters, was tasked with targeting Taliban soldiers during the operation to save injured Afghan and NATO personnel, as well as support troops on the ground. Known as Captain Wales, Harry lost all of his military patronages as a result of his and his wife Meghan Markle's decision to quit senior royal duties in 2020 by Her Majesty, Queen Elizabeth II. JUST IN: Carol Vorderman in tears over Prince Harry sex revelation In response, Harry said that "we can all live a life of service... service is universal", when it emerged his titles had been removed, with an insider telling the 2020 biography Finding Freedom he was "emotional" after it was announced. The most alarming moment for Harry during his decade-long service to Britain was during his first tour in 2008, when he was recalled to the UK amid concerns his location and safety had been breached. Writing in 2020 book Meghan Misunderstood, author Sean Smith noted that while on the flight back, "everything" changed for him. Mr Smith continued: "The coffin of a Danish soldier was loaded onto the plane that Harry shared with three injured soldiers, who were all missing limbs. Despite being a serving officer, he hadn’t seen close-up the devastating effects of such injuries. DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan getting 'confused’ with timings around royal exit [ANALYSIS]Taliban tell Harry his 'atrocities will not be forgotten' [INSIGHT]Harry told 'ball is in his court' after royals offer four olive branch [LATEST] "He knew then that he needed to help these brave servicemen and others like them to overcome the physical and psychological scars of being wounded in action." This journey, Mr Smith claimed, may have been the reason behind Harry's landmark decision to start the Invictus Games, a sporting occasion for injured servicemen and servicewomen in 2014. Upon watching that first Games take place, Mr Smith added: "Harry’s obvious delight while watching his fellow servicemen at the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park in London demonstrated that he was leaving his twenties behind and had grown into an empathetic and caring man." In a statement when he left the Armed Forces in 2015, Harry described the "tough decision" to rejoin civilian life. He continued: "I consider myself incredibly lucky to have had the chance to do some very challenging jobs and have met many fantastic people in the process. Inevitably, most good things come to an end and I am at a crossroads in my military career." Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10th.