Prince Harry has been warned there is no way back into the royal fold after “monetising” private conversations with his father King Charles and brother Prince William. Loose Women host Jane Moore poured scorn on the Duke of Sussex’s attempt to blame both for their current estrangement, accusing him of “kicking them over the fence”. Prince Harry will return to the subject on Sunday in two eagerly awaited high-profile interviews with CBS’s Anderson Cooper and ITV’s Tom Bradby, clips of which have been aired this week. The following Tuesday, the Prince’s memoir, Spare, will hit the bookshelves, creating a fresh headache for Buckingham Palace. Ms Moore, writing in The Sun, said of the 37-year-old: “There will be blood. And when it’s been spilt in such a public way, it’s very hard to recover from. “He expresses a desire to ‘have my father and brother back’ as if they were simply a lost ball, when the reality is that he wilfully kicked them over the fence himself some time ago. “‘It never needed to be this way. They’ve shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile,’ he moans to Mr Bradby in one clip. “But can you blame King Charles and Prince William when their every little, supposedly private, utterance might be weaponised and monetised by Harry and Meghan?” She added: “Already we’ve heard via Netflix how William “screamed” at him during a meeting, seen Harry and wife Meghan react in shock to a presumably stroppy text sent by his brother and, perhaps worst of all, seen Harry possibly cast doubt on William’s relationship with wife Kate by suggesting that, for royal men, “there can be a temptation or urge to marry someone who fits in the mould…  as opposed to somebody who you are perhaps destined to be with.” There was consequently little wonder they were “keeping him at arm’s length” she suggested. Ms Moore continued: “Spare is a vast tome, and on January 10 we’ll know exactly what ‘truth’ bombs are in it to warrant the multi-million-quid advance. JUST IN: Gran, 92, asked to die after harrowing 33 hour wait on stretcher “After all, 30 chapters on Harry and Meghan’s philanthropy isn’t going to cut the mustard.” In a series of clips from the Duke's conversation with Mr Bradby, Harry says: "I want a family, not an institution." He also says "they feel as though it is better to keep us somehow as the villains" and "have shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile", although it is unclear who he is referring to. ITV has said Harry: The Interview will go into "unprecedented depth and detail" about his life in and outside the royal family. Mr Bradby, a former royal correspondent and current presenter of ITV News at Ten, is a friend of the Sussexes and previously interviewed them for a documentary about their 2019 Africa tour. Meanwhile, Harry tells CBS's Anderson Cooper of the "betrayal" by Buckingham Palace while speaking on the 60 Minutes programme. In a one-minute extract, Harry says: "Every single time I've tried to do it privately, there have been briefings and leakings and planting of stories against me and my wife. "The family motto is 'never complain, never explain', but it's just a motto. "They (Buckingham Palace) will feed or have a conversation with a correspondent, and that correspondent will literally be spoon-fed information and write the story, and at the bottom of it, they will say they have reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment. "But the whole story is Buckingham Palace commenting.”