Ivanka Trump posted a selection of images from a hike with her husband Jared Kushner in New York. The couple wrapped up warm to enjoy the beautiful snowy scenery. The 41-year-old looked fresh-faced and her cheeks were flushed from the cold. She and her husband Jared, with whom she shares three children, both wore dark, warm clothing appropriate for the outdoor activity. They both wore walking shoes and gloves to brave the cold weather. The couple posed with their arms around each other in one image, while another snap featured just Ivanka posing in a woody spot next to a fallen tree. While Ivanka smiled in the images alongside her husband, the images prompted a number of concerned messages from fans of the former presidential advisor. Some suggested the model-turned-business-woman did not look well. Others suggested she was too thin, suggesting this was a result of her mother's death. One wrote: "You lost so much weight since your mom past away. Don't get me wrong it's not body shaming, I'm just concerned. You're always beautiful and I'm sure you'll be the first female president of the US, please take care." "Worried about Ivanka, she’s way too skinny," another said, while one wrote: "Not looking like yourself lately." "I'm worried about you," one said, while another urged the former socialite, "Take good care of yourself." READ MORE: Melania's three dazzling diamond rings from Donald have increased in value by £2M  Ivanka's mother, Donald Trump's first wife, died on 14 July 2022 in the Upper East Side, New York. Originally from Zlín, Czechia, she was 73 when she passed away at her Manhattan home after falling down a set of stairs. The former national Czechoslovakian skier, then Ivana Zelníčková, met Donald Trump in New York in 1976. They married in April 1977 and had three children, Donald Jr., Ivana, and Eric. At the time of her death Ivanka posted on Instagram: "Heartbroken by the passing of my mother. Mom was brilliant, charming, passionate, and wickedly funny. She modeled strength, tenacity, and determination in her every action. She lived life to the fullest — never forgoing an opportunity to laugh and dance. I will miss her forever and will keep her memory alive in our hearts always." Ivanka detailed she will not be joining her father Donald Trump if he wins his presidential bid next year to become leader for a second time around. She said in a statement: "I love my father very much. This time around, I'm choosing to prioritize my young children and the private life we are creating as a family. While I will always love and support my father, going forward I will do so outside the political arena." This is likely why Ivanka did not join her father Donald Trump for the first events of his campaign last weekend, opting to hike instead.   Not only did Ivanka not join him, but neither did any other members of the Trump family, including the billionaire's wife Melania Trump. This absence left many wondering why the former president was going it alone. A number of fans asked "where is Melania?" after she was missing from the events, with some complaining on Twitter that they "never see her."  Both Ivanka and her husband worked as advisors to Donald Trump during his presidency, relocating to Washington with their three children. However, the couple now lives in Florida, which is where a number of the Trump family reside including her brother Donald Jr. and his fiance and Melania Trump. Ivanka and Jared live in a $24 million waterfront mansion on an island known as "Billionaire Bunker". Their new home is a huge 8,500-square-foot abode, large enough for a family of five. The couple married in 2009 after Ivanka converted to Judaism to appease her husband's family. They have two sons, Theodore and Joseph, and a daughter, Arabella.  