Novak Djokovic suffered an injury scare during a practice match against Daniil Medvedev on Wednesday as he required physio treatment and ultimately cut things short after playing just one set before being replaced by a new practice partner. The world No 5 tweaked his hamstring muscle during his run to the Adelaide International title last week but claimed there was nothing about the issue that "worried" his ahead of the Australian Open. Djokovic raised concerns that his hamstring issue could be more serious than initially thought ahead of the Australian Open, as the injury forced him to end his practice session with Medvedev 40 minutes early on Wednesday. The pair played a practice match on Rod Laver Arena in front of a crowd of fans in what was the Serb's first appearance in front of Melbourne fans since he was deported from the country last year. The nine-time Aussie Open champion was leading 3-2 with a break when he required physio treatment during the change of ends as he received knee extensions, which can be used to release the hamstring. Djokovic won just one more game and received attention from the physio twice more before he stopped the match with the world No 8 leading 6-4 and was forced to abandon the session after just 36 minutes of the scheduled 75. Pablo Andujar replaced Djokovic so Medvedev could continue the rest of the session with another partner as the 35-year-old exited the court. The 21-time Grand Slam champion first tweaked his knee in a match against Medvedev during last week's Adelaide International semi-final, receiving an off-court medical time-out after stretching his leg out between rallies. JUST IN: Serena Williams baptised as Jehovah's Witness months after retirement   After beating the 26-year-old 6-3 6-4, Djokovic admitted that the Australian Open did cross his mind when he first felt his hamstring go but he was confident that he'd be ready for the final the following day. His prediction proved correct, as the world No 5 ended up saving a championship point to defeat Sebastian Korda 6-7(8) 7-6(3) 6-4 and lift his 92nd career title. Following his title win in Adelaide, the Serb confirmed that there was nothing worrying him about his performance in relation to the setback despite feeling some expected tightness. "It was all right," he said after the match. "Few times in the match I felt was tightening up, the muscle, but nothing that would worry me for my performance." DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu told two things she must do to be 'best in the world'Alcaraz told Slams won't matter as teen tipped to surpass Big ThreeRaducanu told what she must be 'willing to do' for success - exclusive  While Djokovic's decision to cut Wednesday's practice match short would have been a precaution, it raises concerns that the hamstring could still be bothering him by the time the Australian Open begins on Monday or - at the very least - it will affect his preparations in the lead-up. The 92-time title winner is set to face Nick Kyrgios in another practice match on Friday which has been billed as an "arena showdown" with the Australian Open selling specific tickets for fans to see the pair do battle, with money going to charity. It will be Djokovic and Kyrgios' first clash since last year's Wimbledon final, won by the Serb in four sets.