  She added: "I believe that leading a country is the most privileged job anyone could ever have, but also one of the more challenging. "You cannot, and should not do it, unless you have a full tank, plus a bit in reserve for those unexpected challenges. "This summer I had hoped to find a way to prepare not just for another year, but for another term, because that is what this year requires. "I have not been able to do that."  She continued while holding back tears: "And so today I'm announcing that I will not be seeking reelection, and that my term as prime minister will conclude no later than February 7. "While I won't be contesting the (next) election, I know the issues that impact New Zealanders most will remain the focus of the government through this year and into the election." Ms Ardern, who first became Prime Minister of the Antipodean country in 2017, said she believed her New Zealand Labor party would win the election. She added that her time in office had been "the most fulfilling five and a half years of my life".  READ MORE: Rogue paintball marshal shot children in genitals  There will be a vote over the coming days to decide on a replacement for the 42-year-old. Ms Ardern became the youngest female head of government in the world when she was elected leader of New Zealand aged 37. She was then re-elected as Prime Minister in 2020. She led New Zealand through the COVID-19 pandemic, the Christchurch mosque shootings, and the White Island volcanic eruption. DON'T MISS:200 people evacuated amid 'chemical incident' in Coca-cola factory [BREAKING]Lewis Capaldi stops concerts at Manchester Arena after audience fight  [LATEST]Harry and Meghan’s popularity in US takes hit [SPOTLIGHT]  The PM acknowledged that these challenges were not the reason behind her decision, saying: "I am not leaving because it was hard. "If that was the case, I probably would have departed two months in the job." Ms Ardern was praised for her "go hard and go early" approach to Covid lockdowns, with New Zealand experiencing less than 2,500 deaths from the virus. When she gave birth to her daughter in 2018, she was only the second world leader ever to do so while in office. Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese tweeted praise for Ardern after the announcement, saying she "has shown the world how to lead with intellect and strength" and has been "a great friend to me." 