Damar Hamlin is at the Buffalo Bills stadium with his teammates as the team face the Cincinnati Bengals on Sunday evening in the divisional round of the playoffs. It comes just three weeks after Hamlin suffered a cardiac arrest against the Bengals on January 2. Hamlin collapsed to the field in the first quarter after he tackled receiver Tee Higgins and had to be revived on the field amid worrying scenes before he was rushed to a local hospital. The game was suspended with players not wanting to continue the game after they had to witness Hamlin fight for his life. Just days later, physicians at local hospital revealed that Hamlin awoke that morning while he spoke to his family, care team and Buffalo teammates on FaceTime on the Friday before returning home days later. He continued his recovery at a hospital in Buffalo and where he continues to make progress. Hamlin has been seen in the stadium and is in a suite to watch the game, as he continues to recover after the cardiac arrest less than three weeks ago. ESPN reporter Diana Russini first reported the news, when she tweeted: "Damar Hamlin is with the team right now in the locker room. I was told he’s not going to be coming out on the field." While he was discharged from Buffalo General Medical Center last week, Hamlin still faces hurdles in his recovery, according to his friend. His release from hospital had came days after doctors announced the safety was able to breathe on his own and is walking, talking and there were no signs of neurological damage. Hamlim's marketing rep Jordan Rooney said: "Damar still requires oxygen and is having his heart monitored regularly to ensure there are no setbacks or after effects,. Though he is able to visit the team's facility, Damar is not in position to travel often, and requires additional rest to help his body heal."  This is Hamlin's first public appearance after the incident, with the safety tweeting throughout his teams wins in recent weeks. Earlier this week, Tee Higgins said of seeing Hamlin recover: “Just be happy to see him. I haven't really spoken to him. Just letting his family do what he needs to do with all his loved ones.”