 Prince Harry’s long-awaited memoir, Spare, will hit shelves on Tuesday, January 10, after over a year of speculation over its contents. However, after copies of the book accidentally went on sale in Spain on Thursday, January 5, vast passages have been leaked and published in the press. Among the alleged attacks on the UK-based royals, Harry has, reports suggest, made an arguably petty reference to his older brother’s appearance, picking on Prince William’s “alarming” loss of hair.  According to the Daily Mail, which got its hands on the book, the Duke of Sussex recalled meeting his brother and father during his trip to England for Prince Philip’s funeral in April 2021. He allegedly reveals how shocked he was by how much hair the then-Duke of Cambridge had lost. “I looked at Willy, really looked at him, perhaps for the first time since we were little, taking in every detail: his familiar scowl, which had always been the norm in his dealings with me,” Harry wrote, adding that William’s baldness was “alarming” and more “advanced than mine”. According to the report, Harry also thought his brother’s resemblance to their mother Diana, Princess of Wales, had “faded”. READ MORE: The 10 biggest bombshells from Prince Harry's book and interviews—what we know so far  “My dear brother, my archenemy, how did we come to this?” he allegedly wrote. “I felt overwhelming tiredness. I wanted to go home.” April 2021 marked the first time the Duke had returned to the UK since his and his wife Meghan Markle’s dramatic royal exit in January of the previous year. Just a month before the Duke of Edinburgh’s funeral, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s explosive interview with Oprah Winfrey aired across the globe. During the tell-all, Harry said his brother and father were “trapped” within the institution, and made allegations of racism and mental health neglect.  His return to the UK, and reunion with his family, reportedly did not go well. In his memoir, Harry is said to recount a conversation he had with William and Charles during his visit. The subject of his and Meghan’s former home — Frogmore Cottage — was supposedly brought up, leading Harry to reflect on what they intended to be their forever home. William allegedly shot back at his brother, telling him he was the one who had left to which Harry responded that he knew why. Harry then says the Prince of Wales then denied knowing why his brother had decided to step down, adding that his father shared an expression that he, too, did not know why.