Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp reportedly maintains the club hierarchy's full backing amid a nightmare Premier League season. And the German coach's January transfer stance has become clear after Saturday's 3-0 thrashing at the hands of Brighton and Hove Albion. Liverpool entered the 2022/23 season widely expected to continue their relentless battle with Manchester City for a record-levelling 20th Premier League title. But Klopp's side have fallen drastically short of expectations and are slumped in ninth after 18 games, 10 points outside the top four and 19 points behind league leaders Arsenal. The Reds are absent from the EFL Cup semi-finals and were saved from FA Cup third-round despair late on by VAR in a 2-2 draw against Wolverhampton Wanderers at Anfield. Despite their recent woes, Sky Germany report that nothing has changed regarding how the Liverpool bosses view Klopp. The 55-year-old is in no danger of the sack and hasn't considered resigning, with Liverpool believing he has enough credit in the bank for a 'weak season' and willing to give him the benefit of the doubt despite their alarming slump. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE The report adds that after Cody Gakpo's £35million arrival, Klopp doesn't plan to turn to the transfer market again to solve his issues this month. It's claimed that the Anfield giants' full focus is on winning the race to sign Jude Bellingham this summer, with Man City, Manchester United and Real Madrid also in the running. However, Arsenal, United and Newcastle United are defying expectations in the top-four hunt this term. And it may have left winning the Champions League as Liverpool's best chance of playing in the competition next season. Such a prospect is daunting for the club's transfer aspirations, especially with the other options Bellingham will have on the table, and a financial blow for potential new owners. DON'T MISS: Chelsea 'submit firm £44.5m offer' for Zidane to replace Potter  Liverpool's task of lifting a seventh Champions League has been made more complicated by drawing their conquerors in last season's final, Real Madrid, in the last 16. An early exit in Europe would compound Klopp's misery, but there aren't expected to be any rash decisions on his future. He has almost won everything there is to win during his reign as Liverpool manager, including the Champions League and ending the club's long wait for a Premier League title. And as long as the Merseyside outfit's troubles continue, fans won't hesitate to aim their frustrations at any source other than a certified Reds legend like him. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here