Mould can appear anywhere, provided there is moisture. It can grow on walls, floors, carpet, appliances, or furniture. The key to controlling mould is to eliminate residual water and humidity. If you already have mould at home, you need to kill it and fix the moisture problem so that it doesn’t come back. Bleach is marketed as one of the best cleaning solutions against mould. However, this may not be the best for all surfaces. Cleaning experts at ohsoSpotless shared that bleach is effective in some cases, but not when it comes to porous surfaces. They said: “Not only does bleach fail to kill mould on a porous surface, but it can also make matters worse. “Porous areas have tiny openings (pores) in which the mould grows. The water component of the bleach will penetrate these pores and can increase mould growth. “At first glance, you would think that you’ve killed the mould, but on the contrary, you’re essentially feeding it." READ MORE: Damp can cost up to £5,000 to repair - use ‘cheap £1’ item to fix You might be surprised to learn that many of your household cleaning products contain some level of bleach. Stain removers, toilet cleaners, and even tile residue removers all use bleach. Bleach is very effective when it comes to killing bacteria. Unfortunately, it has adverse health issues, especially when used carelessly. The experts added: “The correct way to kill mould in porous materials such as wood and drywall is to use distilled white vinegar and hydrogen peroxide.” When comparing bleach to white vinegar, the cleaning pros claimed that vinegar is the “better” option. They said: “Vinegar can kill the fungus on both hard surfaces and porous surfaces and will terminate the mould at the root. DON'T MISSRonan Keating’s quiet life in affluent Hertfordshire town [INSIGHT]Estate agent shares home improvements to avoid - ‘off-putting’ [EXPERT]5 ‘vital’ bedroom mistakes to ‘avoid’ - makes the room ‘unbreathable’ [TIPS] “Vinegar is one of the most effective, natural, and non-toxic methods to kill mould.” To use white vinegar to kill mould, pour some into a clean and dry spray bottle and mist the mouldy area. Let the vinegar work its magic for one hour. Follow up by cleaning the area with water and letting the area dry. Another natural method suggested to remove mould is hydrogen peroxide. The experts said: “Hydrogen peroxide has properties that kill bacteria, viruses, and fungus.” It can safely be used on a range of surfaces such as kitchen appliances and counters, bathroom fixtures and tubs, hard flooring, and even certain wall surfaces. READ MORE: Jayne Torvill’s quiet life in beautiful East Sussex market town Pour a three percent concentration of hydrogen peroxide into a spray bottle. Spray the area of mould and leave the product to sit for at least 10 minutes. Follow up by cleaning the area with a soft-bristled brush. Known also as sodium bicarbonate, baking soda can also be used to kill mould. Plus, it’s a safe, natural option. Take a spray bottle filled with water and add a quarter of a tablespoon of baking soda. Shake the bottle until the baking soda dissolves completely. Spray the mouldy surface. After, clean the area with a scrub brush and then wipe. Spray the area again and leave it dry to prevent the mould from returning. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Once the mould is gone the next step is to prevent it coming back in the future. It is important to note that mould will occur wherever there is water damage, such as leaks or flooding. When water damage occurs, make sure to fix it promptly and dry thoroughly after fixing it. Keeping the humidity as low as possible (30 percent to 50 percent) all day long, will also help to keep mould at bay. households can do this by using a dehumidifier. Britons should also ensure there’s good ventilation in their house to prevent mould build up, so make sure vents are installed in the kitchen and bathroom.