Prince Harry has publicly called for a reconciliation with his family - and one source has claimed peace talks may be on the cards. The Duke of Sussex has laid bare his rocky relationships and made some damning accusations in the pages of his new book Spare. Now dubbed the fastest selling non-fiction book, Harry's made no secret in publicity interviews how he wants his family back. And in a report by The Times, there may be a time when peace talks could settle the water. It is hoped this would be in time for the King's coronation on May 6.  Publicly, the Duke has recently revealed that he wants “accountability” and “an apology” from his family, but claims that they have “shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile”. Speaking of his estranged family, Harry said that he wishes to “sit down and have a proper conversation about this”, adding that he says wants his brother and his father "back". But the Times reports a source close to both parties thinks a peace meeting, which will include the King and his two sons, could be planned to go ahead in the coming months. A royal source, who also knew the Duke and Duchess of Sussex very well, believes a reconciliation meeting between the couple and the Royal Family will happen in the coming months and needs to take place before the coronation in May.  They added: "It’s going to take flexibility on all sides, but it can be done, it’s fixable". Aside from Harry, William and the King, They added that a few others will need to be present. This will include "some of 'his people' he trusts who always had his back, so he doesn’t think he’s being ambushed." They added this could include "someone like Elf [Ed Lane Fox, Harry’s former private secretary] and Christopher [Lord Geidt, the late Queen’s former private secretary who advised the Sussexes]." READ MORE: Loved-up Zara and Mike Tindall kiss, cuddle and joke around with pals in carefree display The source added: "[They] both sides need to hold their hands up and admit we didn’t get everything right, and we got a lot wrong, and we have to say to him ‘we understand the pain you’ve been through'. "The King can do it." Prince Harry and Meghan announced their plans to step down as senior working royals three years ago, in January 2020. They couple declared that they wished to "work to become financially independent", all whilst since supporting the late Queen. DON'T MISS Since the couple have lived in the US, they have done one joint tell-all interview together with Oprah Winfrey, along with a six-part docuseries which aired on Netflix. It showed unseen pictures from their blossoming relationship in the early days. Just weeks later the book followed along with a series of public interviews aired in both the US and UK whereby Harry has been grilled on the contents of his memoir. It has been during these publicity events where the Duke has called for a step forward - although as it stands the palace has not yet responded to any of the accusations detailed in the book. 