Arsenal could have a busy transfer deadline day in store as incoming and outgoing business brews ahead of the January window slamming shut at 11pm. Mikel Arteta has added two new faces to his Premier League title-challenging squad this month, but he's determined to recruit a third. Arsenal started their January spending by completing a £27million deal for Brighton and Hove Albion winger Leandro Trossard. It followed missing out on 22-year-old winger Mykhaylo Mudryk after Chelsea hijacked their interest to complete an £88.5m swoop. Arteta then bolstered his defensive depth with the £20m signing of Poland centre-back Jakub Kiowir. But he wants to complete his squad-wide winter reinforcements by acquiring a midfielder today. Brighton and Hove Albion's Moises Caicedo has been a priority and the subject of two rejected bids, but Chelsea's Jorginho is also a name to keep tabs on as the countdown to the deadline ticks on. Express Sport takes a look at all of the notable noise coming out of the Emirates Stadium on transfer deadline day. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Chelsea could complete their sensational transfer window by repeating their Mudryk hijack and snatching Moises Caicedo from under Arsenal's noses. Arsenal haven't submitted an improved bid for the 21-year-old Ecuadorian since Brighton rejected a second offer worth £70m. Chelsea are expected to sign Benfica midfielder Enzo Fernandez today after reigniting their interest and triggering his £105m release clause. But the Guardian report that the Blues could also launch a stunning pursuit of Caicedo, who Graham Potter coached at the Amex Stadium. Their London rivals' emerging interest could prompt Arsenal into submitting a third and final bid. DON'T MISS: Saint-Maximin may copy Ronaldo as Newcastle ace eyes deadline day move Real Valladolid right-back Ivan Fresneda has been one of Arsenal's top January targets amid Cedric Soares' talks over a move to Fulham. However, with Cedric's Craven Cottage switch continuing to stall, the 18-year-old doesn't look set to arrive at Arsenal on deadline day. According to Fabrizio Romano, Borussia Dortmund joined the Gunners in wanting to sign Fresneda this winter, with the La Liga outfit demanding £13m. But the Spanish starlet is now expected to remain at Valladolid until the summer, when he will complete a move to a top club. It may come as a blow to Arsenal now, but Arteta will likely be at the forefront of suitors in the summer transfer window. In what could be the shock move of deadline day, Jorginho swapping Chelsea for Arsenal is becoming an increasingly likely proposition. With Brighton standing firm on their not-for-sale stance about Caicedo, Arteta has seemingly turned his attention to alternatives. And reports emerged last night claiming Jorginho was one of them after Arsenal approached Chelsea about his services. Now, Sky Sport report the Gunners are 'close' to signing Jorginho due to figures at Stamford Bridge preferring the 31-year-old to leave over Conor Gallagher. His Blues contract expires in July, so Arsenal could secure his signature for a cut-price fee. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here