Everton are frantically looking to bring an attacker before the January transfer window closes and their attention has now reportedly turned to Paul Onuachu. Sean Dyche has now taken over at Goodison Park after Frank Lampard was dismissed earlier this month. And the former Burnley boss faces a difficult task turning things around at Everton with the club embroiled in a relegation battle. To make matters worse, several clubs around them have improved in the January transfer window while Everton are at risk of heading into February with a weaker squad. Anthony Gordon had his head turned by interest from Newcastle before sealing a £45million move to the north east. No replacement has been signed for the winger and Everton are at risk of not making any new signings in the entire January window. They're set to miss out on Kamaldeen Sulemana, who has reportedly chosen Southampton, while Victor Gyokeres also looks likely to remain at Coventry City. Attacking recruits are the top priority for the Toffees before the transfer window closes though.  And Footmercato claim Everton have moved their attention on to Genk attacker Onuachu. The 28-year-old has been in excellent form in the Belgian league this season, scoring an incredible 16 goals in just 19 games. It follows on from an impressive few seasons in Belgium and was named the league's footballer of the year back in 2021. His form has begun attracting interest from all over Europe, but it's being claimed that he has his heart set on a move to the Premier League.  Everton and Southampton are both said to be battling for his signature, in a deal that could potentially be worth around £18million. But if the Saints complete a move for Sulemana, it could give Everton a free run at signing the 6ft 7in tall striker. Dyche worked with a number of target men forwards during his time in charge at Burnley and managed to get the best out of the likes of Chris Wood and Ashley Barnes. He's also different to what Everton currently have in attack with both Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Neal Maupay struggling for form.