Idaho murder suspect Bryan Kohberger was likely motivated by "arousal" and "hatred" when he allegedly broke into an off-campus home and fatally stabbed to death four university students in the dead of night, an expert has claimed. It comes after an investigator close to the case revealed he had repeatedly messaged one of the victims before the murders took place but to no avail. Former FBI profiler, Mary Ellen O'Toole, told Fox News that Mr Kohberger was likely driven by "arousal", rather than anger. She said: "He would have been in a heightened state of arousal and that means he was emotionally aroused or even sexually aroused as he was killing those girls, and I suspect it was both. "That heightened state of arousal is driven by hatred, not anger".  Kohberger, 28, a PhD student from Washington State University, is charged with murdering Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Madison Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle 21, and her boyfriend Ethan Chapin, 20, on November 13. He has denied the allegations. Ms O'Toole suspects Kohberger's main target was Kaylee Goncalves or her long-time best friend and roommate, Madison Mogen, who were sleeping in the same bed on the night of the murders. A Ka-Bar knife sheath was left beside Mogen's body, suggesting that the rampage began in her bedroom before the killer went on to the second floor to slay the other two victims, Kernodle and Chapin, who were a couple. The former FBI profiler added: "Motives for some crimes are unusual in that they lie in the offender. READ MORE: Idaho murder suspect's body language showed 'fixation seen in killers' "He hated them. He needed them dead. Had they done anything to him? No. The victims were like objects to the killer." It is not known whether the victims were familiar with Kohberger, who attended a nearby university just a 10-minute drive from the University of Idaho. However, new evidence that emerged on Tuesday suggests Kohberger had tried to contact one of the victims via social media but never received a response. An investigator familiar with the case claimed an account believed to have belonged to the murder suspect sent a message to one of the victims. They claimed the account holder repeatedly messaged the victim in greeting despite them never replying to him. Speaking to People, the investigator said: "He slid into one of the girls' DMs several times but she didn't respond.  "Basically, it was just him saying, 'Hey, how are you?' But he did it again and again." This, so far, appears to be the only connection Kohberger had with the four victims. He has not yet entered a plea and is scheduled to appear in court for his hearing on June 26. 