After HBO’s highly acclaimed series House of the Dragon ended on a major cliffhanger, fans have been eagerly awaiting the release of season two. Thankfully for fans, the Game of Thrones prequel was renewed for another season and production has now also received a major boost. House of the Dragon landed on screen last year and became an instant success and smashed rating records for HBO. With nearly 10 million viewers switching to HBO the Game of Thrones prequel became the largest premiere in the network's history. The second episode went on to top the record as the gripping scenes garnered 10.2 million viewers which marked a two percent increase from the premiere. As a result, millions across the world are eagerly anticipating its return as well as the catastrophic, Dance of the Dragons. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend confirms break from ITV soap  Thankfully, viewers are inching towards the second season as the series is currently in pre-production. According to Redanian Intelligence, the drama has begun production earlier than planned as reports revealed the cameras were expected to be rolling in March 2023. Viewers can expect to see the thrilling fallout of Aegon Targaryen (played by Tom Glynn-Carney) becoming King after the death of his father, Viserys Targaryen (Paddy Considine). This sparked a major war between the family as Rhaenyra Targaryen (Emma D’Arcy) was next in line for the throne.    Following the success of season one HBO's executive vice president of Programming, Francesca Orsi said: "We are beyond proud of what the entire House of the Dragon team has accomplished with season one. “Our phenomenal cast and crew undertook a massive challenge and exceeded all expectations, delivering a show that has already established itself as must-see-TV. “A huge thank you [to co-creator and executive producer George RR Martin and co-creator and showrunners Ryan Condal and Miguel Sapochnik] for leading us on this journey. “We couldn't be more excited to continue bringing to life the epic saga of House Targaryen with season two.” DON'T MISS...Lea Michele branded ‘disrespectful’ after ‘pushing’ Sadie Sink [REACTION]Game of Thrones' Emilia Clarke snubs 'weird' House of the Dragon show [INSIGHT]House of the Dragon finale originally took place in axed location [INSIGHT]  As House of the Dragon is the onscreen adaption of George RR Martin’s novel, Fire and Blood, fans have hinted at what season two could include. The books reveal Rhaenyra does take the Iron Throne and become queen over the Seven Kingdoms, however, her reign is short-lived. However, based on how much the series has diverged from the source material, it’s yet to be seen what will make it into the final cut. In the novel, she was known as the Half-Year Queen because she took the throne for six months from the Greens. Fans can also expect to see Rhaenyra face off against her ex-best friend and now stepmother Alicent Hightower (Olivia Cooke) who didn’t inform her when Viserys died. Thankfully, HBO executive Casey Bloys opened up about the release of season two. He disclosed: “Don’t expect it in 2023, but I think sometime in 2024. “We’re just starting to put the plan together, and just like last time, there are so many unknowns. “It’s not to be coy or secretive, but you don’t want to say it’s going to be ready on this date, and then you have to move it.” House of the Dragon is available to stream on HBO in the US and on NOW TV in the UK. 