When Back to the Future Part III hit cinemas in 1990, trilogy creators Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale were adamant that there would never be a Back to the Future 4, having completed their story. To keep fans happy in the years since, the two Bobs have explored different mediums from an animated TV show and theme park ride to video games, comic books and a stage musical. More recently, Express.co.uk spoke exclusively with Gale about his plans for the franchise’s future. Aside from Back to the Future: The Musical opening on Broadway this year, after its award-winning ongoing run at the West End, Gale admitted he’s considering virtual reality. Gale shared with us how he was put in touch with someone who had created the world of Back to the Future in VR for him to try out. He said: “I put the goggles on and I was walking around the town square of Hill Valley in 2015. It wasn’t detailed yet but I could go into Cafe '80s, all the decor was on the walls, and I could walk out and walk around the courthouse pond. I could see that as an immersive environment as a way of continuing Back to the Future-ness without upsetting the core trilogy of the movies. I can see it being used with that kind of technology.” Aside from new video games, the latest rumour is that “a new continuation” of Back to the Future’s story is coming to Netflix. According to Giant Freakin Robot’s trusted and proven sources: “The time travel series is looking to move to the streaming service for a new continuation of the story, though it is unclear whether it will directly follow the original trilogy of movies or tell a new world set in that universe.” Nevertheless, what is clear to the outlet is that this will be a new animated series of Back to the Future on Netflix. CBS previously aired a 2D animated series from 1991-92 after the film trilogy was completed. Back to the Future: The Animated Series followed Doc Brown and his 1885 wife Clara and their sons Jules and Verne on time travelling adventures with Marty set after the events of Part III. And on their various trips, they’d encounter members of Biff Tannen’s family causing all sorts of trouble. Although Marty McFly star Michael J Fox didn’t return, Doc Brown actor Christopher Lloyd appeared in live-action sequences. Additionally, Clara actress Mary Steenburgen and Biff actor Thomas F Wilson voiced their movie roles. READ MORE: Back to the Future: Jennifer star's scene with Eric Stoltz and more Fast forward to 2010 and Back to the Future: The Game was released with Gale helping write the storyline set after the original film trilogy. For this project, Lloyd, Fox, Wilson and Jennifer actress Claudia Wells contributed to the voice work. With all this in mind, our best bet is that this Netflix animated show will follow another alternate timeline after the events of Back to the Future Part III, with original cast members voicing their movie roles. Perhaps this will even include adapted storylines from the video game and comic books? SOURCE