The Royal Family is known for its jewels, ballgowns, immaculate hair and makeup and their enviable regal glow. But what scent did Meghan Markle wear at her royal wedding? Coco Chanel once said about perfume: "No elegance is possible without perfume. It is the unseen, unforgettable, ultimate accessory." Floris London was commissioned to create a special royal wedding scent for Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, back in 2018. Sadly it wasn’t ever made available for the general public to buy, however, it was thought to be inspired by the brand’s Beramotto di Positano perfume. This perfume costs a whopping £120 for a 100ml bottle. Its description says: "A refreshing blend of bergamot entwined with mandarin and balmy marine notes. "The heart is a vibrant combination of orange blossom, with a hint of vanilla, which lends a smooth character and creaminess to complement the initial sparkle. Base notes of wood, amber, ambrette and ginger provide the fragrance with mellow warmth."   READ MORE: Fergie weight loss: How Duchess of York 'lost close to 50 pounds' The late Queen also chose a Floris perfume to wear on her wedding day in 1947, specifically the White Rose bottle. This is a floral blend with spicy carnations and it remained close to her heart for the rest of her life. Floris does hold a royal warrant, so there is some element of royal preference there. As the only perfume brand to be granted a royal warrant from the Queen, Floris London definitely has the royal seal of approval.  The fact that both Her Late Majesty and Meghan wore scents by the brand on their wedding days, shows the lengths the Duchess took to earn her respect. The brand even has a special scent in honour of the monarch, which was released in celebration of her Platinum Jubilee, marking her 70 years on the throne. A bottle of Floris London White Rose costs just £80 from John Lewis. The Duchess of Sussex has been incredibly open in the past about her love for the perfect feminine fragrance. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's £140k engagement ring looks 'vintage' - pictures She previously said: "Fragrance is my favourite thing. So much so that if I leave the house and I don’t put any on, I’ll turn around and go back home."  In terms of other members of the Royal Family, the late Princess Diana had a few favourite perfumes that she often spritzed, according to Celebrity Fragrance Guide. One of them was Penhaligon's Bluebell, which royal fans can still buy today. Priced at around £385 for a 100ml bottle, the fresh and fruity fragrance has citrus headnotes, mixed in with essences of Lily of the Valley, jasmine and rose, as well as a drop of clove and cinnamon.   Prince Harry wrote of his father King Charles' cologne in his book Spare, sharing that he would "slather the stuff on his cheeks, his neck, his shirt. Flowery with a hit of something harsh, like pepper or gunpowder, it was made in Paris". His Majesty reportedly wears Dior’s Eau Sauvage after-shave, a masculine yet elegant fragrance which retails for around £90 for 100ml. In addition, those who have seen Kate Middleton whilst she's off duty have reportedly shared that the Princess smells incredible, like berries and summer fruits - very clean, crisp smells. The royal's go-to-perfume in question is believed to be Jo Malone's Orange Blossom cologne. She's said to love it so much that she reportedly fragranced her wedding with the scent. The luxurious perfume costs £110 for a 100ml bottle, but can also be bought for £55 for a 30ml bottle. 