Popular F1 pundit Johnny Herbert says he will be keeping busy with various projects in 2023 after he was surprisingly axed from Sky Sports' coverage. Former F1 driver Herbert has been a staple of the broadcaster’s coverage since they secured TV rights for the sport over a decade ago. But it has now been confirmed that Herbert and Paul di Resta will not be part of the Sky team moving forward, ahead of lights out on the new season at the Bahrain Grand Prix in March. It is believed that three-time race winner Herbert and former Force India and Williams driver di Resta will not be replaced at Sky. That means that the revised 13-strong presenting line-up on 2023 race weekends now includes Jenson Button, Nico Rosberg, Naomi Schiff, Martin Brundle, Damon Hill, Karun Chandhok, Anthony Davidson, Natalie Pinkham, Ted Kravitz, Danica Patrick, Simon Lazenby, David Croft and Rachel Brookes. READ MORE: Pierre Gasly and Martin Brundle set to agree on major F1 rules change  A Sky Sports spokesperson said: "Johnny has been an integral part of our Formula 1 team since the very first season on Sky Sports in 2012. We will miss his humour and big personality and thank him for his energy and enthusiasm over the last 11 years. Everyone wishes him all the best for the future." Herbert will still be involved in F1 - albeit in a new capacity this season. He also has plans to attend the Le Mans 24 Hours endurance race, as well as having some fun on the track. "I'm not with Sky this year, unfortunately, but there are other things I'll be getting involved with,” he told motorsport content creator Last Lap Lucy. DON'T MISSFerrari reach FIA agreement despite Scuderia's Red Bull fears Mercedes seek Lewis Hamilton and FIA summit to prevent F1 ban for Brit FIA boss issues Lewis Hamilton threat after controversial rule change  “I'll be at Silverstone for sure, and the Monaco Grand Prix. I'm hoping to get to Le Mans as well this year, because that's going to be a big event this time around. "I'm doing a bit of karting – not racing, just testing. My son-in-law wants me to race but I don't really want to, but you'll probably see me on a go-kart track near you. I've got various things going on. I'm enjoying things on the track and also life off the track as well." Before Sky’s confirmation, Herbert posted an Instagram farewell to the presenting line-up, writing “Going to miss the team”. And clearly a much-loved colleague, presenter Rachel Brookes replied: “Not as much as we will miss you! Thank you for everything and being such a lovely “tv husband” - won’t be the same without you.”