There is a tsunami threat for Vanuatu after the island in the Ring of Fire region was hit by a massive magnitude 7.2 earthquake. The huge earthquake struck 27 west of Vanuatu's Port-Olry and was at a depth of 10km, the United States Geological Survey (USGS) has said. There have been no reports of any injuries. The US Tsunami Warning System has warned there is a "potential threat" to Vanuatu.  The International Tsunami Information Centre warned "hazardous tsunami waves are forecast for some coasts". It said: "An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.0 occurred in the Vanuatu Islands at 12.33 UTC on Sunday January 8, 2023. "Based on all available data, hazardous tsunami waves are forecast for some coasts."  An updated threat forecast warned Tsunami waves raching up to a metre above the tide level are possible for some coasts of Vanuatu.  Tsunami waves are also forecast to be less than .03 metres above the tide level for the coasts of New Caledonia and the Solomon Islands. The updated threat forecast read: "Tsunami waves reaching 0.3 to 1 metres above the tide level are possible for some coasts of Vanuatu. "Tsunami waves are forecast to be less than 0.3metres above the tide level for the coasts of New Caledonia and Solomon Islands."  "Actual amplitudes at the coast may vary from forecast amplitudes due to uncertainties in the forecast and local features. READ MORE: 'End of Putin' warning as Russia 'plans to mobilise 500k troops'   "In particular, maximum tsunami amplitudes on atolls and at locations with fringing or barrier reefs will likely be much smaller than the forecast indicates." Vanuatu is a South Pacific Ocean nation made up of around 80 islands that stretch 1,300 kilometres. It is home to nearly 300,000 people but worryingly often comes under threat from natural disasters, with six active volcanoes as well as frequent cyclones and earthquakes. Furthermore, Vanuatu sits on the infamous "Ring of Fire", a huge area of seismic faults around the Pacific Ocean where earthquakes and volcanoes are common. DON'T MISSKim Jong-un's nuclear ambitions for global chaos as leader turns 39 [REPORT]Russians furious at release of former convict Wagner Group fighters [LATEST]Putin accused of trapping Ukrainian children in Crimean camps [COMMENTS] 