Marcel Sabitzer has been filmed arriving at Munich airport as he prepares to fly to England and complete a move to Manchester United. The Red Devils hope beat the deadline and sign Sabitzer on loan until the end of the season to counter Christian Eriksen's lengthy injury lay-off. According to various reports, United are close to agreeing a deal with Bayern Munich to recruit Sabitzer on an initial short loan. The Old Trafford giants are likely to include an option to buy in his contract and now face a race against time to complete the deadline day move. Sky Sport footage has shown Sabitzer arriving at Munich airport this evening ahead of his flight to Manchester. And in response to the cameraman asking him whether he was completing a switch to United, he said: "It will be a surprise, I guess." He is expected to arrive at Carrington after touching down, where he will complete medical tests and sign the required documentation. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE According to The Athletic, Sabitzer may not be required to undergo a full-scale medical ahead of his arrival due to the tight schedule. United have already received positive information on his fitness from Bayern, which should be enough to satisfy Erik ten Hag. The Red Devils boss previously didn't expect to add to his squad in the final days of the window beyond Jack Butland and Wout Weghorst, also on loan deals. But Eriksen has been ruled out until late April/early May with an ankle injury suffered in Saturday's 3-1 FA Cup win against Reading. And the United board, potentially as their final act before the Glazers sell the club in the coming months, have approved the decision to pursue Sabitzer. DON'T MISS: Federico Chiesa to Man Utd transfer endorsed as star named 'perfect' Before Eriksen's injury blow, Ten Hag was already without Donny van de Beek for the remainder of the season. And on Tuesday, the Dutchman also confirmed that Scott McTominay was sidelined through injury, ruling him out of United's next two games. It has left him with just two fit senior central midfielders, Casemiro and Fred, ahead of a gruelling fixture schedule as United still fight in all four competitions. Sabitzer has made 54 appearances since joining Bayern from RB Leipzig in August 2021 but has been behind Joshua Kimmich and Leon Goretzka in Julian Nagelsmann's midfield pecking order. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here