Manchester United legend Patrice Evra thinks Erik ten Hag’s side lack a cutting edge and also struggle to control matches. The Red Devils have been flying ahead of Saturday’s crunch derby showdown with Manchester City at Old Trafford. Yet their former defender, who won five Premier League titles during his stint at Old Trafford, feels they’re not the finished article just yet. Manchester United were battered 6-3 by Manchester City earlier in the season on a chastening afternoon for Ten Hag and his troops at the Etihad Stadium. But they’ve been resurgent ever since and go into the reverse fixture at Old Trafford on a run of eight victories in a row. United have also won just as many games (20) across all competitions as they managed under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick over the entirety of the last campaign, too. Yet while the Red Devils have shown signs of improvement, and Evra is happy, the five-time Premier League winner still has two complaints to make. “I think United are now more consistent, I expect this season to be like a rollercoaster but at the moment we have more ups than downs,” he told Betfair. “There are two things that I still don't like about United, the first is they aren't clinical enough and secondly they aren't in charge, they aren't in control. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “Maybe the team isn't ready yet to be in control for 90 minutes or even 70 minutes. When we play against teams, yes we're winning, but we still aren't in control and this is dangerous, especially when you play against teams like Man City. “Of course, now there's a different atmosphere. I feel like now there's no pressure. “Since we've come back from the World Cup without Cristiano in the team, I feel like people are happy. Let's be honest, people are also relieved. “They feel like they don't have all that talk around the club anymore. United right now are healthy. “When you have the fans, it's key, especially in derby games or when they play teams like Liverpool. They are the key. There's a healthy atmosphere. The fans are behind the players. “No matter what happens in the match, if United have a difficult first 15 minutes against City, that's when they will be key.” DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Amid United’s fine run of form, they’ve also won eight consecutive home games in all competitions. That’s their longest home-winning streak since December 2017, back when Jose Mourinho ruled the roost. And Evra is happy to see Old Trafford becoming a fortress again, having lost it’s fear factor in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement. “I always say, playing at Old Trafford is the theatre of dreams of United, but it's the theatre of nightmares for opponents,” he said. “Recently, it's been the theatre of nightmares for us too, but we've started to change that and you can see that the fans that go there are happy with what they see, they are happy with Ten Hag. “If you ask any United fan, they will say ‘100 per cent, Ten Hag is the man.’ Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Before, when it was Mourinho, Solskjaer or Van Gaal there wasn't that certainty, now they understand that this man has brought discipline back to the club. “Mancunians are working people, they don't need flashy players, they want players that work hard and run and tackle. “I never forget that when I was playing for United I could feel that working history, and the first thing I knew I had to do was run and really work hard, then the fans would really get behind you and the rest would come.” Evra has also hailed Marcus Rashford, believing the United star is now operating at the peak of his powers after choosing to focus on his football. “Marcus Rashford doesn't surprise me because this is what I expected from him from the start,” he added. “Marcus lost his happiness and when I was at one of the games I said to him ‘what's the most important thing for me now is to see you smiling because you've got the quality but sometimes when I watch you it looks like you're bored on the pitch.’ “I think the problem was away from the pitch and there were things that we didn't know about. When I told him that, he said I was correct. “United fans appreciate what he is doing for the kids but right now his main focus isn't off the pitch, it's scoring goals for Man United. “You have to be honest, when you prioritise football over anything else, that's when things work. “If you want to play at the highest level, football has to be your priority. Marcus' main focus is Man United.”