A 55-year-old man who suffers from MS has been receiving the Warm Home Discount of £150 for the last five years but has just discovered that he's not entitled to it this year. He told Express.co.uk how he can't afford to keep his house warm yet his condition is worsened when it gets cold. Changes to how the Warm Home Discount will be paid were made last year but it's only now that winter has set in that some pensioners and disabled people are realising they no longer qualify. One person affected is Robert Galloway who suffers from Multiple Scerosis (MS) a condition affecting the brain and spinal cord. Anyone who suffers with MS will know the cold can make symptoms much worse for some. Mr Galloway, who can't work because of his condition, said: "I have had the discount for at least five years, not being able to recall exactly due to my memory being affected by the MS." READ MORE: 'Thousands' of people missing out on pension credit   This is the first year he has lost out on the £150 Warm Home Discount at a time when he needs it more than ever due to rising energy bills. He explained: "My energy supplier thinks this could be due to my house because I meet all the other criteria but can not be certain. "I have cut down on my energy, often relying on extra clothes to try and keep me warm. "It doesn't make sense, the house is still very cold and I was depending on the money as I do every other year." DON'T MISSinflation rate in the UK drops to 10.5% [ALERT]State pension triple lock increase means 'better year' for older Brits [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis warns millions of cash ISA savers are being underpaid [WARNING]  The man from Hull in North Yorkshire is upset by the DWP's rule change which he argues "makes no sense" - but he states the matter is made worse as his health is suffering due to the cold. He continued: "I held off putting the heating on, cooking as much and using the lights until I heard that I was getting it. I managed to the beginning of December by using extra clothing and blankets. "I was very upset and disappointed when I found out that I was not getting the payment. I had to ring my energy company to find out if I was because I had not heard anything from them. "A couple of weeks later I was admitted to hospital due to my leg stiffening up and falling in my house. This has started to happen when I get ill or my leg gets cold due to my MS." A change to the rules means people who live in flats, bungalows and small houses won't receive the lifeline this year despite the fact they rely on the state pension, disabillity benefits such as PIP and low income benefits to survive. Mum-of-five Louisa Smith, from Leicester, whose husband has cancer, said it is "frankly disgusting" people are going to miss out on this "vital support". She said: "I assumed I would qualify for this again since I did last year and was actually relying on this to get my family through the winter. "Many low-income families who are forced to live in smaller properties, the majority of which will be in some sort of disrepair or in dire need of updating, are going to miss out on this vital support due to this change in the way the scheme is operated."  Express.co.uk contacted the Government's Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy, which was responsible for changing the criteria.  