The Queen Consort was photographed arriving at the University of Aberdeen where she received a beautiful bouquet of flowers from two little girls from the Rocking Horse Nursey. Camilla visited the university's new Science Teaching Hub to view demonstrations in the university's labs and met some of the students. For the occasion, Camilla chose one of her favourite green ensembles: a forest green coat dress with tartan detail which she has worn on other occasions. Underneath the coat dress, the Queen Consort seemed to be wearing a white blouse, and for shoes, she opted for a pair of stylish brown boots. Due to the cold weather in Scotland today, Camilla arrived at the event wearing a maxi scarf in purple and brown tones around her shoulders. For jewellery, the monarch sported a pair of pearl drop earrings, a gold bracelet and a watch with a brown leather strap. READ MORE: 'World's oldest makeup' look mature women should avoid - pictures Interestingly, the Queen chose this exact same outfit to attend the Braemar Highland Gathering, also in Scotland, with Charles and Princess Anne last year. Despite donning the same coat, ruffled shirt and boots, on that occasion, the royal elevated her look by adding a very cute hat with a brown and red feather. Queen Camilla was all smiles today in her first appearance since the release of Prince Harry's book and memoir, Spare. Among other revelations, in his book Prince Harry claimed that he and Prince William asked their father not to marry Camilla before the wedding.  Why do royals always wear coat dresses? Coat dresses are one of the favourite options in terms of style among royal women and Daena Borrowman, marketing manager at jewellerybox explained why. The fashion expert said that there is a royal protocol that dictates that women should never take off their coats or jackets in public. "Royal women are expected to keep their coats on at social events and disrobing in public is perceived as distasteful according to royal protocol." This is "why so many royal women prefer coat dresses," said the expert. Camilla, in particular, loves green and she always opts for the hue when visiting Scotland. READ MORE: Harry should have 'difficult but necessary gesture' to 'avoid another' However, many royals have been spotted breaking this royal rule before, including the Princess of Wales. Kate reportedly "took off her coat whilst attending an indoor event" recently but this is not the only fashion rule that royals have to follow. Royal protocol states that members of the Royal Family have to wear a specific colour depending on the country their visiting. Daena explained: "Whilst touring abroad, royal protocol dictates that royal women also honour local history and traditions by sporting the colours of the country they are in." Senior royals usually wear a shade of deep green when they are in Scotland, and the late Queen Elizabeth was often spotted in her green countryside outfits while in Balmoral. Experts at verywellmind.com explained: “For many people, the colour green has strong associations with nature… it is often described as a refreshing and tranquil colour." Green represents balance, nature, spring, and rebirth and it is "also thought to relieve stress and help heal,” the experts said. Back when Camilla wore this exact same outfit, royal fan @from.birkhall.with.love commented that she looked "wonderful and lovely" and another one said Camilla "looked glorious".