Prince Harry revealed that he cried only once after his mother, Diana, Princess of Wales died when he was just 12 years old. During his first interview about his memoir 'Spare' the Duke of Sussex said he feels guilty for not weeping publicly, revealing that he only cried at a private burial service. During the interview, Harry tells ITV's Tom Brady: "Everyone knows where they were and what they were doing the night my mother died. “I cried once, at the burial, and you know I go into detail about how strange it was and how actually there was some guilt that I felt and I think William felt as well, by walking around the outside of Kensington Palace."  During the 90-minute interview, Prince Harry continued to say that he has looked back over footage from the time of Diana's death. He said: "And the wet hands that we were shaking, we couldn’t understand why their hands were wet, but it was all the tears that they were wiping away. “Everyone thought and felt like they knew our mum, and the two closest people to her, the two most loved people by her, were unable to show any emotion in that moment.”  The interview comes ahead of the official release of Prince Harry's tell-all memoir. The book was leaked in Spain several days ahead of the release date, revealing several bombshell claims from the Duke of Sussex surrounding his upbringing and relationship with his family. In the book, Harry claimed his brother Prince William attacked him in a confrontation surrounding his relationship with Meghan Markle. Pages from 'Spare' also share personal details from the Duke's life, including how many soldiers he killed during his two tours of Afghanistan. READ MORE:Prince Harry puts Meghan Markle and his children in 'immediate' danger He accused the Prince of Wales of branding Meghan "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive". Harry wrote that William "grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and knocked me to the floor". He alleges his older brother urged him to hit back, citing fights they had as children, but Harry refused and William left before returning and apologising.  Both Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace have said they will not comment on claims made in the book, the same response they gave to Meghan and Harry's recent Netflix docuseries. Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10th. 