Idaho murder suspect Bryan Kohberger, 28, demonstrated a "pattern" of "misogynistic extremism" and could have been driven to kill his four victims because of "rage" he felt towards the "attractive and popular" students. The criminology graduate could have also been an incel who hated women because of possible difficulties he faced in establishing romantic relationships, an expert told Express.co.uk. Forensic psychiatrist Carole Lieberman M.D said: "In my opinion, the killer is an Incel.  Bryan Kohberger, a criminology graduate and PhD student from Washington State University, is accused of stabbing to death Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Madison Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and her boyfriend Ethan Chapin, 20, on November 13. Following the murders, Ms Lieberman said Kohberger would exhibit certain signs including obsessively following news reports about the crime and having increased confidence, as he would feel "he got back at all the Stacys and Chads and isn’t a loser anymore". The 28-year-old student will also likely have belonged to incel chatrooms and "couldn’t help but drop little hints that the killer was him", she said. Lieberman's comments back up claims Kohbeger had joined online chat forums to speak about the murders in the aftermath of the incident before he was arrested. READ MORE: CCTV shows people running and screaming after Euston shooting Former FBI agent Jennifer Coffindaffer said Kohberger could have been the person or persons making claims about the quadruple homicide case, using the Facebook and Redditor handles "Pappa Rodger" and "InsideLooking". Both accounts made allegations about the murders that turned out to be factually accurate, as well as offering a correct timeline of the gruesome night. According to his phone records, Kohberger returned to the scene of the crime hours after the murders took place, which is often associated with incel attacks who "like to be known for when they kill people", Ms Lieberman said. Similar to Ms Liberman's observation, Leonard Adam Sipes, Jr - a criminology professor and former crime specialist for the Department of Justice - told Express.co.uk: "It’s possible that Bryan Kohberger had issues with women".  He questioned whether Kohberger engaged in "misogynistic extremism" and "hated women". The creator of crime research site CrimeinAmerica said: "The alleged killer of three women and one male college student in Moscow, Idaho indicates a pattern that possibly fits the term". "Hatred of women, and the gender-based violence that is associated with it, requires increased attention from everyone with a role in public safety. Regardless of whether an individual self-affixes a label to their extremist beliefs, such as 'incel' or 'anti-feminist,' the individual’s behaviour should remain the primary focus", Mr Sipes added. Kohberger, who has not yet entered a plea to four counts of murder and one of felony burglary, is expected back in court on June 26.