The King is set to make his own mark with his Coronation as the royal sets forth how his reign will break tradition for a modernised monarchy. It has been reported that the most private moment of the ceremony may be shown in public for the first time at Charles’ coronation. The most sacred part of the ceremony is when the Archbishop of Canterbury anoints the hands, breast, and head of the monarch with holy oil. This honour is traditionally veiled from the public as seen at the coronation of Queen Elizabeth in 1953. The anointment of the former sovereign saw a canopy made of gold cloth held over her head. Reports in The Telegraph claim that the King will have a transparent canopy which will allow the public to see the anointing for the first time. The canopy is traditionally carried and held over the Monarch by the Barons of the Cinque Ports or Knights of the Garter. Charles may instead decide to have the scholars of Christ’s Hospital carry his canopy. The boarding school offers an education to less privileged children. The modernised coronation will celebrate the multi-faith nature of the UK, diversity, refugees and service. It is thought that the Royal School of Needlework has begun work on the King’s tradition-breaking canopy. The 74-year-old monarch is also expected to wear a military uniform instead of traditional royal dress to reflect a “modern 21st century monarchy”. READ MORE: Astrologer predicts line of succession changes The three-day spectacular event will see the official crowning on the Saturday with a parade and the royals gathered on the balcony of Buckingham Palace. The following day, there will be a large concert staged at Windsor Castle and the bank holiday Monday in honour of the King has been dedicated to volunteering. Charles will be crowned with the St Edward’s Crown, made in 1661 for the coronation of King Charles II. During the 90-minute ceremony, Camilla will be crowned next to her husband but it is not known which crown she will wear. DON'T MISS:Abandoned newborn baby found 'screaming' on a hill (REVEAL)Sixth police officer 'relieved of duty' over Tyre Nichols beating (INSIGHT)Trump calls for supporters to cough up cash to 'crush' Biden (INSIGHT) The initial plan was for the Queen to wear the Koh-i-noor, the Queen Mother’s Crown from 1937. However, the controversy’s surrounding the famous diamond means it may not be used as it would overshadow the ceremony and go against the image of modernisation that Charles hopes to show. A source told The Times: “I would have thought they would err towards keeping India happy. “The priority is the Commonwealth these days, and diversity. Those are the two very important things going on.”