Liverpool are expected to have a quiet January transfer deadline day today but with the unpredictability of the final few hours of the winter window, several deals still remain possible. The Reds have made just one signing this month, recruiting forward Cody Gakpo from PSV for an initial £37million. Jurgen Klopp’s side are in need of midfielders but look set to wait until the summer to reshape their squad. Then, Naby Keita, James Milner and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain will run out of contract and top target Jude Bellingham of Borussia Dortmund will become available. Wolves’ Matheus Nunes is another target. Liverpool opted against signing the Portugal international last summer and they would have surely moved this month were it not for FIFA rules which mean he would be ineligible to play for the Merseyside club until next season. That’s because he has already played for both Sporting Lisbon and Wolves this term. One midfielder who could potentially be a late addition today though is Sheffield United’s Sander Berge. Liverpool’s interest in the Norwegian dates back to his days at Genk, who they played in the Champions League group stages in 2019-20. Genk’s sporting director back then confirmed the Premier League giants were following him “carefully”. Berge, 24, did not play for Sheffield United against Wrexham in the FA Cup on Sunday and manager Paul Heckingbottom explained: “He's not here because we have been asked not to use him. Our club is speaking to other clubs regarding him. It's a club decision to protect that asset.” MUST READ: Arsenal 'eyeing Youri Tielemans bid' as Caicedo struggles continue The Blades are under a transfer embargo and need to pay off debts Berge could be available for less than the club-record £22m they paid in 2020. That leaves the door open to a late swoop. But Newcastle are also exploring a deal and look more probable suitors having allowed Jonjo Shelvey to depart for Nottingham Forest. Klopp, after all, said at the weekend: “No, no, nothing will happen in this transfer window. That’s it, all good.” And the German is unlikely to be bluffing. More likely is that Liverpool’s final 24 hours of the window will be concentrated on exits. But in contrast to previous years, there may not be many of those either. The Reds are not in a position to allow many players to depart although one on the verge of an exit is back-up defender Nat Phillips. DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Ten Hag 'has held De Jong transfer talks' as details dropArsenal told of two Caicedo alternatives for Arteta after bid rejectedTottenham target Porro 'distraught' as deal at risk over £2.6m dispute Phillips could be headed to Galatasaray for £10m although a loan-to-buy deal is also possible. Clubs in Germany are also keen on the dependable defender who only stayed in the summer due to an injury to Virgil van Dijk. Rhys Williams has been recalled from a loan spell at Blackpool in order to facilitate a departure for Phillips. Oxlade-Chamberlain is the only other first-team player who could potentially depart today. He is out of contract in the summer and has been linked with a move to Brighton to reunite with ex-Liverpool team-mate Adam Lallana. The 29-year-old has dropped back out of Klopp’s team since Gakpo’s arrival but it has been said Brighton would only make a move if Liverpool were willing to let him leave for nothing before 11pm. That is highly unlikely given their midfield struggles, meaning his move away from Anfield is expected to come in July instead. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE