A family is living in fear after racists sprayed vile death threats on its council home. The 33-year-old mum, who asked not be named, said the nightmare attack prompted her five children to ask: "Is someone going to hurt us?" Despicable graffiti, including "p*** scum out", "dead", and "ISIS out", along with the St George's cross, appeared on an outside wall, window, door, back gate and paving slab at the family home, in Acocks Green, Birmingham, on Monday. The terrified family are all now sleeping in one room in a desperate attempt to feel safe. The council and police are aware of the attack, and it has been arranged for the graffiti to be removed from the property. But, talking to Birmingham Live, the mother said: "I'm a mother of five children - the youngest being eight oldest being 14 - they are all terrified and ask me daily - 'Is someone going to hurt us?' I wish the council could do more or the local authority as it's scary not knowing who has done this, why and what will they do next. "I'm currently sleeping in one room with my family as I don't know if someone is going break in and hurt me or my family. It's a really horrible feeling." Mystery vandals also threw dog excrement at her door and it has been repeatedly kicked loudly in the middle of the night. Her waste bin also ended up in a canal nearby. The mum added: "I switched tenancy with my Birmingham City Council house in November 2021 but I have had nothing but trouble. It's been a nightmare move. The worst ever. "I lived at my previous property for many years without any problems. Someone graffitied the back of the house with death threats and racial abuse. "I have had my bin chucked Into the canal, door gets kicked regularly and loudly in the middle of the night on different days. I get racial abuse. I've had dog poo thrown at my door now to start the new year.  "I'm quite scared as I am being racially targeted and fear for my family safety. I've been a Birmingham city council tenant for 14 years this is the first time in my life I have experienced something like this. It's absolutely shocking. I don't feel like I can live here anymore or make this place my happy home for me and my children." A Birmingham City Council spokesperson said: "We are in touch partners and the family regarding their concerns regarding anti-social behaviour and have arranged for the graffiti to be removed from their home." In a statement, West Midlands Police said: "We were called on 17 January to Acocks Green after concerns of racially-motivated hate crime. "Our investigation is ongoing and officers will be making contact with the victim to provide an update. Anyone with information can contact us on 101 or via Live Chat on our website quoting crime number 20/32976/23."