Lorraine Kelly, 63, has not held back as she described how Prince Harry, 38, is “damaging himself” as he continues to detail his grievances with the royal household. The Duke of Sussex released his book last week to a frenzy online as he shared very intimate and personal conversations with family members. The ITV presenter said she hopes the rift can be resolved and Harry and Meghan [Markle] can "get on with [their] lives" after sharing their side of the story. Speaking to You Magazine, the Glaswegian journalist said that she still believes Prince Harry should receive an invite to his father’s coronation later this year. She said: "I don’t think the King should disinvite them. That would be silly because it’s his son no matter what. All families have fall-outs.' Speaking about the furore surrounding Harry's claims in Spare and in his Netflix documentary, she said: 'I hope they can sort it because I think it’s very damaging for Harry. He looks like a wee-damaged soul. READ MORE: Alex Jones quips Meghan Markle might be 'looking for a job' Lorraine added that she "worries" about Harry and she hopes the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's quest to tell their side of the story had been 'worth it”. It follows as she shared her "sadness" for the Royal Family after Harry and his wife Meghan released a Netflix series in December. Lorraine issued a stern warning to Harry and Meghan and told them they "can't come back from this", as she admitted she was heartbroken about the relationship between Harry and Prince William. She said she was "naïve" to think they all got along and that she felt "very sad" that the Royal Family don't "work together" but fought for the limelight for their charities. Lorraine also discussed more of the debacle when she was joined by royal expert Russell Myers on Friday’s episode of her self-titled ITV show. The pair went into detail about the latest quotes which have been released from Prince Harry’s memoir with the host cringing as Russell read out extracts. Russell remarked: “It even goes into detail about his being circumcised… frostbite on his private parts.” Shaking her finger at Russell, Lorraine exclaimed: “Don’t need to know that thank you! Don’t need to know about Prince Harry’s willy.” DONT MISS:Stacey Solomon shares new pregnancy video as unborn baby kicks (PHOTOS)Katy Perry is branded a 'wax figure' in selfie with Gywneth Paltrow (NEWS)Lisa Marie Presley 'barely left house' after heartbreaking struggles (LATEST) “Moving on swiftly to Wills being a bit tipsy the morning after his wedding, saying you could smell the rum on his breath as they were making their way to the wedding,” Russell continued. “And even losing his virginity aged 17 in a field. I would just give you some of the feast we have in front of us on this. “Some of the shocking quotes are from Harry, in his own words, losing his virginity was a ‘humiliating episode with an older woman who liked macho horses and treated me like a young stallion.’” Laughing, Lorraine teased: “Oh stop it! I can’t handle it. Please stop.” However, Russell continued reading: “I must go on. "I mounted her quickly, one of my many mistakes was letting it happen in a field behind a very busy pub, no doubt somebody had seen us.” Lorraine was open-mouthed as she cringed: “Oh my God.”