Manchester United let Edinson Cavani go back in the summer. And Louis Saha has now compared the Uruguay international to Ruud van Nistelrooy, while insisting his old side need a proven goalscorer at the tip of their attack. The South American hitman is now playing for Valencia over in La Liga, having been allowed to leave at the end of last season. Manchester United signed Cavani back in the summer transfer window of 2020 after missing out on Jadon Sancho, who had been their main target. And the Uruguay international then netted 17 goals across all competitions during his maiden season at Old Trafford. Cavani struggled last term, however, following the Hollywood homecoming of Cristiano Ronaldo - who touched own from Juventus. He’s now playing at Valencia in Spain after United decided to let him leave on a free transfer. And Saha, speaking to Betfred, has now compared Cavani to former United team-mate Van Nistelrooy - while imploring his old side to land Victor Osimhen from Napoli. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “I want to give Weghorst a chance because he’s an international striker who can give Manchester United a solution,” he said. “Of course I’d have loved to have seen them sign a forward like Victor Osimhen. I think he was a missed target two years ago when he left Lille for Napoli. “He should have already been signed but now his price is going to be even more than what Napoli paid for him. “He’s a player that’s very physical and clinical in front of goal as well as being very technically gifted. “There aren’t many players that fit his profile in Europe and it’s not easy to find strikers who’re as clinical as he is and are capable of being the difference.” DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see When quizzed on if Osimhen would need time to adjust to the Premier League, he added: “Yes, but every player needs time to adapt to the Premier League. “Serie A is very physical and you need to be very tactically aware. “When Manchester United signed Edinson Cavani, you had a player that knew where the goal was and you want to see the club sign a striker who can smell the goal, like Ruud Van Nistelrooy or Andy Cole. “Osimhen is one of those forwards, that’s for sure. He’s done it with Lille, he’s doing it with Napoli and wherever he goes he’s going to be terrific.” Another player being linked with a move to United is Tottenham’s Harry Kane. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Saha thinks the Spurs striker will win the Premier League title if he decides to make the move to Old Trafford. “If Harry Kane goes to Manchester United, then I can guarantee that he’s going to win the Premier League,” he said. “You can’t ask for much more as he knows the Premier League and he’s scored so many goals for Tottenham and the national team. “With Manchester United’s current set-up and their approach to games tactically, then having a forward that can come into that team and score you 25 goals a season will be the last piece of the puzzle. “You need somebody who can do the big job and the big job is to score 25 to 30 goals.” Saha has also give Wout Weghorst a vote of confidence, insisting the Netherlands international can thrive following his loan move from Burnley. “We are looking for goals and in his first two games he’s been given the chance to try and adapt as quickly as possible,” he said. “The team is playing well so he has the best platform to do that. He definitely needs to get his head on more crosses and he needs more crosses into the box. “I can see an [Kylian] Mbappé and [Olivier] Giroud relationship developing between Weghorst and Rashford. He’s a very traditional striker and can give the team balance up top.”