Monty Don took to social media and shared his worry as his beloved gardens at his Herefordshire home is currently been submerged in water. The Gardeners' World presenter issued a plea admitting he would prefer for the water to "rise no further". It comes after six flood warnings are currently in place in Herefordshire following more heavy rain. The BBC favourite took to Instagram today and shared a result of the rainfall which now surrounds his home and his beloved gardens. Taking to the picture-sharing site, Monty, 67, penned: "View from the kitchen window this afternoon," as floodwaters covered the broadcaster's surrounding land. He was swiftly inundated with messages of support as people urged the gardening expert to stay safe. READ MORE: Jack Nicholson's pals fear Hollywood star, 85, has become a recluse Social media user 134 commented: "That looks alarming. I suppose these annual events keep the soil nice and fertile in and around Longmeadow?" Karen remarked: "That's not good... stay safe." Cat wrote: "Similar to mine close to Los Angeles." Em quizzed: "Yikes… what’s the plan if it gets any worse?" Monty took to Twitter on Thursday and shared a series of photos following the flooding at his home, which is not uncommon to take place each year, but it comes as urgent weather warnings have been issued for the area. He tweeted: "The garden is sitting under the familiarity of a jolly good flood. Thus far, no harm to plants or people. But I would prefer it to rise no further..." Twitter user, Catherine mused: "Oh my soul." Painshill wrote: "Oh dear, we hope it doesn't rise any further for you. The waters have been high here in Cobham too this week but thankfully no flooding as yet. We weren't so fortunate back in November, as the second two photos show. Best Wishes." DON'T MISS... Lisa Marie Presley 'rushed to hospital' after suffering cardiac arrest[LATEST]Brad Pitt and Margot Robbie reunite as she steals the show in cape[PICTURES]Escape to the Chateau's Angel Strawbridge admits issues at home[ADMISSION] Kathleen added: "Crikey, stay safe everyone." Six flood warnings are currently in place in Herefordshire following more heavy rain. An "act now" warning has been issued when flooding is expected, meaning that properties are at risk. Residents are advised to turn off glass, water and electricity, move things upstairs or to safety, and move family, pets and cars to safety. The warnings, issued by the Environment Agency, are in force for the River Wye between Hay-on-Wye and Hereford, north Hereford and south Hereford, as well as the River Arrow at Eardisland and the River Lugg at Kenwater. More rain is forecast for Wales and Herefordshire in the coming days, with Met Office issuing yellow warnings for rain. Further persistent rain and strong wind continued on Thursday, with blustery showers and strong winds expected on Friday and Saturday. Gardeners' World is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.