Reports in Italy claim Manchester United are in advanced negotiations to sign Fulham right-back Kevin Mbabu in a shock swoop to bolster Erik ten Hag's options at full-back. The bizarre claims appear to suggest a deal could be close for the Swiss international, who only moved to Craven Cottage from Wolfsburg last summer ahead of the 2022/23 season. Yet Mbabu has barely featured under Marco Silva, making just six appearances in the Premier League thus far for the high-flying Cottagers. Now TuttoMercatoWeb are claiming he could be set for a swift departure from west London with United and Italian side Monza named as two potential destinations. The questionable report even goes as far as saying negotiations are at an advanced stage over a move to Old Trafford. Should Mbabu make the move, it's highly unlikely that he will form part of Ten Hag's starting XI. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE United had looked set to explore the signing of a right-back this month heading into 2023 before Diogo Dalot suffered two separate injury problems. After returning from the World Cup with a hamstring injury, the Portuguese defender also went down with a problem in the Carabao Cup win over Charlton. Aaron Wan-Bissaka has seemingly turned his dwindling United career around in the past few weeks after initially looking set for the exit door this January. The tough-tackling defender has excelled on the right side of United's backline with Ten Hag's team currently on an eight-match winning streak. DON'T MISSArsenal 'contacted Mykhaylo Mudryk without permission' in fresh transfer saga twistMan Utd signing of Wout Weghorst could trigger departure after Everton 'firm up offer'Ian Wright issues apology to Everton fans after Match of the Day comments Wan-Bissaka has played a significant chunk of those matches in place of Dalot after showing impressive determination during the World Cup break to force his way back into the fold. With United currently on the heels of Arsenal and Manchester City, there is seemingly no chance Wan-Bissaka will be sold this month. Instead, it seems the Red Devils could be prepared to strengthen with another cost-effective arrival in the form of Mbabu. The Premier League's most in-form side have already landed Jack Butland and Wout Weghorst on loan deals until the end of the season to boost the numbers within the squad. United had previously looked poised to target Inter Milan wing-back Denzel Dumfries as a potential replacement for Wan-Bissaka. Chelsea and Tottenham have also been linked with moves for the Dutch World Cup star, who Inter Milan do not wish to sell. Jeremie Frimpong of Bayer Leverkusen is another player of interest to United but a move is likely to be shelved until the end of the season. United's finances are limited this month meaning loans and low-cost arrivals are the way forward for the Red Devils in January if they are to make any further acquisitions.