Upon sharing the news on Monday, January 2, 2023, the 18-time Grand Slam singles champion remained unflappable. "The double whammy is serious, but fixable, and I'm hoping for a favourable outcome," she said. "It's going to stink for a while, but I'll fight with all I have got." The 66-year-old noticed an enlarged lymph node in her neck during November's WTA (Women's Tennis Association) Finals in Fort Worth, Texas. A subsequent biopsy revealed she had stage one throat cancer; during the tests, another tumour was discovered in Martina's breast. Martina's wife, Julia Lemigova, posted to Instagram on the day the news broke with the caption: "Together, we will fight this." Cancer Research UK says throat cancer "could be in one of two main areas": pharynx or head and neck. READ MORE: Army officer, 45, left with a 'Frankenweiner' after crushing penile cancer diagnosis The charity cautioned: "The symptoms of throat cancer are often similar to symptoms of other much less serious conditions." Potential signs of throat cancer can include: Stage one throat cancer means the tumour has not spread to nearby tissues or lymph nodes.  At this stage, around 90 percent of people affected will survive their cancer for five years or more after diagnosis. The earlier any type of cancer is diagnosed, the better the outcomes are likely to be. This is because treatment can start sooner, meaning the cancer has less time to spread elsewhere in the body. Martina's breast cancer diagnosis is reportedly completely separate from her throat cancer diagnosis. READ MORE: Try eight at-home knee exercises to tackle arthritis this winter - charity recommends Breast cancer symptoms The leading charity Breast Cancer Now highlights the signs and symptoms of breast cancer, which can include: People are encouraged to check their breasts, including the upper chest to the collarbone and the armpits. Checking your breasts is as easy as TLC: Cancer Research states that one in two people born after 1960 will be diagnosed with some form of cancer during their lifetime. Women have the highest lifetime risk of breast cancer, while men have the highest lifetime risk of prostate cancer. Both sexes are at highest risk for lung and bowel cancers, which are fairly common in the UK. As soon as you suspect something unusual is happening to you inside your body, do book a doctor's appointment.