Many pensioners will be struggling with the cost of living with rising food and energy prices, particularly on a limited income. However, thousands of people could be eligible for support which extends beyond the state pension. Pension Credit is a payment designed to provide extra money to help with living costs for those over state pension age and on a low income. It tops up weekly income for £182.60 for single people, and joint weekly income to £278.70 for those who are married or have a partner. As such, couples could gain a valuable boost from the sum if they claim it. Others may be able to get extra amounts if they have other responsibilities and costs, such as if they have a severe disability, are caring for another adult, or have housing costs. READ MORE: State pension age ‘to be hiked’ as millions will work longer Some may also be eligible for Savings Credit if they: Single people will get up to £14.48, and those with a partner will get up to £16.20 per week. Pension Credit is also commonly known as a “gateway benefit”, as it opens Britons up to a wide range of support. People who qualify could also be entitled to receive other forms of help with costs. DON'T MISS700,000 people may be due state pension backpay after DWP error [INSIGHT]1950s-born woman avoids using heating as she waits for state pension [LATEST]Full list of suppliers paying you to cut energy use [UPDATE] This can include: Recent research has shown many cash-strapped pensioner homeowners are missing out on thousands of pounds. This is because they are failing to claim their full entitlement to key means-tested benefits. Just Group found that of pensioner homeowners entitled to receive benefits, some six in 10 were failing to claim anything. READ MORE: Cold Weather Payments - Full list of postcodes eligible for support The highest amount of extra unclaimed income was £79.76 per week for an octogenarian from Hertfordshire, who was receiving no benefits. Advisers found he was eligible for £51.86 per week in Pension Credit, and £27.90 a week in council tax reduction. This added up to a huge £4,147 per year in extra income, making a real difference. People can start a claim for Pension Credit up to four months before reaching state pension age. Individuals will be able to apply any time after reaching state pension age, but an application can only be backdated by three months. When applying, Britons will need the following information to hand: People are also likely to need their bank account details. Pension Credit can be claimed through the Government’s online portal, by phone, or via post.