Princess Beatrice was previously teased for her style in her younger years, the most iconic time being her hat at Kate Middleton's wedding. However, from her array of dresses from The Vampire's Wife to her Gucci bag collection and denim mini dresses recently, the royal looks incredible. In June 2022, the mother-of-one went to the National Gallery with her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi wearing the most expensive dress that she's ever worn publicly, except her wedding dress, of course, that cost £250,000. Beatrice wore the most stunning sequin dress by the high-end brand Markarian, called the "Dana Sage Sequin Gown". The billowing style cost £4,000 and it boasted a soft sage green hue, a floor-length skirt, an open-back, a V-neckline, long balloon sleeves and a black belted waistline. Royal fans could see the back of Beatrice's frock and that it had a cutout panel, showing off her skin.  READ MORE: Prince George shares a very special bond with his cousin through sport It was subtle and showed off the daughter of Prince Andrew's perfect silhouette. The £4,000 dress is still in stock if royal fans wish to look like the Princess of York. However, the model wearing the dress on the website wore a very low-cut version of the gown. When Princess Beatrice stepped out wearing the designer gown, she had clearly pinned the front of the dress together slightly, to make it more modest. The black satin belt that Beatrice wore with the dress is detachable, so royal fans can decide whether or not they want to wear it. When Beatrice stepped out wearing this outfit, she also opted for a new hairstyle she rarely showcased. Her auburn tresses were swept to the side and held back by an on-trend thick headband with a side parting. A perfectly coiffed side fringe showed a glint of some Chopard earrings from the brand's L'Heure Du Diamant collection. READ MORE: Kate and William's new home is 'such a downsize' compared to Frogmore These earrings would have been clip-on earrings, as Beatrice famously does not have her ears pierced, just like Camilla the Queen Consort. Beatrice complemented her earrings with a silver clutch bag from Tyler Ellis encrusted with Swarovski crystals. The Princess often sports long luscious curls during royal outings. From low ponytails to glam waves, her hair is always looking amazing. For the late Queen's platinum Jubilee weekend, Beatrice and Eugenie had their hair coiffed by Ben Cooke - the man behind Victoria Beckham’s iconic "pob" back in 2002.  The Princess began working with Olivia Croucher Buckingham and Lady Emily Compton. The expert told Express.co.uk: "Some attribute the change in style to the Princess getting to know herself better, maybe her style has changed as her life has changed. "For example teenagehood, marriage, children, etc. Her style has changed as she and her life have changed (perhaps why her wardrobe is a bit more refined and elegant now as opposed to some of her more bold, daring looks in previous years)."   