Former Tottenham and England star Dele Alli has been warned that his next gig could be in the fashion industry, rather than football as his career has dipped since leaving north London. The 26-year-old moved to Everton and then was sent out on loan to Turkish club Besiktas, as he struggled to recapture the form that took him to the top of the sport. Sky Sports have recently claimed that Besiktas wish to terminate his loan deal and send him back to Everton, having scored just one goal in seven appearances so far this season. However, with no break clause in the deal, he is unlikely to return to the Toffees in January despite boss Senol Gunes previously singling out the 37-cap England man for underperforming. Former Manchester United midfielder Paul Parker has insisted that Alli became a “scapegoat” at Spurs after having changed his role, while his flashy displays at the training ground at Everton could mean that he has no future at the club and Parker has tipped him for a future in fashion, rather than football. “I really liked him in his first years in Tottenham. He was amazing and he scored goals. He really enjoyed himself and couldn’t believe that he was in such a big club,” Parker told MyBettingSites. “But all of the sudden he changed his way of playing. He wanted to be a number 10, and he is not Roberto Baggio. He is Dele Alli and he should have been proud of that instead of changing himself as a player. So, it went really wrong. But the Tottenham fans were also choosing him as the scapegoat because they were in a tough situation and I think he had a tough time recovering from that. “Then he went to Everton and he turned up to the training ground with a very expensive pair of jeans, a very expensive car and he wanted to be a fashion model instead of a role model. Now he is in Turkey and they don’t even want him there. I don’t know what he will do next but maybe he can get a career in the fashion industry.”  Besiktas boss Gunes inherited Alli when he joined the club, but hasn’t been impressed by the loanee. "I couldn't affect the players [yet], now I can easily get through to them, but we haven't got through to Dele Alli yet,” he said. “Let's not discuss Dele Alli as a player, but he is below expectations in terms of efficiency." Reports in Turkey claim that Alli has until the end of January to improve his performances and convince the club that he deserves to stay, or talks will commence over his potential return to the Premier League. Everton will likely want their loan fee of around £1million paid in full as well as the agreed amount of contribution to his wages.