More than 45,000 migrants crossed the Channel to get to the UK last year, Government figures have shown - a record annual tally. Ministry of Defence offence data reveals 45,756 migrants made the dangerous voyage in flimsy dinghies in 2022, the highest total ever recorded. The final crossings of the year took place on Christmas Day, when 90 people crossed from France in two boats. The MoD recorded no further crossings for the last six days of 2022 amid bad weather conditions. The provisional annual total for 2022 is 60 percent up on the 28,526 recorded for the whole of 2021, although lower than the 60,000 that Home Office officials previously predicted could make the journey. Over the last 12 months, politicians have made several attempts to get a grip on the migrant crisis as pressure intensified amid a chaotic period which saw three Prime Ministers and three home secretaries in a matter of months. After she was appointed home secretary, Suella Braverman told of her "dream" of seeing the Government's plan to send migrants to Rwanda succeed - a policy which High Court judges have ruled is lawful, but which has thus far been stalled by legal action. Since the deal was signed in April by her predecessor Priti Patel, 40,460 more migrants have arrived in the UK after crossing the Channel. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak promised to bring in legislation in 2023 to make it "unambiguously clear that if you enter the UK illegally, you should not be able to remain here". Among a series of measures to curb Channel crossings and tackle the backlog of asylum claims, Mr Sunak vowed to stop housing asylum seekers in hotels, with the Government instead hunting for accommodation in empty holiday parks, former student halls and surplus military sites. READ MORE: We will build a better future for generations to come Ms Braverman confirmed plans to house migrants on disused cruise ships are also being considered as she revealed £3.5 billion would be spent on the asylum system in 2022/23. Some £2.3 billion of the total bill will go towards paying for hotels, she told MPs. Earlier this week, former PM Theresa May warned that efforts to reform modern slavery laws risk creating other loopholes which could be exploited after Ms Braverman claimed they are being "abused by people gaming the system" to stay in the UK when they would otherwise face deportation. Meanwhile, ministers are also looking to curb the numbers of people coming into the country legally with plans which could reportedly target foreign students, make it harder to bring spouses to the UK, and increase the minimum salaries for companies employing skilled workers. The number of migrants crossing the Channel has steadily increased since 299 people were detected in 2018. DON'T MISSPrincess Anne's hairdresser honoured by King for her 'retro bouffant' [REPORT]King Charles 'under pressure' to make key decisions in 2023 [COMMENTS]Archie and Lilibet titles hang in balance as Charles delays decision [LATEST] There were 1,843 crossings recorded in 2019 and 8,466 in 2020, according to the Home Office. August last year was the highest month on record for crossings when 8,631 people arrived in the UK after making the journey. August 22 also saw a record 1,295 migrants crossing in a single day on 27 boats. But the number of arrivals per month began to fall towards the end of 2022, which could reflect seasonal changes in the amount of crossings being attempted as a result of the weather. In December 1,745 people made the journey - slightly fewer than the 1,770 arrivals recorded in the last month of 2021.