Nothing is more annoying for TV fans than when a streaming service suddenly cancels a show they’ve been enjoying, without the story having been wrapped up. Unresolved cliffhangers are bad, but what about movies being completed and then dumped before release? Last summer, Warner Bros Discovery’s streaming service HBO Max made the controversial announcement that it would not be releasing two pretty much-finished movies. One was DC superhero movie Batgirl, which has since been wiped and the other was the animated Scooby-Doo adventure Scoob!: Holiday Haunt. It turns out Warner Bros decided it would be better to take a tax write-down on the films’ budgets as part of a new corporate strategy rather than release them. Now the latest completed films to be hit are The Inheritance directed by Alejandro Brugués and House/Wife helmed by Danis Goulet over at Netflix. However, the situation at the streaming giant is slightly different to at HBO Max, with a glimmer of hope for the movies. According to The Hollywood Reporter, it’s unclear why Netflix has dropped the two movies. Nevertheless, unlike the two HBO Max movies that will probably never be released, The Inheritance and House/Wife are looking for distribution elsewhere. Similarly, a movie based on the Comedy Central series Workaholics was shut down at Paramount+ five weeks before filming began, but like the movies mentioned is looking to be made elsewhere. Here are the synopses for the two scrapped Netflix films that may release on other platforms. READ MORE: Babylon movie cast – Brad Pitt, Margot Robbie, Tobey Maguire and more The Inheritance is set on the eve of billionaire Charles Abernathy’s 75th birthday when “he invites his four estranged children back home out of fear that tonight someone — or something — is coming to kill him. To ensure his family will help protect him from whatever’s coming, Abernathy puts each of their inheritances on the line — they’ll get nothing if he’s found dead by dawn.” Meanwhile, House/Wife’s plot follows “a mother recovering from a brutal accident moves into a prototype smart home with her family, only to find the house’s AI system may have sinister intentions.” SOURCE