Caleb Milligan (played by William Ash) made his official Emmerdale debut on Christmas Day. He is Cain Dingle's (Jeff Hordley) long-lost brother and has been getting to know the rest of the Dingle family in recent weeks. However, eagle-eyed Emmerdale fans claim to have spotted Caleb "spying" on family members when Al Chapman (Michael Wildman) was still alive. Businessman Al was murdered by Cain's 10-year-old son Kyle Winchester (Huey Quinn) in October as part of the soap's dramatic 50th-anniversary storyline. Cain has been willing to take the fall for his son's crime, but the youngster is struggling more with his guilt as each day passes. Caleb had been sending letters to Cain for weeks and he finally visited the prison to speak with him at Christmas. Hard man Cain was not keen on seeing his brother after 30 years apart and warned Caleb to stay away from Emmerdale.  READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer However, Caleb failed to listen to his incarcerated brother and has been spending weeks getting to know Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) who is his half-sister. He has also introduced himself to the rest of the Dingle clan, but his motives for returning to the village are not clear yet. Viewers have been taking to social media with their theories about Caleb, with some believing he was in the village before Christmas. One social media user [NO NAME] wrote: "I think he has been spying on them for a while, it’s creepy.”  Another [NO NAME] shared: "I think Caleb was the one watching Chas and Al at the bridge that time, there’s more to him. "Why would he tell Kyle he’s the uncle when he was told not to? Sly,” another said." They were referencing a scene in October where Chas and Al were having a heart-to-heart on the village bridge while they were cheating on their partners. Caleb instantly recognised Chas at Christmas when he found her in the local graveyard about to scatter their mother Faith Dingle's (Sally Dexter) ashes. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans spot 'blunder' as Leyla rushes to Jacob after stabbing [REACTION]Emmerdale’s Paddy Kirk star details 'uncomfortable’ filming scenes  [INTERVIEW]Emmerdale spoilers: Mackenzie's lies unravel as Chloe hospitalised [UPDATE] Did Caleb know who she was from spying on her before Al's tragic death? Roberta James penned: "I can’t take to Caleb, he's always turning up and listening to others' conversations, he’s very creepy!" Kirst Beaton added: "Something dodgy about Caleb. I just know he’s not as trustworthy as he’s making out." Lauren remarked: "Something is just not sitting right with Caleb, he’s defo got some sort of ulterior motive #Emmerdale."  Owen commented: "I don’t get why Moira [Barton] is so trusting of Caleb already, there’s something off about him. #Emmerdale." Emmerdale producer Laura Shaw recently told Express.co.uk and other media: "Calm and in control, rich and successful, at first glance Caleb is everything his brother [Cain] isn't, but will the pair find they have more in common than they thought? "What secrets from the past will come back to haunt them?" Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV. 