After continuous calls for Prince Harry to be scrapped of his royal title, it has been reported that King Charles III will "let Harry keep his Sussex title" as part of new incentives ahead of the King's coronation, which will take place in May. The monarch is understood to want his son to attend the historic event, despite the publication of his memoir, Spare. It has been reported that the King, who ascended the throne in September, wants his youngest son and daughter-in-law, Meghan Marke, at the coronation but has offered them a choice of incentive in the hope they will be in attendance. Despite the recent fallout over Harry's bombshell memoir, Spare, it has been claimed that the King confided in the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby over a potential agreement that could pave a way for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to attend. However, a source told the Mail On Sunday that the Duke of Sussex could be offered a "high-profile seating position" at the coronation, or the reassurance that he will be able to keep his royal title as an "inducement" to be present for his father's big day. Speaking to the newspaper, a source said: "Harry's camp made clear that the idea that he would just attend the Coronation and behave himself but then be stripped of his titles was a total non-starter. READ MORE: 'We pay for the coronation!' Piers Morgan warns Charles against inviting Meghan and Harry "While he might decide at some point to discard his titles of his own volition, he objects to the idea of being forcibly stripped of them." The source also added that Harry "resents being lumped together with Andrew in the public mind as the two 'problem Princes'", adding that the 38-year-old "considers the circumstances to be totally different". Speculation has been rife over whether Harry and Meghan will attend the coronation, which is scheduled for May 6, has been a constant. It has been three years since the couple notified the world of their decision to step down as senior working royals. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'brings out the worst in Harry' after 'charming' the prince Harry's book, which was released earlier this month, contained various damaging allegations towards some members of the Royal Family, including his elder brother, and heir to the throne, Prince William. It has also been reported that Charles could set the record straight about Harry's recent allegations in an upcoming landmark BBC interview. Palace aides are discussing the possibility that the King could use the interview to give his side to Harry's claims in both his book and recent explosive accompanying interviews. DON'T MISS Harry out for 'revenge' as he launches new 24-page report with Meghan [INSIGHT]Kate releases powerful animation to promote campaign close to heart [ANALYSIS]Prince Louis’ £8,000 gift from Harry paid tribute to Diana [REPORT] Amid speculation over Meghan and Harry's attendance, the coronation is also set to take place on their son Archie's birthday. Archie, who is one of the King's five grandchildren, will turn four on May 6. Meghan and Harry's son was less than a year-old when his parents stepped down as senior working royals and moved to the US. His younger sister, Lilibet Diana, was born in the US in June 2021.