Michael Schumacher’s former Ferrari team boss Jean Todt would have been a better replacement for Mattia Binotto than Frederic Vasseur, according to Juan Pablo Montoya. Binotto left the team at the end of last season after Scuderia failed to fulfil its early season potential.  Michael Schumacher's former boss tipped to be 'better' Mattia Binotto replacement Alfa Romeo boss Vasseur took over the position but appears hesitant to make any major changes. Ex-McLaren star Montoya stressed Todt would have been his choice for the role as he had the respect of the garage. The Colombian also added that Todt would have the “balls” to change things at the Prancing Horse. Montoya told Motorsport.com: “I thought they were going to put Jean Todt in this position. To be honest, that would have been my choice. “I don’t know if he wanted the job but he was the guy who did the job before and I think everyone respects him enough that nobody pisses him off. READ MORE: F1 chief agrees with new Ferrari boss over calls for rules changes “He doesn’t need the job so when you don’t need the job and you don’t care [losing it], I think you have more balls to make the right decisions. But I hope [Ferrari] will do a good job. It’s quite surprising, their car was so strong in the beginning [of 2022] and they didn’t exploit it well.” Vasseur has confirmed it would be “arrogant” to take action just weeks into the job. The Frenchman has also stressed that Leclerc would not be made the team’s number one driver, continuing Binotto’s preference for equal treatment. However, reports suggest it was Binotto’s commitment to not side with Leclerc which may have contributed to a souring of tensions between him and the Monegasque. But Vasseur previously worked with Leclerc when the 25-year-old was at Sauber, which could play to the pair’s advantage. DON'T MISSMichael Schumacher was 'loved' by ex-Ferrari owner [INSIGHT]Ferrari doubts raised by F1 fans as Charles Leclerc plots revenge [ANALYSIS]Charles Leclerc tipped for heartache as Hamilton and Verstappen battle [COMMENT] Vasseur has also confirmed he is reluctant to make changes to personnel and instead focusing on communication updates. The ex-Alfa boss is the team’s fifth team principal in a decade amid an era of changes. In that time, Mercedes and Red Bull have continued to stick with Toto Wolff and Christian Horner despite both squads spending at least a season off the top. Montoya added: “One of the difficult things with Ferrari is that no-one feels like they have job security, everyone is waiting for you to make a misstep so they can fire you. “That’s how I see it from the outside. Look at Toto, you know Toto’s not going anywhere. Look at Christian or Helmut [Marko], they’re not going anywhere.”