Suella Braverman has warned the Tories will not be forgiven if they do not stop Channel migrant crossings. The Home Secretary, a darling of the right of the party, said the issue could cost the Conservatives the next general election. Mrs Braverman called on Tory MPs to get behind the Government's efforts to crack down on small boat crossings. Ministers may introduce the Illegal Immigration (Offences) Bill that would give the Government powers to prevent migrants who arrive illegally from claiming asylum in the UK as early as next week. On the consequences if the Government fails to get a grip on the issue, Mrs Braverman told the Telegraph: “I just don’t think we’ll be forgiven. "We need to earn the trust of the British people on all issues and every single day we’re in government. "This issue is of huge frustration to many, many people that I meet but also the British people at large. “I believe my reputation and the reputation of the Conservative party is on the line here. "It’s about competence, and it’s about being faithful to the British people who put us in office to fix this problem." The Home Secretary added that the Tories need to stop the Channel crossings "no ifs, no buts" in order to stay in power next time the country takes to the polls. She said: "The British people are rightly fed up with this problem that has now gone on for years, and I really do think that it’s the last chance for the Government to get this right.” It comes as there are divisions within the Conservatives on how far to go to tackle the issue. Some MPs are demanding that the UK withdraws from the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR). Legal challenges have so far grounded the Government's plan to send asylum seekers on a one-way ticket to Rwanda. But Prime Minister Rishi Sunak is under intense pressure to stop people making the dangerous journey from France in rubber boats. In a new year speech, he made the issue one of his five priorities for 2023. It comes as 1,180 migrants have arrived in the UK after crossing the Channel this year. A record 45,755 people made the perilous journey last year, according to the latest Government figures. 