In interviews conducted over a year, Shamima Begum reflected on her battle to have her UK citizenship restored. GB News host Dan Wootton invited social media commentator June Slater onto his show to discuss the BBC’s decision to give Shamima a platform with the podcast. June began: “It's the BBC and they're so out of touch with what the audience needs and wants to see. “We’ve got so many problems at the moment before this. “We’ve got jails full of people that are remorseful for what they did,” she continued. “And this girl who has turned into a woman is apparently remorseful but what she’s accused of and what’s she done, for many people I’ve gone on Twitter today, Radio 5 thread, I’ve been my Facebook pages, I’ve got 1000 messages from people disgusted with the BBC and saying there’s no way she should come back so they’re not interested in her story.” Read more: Hamza Yassin reunites with Strictly partner after romance rumours “The thing is to do this is expensive stuff, they’ve got Josh Baker who is a critically acclaimed film maker, he’s got excellent credentials, there’s not taking away the calibre of people they’ve employed to do this,” she shared. “But that’s not the point, the point is the BBC pays for this out of our taxes, the licence fee is a tax.” Dan claimed the BBC “want [Shamima] back in the country” because the podcast is titled “I’m Not a Monster”. “Well they’re not getting much support on social media but unfortunately the BBC is a law onto itself,” June replied. “You’ve got Gary Lineker with his excessive wages, you’ve got pensioners now paying for the licence fee because it’s quite easy to demand money off of people when you don’t have to earn it.” June compared the broadcaster to independent stations that rely on advertising venue. “The quality of the film making will be very good which is another annoying thing. “The trouble is with someone like this girl she’s been there, she’s been amongst these people, do you think these people are ever going to let go of her? DON'T MISSHappy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire [INSIGHT]Call the Midwife stars speak out on roles away from BBC series [INTERVIEW]BBC Breakfast fans distracted by 'sharp' Johnny Vegas' appearance [VIDEO] “What if she is allowed back and then these terrorists that she’s made contact with threaten her or her family in some way to get her to act again. “You’re never away from it, it’s like working for the mafia it doesn’t matter how much you want to leave, do you ever leave?” In the first episode of the podcast, Shamima insisted she is “not a bad person”. Shamima hit out at the British media for the anger many feel towards her. “I don’t think it’s actually towards me,” she said. “I think it’s towards Isis. When they think of Isis they think of me because I’ve been put on the media so much.” The interviewer pointed out the coverage was a result of her decision to join Islamic State. She added: “But what was there to obsess over, we went to Isis that was it, it was over, it was over and done with, what more is there to say?” Dan Wootton Tonight airs on GB News on weekdays at 9pm.