Season three of Happy Valley marks the last outing of the BAFTA-winning Sally Wainwright show. The programme has been envisioned as a trilogy and will be bowing out after this run has aired on the BBC. However, there was a sizeable gap between the second and third outings - but what was the reason for this and how much time has passed? Happy Valley was last on screens back in 2016 with seven years between the second outing and the final one. Creator and director Wainwright always planned for a huge gap between the seasons as part of her vision for the story. Wainwright wanted actor Rhys Connah, who plays Ryan Cawood the son of psychopath Tommy Lee Royce (played by James Norton), to grow older and reprise the role rather than recasting him. Connah first appeared in Happy Valley back in 2014 when he was just eight-years-old and is now in his teens. READ MORE: Happy Valley season 3: Everything we know so far about the new series Along with starring in Happy Valley, Connah also appeared in Wainwright’s To Walk Invisible: The Brontë Sisters, The White Princess, The Messenger and The Snow Maze. Most recently, he starred in The Runaways before returning to Happy Valley which marks his most high-profile role to date. Speaking to media including Express.co.uk, Happy Valley executive producer Will Johnston said: “Sally and Sarah [Lancashire] made this really conscious decision at the end of series two that it would only return once more after a seven-year gap. “And the two vital things is that Ryan is now at an age to make his own decisions about his life and the relationships in it and Catherine is on the brink of retirement. And those felt like such juicy things to explore. “In the police you have to retire at a certain age, so it was really prescribed that it would return after this gap.” Sadly, he also confirmed this would be the very last outing and there would be no more episodes after both Wainwright and lead star Lancashire - who is better known as hard-nosed Yorkshire cop Catherine Cawood - made the joint decision to end on a trilogy. Reflecting on co-star Connah, Siobhan Finneran, who portrays Clare Cartwright, said: “He has less energy than he did when he was nine. Yeah, he’s great.” Reflecting on the sequences between Clare and Catherine, Finneran said: “It’s like coming home those scene and I think having had a break from it, that those scenes with me and Sarah does feel like familiar and ‘oh, we’re back at home’ doing the cups of tea chats and all that kind of thing.” Moreover, Norton said it was a “unique” experience coming back to Happy Valley after so long with most shows only having a gap of one or two years between seasons. Interestingly, the Grantchester star said in the interim all the characters had had time to “ferment” and continued to exist without being played. Therefore, when Norton again put on the mantle of Tommy, the character had gone through a period of development. Physically, Tommy had grown out his shaved head and was now sporting a long mane of shoulder-length hair, which he said Wainwright wanted in order to give him a “Christ-like” look and show his own change during this period. DON'T MISS...This Morning fans 'switch off' Holly and Phillip as they blast special [VIEWER REACTION]Bradley Walsh says 'I'm going' as he mocks Cliff Richard [VIDEO]BBC viewers 'switch off' Sports Personality Of the Year [INSIGHT] Teasing how the show would end and Tommy’s arc, Norton went on to say: “Let’s just say, Sally’s signature, I mentioned it earlier, that the rug pulled, I think there’s a few of those still to come. “It gets bigger and bigger and more expansive and surprising right until the end and for us. “You think you know the character and then there’s this whole potential other route they can take and that’s the beauty of Sally’s writing.” The cast and crew remained tight-lipped about how the show would end, but they did say there would be a definite ending to the story which would hopefully leave the audience satisfied. Happy Valley airs on BBC One tonight at 9pm