During the run-up to Christmas, episodes of the ITV chatshow were pre-recorded and took a look back at their best bits throughout the year. However, as Andi and Josie opened the first show back in 2023, viewers were left annoyed at Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield's absence. Introducing the show Andi said: "Hello and welcome to your Tuesday's This Morning," before Josie added: "But this isn't any old This Morning, this is your first of 2023!" Andi joked: "The A-Team are in, everybody in the studio, the full-timers are back working... Oh no, we're stand-ins, sorry." However, fans were left angered by Holly and Phil's absence, with @Mabel_Mouse_ tweeting "B****y Hell! How many weeks do Phil and Holly need off?" @DavidMackayy commented: "Philip and Holly taking more time off, bah!!!" READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer @selz_j expressed: "The lazy ones still aren’t back then." Boris Nose quipped: "I see pippy and squeak are having a well-deserved rest after all the pre-recorded s**t last week." Steve Lowe exclaimed: "Lol, it looks like Phil & Holly are having an extended siesta again!" Kayleigh Naver's said: "Holly and Phil seem to have more time off than they do actually presenting. Wish I could have time off with my family like they seem to do." (sic) Throughout the week of recorded episodes, viewers were left annoyed and "patronised" about the presenters pretending the shows were live. Lauren Hope wrote on Twitter: "How lazy are these presenters pre-recording old segments trying to convince us they're live just to have weeks off work #ThisMorning." Mike Priestley commented: "You know #ThisMorning is pre-recorded. Phil and Holly are working on a Friday." Matthew Hayes fumed: "Phil saying 'Nice to be here on a Friday' as if he’s not sat at home right now! #ThisMorning." DON'T MISS...BBC slammed for airing 'dead donkey' Mrs Brown's Boys  [LATEST]Emmerdale family torn apart after another Chas Dingle betrayal [WATCH]Yellowstone season 5 won't return for quite some time [INSIGHT] Holly and Phil also came under fire during one of their look-back segments, where they spent a lengthy amount of time looking back at celebrity scandals. This included the "Wagatha Christie" trial, Johnny Depp and Amber Heard's trial and Will Smith slapping Chris Rock. Carol Vorderman and Gyles Brandreth joined the party where they recalled the shocking Academy Awards controversy. "Behave yourself! Don't do this!" Holly commented after Gyles made a joke about how to act during an awards ceremony. She continued: "With him, it took him a very long time to apologise for what he did. I think it was three months after the incident. "He said in a video there was 'no part of him' that thinks this was the right thing way to behave,' quite right there! What did this do? I mean he's fun-loving Will Smith!" Phillip had previously stated how, unlike celebrity court trials, the famous slap incident is different because it had been "broadcast live to the world". This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.