A former drug user who had his leg amputated as a result of his addiction has said it was the best thing to ever happen to him. Brent Caley, 39, said moving into a house just a few years ago was the "worst mistake" he could have made as he ended up getting involved with the wrong crowd. He eventually began taking hard drugs which included the likes of diazepam, which he was initially prescribed to help with anxiety.  After constant substance abuse, his groin burst in his home and, as a result, he lost a significant amount of blood. It later burst a second time while he was being treated in A&E, forcing doctors to take urgent action and amputate his left leg. Brent told Grimsby Live: "I was in my house and suddenly my groin burst. It was squirting all over the place and I lost a lot of blood." At the time, Brent said he was severely depressed and so chose not to call an ambulance for himself, hoping he would die due to blood loss. He added: "Luckily, the neighbours were worried about me because I hadn't taken the bins out, which I used to do no matter what, so they called the police. "They got to my house and we waited for an ambulance. I was told I couldn't get a taxi to the hospital or anything like that in case it burst again." Just before doctors were able to perform a straight blood transfusion, Mr Caley's groin burst again. As part of the treatment, hospital staff had to make the difficult decision to amputate his leg. One nurse even told him that they'd never seen anyone with a blood count so low survive.  While most would see this as a tragedy, Brent says it's the "best thing" that's ever happened to him. He continued: "I thought I was invincible but this has really opened my eyes." He's now been clean for six months and has received a tremendous amount of support from his family as well as the staff and management at the Blundell Hotel in Cleethorpes - where he is currently staying. "They've kept a smile on my face and come in every morning to check in on me," he added. "If it wasn't for my family, I think I'd have been dead about 10 years ago. The people at the Blundell Hotel have really looked after me as well, I couldn't be more grateful." "If you are ever vulnerable and someone offers you heroin, just look at what it does to people. I was that person at one point and now I've lost my leg. Don't ever touch cannabis either because that is a gateway drug." The 39-year-old even said he's looking at starting his own rehab clinic where he can help other people that have gone down a similar path. To raise the funds needed to set it up, Brent has decided to do a 10-mile charity walk, which his physiotherapist believes is a great idea.  