According to astrology, there are certain numbers, elements, colours, planets and symbols that are "lucky" for each zodiac sign. Heads and Tails jewellery partnered with astrologer and psychic Inbaal Honigman to reveal how each sign can bring in luck. Aries (March 21 - April 19) This fiery sign can bring luck into their life with the number four, the element Fire and the "passionate" colour red. Planet Mars is also a lucky one. Thinking of buying some symbolic jewellery? The Ram, Runes Tiwaz (spear shape) and Dagaz (butterfly shape) are all good options. Taurus (April 20 - May 10) Some potential "lucky charms" for Taurus include the number five, the element Earth and the "earthy and practical" colour brown. As for symbols, Taurus should look out for - or keep close - the Taurus symbol (bull), Runes Fehu (F shape) and Uruz (n shape). READ MORE: Chinese zodiac sign will face 'conflict' with 'great impact' in 2023  Gemini (May 21 – June 20) According to astrology, Gemini can bring good fortune into their life with the number six, the element Air, pale green - "the colour of ideas" - and planet Mercury. As for special symbols, Gemini should look for twins, Runes Ansuz (F shape) and Raido (R shape). Cancer (June 21 – July 22) Lucky charms for Cancer include the number seven, the element Water, blue and the moon. Investing in an ornament or jewel? Go for the Cancer sign Crab, Runes Berkana (B shape) or Othila (o/œ shape). Leo (July 23 – August 22) Inbaal stated: "Leo don’t tend to believe in luck. It is a hardworking sign, and they know they earn their success. "The very idea that luck had something to do with their achievements is abhorrent to them, as they feel that they took an active part in every aspect of their own success." However, ones willing to take a chance on luck may benefit from bringing the number eight, element Fire and colours gold and yellow into their lives. Leo's lucky planet is the Sun, while their lucky symbols are the Leo Lion, Runes Wunjo (P shape) and Sowilo (S shape). Virgo (August 23 – September 22) The "sensible and realistic" Leo also "doesn't tend to believe in luck". "Not a sign to break tradition, they’ll attend spiritual settings like church, as part of a family celebration and they can memorise any ritual with ease, but they won’t be fully invested in it in terms of faith." Virgo can bring themselves more luck with number nine, planet Earth, "deep and traditional" navy and planet Mercury. As for symbols, Sign Virgo (the virgin), Runes Ehwaz (S shape) and Inguz (diamond shape). READ MORE: What each Chinese zodiac sign can do for good luck Libra (September 23 – October 22) Inbaal said: "Librans tend to believe in luck. It is a gentle sign that needs all the emotional support they can get. "They never feel as if they’ve done enough, as Librans are quite demanding of themselves, so when they reach any form of success, they feel as if they must have been lucky." Lucky charms for Libra might be the number 11, element Air, "airiest" colour white and the planet Venus. Favourable symbols include the scales, Runes Gebo (X shape) and Jera (spiral-like shape). Scorpio (October 23 – November 21) Scorpio's lucky number is 13, while their lucky element is Water. This sign may find luck in "intense" colour black, planets Pluto and Mars, and the symbols Scorpion, Runes Eihwaz (bow-like shape) and Perthro (cup-like shape). Sagittarius (November 22 – December 21) Sagittarius can bring more luck into their life with number 14, Fire element, magenta and other bold colours to complement their "free-spirited" nature, and planet Jupiter. As for symbols, keep an eye out for the Archer and Centaur, Runes Thurisaz (thorn-like shape) and Kenaz (torch-shape). Capricorn (December 22 – January 19) Expect some good fortune brought by number 15, element Earth, "powerful and earthy" maroon and the planet Saturn. Keep a Capricorn sea-goat symbol handy, or a Runes Nauthiz (cross-like shapes, likened to twigs) and Isa (vertical line, like an icicle). Aquarius (January 20 – February 18) Potential "lucky charms" for Aquarius includes the number 17, Air, very pale blue and Saturn. Lucky symbols can include the Aquarius Water Bearer, Runes Hagalaz (H shape) and Mannaz (M shape). Pisces (February 19 – March 20) The astrologer stated: "Pisces tends to believe in luck. They are a very spiritual sign, likely to take on a variety of spiritual beliefs. "They’ll mix and match! Their faith is diverse, and they’ll try their luck with any manifesting method." To stay on the lucky side, Pisces should try and incorporate the number 18, element Water and deep purple into their lives. Planets Jupiter and Neptune are also lucky, with lucky symbols including the Pisces Fish, Runes Laguz (hook-like shape) and Algiz (elk sedge plant). This research was conducted by Inbaal Honigman and Heads and Tails Jewellery, who sell some lucky jewellery of their own.