Arsenal hero Ian Wright has aimed a thinly-veiled jibe at Chelsea for pricing Arsenal out of a move for Mykhaylo Mudryk after successfully hijacking their move for the Shakhtar Donetsk star. Mudryk joined the Blues on Sunday in a deal that could rise to £88million (€100m) on a lucrative contract until 2030, having been close to signing for the north London outfit only days earlier. The 22-year-old had made public pleas to the Gunners to complete his transfer after declaring his wish to play for Mikel Arteta's side, labelling the Spaniard a "top coach" and posting images on Instagram of himself watching Arsenal matches. But the deal failed to materialise after Shakhtar stood firm over their valuation of the Ukraine international, with Arsenal unwilling to meet their demands, and Chelsea managed to gazump their transfer bid by offering a guaranteed £62m up (€70m) front and a further £26.5m (€30m) in add-ons. Wright, who scored 185 goals for the club in his eight seasons at the club, believes that Mudryk would have been a "perfect" fit for Arsenal's project and suggested he would merely be "another player" in Chelsea's long-term plan to recruit the best youngsters in the game after having his head turned. READ MORE: Mikel Arteta breaks silence on Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer saga "It’s one of those, unfortunately, that we may have missed out on but Arsenal cannot, cannot compete with what Chelsea can offer a player like that," Wright told Premier League Productions. "We’ve seen was obviously desperate to come to Arsenal, it was quite nice to see and Arsenal fans were quite excited about it. "What’s happening at Arsenal is that they’re on a road to doing something and building something and they see Mudryk as a player who can come in, the way he plays, his attitude, the way he is, would’ve been perfect for the group. DON'T MISSArsenal's Ramsdale reacts to being 'punched' by angry Spurs fanChelsea fans troll Arsenal as Gunners join Fresneda transfer raceArsenal can spend Mudryk money on Milinkovic-Savic after deal rejected "But the money they want, Arsenal can’t go there, so you have to move on to the next person simply because we cannot compete with Chelsea." As part of Mudryk's contract, it is understood the Ukraine international - who hit 10 goals in 18 appearances for Shakhtar this season - will earn around £150,000-a-week for the duration of his contract. That dwarfs the £3,0000-a-week wage he earned with his boyhood club and even the contract offer submitted by Arsenal. And Wright, 59, bemoaned the west London club's ability to blow Arsenal out of the water by luring Mudryk to Stamford Bridge by tabling a huge contract offer, hinting he may have been influenced by his representatives to take the deal. "Chelsea can come in, offer him three times as much as we can pay him and pay Shakhtar that kind of money for someone who hasn’t played 50 games yet, eight international caps. It’s one of those situations, for the boy’s sake, I hope he comes and fulfils the potential people see he has," he added. "From a Chelsea point of view, they’ve bought another player that they’re going to put amongst their roster that they’re just trying to fit into whatever they’re doing, I hope it works out for his sake. For Arsenal’s point of view, we’re moving on now. "You know what it’s like with people around him, he was earning £3,000, £4,000-a-week before [at Shakhtar], he was taking a massive leap to £50,000-a-week [with Arsenal], allegedly, and then Chelsea are giving him three times as much. You’re talking about a club is going to sell him because they want the money, the management team around him want to get paid. A seven-year deal, no one turns that down."