Leeds starlet Willy Gnonto channelled his inner Paolo Di Canio with an outrageous volley in the Whites' FA Cup replay clash with Cardiff. The Italy international has been in tremendous form despite Jesse Marsch's side struggling in the Premier League. Gnonto gave Leeds the lead inside a minute in Wales, thumping home an incredible volley. Leeds had come from behind to draw the initial tie and faced a tough trip to the Cardiff City Stadium on Wednesday, with Cardiff managerless following the sacking of Mark Hudson at the weekend. The 19-year-old Gnonto has earned rave reviews for his recent displays and hit a new milestone with a stunning first goal for his new club. A right-wing cross appeared to be sailing way over the winger's head. However, the former Zurich star - who was positioned on the left-hand side of the penalty area - swivelled and performed a stunning scissor-kick, thumping the ball home with his right foot. Such was the power on the strike, Cardiff goalkeeper Jak Alnwick barely moved before he was forced to pick the ball out of his net. JUST IN: Leeds 'prepare bid' for new defensive target after Gnonto masterstroke It was akin to a famous goal scored by West Ham icon and Gnoto’s countryman Di Canio in March 2000. The eccentric Italian met a cross with a similar scissor kick-style effort that flew across goal and into the corner. Gnonto has been a rare highlight for 14th-placed Leeds, who sit just two points above the relegation zone. Remarkably, the £5million summer signing scarcely featured for the first half of the season and made his long-awaited debut in Leeds’ 2-1 win at Liverpool on October 29. But since then, the tricky wide man has become a key player for Marsch’s side. He was excellent in last Friday’s defeat by Aston Villa, despite being on the losing team. DON'T MISS...Man Utd chances of Kane transfer weighed up as Ten Hag vision emergesMan Utd 'in advanced negotiations' over surprise Fulham transfer dealMan Utd boss ten Hag has made five pundits look silly including Keane Sky Sports commentator Gary Neville boldly claimed that Gnonto played like a ‘Manchester City winger’, with his quick passing playing style similar to how Pep Guardiola’s wide men approach matches. Neville said: “Leeds fans won’t like me for saying this but when you look at a player like Gnonto and how Manchester City play by playing those little passes into those midfield runners, he just looks like a Manchester City winger. “Leeds fans won’t like me for saying that because I’m not selling him off. I’m sure they want to see him for another few years at Leeds United. He looks really, really good. So mature in his decision-making on the ball.”