 Piers Morgan, 57, questioned Madonna’s relevance in the entertainment world following the announcement of her new world tour, Celebration. The journalist was bashed in his own comments section as fans labelled him “cruel”, “misogynistic” with some even comparing the pop star to Meghan Markle, who has also frequently been criticised by Piers.   Madonna’s Celebration tour is set to honour the singer’s greatest hits from her four decades in music. However, the concept has left some questioning if the singer is still compatible with the modern music scene. One such person was Piers Morgan who tweeted prior to his show on Wednesday: “I think Madonna’s become the biggest cringe-making fiasco in world entertainment. We’ll debate that tonight.” On his TalkTV show, Piers claimed the singer “should be put out to pasture”. READ MORE: Richard Madeley's daughter Chloe rushes her 'very poorly' baby girl to hospital  He also took aim at the singer’s style, noted as iconic by many, for “trying to be a sex kitten when you’re in your 60s”. Lastly, he claimed the singer had hit “rock bottom”. The singer’s army of fans came to her defence, blasting Piers with countless expletives and insults. One declared: “Piers Morgan making gross ageist remarks about Madonna is nothing new, considering that he’s been making gross ageist remarks about her since she was in her early thirties.”     Another shared: “Madonna selling arenas in seconds while your carrier is in deep s**t. You're irrelevant peace of c**p.”(sic) A follower declared: “Misogyny, sexism and ageism on steroids…how predictably vile! The irony is that his perception of Madonna is a perfect description of himself!” Many criticised the journalist for being ageist, asking if he would say the same about ageing male singers like Sir Mick Jagger or Sir Elton John. Others also questioned Piers’ apparent “obsession” with the singer as the journalist has notoriously disliked Madonna for years.  Speaking on his Life Stories show with Gemma Collins in early 2021, Piers explained that he had once met the pop star and she had been rude to him, seeding his long-standing grudge against her. One fan even compared Madonna to Meghan Markle, who has been similarly criticised by Piers. They wrote on Twitter: “Piers hates the power some woman have like Megan and Madonna he has to always put them down like he's putting them in to place. “I wish they put him in to place!”  However, some fans spoke out in favour of Piers’ opinion, arguing that Madonna’s age-defying looks had crossed the line: “Does nobody grow old gracefully anymore? All these celebs looking like blow up rubber dolly’s.” Others reiterated Piers’ criticisms, saying the pop star is “pathetic now”, “tragic” and “sad”.  One even joked: “150 years ago you’d be able to see her perform at (Bethlehem).” The Celebration Tour is Madonna’s first time on the road post-Covid. Her last tour saw the singer performing at small, intimate venues while this world tour is set to appear at far larger venues like The O2. The tour is set to start in July with the first show in Canada, with 15 stops in North America before it heads to Europe in the autumn. Initially, only one date was set at London’s The O2 but, disproving Piers’ theories that the singer is no longer relevant, another date due to high demand. Express.co.uk has contacted Madonna and Piers Morgan's representatives for comments.