Arsenal could bite back at Chelsea for their attempts to steal Mykhaylo Mudryk by launching an audacious hijack of their own and snatching Declan Rice in the summer. The Gunners have been credited with interest in the West Ham midfielder and they could hold the upper hand over their London rivals, despite Rice's history with the Blues. Chelsea have picked a fight with Arsenal over the past few days with both clubs keen on Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mudryk. Mikel Arteta's Gunners appeared to be leading the charge and Mudryk himself posted pictures on social media of him watching their matches, but the pursuit of his signature may not be as straightforward as first thought. Shakhtar have supposedly rejected Arsenal's first two bids for the 22-year-old, with the latest coming in at £62million, and reports indicate that trigger-happy Chelsea have promised to trump any offer that comes in for Mudryk with the backing of Todd Boehly and Clearlake behind them. If Arteta does end up missing out on his top January target, he already have the perfect way to get back at Chelsea with both clubs believed to be interested in Rice. JUST IN: Everton have four stars who may be in trouble if Lampard gets sacked CBS Sports' transfer insider Ben Jacobs, writing for Si & Dan Talk Chelsea, claims that Arsenal have recently matched the Blues' long-term interest in the West Ham captain, who spent eight years in the Chelsea youth academy before being let go in 2014. The Hammers are broadly expected to sell up in the summer with the 23-year-old refusing to sign a new contract and keen to fight for trophies at the other end of the Premier League table. Crucially for Arsenal, Rice has also spoken explicitly about his desire to play in the Champions League. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE "Yeah - one hundred per cent I want to play in the Champions League," he stated while on World Cup duty with England. "For the last two or three years I've been saying that. I've been playing consistently well for my club and I feel like I really want to keep pushing. "I see my friends here [in the Three Lions squad], who are playing Champions League and competing for big trophies. You only get one career and at the end of it you want to look back at what you've won and the biggest games you've played in. I really want to do that." Despite missing out on the top four altogether last campaign, Arsenal look virtually certain to qualify for next season's Champions League this time around after a barnstorming start to the season. They currently sit top of the table and well clear of Manchester City, who lead the chasing pack, with Arteta building a formidable side in north London. By contrast, Chelsea have endured a turbulent few months and sit mid-table - well off the Champions League pace - which could provide the Gunners with an avenue to give them a taste of their own medicine in the transfer market if Graham Potter fails to mastermind a dramatic turnaround.