Many Gogglebox stars have gone on to land guest parts in other TV shows, which seems to be the case for well-liked couple, Mica Venna and Marcus Luther. The TV experts announced just a month ago they would be moving on from Channel 4 staple to take on "new opportunities," and it appears the duo have already filmed a new TV project. The comedic pair had Gogglebox viewers in stitches with their commentary on the latest TV shows as well as their banter with each other n the last few series of the show. Last month, they announced they would be leaving the programme after five years. However, Marcus recently posted a snap on his Instagram showing he and Mica were involved in a different programme. The picture showed a dressing room with his name on it, and he confirmed they would be making an appearance on the celebrity edition of BBC quiz show, Pointless. READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star He announced he'd be raising money for their chosen charity, the African Caribbean Leukaemia Trust Charity. "I’m having a fun day with Big Meesh and It’s all love raising money for our chosen charity (ACLT), that makes it a whole lot better…." he penned under the photo. The couple also appeared in a video taken while Marcus was in his dressing room. He commented: "So guys we are going on gameshow - but we are feeling extremely dunce in here right now. "It's general knowledge but we ain't got nothing general about our knowledge. "I'm in here feeling dunce like I don't even know my name anymore." The pair announced in December they had quit Gogglebox. The Londoners explained in a statement: "We’ve had so much fun with you all tuning in at home and the hardworking Gogglebox crews but it’s time to put down the remote and see what else God has in store for us. DON'T MISS... Bruno Tonioli breaks silence as he's confirmed as new BGT judge [LATEST]GB News sparks uproar with fresh attack on Prince Harry [VIDEO]Piers Morgan fumes 'can't use that language' as guest drops F-bomb [VIDEO]  The statement continued: "We just want to say a massive thank you to @c4Gogglebox for having us for the last five years, even though we had to travel so far for filming (downstairs and through the corridor) it was so worth it, it’s been an epic journey!" Following their reminiscing, the couple added: "You guys are the best." Mica and Marcus went on to call the cast their "brothers and sisters for life" in the lengthy social media post. Viewers wished the pair luck in their new endeavours and expressed sadness over their exit. Fellow Gogglebox stars also responded with messages stating they would be missed. It seems fans won't have to go too long without seeing Mica and Marcus on screen though as they will soon be putting their knowledge to the test. Gogglebox episodes are available to stream on All4, while Pointless Celebrities will air soon on BBC One.