Good news for savers as they can now benefit from 3.75 percent on a 1 Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA. The start of a new year is a great time to look into one's finances and it's important people check they are getting the best savings rates available. With rising costs continuing to eat into people's disposable income there has never been a more important time for people to make sure they are getting the best interest rates on their savings. Secure Trust Bank is offering 3.75 percent (AER/gross) on their 1 Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA. Commenting on the deal, Eleanor Williams, finance expert at Moneyfacts.co.uk, said: “Following a rate rise this week, the 1 Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA from Secure Trust Bank takes a prominent position in the top 10 of its sector. “Investors looking to use their tax-free savings allowance may well be attracted to the competitive return of 3.75 percent. READ MORE: 300,000 homeowners could save £3,500 on their mortgage payments this year - can you? The estimated balance would be £1,037.50 based on a deposit of £1,000 after 12 months. People can transfer current ISA savings from another provider into their Secure Trust Bank Cash ISA if it is paying a better rate. The ISA is open to individual personal customers only, aged 18 and over, and resident in the UK for tax purposes. The minimum deposit is £1,000 and £1,000 for each subsequent deposit. READ MORE: Carer’s Allowance may impact state pension and other benefits - rules explained It should be noted that partial withdrawals are not allowed. If someone needs to take money out, they may withdraw the whole balance by closing their account. Key product details for Secure Trust Bank – 1 Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA: If savers can afford to lock their money away for longer, they could get up to 4.10 percent interest with Secure Trust Bank. Their 5 Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA offers savers 4.10 percent, whereas their 2 Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA offers 4.05 percent. Alternatively savers can currently get nearly five percent interest on their savings with Investec from Raisin. Investec is offering an interest rate of 4.55 percent on savings between £1,000 and £85,000. However, people will need to be able to lock away money for at least three years. Britons can apply for a range of savings accounts with Raisin and manage everything under one roof.