King Charles has reportedly asked the Archbishop of Canterbury to broker a deal to allow Harry to attend his Coronation. It has been reported that Charles wants Justin Welby to strike an agreement with his warring sons that would allow Harry and his wife Meghan to attend the Westminster Abbey ceremony in May.  However, his wish has met resistance from William, The Mail on Sunday reported. According to the news report, the King is said to believe that the couple’s absence would be a greater distraction than their presence, so is prepared to make concessions to persuade them to attend. However, Prince William is understood to be concerned that his brother will use the event to stage a “stunt” that would overshadow the event. Meanwhile, according to the latest Ipsos poll conducted for the London Evening Standard, two-thirds of Britons think the Duke should attend the ceremony at Westminster Abbey in May.  It suggested that 30 percent of the public disagree and think he should stay away after the highly personal and potentially damaging revelations made about members of his family in his autobiography. The poll found a striking age gap between those who support the Duke’s invitation to his father’s celebrations and those who do not. The 55 and over age group was almost split in half, with 42 percent against his attendance and 47 percent in favour of it. On the other hand, three-quarters of 18 to 34-year-olds were in favour of the Duke attending, as well as the majority, 65 percent of 35 to 54-year-olds. READ MORE: Prince Harry could return to UK for wedding of 'unofficial best man' During the ceremony, the King will be crowned alongside Camilla, the Queen Consort. Mr Welby, who will officiate at the ceremony at Westminster Abbey, was first asked to act as an intermediary between William and Harry shortly after the Queen’s death in September. The Cabinet Office is establishing a ‘Coronation committee’ of civil servants, Royal officials and Church of England representatives to plan the event on Saturday May 6, the start of a bank holiday weekend. The Home Office will also be heavily involved in the arrangements given the security issues it raises. DON'T MISS:Brexit damaged Britain’s economy and trade, latest poll claims [REVEAL]Radioactive capsule goes missing in Western Australia  [INSIGHT]Prince Harry should be invited at King Charles’ coronation [REVEAL] The celebrations will begin with The King’s Procession, with the King and Queen Consort travelling from Buckingham Palace to the Abbey in the Gold State Coach. The Coronation service has remained essentially the same for more than 1,000 years and for the last 900 years has taken place at the Abbey. Prince William will also take on new titles at the Coronation, including being formally named as the Prince of Wales. Camilla will formally take the title of Queen Consort and will have the Crown of Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother placed on her head. Express.co.uk has reached out to Buckingham Palace for a comment. 