Discussing her experience with the Daily Mail, Beryl claimed there were so many people in A&E that security had to ask those who weren't patients or carers to leave the building. She said: "I expected it to be that bad on a Friday or Saturday evening, but this was a weekday at 7am. After three hours, the waiting time went down to seven hours because I think some more doctors had come on duty. "The triage took place within about 30 minutes so that was good. The staff were all very kind. I needed an X-ray to make sure there were no blood clots because I was so worried that could be fatal. "The scary thing was though, the number of patients never went down. It only went up." READ MORE: New poll suggests more than three in five patients support NHS strike  Beryl also claimed that people were beginning to get a "bit edgy" and "restless" in the waiting area during this time. She added: "A couple of people got stroppy when they were asked to wear a mask in a medical setting. You don't really want to see people being rude to staff when they're doing their job." Meanwhile, Dr Neil O'Brien, executive medical director for the North East and North Cumbria Integrated Care Board (ICB) said in a statement: "People needing help in our emergency departments across the region is nearly 30 per cent higher this December than in the same period in 2021. "This has put enormous pressure on our teams who have had to work incredibly hard to deal with this significant rise in the number of people needing medical attention, with many people presenting with flu, Covid-19 and respiratory conditions. "We've also had an increase in staff sickness adding further challenges. We really do want to thank all our teams for their dedication in what has been a very challenging time." The Daily Express has approached the NHS County Durham and Darlington Trust for comment.  While Beryl's experience was no doubt a traumatic one, it has not happened in isolation. Thousands of people around the country are waiting longer and longer in A&E as the NHS experiences a war on all fronts. From job cuts to a 'Twindemic', from strikes to lack of infrastructure, the NHS is a nearly 80-year-old organisation trying to survive in a modern world. The strikes have been the latest pressure to add to those already pressing down on a battered health service. The group currently on strike at the start of this week are ambulance crews.  The crews are striking over pay, an entity which has gone down in real world terms in recent years due to high inflation. General secretary of Unison Christina McAnea has said the solution to these strikes is "simple". She said: "All the chancellor needs to do is find the money to pay health workers fairly. "The public wants the government to end the dispute, so do NHS staff, but most ministers look like they'd rather dig in and do nothing instead of boost pay and help turn the ailing NHS around. "Higher wages would stop experienced employees leaving for better paid jobs and encourage more people to come and work in the NHS." 