Fortnite fans are counting down to the release of update 23.30 on PS5, PS4, Xbox Series X/S, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, PC and Android. Fortnite update 23.30 has a January 31 release date and a 9am GMT UK launch time. The patch launches alongside a period of server downtime, which begins when matchmaking is disabled at 8.30am. The news was announced by Epic Games on Twitter, alongside a preview about what to expect. "Prepare to power up in v23.30!" reads a Fortnite tweet. "Downtime begins at 4AM ET, with matchmaking being disabled shortly before." As part of update 23.30, Epic Games will launch a second crossover with the Dragon Ball series. According to insiders such as Shiina, the Dragon Ball crossover will add Son Gohan and Piccolo skins to the game. The new update will also see the Rift Gate progress, as well as adding to the Boombox v2, which is believed to be a Guitar. "The Guitar is supposed to be the Boombox v2," Shiina tweets. "You have to hit the beat to do 75 damage to all builds nearby you, and it has a tempo of 3 beats per second." Needless to say, new skins and items will be added to the item shop, alongside the February Crew Pack. The full list of update 23.30 patch notes can be seen below... Fortnite update 23.30 patch notes... General fixes • Players are unable to claim the Exile variation of the Mind's Eye back bling - Players are unable to claim the Exile variation of the Mind's Eye back bling • Physics on Joni the Red's coat are no longer functioning. - Joni the Red’s coat is not reacting to physics correctly. • Battle Hound and Molten Battle Hound Helmet visually incorrect. - The helmet on the Battle Hound and Molten Battle Hound outfits appears sideways. • Players are getting a blue lobby background - Players are getting a blue lobby background instead of the correct one • Bonus Rewards 'Pre-requisite Not Met' Issue - Please note that you must claim all rewards on the Bonus Rewards page(s) before unlocking rewards on the next page. For instance, all rewards on Page 1 must be unlocked before moving on to Page 2. Battle Royale fixes • Fall damage when Sliding with the Shockwave Hammer - We're aware of an issue that causes the player to take fall damage when sliding and using the Shockwave Hammer. • Unable to emote after a Victory Royale - Players are unable to emote at the end of winning a match. • Red dot missing when scoping with Red-Eye Assault Rifle - The red dot at the centre is missing when aiming with the Red-Eye Assault Rifle. • The "Party Time" Augment has been temporarily disabled. - The "Party Time" Augment has been temporarily disabled, and we are working on bringing it back once the issue is fixed. • The "Shotgun Striker" Augment is temporarily disabled. - We've disabled the Shotgun Striker Augment due to an issue, however it can still be discovered. We'll provide another update when it has been re-enabled. Creative fixes • Wildlife takes fall damage with fall damage set to off - Wildlife will take fall damage even when the fall damage setting is set to off. • Placing a prop and switching to the pickaxe at the same time places an invisible prop - Placing a prop while hitting the hotkey to swap to the pickaxe will place an invisible prop. • Players can build in Mutator Zone Devices with "Allow Building" set to "No" in certain instances - Players can build in Mutator Zone Devices with "Allow Building" set to "No" after sprinting, teleporting, grappling, or anything that gets you into the zone quickly. • Props attached to prop manipulator devices can show in game despite the device being disabled - Prop manipulator device is not working as expected. Props attached to it may show in game even if the device is disabled. • Sequencers do not always play correctly when set to infinitely loop - Sequencers do not always play correctly when set to infinitely loop, every so often the sequencer will not properly trigger the music blocks. • When entering the menu, navigating the menu with a controller will send the cursor back to the top of the menu. - After pressing up on the analog/D-pad, moving the analog/D-pad in any direction will cause the cursor to move to the top of the menu. Mobile and Cloud fixes • Battlepass Button confirm sound sometimes plays on any initial button press with touch - Players may hear a button sound from the Battle Pass randomly on other button presses • The Falcon Scout continues going up or down without pressing anything - If players leave the Falcon Scout while pressing the up or down button, the Drone will continue in that direction while no longer being controlled.