It is thought that a third of all adults in the UK will suffer with some kind of sleeping issue at least once in their lives. Sometimes it’s not always apparent why getting to sleep has become difficult, but it can be linked to illness, stress or anxiety among other problems. However, there are some simple things you can try to aid sleep. Nutritional coach, Jess Bloom - who has teamed up with Get Laid Beds - explained how diet can help with sleep. She said: “Our diet plays an integral part in not just the amount of sleep we get each night, but the quality of that sleep too. “With the drinks we consume making up a big part of our diets, we need to think carefully about what we are drinking and when, especially if we struggle to sleep. “It’s always good to speak to a healthcare professional if you’re having difficulty sleeping, but some of the beverages mentioned below have also helped many people improve their sleep quality too.” READ MORE: Couple left in agony by £4k 'Turkey teeth' which they say has ruined their lives  “Milk contains the amino acid tryptophan, which the body converts into serotonin, a neurotransmitter that plays a role in sleep,” she said. “Consuming milk before bedtime can help promote sleep due to the presence of tryptophan. “It's important to note that the effect of milk on sleep may vary from person to person. “A glass of warm milk before bed may help many people sleep, while for others it may not be suitable.   “Some people may be lactose intolerant or have a milk allergy, which can cause digestive issues and make it harder to fall asleep, so check with your doctor that you’re okay to start experimenting with milk as a part of your sleep routine.” Ms Bloom said: “This is made from the dried flowers of the chamomile plant, a member of the daisy family. “It has a natural, calming effect that can help relax the muscles and reduce anxiety, which may make it easier to fall asleep. “Chamomile tea is often used as a natural remedy for insomnia and other sleep problems. READ MORE: Vitamin B12 and iron deficiencies stunted man's height – and other side effects  “Studies have suggested that chamomile tea may help improve sleep quality and duration. “One study found that people who drank chamomile tea for two weeks reported falling asleep faster with a better quality of sleep than those who did not drink the tea. “A mug of this as you wind down for bedtime can offer that relaxing feeling you need to drift off.” She added: “Lemon balm tea is made from the leaves of the lemon balm plant, which is a member of the mint family.  “It has a refreshing, lemony scent and is often used as a natural remedy for anxiety and sleep problems. “Some research suggests that lemon balm may have a calming effect on the body and mind, which may help improve sleep quality. “Perhaps a lesser known tea, it’s easily purchasable from most supermarkets and health stores, with studies showing people who took lemon balm supplements reporting feeling less anxious and more relaxed, with a better quality of sleep than those who did not take the supplement. “As long as the lemon balm tea you’ve bought is totally natural with no added ingredients like caffeine, then this can be a great one to have before bed.” 