Linda Bassett joined the cast of Call The Midwife as Phyllis Crane in season four and has since become a fan-favourite. The no-nonsense nurse has a kind heart and always puts others before herself in the BBC series. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the actress's real age. Phyllis Crane is a nurse and midwife from Leeds who joins Nonnatus House in 2015. She had been working as temporary cover for Sister Evangelina (Pam Ferris) who was on sick leave. Nurse Crane is not one to conform to society's expectations, which is something she is known and loved for. In season five, her past is explored more as it was revealed because she was illegitimate, her mother's parents threw her mother out. READ MORE: Call the Midwife fans concerns Nurse Crane's leaving show after teaser Phyllis' mother did anything she could to feed her child and provide her with shoes. Linda Bassett is the star behind the character and she is 72 years old, having been born in February 1950. She was born in Pluckley, Kent, and her mother was a typist and her father a police officer. The star's career began in theatre, working as an usher at the Old Vic whilst she was at school. She studied at The University of Leeds and her first professional jobs were in community theatre in the 1970s. Her first screen role was in Waiting for the Moon in 1987, but she went on to have an extremely fruitful career. The actress is probably best recognised for playing Cora in the film Calendar Girls. She went on to play Maureen Tyler in The Brief and Queenie Turrill in Lark Rise to Candleford. DON'T MISS... Call the Midwife star hints at Tom Cruise appearanceCall The Midwife's Miss Higgins star admits to being 'diva' on setHere's all there is to know about Call the Midwife star Megan Cusack Viewers may have spotted her in the new series of Strike: Troubled Blood as Joan Nancarrow. The actress still lives in Kent, in a village not far from where she was born. Linda spoke out about some of the harrowing scenes in the latest season of Call the Midwife. The series covered the effects of Enoch Powell’s infamous Rivers of Blood speech. She told The Mirror: “Our scenes brought it back. I knew he got a lot of support but I didn’t know the dockers came out and marched in support of him [after Powell was sacked]. "It made me feel sick but, of course, it’s what happened.” Viewers have since been worried that Nurse Crane will be leaving the series after the latest tease. Within the clip, Nurse Crane received a letter to say she has been summoned and is left worrying she will be forced to retire from Nonnatus House. PJ said on Twitter: "Nurse Crane must be protected at all costs. #nationaltreasure #CallTheMidwife."  Call The Midwife airs on BBC One on Sundays at 8pm.