A good set of eyebrows can frame the face and make it look more youthful and vibrant. But if you neglect them or over-pluck them, they can have the total opposite effect. Sarah Amelia Fogg, founder of Brows by Sarah, chatted exclusively to Express.co.uk about how mature women can use their brows to turn back the clock and look years younger. Sarah stated: "Brows are the most common area I see where people make mistakes that age them." However, it's important to find a happy medium between filling them in too much and completely leaving them alone. She continued: "Neglecting your brows completely can make you look older, especially if you have sparse brows. Similarly, going too heavy on the product can also age you. "If you like the defined look, avoid adding any colour to the end of your brow as overextending the tail can draw your face down and age you significantly." READ MORE: 63-year-old woman shares youthful transformation but warns others She recommended starting at the tail and working inwards to avoid using too much product - "in general, less is more". Stripping back the products, what does the expert suggest for creating a youthful, flattering eyebrow shape? She recognised that some women will be used to over-plucking their eyebrows. They may even have done so in the 90s when skinny brows were more popular than their bushier counterparts. She gave women a step by step guide to plucking their own eyebrows without overdoing it and risking looking older. Sarah stated: "Everyone has heard the advice of not to overpluck, but it is easy to get carried away. "Try to stick to plucking any strays rather than plucking away at your entire brow." With this, it's important to focus on the hairs just above and below the brow itself. READ MORE: Cosmetic treatment: 70-year-old youthful post-op but sends warning She explained: "I always recommend embracing your brows natural shape, rather than trying to change the shape by plucking, once you’ve plucked it too far you might get to the point of no return and this can really age your face. "The amount of time it takes for your brows to grow back will depend on the level of trauma and inflammation the follicles have been subjected to by plucking. "A healthy follicle will take around three to four weeks to become visible, and another four weeks until it has fully regrown." An eyebrow regrowth serum can do wonders for creating "fluffy" brows in just weeks. This works to improve the condition of the skin and follicles, as well as encouraging growth. For a more instant brow makeover, Sarah recommended an ombré brow treatment, a semi-permanent process which involves using a hand-held digital machine to airbrush tiny pigments into the skin. The pigment would be stronger at the tail and softer at the bulb - hence the word ombré - to create a natural look, and it is bespoke for individuals. Sarah concluded: "Overall it creates a soft, shaded pencil look and is the best treatment to achieve fluffy brows that look natural."