   Confessions of a Shopaholic star Isla Fisher, 46, poked fun at Prince Harry’s claim that his brother Prince William, 40, broke his necklace during a fight they had. The Duke of Sussex, 38, claimed in his new book Spare that his older brother had pushed him to the floor during an argument over his wife Meghan Markle, 41.      The Arrested Development actress took to Instagram on Tuesday to share a cheeky quip with her 1.9 million followers. The Australian star shared a photo of herself looking thoughtful while modelling flowing top from New York boutique La Ligne. The white and blue patterned garment was cut in a long, flowing style with puffed sleeves. She captioned the picture: “Me wondering what Harry's necklace looked like before it got broken?” READ MORE: Julia Bradbury shares emotional update on tough breast cancer battle      The star referenced Prince Harry’s claims his brother had snapped his jewellery off during a fight in his new memoir. In the book, the royal described how the row had ended in the Prince of Wales grabbing him by the collar and throwing him to the floor, shattering a dog bowl with his back. The furious altercation supposedly broke out in the kitchen of Prince Harry and Meghan’s London home, Nottingham Cottage, in the grounds of Kensington Palace back in 2019. This would have taken place shortly before the couple decided to leave the UK and start afresh in America.      Prince William is said to have branded Meghan “difficult”, “rude” and “abrasive” before later insisting “I didn't attack you, Harold” when he allegedly pushed his younger brother to the floor. During the altercation, Prince Harry also claims his brother told him he was trying to help him with “the whole rolling catastrophe” of their failing relationship and the couple’s negative press. Meanwhile, the Duke of Sussex accused his brother of “parroting the Press narrative” about his American wife before a screaming match ensued, according to his book. The royal wrote of the incident: “He set down the water, called me another name, then came at me.      “It all happened so fast. So very fast. He grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor. “I landed on the dog's bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me. I lay there for a moment, dazed, then got to my feet and told him to get out.” Since the release of his memoir, Prince Harry has faced a mixture of praise and criticism for some of the claims he made, particularly about members of his family. He has also been promoting his book through appearances in several TV interviews and on late night talk shows in the USA.      During a sit down interview with journalist Tom Bradby on Sunday, the Duke of Sussex defended the bold statements he made about members of his family in his debut book. “I love my father, I love my brother, I love my family,” he said during the ITV programme, entitled Harry - The Interview. He went on to insist he had no intention of hurting or harming them, but with regards to the tabloid press, said that “certain members have decided to get in bed with the devil” to rehabilitate their own images. Stating that this was “their choice” he continued: “But the moment that rehabilitation comes at the detriment to others, me, other members of my family, that’s where I draw the line.”   