As motorists go into the new year during a cost of living crisis and the uncertainty around fuel prices, they should be driving more economically and should have maintenance of their vehicles at the forefront of their minds, according to an expert. Driving more economically and ensuring the car is maintained in the best way will also improve road safety. Dorry Potter, expert at National Scrap Car, told Express.co.uk: "Drivers should make it their new years' resolution to give their car some TLC more often. "These could be broken into simple fortnightly maintenance such as checking tyre pressure, engine oil levels, coolant levels and screen wash and bigger monthly checks such as changing air filters, brake fluids and battery checks. "These quick and easy checks can ultimately save you money from any expensive repairs or failures of MOTs, and can also stop you from burning your fuel quickly." READ MORE: Three Clean Air Zones to be introduced across the UK this year The expert added that on top these benefits, the checks could also "potentially prevent accidents". Ms Potter continued: "Another big thing motorists should work on in 2023 is driving styles and getting rid of any bad driving habits they may have adopted as these could be having a big impact on how much fuel you are using. "If your car has a manual gearbox, you should always try to reduce your engine revving as much as possible. "Try to change gears as smoothly and early as possible to avoid overworking your engine and causing it to use more fuel." DON'T MISS EV drivers face massive queues for chargers at motorway services [INSIGHT] Cyclists warned of Highway Code rule that could lead to £2,500 fines [WARNING] The UK's most reliable cars for MOT tests including Audi, BMW, Tesla [REVEAL] The experts also stressed that heavy acceleration and rapidly changing speed are bad habits drivers should try to avoid when conserving fuel. Ms Potter said: "Driving more defensively by anticipating things that may cause sudden braking so you can ease off the accelerator in plenty of time and keeping momentum are all easy ways to save more fuel. "The same applies to speeding in general, not only is this dangerous and illegal but it goes without saying, the higher the speed, the more you are going to burn through your fuel. "Using cruise control will help you to maintain a constant speed and make the most of your fuel. READ MORE: 'Incredibly easy' to use car tax trick to drive best electric cars "We burn a lot of fuel when driving in an aggressive manner so ensure your road trip is as stress-free as possible and try to take your time. "The main thing to remember is to drive carefully, to the speed limit at a constant speed whilst being gentle with the accelerator." The current RAC Fuel Watch indicates that motorists will have to pay around 150p per litre of unleaded. The situation is much worse for diesel drivers who will have to fork out around 172p per litre on average. Experts are predicting that both prices should fall sharply in the next few days and weeks. However, there are concerns surrounding the 5p fuel duty that will come to an end in March, meaning that drivers could be facing higher costs. The Office for Budget Responsibility previously claimed that prices could shoot up by 12p per litre. However, Jeremy Hunt said that the Government has made no decision on whether to increase the rate of fuel duty as of yet.