Star Wars' sequel trilogy sparked a number of rumours and theories when Rey hit the big screen. The parents of Daisy Ridley's character were a massive talking point after the release of The Force Awakens, but when The Last Jedi hit cinemas, it was revealed her parents "were nobody". Eventually, The Rise of Skywalker changed this, and Ridley has now spoken out about her opinion on the storyline. It was eventually announced that Rey was actually the granddaughter of Emperor Palpatine, making her lineage truly evil. She recently said at the Sundance Film Festival: "Well, [The Force Awakens director] JJ [Abrams] was the one who was like, she is of no one, so it wasn’t just The Last Jedi where that was the message." "What was interesting about the last one," she went on. "For me, was that you can be a hero and not come from anywhere or you can be a hero and come from literally the worst person in the universe. You’re not your parents, you’re not your grandparents, you’re not your bloodline and you’re not the generations before you. So, I always was like, sure." However, when this major change happened in the Star Wars narrative, she was forced to shift her perspective on what she thought about the story. Ridley noted that the Disney film series' story was "beyond her pay grade". "I say the words, do the thing," she conceded. "I do love the version of, you can be anyone you want to be, but I also love the version where you can rectify wrongs and can’t help what you’re born into." The future of Rey Skywalker has not yet been written, so Ridley could still make a comeback and change how her story is seen by fans. However, the next Star Wars film release has not yet been announced, and - even more damning - there's no sign of when Ridley might be signing back up to the series. DON'T MISS...Star Wars - Daisy Ridley gives advice to Jedi successor [NEWS]Star Wars’ Lars Mikkelsen on Admiral Thrawn return [INFO]The Mandalorian fans ‘work out’ dead Jedi’s return [INSIGHT] There is hope, however. Ewan McGregor just made a comeback to the franchise in the Disney Plus Obi-Wan Kenobi series, more than ten years after his "final" Star Wars movie hit cinemas. Likewise, Mark Hamill is still playing Luke Skywalker in The Mandalorian series. But, until Ridley officially signs up to bring Rey back to the big screen, she has been supporting her successors. The next Star Wars TV show to hit the Disney-owned streaming service is The Acolyte - a peek into the relationships of the Sith and their padawans. The series is being fronted by Amandla Stenberg, who is rumoured to be playing a new Jedi or Sith character. Ridley recently delivered some advice for the young American star. Ridley revealed: "Not just with Star Wars, but with everything, you try and be in the moment and enjoy what it is because life moves quickly. Amandla Stenberg can handle herself. She’s been working for a long time." The 30-year-old added: "Everyone knows how things are and how they can be. We’re all living in that, with people saying more than they need to and commenting more than they need to." She stressed that everyone should "find the good" in the series and "enjoy it". The Star Wars series is available on Disney Plus now. SOURCE