Following the finale of AMC’s The Walking Dead, the beloved Rick Grimes (played by Andrew Lincoln) and Michonne Hawthorne (Danai Gurira) will be making their eagerly awaited return to screens. AMC boss Dan McDermott has opened up about the spin-off and provided a major release update.   Rick left fans emotional after making his long-awaited return during the Walking Dead finale. Four years after his mysterious disappearance, he was still alive and journaling around a campfire. It was revealed Rick was looking worse for wear because the CRM took his belongings including his shoes, hoping that one day Michonne would go searching for her husband. This is exactly what took place in season 10 as she set off on the journey to find Rick after discovering his boots and phone. READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash  Although the two hadn’t reunited in the finale, it confirmed Michonne was on the right track and closer than ever. Thankfully for fans, their journey will continue on their highly anticipated spin-off, which will be a six-episode series. Speaking in September, showrunner Scott M Gimple stated: “These are two people that have been separated for a very long time. “They've lived whole other existences and they have to find themselves again, let alone each other. It's hopefully going to be mind-blowing,” he said at the AMC Network Summit.   More recently, Dan McDermott, president of entertainment and AMC Studios at AMC Networks delivered a major release update about the spin-off. He confirmed: “We begin production on the next chapter in Rick and Michonne’s unforgettable love story, which we look forward to sharing next year. “This next phase of our beloved Walking Dead franchise promises to engage and enthrall faithful viewers. “Fans new and old will love seeing zombies walking across the Brooklyn Bridge, beneath the Eiffel Tower, inside the Louvre, and at dozens more exotic and iconic locations from around the country and world.” DON'T MISS...Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry [INSIGHT]The Walking Dead’s Norman Reedus missed co-star’s funeral [INSIGHT]The Walking Dead plot hole: Eugene's bullet-making plan had big error [BLUNDER]  However, Rick and Michonne’s spin-off won’t be the only characters continuing their journey to survival. The post-apocalyptic franchise will be expanding further as The Walking Dead: Dead City will see Maggie (Lauren Cohen) and Negan (Jeffery Dean Morgan) reunite in New York. While The Walking Dead: Daryl Dixon, led by Norman Reedus, will then premiere “later this year". Speaking on these upcoming releases, Dan McDermott added: “It’s a truly exciting year for The Walking Dead Universe.    “As we conclude an epic journey on Fear the Walking Dead, which became one of the most successful shows in the history of cable television. “And now we are set to bring forth the next iteration of the franchise, two new and anticipated series featuring the beloved characters of Maggie, Negan and Daryl.” The Walking Dead: Dead City will premiere in April this year and fans can expect to see tensions rise between the former rivals.  The Walking Dead seasons 1-11 are available to stream on AMC in the US and on Disney+ in the UK.