A paedophile’s victim was left feeling “trapped” after he subjected her to years of abuse and groomed her using gifts. Kevin King is understood to have groomed his victim with fizzy drinks and Timberland boots alongside multiple sickening assaults - but continues to plead his innocence even after being found guilty. Prosecutor Michael Scholes told Liverpool Crown Court on Tuesday that the 55-year-old repeatedly abused his teenage victim over the course of three years. King, from Maybank Road in Tranmere, assaulted her on multiple occasions, including when she was as young as 13. The pervert instructed her to perform sex acts on him, as well as forcing her to watch pornography, the Liverpool Echo reports. He also made her give him pairs of her underwear. King asked the young girl to have sex with him, but she refused. Throughout this time, King gifted her clothing, shoes - including Timberland boots - and bottles of Dr Pepper. The sick predator told her these were a “secret” and that she would “get into trouble” if she told anyone. The complainant reported King’s actions to police 2019, and disclosed what had happened to members of her family. In a heartbreaking statement read to the court on her behalf, she describes how she continues to suffer from mental health problems and flashbacks due to his actions. She said: "I felt trapped. I would like awake at night wishing I had a normal life - he ruined a massive chunk of my life." Cheryl Mottram, defending King, said her client also suffered from mental health problems, highlighting that he recently attempted to take his own life. King has no previous convictions and continues to maintain his innocence. READ MORE: Idaho suspect could be linked to other murders - ex-FBI agent [REVEAL] Ms Mottram added: “His incarceration is going to be of some length. His family are aware of the type of sentence which is to be passed today, and that is not going to be easy for them. "They are an extremely close family. His imprisonment will have a profound effect on them. References speak of a man who is kind, caring and well thought of. It is important to remember he is more than just these convictions - there is very much a different side to him.” The predator was unanimously found guilty of six counts of sexual activity with a child, two of causing a child to engage in sexual activity and two charges of causing a child to watch sexual activity by a jury following a trial. DON'T MISS: Murder probe after human remains found in Harlow pond [REVEAL]Man convicted of assault flees dock after being sentenced to jail [INSIGHT]Police seal off cave in Liverpool as forensic officers spotted [ANALYSIS] He has been sentenced to prison for eight years, as well as being handed a lifelong notification requirement and a restraining order preventing him from contacting his victim for 10 years. Sentencing, Judge Neil Flewitt KC said: "It has clearly had a severe effect on her. I am entirely satisfied she has suffered severe psychological harm. "You are a man of positive good character. Not only do you have no previous criminal convictions, references speak very highly of you. There is clearly another, positive side of your character."