Arsenal can sign a winger for just £44million, half the amount Chelsea spent on Mykhaylo Mudryk. Nico Williams is already a Spain international at the age of 20 and could be an option for the Gunners. Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has been prioritising the signing of a winger since the summer transfer window. Mudryk was his top target this month and a deal appeared to be close. But Chelsea snuck in ahead of their London rivals last Saturday and swiftly completed a deal worth up to £88million for the Ukraine star. Arsenal are now looking at alternative options in the market. Contact was swiftly made with Barcelona over Raphinha but the Brazilian does not want to leave the Nou Camp just six months into his first season, despite a disappointing spell so far. Barca would also demand up to £88m for the former Leeds star. Brighton's Leandro Trossard has been offered to Arsenal but, at 28, may not fit into the profile of player Arteta is looking for. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Mudryk's price is being used as a new benchmark for clubs. Arsenal are reported to have contacted Bayer Leverkusen over Moussa Diaby. However, the German side would demand at least the same amount as Mudryk cost. Arsenal were not prepared to go that far for their top target so will unlikely do so for an alternative. But in Williams, there is a player who would only cost a maximum of £44m. That is the release clause in his Athletic Bilbao contract. Arsenal could attempt to negotiate a lower fee but know they wouldn't have to go any higher than £44m. Goal reported last November that the Gunners could be tempted by the clause. DON'T MISS:Arsenal allowing player to leave hints at first January signing for ArtetaMan Utd set for bidding war as Jim Ratcliffe and INEOS launch takeover attemptSancho 'gets Man Utd return date' as Ten Hag's title charge handed fresh boost  Signing Williams for half of what Mudryk cost would leave funds for a potential second signing for Arteta. The Spaniard is in the market for a forward following the injury to Gabriel Jesus. Midfield is also an area that needs added depth, although top target Declan Rice would not move until the summer. Williams made his Bilbao debut in April 2021 and has played a further 61 times for his club since. He has eight goals and five assists so far, so improvement may well be needed in that regard. But he did enough to catch the eye of Luis Enrique, who called him up to the senior Spain side for the first time in September. He scored his first goal for his country in a friendly win over Jordan before the World Cup and came on as a substitute in all four of Spain's matches in Qatar. Williams can play on both wings and could be an exciting addition to Arteta's squad, while not breaking the bank.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here