West Ham United have made a firm decision on the future of David Moyes by opting to sack him if the Hammers lose to fellow Premier League relegation battlers Everton on Saturday, according to reports. Moyes has managed West Ham since replacing Manuel Pellegrini back in 2019 and has been largely successful in his time at the London Stadium but currently finds his long-term future at the club under intense scrutiny. West Ham have slipped into the Premier League's bottom three despite spending over £165million on new players over the summer, leaving Moyes in a difficult situation ahead of Saturday's match against former club Everton. It seems as though patience with the Scot is starting to run extremely thin in the boardroom, with the club's hierarchy prepared to pull the trigger if the Toffees manage to beat them at home this weekend, according to The Times.It is said that although West Ham chiefs recognise the success Moyes has enjoyed throughout his second spell in charge of the club, their current situation in the Premier League has persuaded those in power that a change may now be necessary. Moyes was reportedly given three matches to save his job at the start of this month, with the outcome of Saturday's meeting with Everton set to be decisive in swaying the board's decision.The Hammers are thought to have already drawn up a list of several possible replacements for their current manager, with Rafael Benitez, Carlos Corberan and Sean Dyche among those on their radar. They would ideally like Moyes to succeed in turning the club's poor form around but there is said to be an acceptance at board level that a defeat on Saturday would most likely be the final straw. JUST IN: Mateusz Klich wishes Lewandowski good luck over 'Leeds transfer' It remains to be seen whether Moyes will be able to cling onto his job at West Ham with a much-needed victory over Everton, who have also struggled to stave off the threat of relegation since the beginning of the campaign. Saturday's game could also be pivotal to deciding the future of Toffees manager Frank Lampard who, like Moyes, has often found himself in the firing line as a result of his team's lacklustre results in recent weeks.Moyes, meanwhile, has already expressed his wish to be given more time to put things right at West Ham by insisting earlier this week that he wants to keep building the foundations for long-term success at the London Stadium. "You need exciting players so that young kids want to buy a jersey so that they're not following the top two or three teams in the country," Moyes told the Diary Of A CEO podcast. "I've tried to change the team but deep down I'd really like to say I'm trying to make West Ham better."When I was a manager we'd say you get a flaky West Ham, they're not that reliable, and you don't know what West Ham team's gonna turn up. I want to change that culture. There's so much room for improvement at West Ham, I think it's got great potential to improve, and I hope that I get the opportunity to keep it going."There's been success and it's how we continue and build on it. I'm hoping that culturally I think we have changed a load of things, we're not milky, not flakey, there's a different atmosphere regarding how people see West Ham, I like the way we've done it. We've got some really exciting young players." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.