Big Sky wrapped up season three with a dramatic finale which provided ABC viewers with a whirlwind hour of murder, mystery and subterfuge. Although fans are eager to see the characters’ fates unfold, they could be forced to wait even longer as season four has yet to be confirmed. Many fans were relieved to see season three meet a satisfying end as the major storylines came to a conclusion. After being kidnapped, Emily Arlen (played by Cree Cicchino) and Denise (Dedee Pfeiffer) were finally brought home. The pair had been abducted by Buck Barnes (Rex Linn) after Emily came across Mary’s (Sofia Embid) dead body. This then drew unwanted attention to Buck and his wife Sunny Barnes (Reba McEntire) who had a history of missing customers. READ MORE: Whoopi Goldberg forces The View to go off air after row However, things took a dark turn for the couple as Sunny blindsided Buck and manipulated him into a meeting. While they stood on the hill where Buck proposed, she informed him this is the end of the line for them. Sheriff Walter (Patrick Gallagher) appeared after a brief scuffle, but when Buck beat him with a rock, Jenny Hoyt (Katheryn Winnick) and Baeu Arlen (Jensen Ackles) then tried to beat the girl’s location out of him. However, Sunny stepped in and shot Buck dead. With the girls finally back home with their families, fans were eager to see where season four would take their favourite characters. However, as ABC have yet to renew the Big Sky, fans could be left twiddling their thumbs for a while. Speaking on the show’s future, executive producer Elwood Reid shared a rather disappointing update on how things are going. With no official confirmation, the EP said: “We’ll be in the same situation we were in last year—on the bubble, waiting to hear from ABC about whether they want more of this. “I think the thing that excited me about this season was calling it Deadly Trails and telling one story and then adding the crime of the week. “I think it’s a really successful formula for the show that we finally found.” DON'T MISS:Harrison Ford recalls how filming conditions led to wardrobe mishapBlue Bloods season 13 delayed: CBS drama won’t air this weekOutlander fans fume as season 8 ending 'rules out' key storyline Elwood teased: “So the answer to that question is, we’ve got a lot of ideas. We’ve got one particularly fun, big storyline that involves a lot of our favourite characters. “I love this show, and I’ve had so much fun writing it. “The original cut [of the finale] came in at 75 minutes, and we had to go down [to 42], so we had a lot to say. “These characters are so fun, and this world that David [E] Kelley created is really fun, so I’ve got tons of material to keep going if ABC wants us to do that.” Speaking to TV Guide, he confirmed: “We just haven’t heard anything at all. It’s a little early right now.” Although the future of Big Sky remains uncertain, fans are hopeful and have taken to social media to praise the series. Many have also demanded the show’s return to see more of Cassie Dewell (Kylie Bunbury) and Cormac Barnes (Luke Mitchell) who finally made their relationship official. However, viewers will have to stay tuned to see if Big Sky will return with a fourth season. Big Sky seasons 1-3 are available to stream on ABC in the US and on Disney+ in the UK.