Tyson Fury wants to see his brother Tommy box Logan Paul and KSI after his upcoming contest with Jake Paul. Both men are set to do battle on February 26 in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia live on BT Sport Box Office. After two failed attempts at making the fight happen, the long-awaited grudge has been booked in once again. The pair announced the fight to the public with a heated face-off at the recent Artur Beterbiev vs Anthony Yarde fight night in London as Tyson watched on. Tyson has already stated that he will retire Tommy if he is unable to beat Jake next month and has even threatened to change the ex-Love Island star’s surname in the event of a slip-up. TNT wants to go down the professional route after putting to bed his rivalry with The Problem Child. However, Tyson is keen for his younger sibling to continue fighting influencers and thinks Jake’s brother Logan and British YouTube star KSI would make for entertaining matchups. "When he beats Jake Paul, I'd like to see him fight the brother Logan and then if not Logan maybe a British celebrity like KSI,” Fury told iFL TV. Paul comes in as the favourite for the 185lb catchweight bout, but Tyson, of course, is backing his brother to do the business. "I don't think it's going to be like a one punch kind of job, I think Tommy can wear him out and stick it on him in the later rounds," he added. "As soon as Tommy hits him with some hard punches, I want to see what Jake Paul's made of. MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul has Perry on standby as concerns raised about Fury fight Paul and Fury face off spirals into chaos as rivals separated in ring Beterbiev digs deep to stagger and stop Yarde in instant classic "When Tommy hits me with hard punches, it's hurt me. I know he ain't as tough or as big as me, so he's definitely going to be feeling pain and a lot of it," Fury added. "I'm glad this fight has been made, it's been going on for about two years on. When you talk a lot, you've got to back it up. Tommy and Jake have both talked a lot, so they need to deliver now and give a good fight. "They're not like some bad*** slick boxers, they are two novices with fame and popularity, so they should go in there and have a slugfest.” 