It turns out that Cleverly and Sefcovic get on very well partly because of their shared love of the famous British political sitcom Yes Minister starring Nigel Hawthorne as Sir Humphrey and Paul Eddington as the much put-upon minister (later Prime Minister) Jim Hacker. The two, apparently, have swapped quotes from the sitcom but it is perhaps only speculation that Brexit supporting Cleverly noted that Britain only ever went into the EU “to screw the French,” in the words of Sir Humphrey. You have to also wonder whether Sefcovic has acknowledged that as Sir Humphrey once noted “given the whole absurdity of the European idea Brussels is in fact doing its best to defend the indefensible and make the unworkable work.” But it would be helpful for the two sides to acknowledge that the EU is, as the sitcom points out, “only a game of national interests”. All these statements seem to be true in regard to these Brexit talks, as the two parties painfully crawl towards some sort of deal over the Northern Ireland protocol. The real question is which of the two is the Sir Humphrey pulling the strings and which is the hapless Hacker being manipulated into doing the opposite of what he wants? The assumption is that Sefcovic is the manipulative Sir Humphrey in this partnership and Cleverly is the poor put-upon minister. This is partly because Rejoiners like to fetishise Brussels as an all powerful unstoppable force to which we must eventually bow and Brexiteers cannot abide even the slightest compromise to the evil enemy in the European Commission. Maybe another Sir Humphreyism is correct: “The heartless will always win over the mindless”. The truth is somewhat different. Cleverly, who picked up the talks which were started by Lord Frost and then carried on by Liz Truss, has been sticking to his guns. The UK still has its emergency protocol legislation on the table to push through if no acceptable compromise is forthcoming. And while a senior source close to Cleverly has suggested that ahead of this morning’s Zoom meeting between the two men that the “desire to work together on a solution seems to be there”, the source also noted that the issues remain “complex and difficult”. Indeed, a source close to the Foreign Secretary was clear to me on Friday that a solution is “not close” and will not be one which Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer might want to get behind to isolate the Tory Brexiteer MPs in the European Research Group (ERG). Starmer urged Rishi Sunak in a speech in Northern Ireland to do a deal which Labour would support even if the ERG rebelled. There does not seem to be a willingness for that to happen in Team Cleverly. READ MORE: Brexit breakthrough on cards today as Cleverly meets Sefcovic The source close to the Foreign Secretary claimed it would be “great not to have to annoy the ERG, and Starmer backs it anyway, or he has to reverse ferret as to why he won’t back a deal.” As ever there are high politics at stake. Keep the Brexiteers happy, don’t rely on Labour, prevent a trade war with the EU and ensure food and medicines and other goods can go to Northern Ireland unimpeded. Complex indeed. It may well be that to compromise does involve doing something silly, as Sir Humphrey noted, but ensuring it is not done in a silly way could see both sides get away with it without losing face. DON'T MISS Blow for Sunak as poll shows uphill battle he faces with voters [REVEAL] PMQs sketch: Sunak opened 2023 with a six nil thrashing of Starmer [INSIGHT] POLL – Should MPs be paid more to attract more people to run? [REACT] Those hoping for white smoke on a deal today may be disappointed but there is no doubt that after two years of talks they are edging towards a compromise deal. It should not be underestimated how the strong rapport between Cleverly and Sefcovic will have enabled that to happen. Cleverly raised some eyebrows as a choice for Foreign Secretary but he is a quick thinker and very convivial personality with ministerial experience in the Middle East and Europe. Ironically when Boris Johnson first put him in the Foreign Office he was not happy but he has since thrived. But as matters draw to a conclusion in an increasingly opaque fashion it is worth reflecting on Sir Humphrey’s quip: “It is not for a humble mortal to speculate on the complex and elevated discussions of the mighty.” Not until they produce a deal anyway. Then it will be open season.