Sir Keir Starmer has been slapped down by Rishi Sunak within minutes of the first Prime Minister's Questions of 2023. The pair clashed over cancer waiting lists and strikes which have seen nurses and ambulance workers stage walk outs.  Sir Keir said if the Prime Minister had negotiated with nurses and ambulance workers they would not be on strike, accusing him of "choosing to prolong misery". He said: "In the 13 years of the last Labour government there were no national NHS strikes. If the Prime Minister had negotiated with the nurses before Christmas, they wouldn't be on strike. If he had negotiated with the ambulance workers, they wouldn't be on strike either. "So why is he choosing to prolong the misery rather than end these strikes?"  But Mr Sunak slapped down the Labour leader by shooting back: "We've always been clear that we want to have constructive dialogue with the unions. That is also why when it comes to the issue of pay we have accepted in full the independent recommendations of pay review bodies.   "The honourable gentleman simply doesn't have a policy when it comes to this question. He talks about wanting to end the strikes. The question for him is simple then: why does he not support our minimum safety legislation?" "We all know why ... it's because he's on the side of his union paymasters, not patients."  The Labour leader also highlighted NHS waiting lists during the debate, accusing the PM of not saying by how much he will reduce them by or when. Sir Keir said: "So much for the accountability that he wants. As ever with this Prime Minister, you scratch the surface and you find there is nothing there. "Last month, 1.4 million people waited more than four weeks for a GP appointment. When Labour left government you were guaranteed an appointment in two days. When does the Prime Minister expect to get back to that?" However, Mr Sunak replied: "When it comes to waiting lists we have already eliminated two-year wait lists - done last year. We are on track this spring to eliminate those waiting 18 months, with a clear plan to go further to eliminate those waiting 52 weeks by next spring." The Prime Minister said NHS waiting lists were one of his five priorities, adding: "What are his? They seem to change every single week. First he was against NHS outsourcing, now he is apparently in favour of it." He described Sir Keir as "inconsistent" and "unprincipled". READ ABOUT HARRY BEING SLAMMED BY AMERICANS   Sir Keir quizzed Mr Sunak over when cancer patients will "once again get the certainty of quick care that they got under Labour". The Labour leader told the Commons: "I heard the Prime Minister saying he's now registered with an NHS doctor, so he'll soon enjoy the experience of waiting on hold every morning at 8am to get a GP appointment. "But I can tell him those that are waiting now don't want another round of empty promises or boasting about what he's done, they just want to know when they'll be able to see a doctor." He added: "This is not just about routine care, there could be nothing more terrifying to be told you might have cancer, that's why the last Labour government brought in a guarantee you'd be seen by a specialist within two weeks.  DON'T MISS: Boris faces calls for inquiry as former PM lives at Tory donor's house [REVEALED] Rishi Sunak urged to 'do a deal for Britain' and end nursing strike [LATEST] Putin prepares to blast Ukraine with nuke-capable 'Sledgehammer' [REPORT]    "Today, 50,000 people are waiting longer than that - 50,000 - and everyone in this House will appreciate the anxiety that they are feeling. So, when will cancer patients once again get the certainty of quick care that they got under Labour?" But Mr Sunak accused Sir Keir of having "absolutely no understanding of the situation" as cancer referrals went down because of the pandemic. Responding to the Labour leader, the PM said: "Why is there a challenge with cancer times right now? "It's just ... absolutely no understanding of the situation. What happened to cancer referrals during Covid? They went down by almost two-thirds. That was because of a pandemic that they went down. And, by the way, if we had stayed and listened to him, we'd still be in lockdown."   Later in PMQs, SNP Westminster leader Stephen Flynn raised an investigation by Sky News into MPs earnings outside Parliament. Mr Flynn told the Commons: "In particular those in relation to the Prime Minister's favourite potential successor (Boris Johnson) which showed over the course of four months, from four speeches, he raked in in excess of a million pounds. "Does the Prime Minister not find it utterly perverse that senior members of the Conservative Party are feathering their nest in this way whilst at the same time seeking to deny working people the opportunity to strike for fair pay?" Mr Sunak replied: "I don't think we need to talk about our predecessors but I remember - I think it was one of his predecessors that did indeed work for Russia Today, if I'm not mistaken. "What I would say is he talks about the priorities. Yesterday the SNP spent time talking yet more about independence at a time when we should be talking about delivering for people across the UK. "Focusing on their jobs, improving the NHS across the UK, in Scotland, indeed as in everywhere else. That's the kind of thing I want to talk to the Scottish Government about and I hope that he'll work with me to do that."  A months-long investigation by Sky News and the Tortoise news website resulted in the launch of a new database of political donations and MPs' outside earnings. The database, called the Westminster Accounts, compiles records from the MPs' Register of Interests, the Electoral Commission and other official registers and aims to provide a comprehensive picture of the financing of British politics since the last election. As well as political donations, the Westminster Accounts identified the MPs earning the most from second jobs, with former prime minister Theresa May coming top of the list. Mrs May has received £2.8 million in payments and gifts since December 2019, mostly in the form of speaking fees paid to her private office. Former attorney general Sir Geoffrey Cox was the second-highest earning, receiving £2.1 million, mostly from his legal work, while Boris Johnson has received £1.2 million since December 2019. Mr Johnson's payments include more than £1 million in speaking fees earned since he left Downing Street in September.  