Carrick, 48, disgraced his uniform on his way to becoming one of Britain’s worst serial rapists. He used his post to pull a confidence trick on victims, telling them: “I’m a police officer, you can trust me.”  Once again come cries of disbelief and anger. How could this happen? Why wasn’t he stopped? And what happens now? Former home secretary Priti Patel said of Carrick: “This should be the moment where we say enough is enough.” She called for a law change so that the “disgraceful” culture in the Met can be tackled. Those who believe in law and order will surely agree that Scotland Yard needs root-and-branch reform. New Met Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley must now show the public what he will do. Hollow apologies should no longer be blithely rolled out. Baroness Casey, who is conducting a review of the Met Police’s standards and internal culture, said that Carrick’s case should lead to a full inquiry and she deserves support. We owe urgent change to the public, to the proud history of policing in the capital, and most of all, to Carrick’s brave victims.  The trouble with strikes is that they are contagious. RMT, Royal Mail and nurses walkouts have, with dismal inevitability, spread to the teaching profession. National Education Union teachers will hold seven days of walkouts in February and March. The Department for Education offered a 5 percent pay rise to many teachers, but the NEU is demanding above inflation. This is dreadful news and selfish timing. This poor cohort of children suffered sorely during Covid and is only now catching up. Withdrawing education at this critical time will disadvantage them further and is unlikely to gain public approval. We urge the NEU to reconsider its damaging actions for the sake of this beleaguered generation. A new book has been announced which will surely knock Prince Harry’s tiresome tome off the shelf. Boris Johnson is writing a rollicking volume about his time in Downing Street, and publisher HarperCollins promises “a prime ministerial memoir like no other”. Mr Johnson has worked as a journalist and author, and while his prose is notoriously purple and flecked with Latin flourishes, there’s no doubt it will be more of a page-turner than Harry’s self-pitying screed. Bring it on.