People with mental or physical health conditions should check whether they are suffering from one of the many health conditions that make them eligible for a Personal Independence Payment (PIP). Depending on the severity of someone's condition, this disability benefit could help with daily living or mobility costs and could be worth up to £627 from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP).  Latest reseach shows the nunber of people claiming PIP for psychiatric disorders like anxiety, stress, depression and learning disorders have shown a significant rise, according to data for October 2022. At the same time the amount of people claiming this disability benefit for musculoskeletal conditions such as arthritis, joint or back pain, and hip disorders are also rising the DWP has confirmed. A reason for this could be that there is more awareness of what conditions qualify for a PIP payment. Eligible health conditions include psychiatric disorders, musculoskeletal disease and respiratory disease. READ MORE: Money-saving challenge that promises almost £7,000 in one year The 21 main disabilities that qualify for PIP: DON'T MISS:Santander has increased interest rates for savers [UPDATE]Reducing thermostat can knock £300 off energy bills a year [ALERT]Pensioners urged to be ‘strategic’ as tax can apply to state pension [WARNING] At least 21 health conditions qualify for PIP although it's worth getting in touch with the DWP if one isn't on the list. Britons can check an online benefit calculator like the one on the Macmillan website to see if they are eligible to make a claim. PIP isn't means-tested so it doesn't matter how much someone earns or has in savings. Macmillan Cancer Support recently shared five things people can do which may make a claim for Attendance Allowance or PIP successful.     How much will PIP increase in 2023? The daily living component of the payment has a lower weekly rate of £61.85 and a higher rate stands at £92.40. PIP’s mobility component is £24.45 for the lower weekly rate and £64.50 for the higher rate. This means that someone in receipt of the higher rate of both components would be eligible for £627.60 a month.  PIP also acts as a gateway benefit to 10 additional freebies from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) worth thousands of pounds. These include: 