Make-up artist Lana Jenkins is preparing to enter the Love Island villa with a host of other sexy singletons. Ahead of the ITV2 series, presented by Maya Jama, Lana reacted to her famous friend Michelle Keegan's encouraging message to her. The Brassic actress shared the "lovely" tribute to Lana on her Instagram page. The 35-year-old actress told her 6.3million Instagram followers: "So our girl is going into Love Island. Go and smash it, darling." Michelle and Lana worked together for six months on the set of the Sky series Brassic and formed a close friendship. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media about Michelle's kind message, Lana said: "I have worked with Michelle Keegan on Brassic, so I have spent a lot of time with Michelle. "She is so beautiful inside and out so that is really lovely." READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash  Lana has been a make-up artist for the past five years and she is self-employed. She explained: "I don’t really do one-on-one make-up, I just kind of go where work is in the media and music events and fashion. "I did the Soap Awards last year so I have had a few different moments where I am like, ‘Oh my God, this is a pinch me moment.’" The Luton-born beauty revealed she dreams of going on tour with a girl band to do their make-up for each gig.   While she is confident in her field of work, the blonde bombshell admitted she is a little anxious about being on Love Island as she suffers from "imposter syndrome". She shared: "It’s a weird concept to be in front of the camera but I am sure I will get used to it. "I’ll just be myself but it’s a weird thing to think of myself being on TV. "I think I have a bit of imposter syndrome, you know when you are like, ‘Should I actually be here? What’s going on?’ But I won’t see the show, I will just be on it." DON'T MISS...How to watch Love Island live on ITV X in UK and abroad [UPDATE]First look inside Love Island's gorgeous new villa [LOVE ISLAND]Love Island sparks diversity backlash as fans ask for 'real people' [LATEST]  Lana admitted she does not have any expectations of what will happen following her time on the dating programme and is prepared to return to being a make-up artist. Love Island is gearing up for its winter edition which will start on Monday, January 16 on ITV2 and ITVX at 9pm. Returning to South Africa, lovestruck singletons will be guided through the twists and turns of coupling up in a stunning villa. Iain Stirling will once again be narrating the series, but his wife Laura Whitmore has been replaced by Glow Up host Maya.   A total of 10 contestants have been announced for this year's series so far. Along with the main show, there will be the spin-off show Aftersun which looks back at the episode of the night. It will be hosted by Made in Chelsea's Sam Thompson who dates former Love Island star, Zara McDermott. Love Island launches on ITV2 on January 16 at 9pm. 