So let me explain. I was invited to the last bacchanalian party. I know! I didn’t quite believe it either. Way back in 2008, before the banks collapsed and we careered into a crushing recession, the late Sol Kerzner threw the party to end all parties to hail the launch of his glitziest ever hotel – Atlantis, The Palm – in Dubai. To my eternal amazement, I was on the guest list.  When the invitation – a leather-bound hardback book bursting with glossy promise – plopped through my letterbox I was astounded. It took me less than a second to accept and within weeks my daughter Allegra and I flew out to attend the jamboree, feverishly anticipated by global media outlets. Kylie was the cabaret. The orgy of indulgence was to last three dazzling days. “We’ll probably be sleeping in a cupboard under the stairs,” I warned Allegra. We weren’t. Our suite was glorious and featured a glass wall on the other side of which all manner of aquatic creatures swooped and dived. Venturing into the vast marble reception we saw Michael Jordan, Keith Richards, Lily Allen, the Olsen twins and – hang on, was that Fergie? Sky presenter Dermot Murnaghan was confounded, saying “Vanessa, no disrespect, but what are we doing here?” “Shh!” I replied. “Blend in, Dermot. Just blend in!” Built in the ocean on a man-made palm tree-shaped island created by pouring gallons of concrete into the briny, the hotel was a monument to conspicuous consumption. As A-listers slurped caviar and cavorted to Kylie, while a light show exploded overhead, I couldn’t help imagining the island crumbling under the strain and the lot of us plunging to our deaths in the sea. It didn’t happen but just weeks later the world’s money markets imploded and ostentation was off the menu. It took 15 years for Beyoncé Knowles to be paid $20 million to do as Kylie did. And, yes, I’m still wondering if my invitation was lost in the post.  Can it be true that the amiable Amanda Holden and the affable Alesha Dixon are so affronted at newly recruited Britain’s Got Talent judge Bruno Tonioli’s £850,000 pay packet they’ve refused to sign new contracts? In my experience, you’re more likely to find out about a colleague’s diseases or past convictions than their salary. Figures are kept tightly under wraps. Salaries are never discussed because it’s social death if you are trousering more than a colleague and hideously embarrassing if pocketing less. Agents are sworn to secrecy. No one breathes a word. Simon if you are reading this, I’ll do it for £750,000.  Prince Andrew thought his execrable interview with Emily Maitlis was a triumph. He doesn’t often “get it”, it seems. Now he’s planning to use money the Queen left him – said to be £10million – trying to overturn his abuse deal with Virginia Giuffre. US lawyers are said to be in a state of disbelief. If Fergie has any sense she’ll hide the cash in an old mattress and divert her ex with a gorgeous golf bag. Andrew must be dissuaded from raking up this unedifying saga all over again and should heed the wise words of the Epstein victims’ lawyer, Lisa Bloom: “Prince Andrew signed his name to a settlement and now he wants out? Forget it. Not going to happen... Leave her alone. Live up to your agreement. Man up.”  How could BBC bosses have allowed radio royalty Ken Bruce to slip through their fingers? His ratings soar through the rafters. He is mild-mannered, unassuming and enthrals nine million people daily. I listened to him as an undergraduate, have worshipped him since and couldn’t believe my luck when I worked with him for over 12 years. The management should have been on their knees, begging Ken to stay. They should have given him free rein over his music and bowed to his experience. He is a treasure. Losing the jewel in Radio 2’s crown should be a sackable offence.  How I feel for my friend and fellow Strictly 2013 alumna Susanna Reid now hosting Good Morning Britain. Asked how she copes with a 3.45am alarm she admits she’s “tired a lot of the time”, drinks up to nine cups of coffee a morning and tries to nap when she gets home at around 10am. For 12 years I was up at 3am, out at 3.30am and live on Radio 2’s early show at 4am. Some days I was perky, others I felt I was wading through toffee. It was like infinite jet lag. Imagine being permanently out of synch with your family and friends. Most infuriating was being asked by strangers for details on the minutiae of my “routine”, and wanting to shriek “There is no routine! I’m just four hours tireder than you. That’s it!”  May angels bless Dame Vivienne Westwood, who has gone to her eternal rest, leaving the rest of us wrestling with a conundrum. The late designer had a village church festooned with £45,000 of her favourite MacLeod tartan. So, dear readers, which fabric would you choose to swathe the building at your funeral? I am torn between winceyette, from which the stout pyjamas my father flogged to put food on the table were made, white wedding-dress silk and fizzing frou-frou pink organza studded with real rosebuds for fragrance. You might opt for the oilcloth from your mum’s kitchen table or a crisp cotton with broderie anglaise inlets. Whatever your choice, it’s a hitherto uncharted topic of conversation. 