Former world champion Judd Trump has launched a scathing attack on BBC's snooker commentators and warned many need to ‘do their homework’. Trump gets his Masters campaign underway on Wednesday as he faces Ryan Day in the first round at Alexandra Palace. The Masters is again being shown live on the BBC with the broadcaster having the right to snooker’s other main events, the World Championship and UK Championship. Trump feels a number of commentators do not keep up-to-date with events outside of the main competitions, and therefore are unable to offer an in-depth insight to the channel’s viewers. “It’s just disappointing when some people at the BBC events don’t do their homework, they don’t know what’s going on,” the former world champion told Snooker Scene magazine. READ MORE: Ronnie O'Sullivan breaks silence on snooker match-fixing scandal after Masters victory  “You don’t get that in any other sport. Everyone in golf, tennis, the people know every single thing that’s been going on all year. I just feel that people need to try harder, work at it, be a little bit less selfish and do a bit more homework to try and build the game up.” Trump did reserve praise for snooker legend John Virgo, who will be replaced at the end of this season after over 30 years with the BBC. “He gets everything across, his voice, it’s amazing, it can’t be taught, you’ve either got it or you haven’t and he has something special,” Trump added. Virgo confirmed last year that he and fellow snooker great Dennis Taylor would leave the BBC commentary team following the World Championship later this year. The decision to replace the stalwarts with younger voices was met with criticism from snooker fans. DON'T MISS Ronnie O'Sullivan sparks jeers from crowd with typical comment after Masters winRonnie O'Sullivan breaks silence on snooker match-fixing scandal after Masters victorySnooker icon Ronnie O'Sullivan was once banned for assault and lost title due to drugs "I understand that you get over a certain age and they want to try something different,” the former Big Break man told the Telegraph. "I wouldn't have been like this 30 years ago, I would have been fighting my corner. But I've realised – and it's taken me a long time to realise it – not to get caught up in something you have no control of. I can't have any bad feelings."  Ronnie O’Sullivan remains the favourite for this year’s Masters, although he faces a tricky quarter-final test against Mark Williams. Shaun Murphy and Barry Hawkins have also already secured their places in the last eight. The Rocket will be eyeing up his eight title and he insisted he is still enjoying the moment. "It is not easy to play under pressure and I sensed that Luca felt a little uncomfortable and I tried to make the most of that and punish every mistake he made," O'Sullivan told BBC Sport after he swept aside Luca Brecel in the first-round. "At 47 you have gained a lot of experience and you have to resort to a lot of that stuff. It is an amazing feeling with 2,000 people here expecting you to play well. I'm enjoying every moment. I might say I don't care but actually there is a very good competitor there. I'll never lose that so the players can keep expecting me to come back for more. I'm not going anywhere yet."