Manchester United are talking with Real Madrid, Barcelona, PSG and Atletico Madrid about potentially signing a midfielder on loan in the wake of Christian Eriksen’s injury blow. The Denmark international will be out until April or May after limping out of the club’s 3-1 win over Reading on Saturday night. Erik ten Hag sounded negative about bringing in a replacement when quizzed on the matter at a press conference on Tuesday. United released a statement on Tuesday afternoon confirming Eriksen would be out of action for the foreseeable future. “Manchester United midfielder Christian Eriksen is expected to be out of action for an extended period because of an ankle injury sustained in our Emirates FA Cup victory over Reading on Saturday,” it read. “Our Danish midfielder was withdrawn in the second half of the 3-1 win, after being caught by a tackle from Reading striker Andy Carroll, who was later sent off for two bookable offences. “While investigations are continuing, initial assessments indicate that Eriksen is likely to be out until late April or early May. “The 30-year-old's absence will be a big disappointment to manager Erik ten Hag and fans, given the consistency of his performances throughout the season so far, making 31 appearances since arriving at Old Trafford. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “However, there is hope that Christian can return in time to play a role in the final stages of the campaign. We all wish Christian the best of luck for a speedy recovery.” Now, the Daily Telegraph have claimed United are in talks with four clubs about a potential loan deal. Real Madrid, Atletico Madrid, Barcelona and PSG have all been approached - but the Red Devils are being ‘frustrated’ in their efforts so far. United have apparently held talks over Atletico star Yannick Carrasco, despite the player being expected to join Barcelona at the end of the season. Barcelona have ‘a non-mandatory buy option to sign Carrasco as part of the deal to let Memphis Depay join Atletico.’ DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see And Ten Hag is said to be cool on the prospect of signing Carrasco at the current moment in time. They only want a loan deal and with the Belgian likelier to move to Barcelona in the summer, a move to Old Trafford isn’t on the cards. Speaking at a press conference on Tuesday, Ten Hag confirmed he was disappointed following the injury to Eriksen. He said: “Of course, he's disappointed, we are disappointed, but it happens in top football, soon it happens, but it did, and you have to deal with it. "I think you can never fill that (gap) because very player has his own characteristics, identity, another player will always fill in a different way, but it doesn't mean you have to be less successful. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “It's quite clear Christian Eriksen brings top quality to our squad and he has some specifics that are hard to replace, such as his impacts in the final third with his final ball." And Ten Hag has now talked up Fred, believing the United star can make an impact. “I think you mentioned already in your first sermon he's playing together with Casemiro in the Brazil squad,” he said. “There's worse squads in the world, they have so many choices they can make, but they play together and that tells something about the quality Fred has and what he can contribute to the team. "You see against Tottenham and Man City, when he's coming on last game he scores a goal.  “He has a lot of qualities, and they're a good combination, Casemiro and Fred." United are next in action against Nottingham Forest in the Carabao Cup on Wednesday (8pm). They lead 3-0 from the first leg, with goals from Marcus Rashford, Wout Weghorst and Bruno Fernandes propelling them to victory at the City Ground. They’re now on the cusp of a first domestic final since 2018 as a result.