A grieving family has been left heartbroken after a dad and daughter died within weeks of each other. Angela Courtney was preparing to spend her last Christmas with her family after being diagnosed with terminal cancer when she was told the devastating news her dad, Tony, had died suddenly at work. According to the Liverpool Echo, Tony, who worked as an electrician, had a heart attack on December 14. He died just three weeks before his daughter Angela, 47, lost her battle with pancreatic cancer on January 3. Angela, who worked as an air hostess for TUI, leaves behind her partner John and her six-year-old son Jonny. Tony, 70, leaves behind his wife Christine Courtney, 68, and three children Tony, 49, Bootsy, 46, and Beverley, 43. A joint funeral service was held for Tony and Angela at St Columba's Church in Huyton on January 17. Tony's family believe he died of a broken heart after hearing the news of his daughter Angela's diagnosis. Daughter Beverley Jeffreys told the Echo: "We kind of believe he died of a broken heart because he just couldn't see her die. We like to take that comfort that he died before her because he couldn't take anymore." Paying tribute to her sister, Beverley said: "Angela was honestly one of the most kind hearted people, she was just a beautiful soul. Nobody could say a bad word about her. She was kind, friendly, she was funny and she just lived for her family." Angela was first diagnosed with stage three pancreatic cancer in January last year after 12 months of going back and forwards to the doctors and hospital appointments. Doctors initially believed Angela was suffering from a hernia after she complained of pain in her abdomen and rapid weight loss.   However, she was later diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and after undergoing chemotherapy, she was told the devastating news it was terminal. The 47-year-old was moved to Marie Curie Hospice in Woolton Village in October where she died on January 3 surrounded by her family. Members of TUI's cabin crew, who worked with Angela, attended the funeral service on January 17 and formed a guard of honour inside the church. The family asked people attending the funeral to wear purple ribbons to raise awareness of pancreatic cancer, and £900 was raised in donations for the cause. Beverley said: "Everybody that went to see Angela, and all the staff at the hospice, everyone would say how dignified she was. She was just amazing. She never complained and she just got on with it. "The staff at the hospice were amazing and they made her life towards the end the best it could be - she wanted for nothing.  "It's been really awful. I'm the youngest of four, I've got two brothers and Angela, we've got a big family and we all just need to be there for my mum. When dad died everyone's focus went on Angela because I had to go and tell Angela in the hospice and that was horrific. She was heartbroken. She was crying saying 'all I wanted was a nice Christmas.' It was really, really sad."   The family are having a plaque made for Angela and Tony where they can go to remember them. Paying tribute to Tony, Beverley described him as a "funny and hardworking" dad and grandad. Tony touched a lot of lives through his work as an electrician and had many loyal customers who have written cards to his family since his sudden death. Beverley said: "He was a workaholic. He loved his job and he was so funny, so straight forward. "He was one of those guys who would always do you a favour. He was a hardworking dad and grandad." 