Pensioners are entitled to various additional support payments from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). One of said payments is Attendance Allowance, a benefit payment administered by the DWP in certain circumstances. Those entitled to this benefit support could get a maximum amount of £370 every month but only for certain older people on the state pension. This benefit payment offers financial assistance for those who a long-term disability or health condition. Attendance Allowance goes towards paying for the additional costs that arise from having said illness or disability. With the cost of living crisis placing unprecedented financial pressure on older households, this DWP support is a vital lifeline for those in need. However, there are certain factors which need to be considered before someone places a successful claim for Attendance Allowance. READ MORE: Pension triple lock ‘needs reform’ for ‘means-tested’ payments State pensioners are entitled to this DWP payment if they “have a physical disability, a mental disability (including learning difficulties), or both”, according to the Government. As well as this, successful claimants must have needed assistance for at least six months to be eligible for Attendance Allowance. The amount someone gets from DWP benefit payment is entirely dependent on the “severity” of their condition. As such, pensioners need to show evidence they require financial help and prove their condition affects them detrimentally and loses them money. This sizable payment is handed out in two different rates, one higher and the other lower, which are given to claimants after review of their condition. Older individuals are able to claim £92.40 a week if they are eligible for the higher rate or £61.85 if they are entitled to the lower amount from Attendance Allowance. Anyone who is dealing with a severe disability health condition will most likely get up to £369.60 monthly from Attendance Allowance. However, if someone on the state pension has their disability or condition alter significantly, claimants must inform the DWP as this could affect how much they eventually get. READ MORE: Waspi women wait for compensation verdict as 'cruel' rumours fly Extra support through benefit payments or concessions, such as Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or Council Tax Reduction, are also available to those of pension age. Payments of Attendance Allowance are paid directly into the older claimant's bank or building society account of their choice. Additional cash received from DWP benefit payment does not cover a pensioner’s mobility costs. Claimants can apply for Attendance Allowance by calling the benefit payment’s helpline on 0800 731 0122 or download a claim form for the payment on the GOV.UK website. On its website, Age UK outlined how the DWP benefit payment is awarded to eligible state pensioners. The charity stated: “The amount you get is based on the help you need, not any help you do or don't actually get. “There are two different amounts, depending on how much help you need. Any money you do receive doesn't need to be spent on your care. “The money you receive isn't means-tested - so your savings or income won't affect your claim. Claiming also won't affect any other benefits you receive.”