Marcos Reus’ agent was spotted at Manchester United during their 2-1 win over Manchester City. The Borussia Dortmund star’s contract is due to expire at the end of the season, leading to uncertainty over his future at the Westfalenstadion. And whether he moves to the Premier League remains to be seen. Reus recently admitted he was considering his future, having been at Dortmund ever since arriving from fellow Bundesliga side Borussia Monchengladbach back in 2012. "That's what I have an agent for – to take care of these things,” said the Germany international, who has been regularly plagued by injuries over the years. "Of course you look ahead. I still have half a year left on my contract, I have to think about it. “We will have talks and see in which direction it goes. We'll see what the future brings." And the Daily Mail have obtained images of Reus’ agents, Dirk Hebel and Darren Freeman, at Old Trafford during Saturday’s victory over City. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Hebel is Reus’ main agent and was recently quizzed on a move to Saudi Arabian side Al-Nassr by saying: “It is quite normal that other clubs are interested in a player like Marco, whose contract expires in six months. “Marco has always emphasised how much BVB is close to his heart, but also that he wants to continue playing football. “So it's only natural that we have to look at other options.” Reus has previously been linked with United, especially during the years where Louis van Gaal ruled the roost. Speaking after his departure, in January 2016, Van Gaal name-dropped the German when discussing players he admired. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see “They played aggressive and pressing football that Jurgen Klopp is now showing with Liverpool,” he said. “At that time the German teams were not used to that. "He also had a very good squad with players like Robert Lewandowski, Marco Reus and Mats Hummels for example. “They were in great form and great shape and they showed the aggressive football that he shows also here. "Every manager has his own identity, his own personality and his own philosophy." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here City themselves have also been linked with Reus. But it’s hard to see where he’d fit in at the Etihad Stadium given the plethora of attacking football Pep Guardiola has at his disposal. Meanwhile, Reus is being linked with United at a time where they’re finally starting to get their act together. The Red Devils have won their last nine matches across all competitions, establishing themselves as a major force again in the process. And Gary Neville thinks United will finish higher than Arsenal, despite the Gunners currently being nine points clear at the top of the table. “No – but I said Leicester would win the league,” he said of the Gunners. “They won’t win the league. Manchester City will win the league, and I think Manchester United will finish second. “I know that will annoy Arsenal fans and it’s annoyed them all season, and do you know something? I’d rather have Arsenal win the league than Manchester City. “I think it would be absolutely sensational for the Premier League.” He then added: “Of course, I’d love Manchester United to come and win it. “But I don’t think it’s going to happen this season. I’d love Arsenal to win it more than Manchester City of course I would, but the reality of it is I think Manchester City will, at some point, hit a run.”