But, like many of you, I have my views about Harry’s memoir since it was released. And I have to say my overwhelming feeling is just one - sadness. Sadness that it’s come to this. And sadness that Harry feels the need to drive such a huge wedge between himself and his brother William. I am lucky enough to have four brothers. We had scuffles growing up that make Spare look Bare! But I can tell you we are all close and remain sound as a pound. We probably don’t see enough of one another but we all know what’s going on in each other’s lives. We mainly keep in touch via a WhatsApp group where the main conversation topic revolves around Manchester United's ups-and-downs! But an unbreakable bond exists between us, and that will never, ever change. If I ever had a problem with one of my brothers, or anyone in my family, I’d pick up the phone or go and see them. I certainly wouldn’t be slagging them off in a book. Why? Well, blood is thicker than water. It’s just as simple as that. As I told you in last week’s column we sadly lost our mother, Josie, last November, just two weeks short of her 94th birthday. She was our very own Queen and believe me she ruled from her armchair. We could see mum was at her happiest when her boys were all gathered together, at her house in Belfast on a Saturday afternoon. She’d be there, sitting in her chair as we all arrived from our different locations. My overriding memory will always be the sound of laughter and three conversations going on at once. The happiness was evident to her. It was her dying wish that that gathering, that happiness, would always continue. Mostly we’d just talk rubbish about our weeks, share stories, catch up and constantly rib each other. Harry may call that bullying, but we find it funny, friendly and the glue that keeps us together. It was where we all truly felt at home, it’s as if we were still kids and my brothers and I are determined it is a tradition we will try to carry on even though mum is no longer with us. Why? Because it’s what Queen Josie wanted and there’s a thing called family duty and respect for her wishes. Without saying it, we all know how much that would mean to her. I was also saddened to hear Harry direct so much anger towards his stepmother, Camilla. I’ve been fortunate enough to meet Camilla on a number of occasions and she has never been anything other than completely charming, sociable, welcoming and very funny. It feels unfair to see her name dragged into all of this, especially when she has no chance of ever responding and putting her side across. No Royal journalist I have spoken to says she ever traded information. Harry says differently. But Harry seemingly has little intention of staying silent. Over the weekend it was reported he even had enough material to write at least one more book. He said a lot of what he put in the original book was taken out. I’m sure he does have other material! All families have enough secrets, gossip and unspoken grudges to fill thousands of pages. But it doesn’t mean you have to write them down or leave them dangling over your relatives' heads like some kind of sword. No. Instead of reaching for your laptop, I’d like to offer you some advice to Harry, and it’s this. Just stop. Pick up the phone. And invite William for a pint. Then thrash out your problems face-to-face. Like men, and like brothers. It might not generate as much money, but it would start to win you back some respect. Life’s too short for all of this.