January to March is known as ‘Wave Season’ in the cruise industry and is renowned as the best time to book a cruise. Yasmin Pekel, owner of Blue Cruise, shared her top tips to secure the best cruise. Yasmin said: “A cruise is often a significant investment, both emotionally and financially. As a result, you’ll always want the best bang for your buck, whether in the form of entertainment, great food or even just a nice relaxing getaway. “There are several things you need to consider when selecting the cruise line or package that you’d like. “Many cruises offer different things and packages vary, from drinks packages to cuisines, so always do your research first to avoid disappointment!” From party cruises to adventurous voyages, there’s a cruise package to suit everyone no matter their tastes. READ MORE: Expats in Portugal explain how it’s a financial ‘nightmare at times’ Yasmin said: “Time of year is important when cruising, depending on your intended destinations and how busy you want your cruise to be. “April, September and January tend to be the quietest times to travel, while summers are often extremely busy. “Alternatively, December through to February is usually a good time to travel to warmer locations, as the climate is often temperate and offers the least amount of rain.” If tourists are looking to mingle with other guests they might like to travel during a busier month. “The amenities, size, view and accessibility of your cruise cabin are all very important. “For those who tend to get seasick or those who just want a good and quiet night’s sleep, the location of your room should be a top priority. In addition, for those looking to budget, look for an interior room, as these will be cheaper,” Yasmin said. If passengers are worried about seasickness they might want to opt for a cabin in the middle of the ship on a lower deck when the motion isn’t felt as much. It’s also a good idea to have a balcony or window if seasickness is a worry as looking at the horizon and getting fresh air may help. READ MORE: 'Beautiful' Canary Islands hotspot is a leading destination Yasmin advised: “The average length of a cruise is seven days, but there are also longer and shorter options available. “The longer a cruise, the more expensive, so if you want to cut costs, it’s always a safe bet to go for fewer days. “Alternatively, if you have any pets or children at home, a short cruise may be the best option!” Britons can always extend their trip by booking a few nights in a hotel on either side of their cruise holiday. “One of the best things about a cruise is that you not only get to explore and relax onboard but visit a variety of new locations,” said Yasmin. She added: “There are many different cruise routes, providing the opportunity to witness Arctic sights to balmy beaches. “With cultural hotspots, new cuisines to try and a medley of exciting opportunities at every port, you should liaise with your booking agent to find the perfect route for you.” Tourists could also get the best of both worlds by booking a Mediterranean cruise that incorporates beaches and city ports.