Arsenal have been told that they will need to make two transfers this month in order to boost Mikel Arteta’s options in their title race. Chelsea are set to beat the Gunners to the signing of Mykhaylo Mudryk. The Gunners made an improved third offer for the 22-year-old winger and appeared to be the frontrunners to sign the Ukrainian, but the Blues have attempted their latest hijack to bring the starlet to Stamford Bridge. Chelsea have reached an agreement with Shakhtar Donetsk over an £88million bid, with the player's preference said to be key. He has dropped several hints on social media that he is desperate for a move to the Emirates but now appears as though he could be going to Stamford Bridge. Arsenal’s lack of quality in depth across their frontline has been highlighted in recent weeks, though former Crystal Palace striker Clinton Morrison believes that further investment is needed this month in midfield as well as in the attack. “I think they need to buy someone,” Morrison told Sky Sports. “There’s talk and they’re linked with a few wide players, Mudryk that can play three of those positions. I think he would be a good signing because do you want to go get an out-and-out number nine? I think [Eddie] Nketiah has scored goals, as he has proven recently. “What I like about Nketiah is he is not bothered about what he does outside of the box, he’s just born to score goals. It will let [Bukayo] Saka and [Gabriel] Martinelli and [Martin] Odegaard create chances, and he is the one you want to get in the box and scoring goals. [Gabriel] Jesus we don’t know when he is coming back, but I think it will be one in the wide areas that can operate as a number nine. “And I still think they need a central midfielder, because I have said it many times. If anything happens to Thomas Partey, it would be a huge blow for them because I think he has been outstanding. We talk about all the good attacking players, he sits there and is showing the outstanding form that he showed when he was at Atletico Madrid.” DON’T MISS Paul Scholes agrees with Marcus Rashford after Antony overshadowedTen Hag shoots down claims Rashford went above and beyond vs Man CityMan Utd star Rashford lets three players off the hook in Man City win Arteta and sporting director Edu did attempt to bolster their midfield in the summer window, as three bids were tabled for Aston Villa’s Douglas Luiz but the final offer of around £25million was turned down late in the window. Partey has not had the most stellar injury record throughout his career, and the Gunners’ only Premier League defeat of the season came when he was out of the team. Partey was sidelined for the 3-1 defeat to Manchester United in September when Albert Sambi Lokonga deputised for the Ghanaian, as Mohamed Elneny also missed the game through injury.