Chelsea are reportedly considering a move for PSV Eindhoven forward Noni Madueke this month. The Blues are also closing in on an agreement to sign Joao Felix on loan from Atletico Madrid with Graham Potter set for a busy January, as two others join Madueke on his attacking transfer wish list. The Blues have been hugely active since the turn of the year with Benoit Badiashile, David Datro Fofana and Andrey Santos already bedding in at Stamford Bridge. More high-profile signings could be on the way, with Potter's side still some way off the top-four pace. Reports indicate that Felix could soon be heading to west London for the rest of the campaign after Chelsea agreed to meet Atletico's hefty loan demands. He could be joined by Madueke before the end of the month as The Times claim that Potter and co are considering a move. Madueke spent four years in Tottenham's academy but broke through in senior football after moving to PSV, where he has scored an impressive 19 goals in 77 matches and earned four caps for England U21s. JUST IN: Leeds' revamped XI with new signing and £66m duo The 20-year-old has been linked with a move back to his homeland in the past but he is under contract in Eindhoven until 2025, which could prompt the Dutch outfit to demand more than his reported £13million valuation. In the meantime, Chelsea are eyeing another low-cost attacking option having reportedly stepped up talks to sign Borussia Monchengladbach forward Marcus Thuram. Unlike Madueke, the Frenchman is out of contract at the end of the season which puts Gladbach under pressure to cash in while they can. DON'T MISS...Jurgen Klopp may have got glimpse of Liverpool future in Wolves clashLeeds target £66m double transfer deal with 'full agreement' closeWout Weghorst to Man Utd in jeopardy as Besiktas chief makes demand  Thuram is also thought to have admirers at Manchester United after notching 13 goal contributions in 15 Bundesliga games this season and featuring at the World Cup with Les Bleus. Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk completes the shortlist, with Felix's move all-but sealed, but the Ukrainian would cost significantly more than the aforementioned duo. Shakhtar supposedly want £88m to let go of Mudryk with Arsenal also in the running for his signature. The player himself has flirted with the idea of signing for the Gunners and Chelsea co-owner Todd Boehly is thought to want assurances over whether Mudryk would be prepared to ditch dreams of playing at the Emirates before launching a formal bid.  Felix, who appears bound for Stamford Bridge, will set the Blues back a reported £9m for the rest of the season, not including the full extent of his wages which will also be paid for by Boehly and co. The former Golden Boy winner has fallen out with Atletico boss Diego Simeone and many feel as though he has failed to reach his true potential in the Spanish capital. Chelsea have lacked potency in front of goal this season with Potter's side still languishing in mid-table.