Chelsea’s first transfer window under Roman Abramovich would be the most expensive ever once adjusted by the rate of football’s inflation today, coming to a total of nearly £700million. The Russian billionaire’s takeover made the club one of the richest in the world when he arrived in 2003 and they wasted no time in splashing the cash to bring in some of the biggest names in the world at the time. Chelsea’s expenditure is once again the topic of many headlines in the last six months with Todd Boehly forking out around £406m over the last two transfer windows. However, this pales into insignificance when compared to Abramovich’s first window at the Blues. While it only cost around £111m at the time, football finance expert Kieran Maguire states it would have cost £692.4m once adjusted by Premier League inflation. Here Express Sport takes a trip down memory lane and takes a look at the players who arrived over the course of the window and how they fared at Stamford Bridge... Damien Duff £17m The most expensive signing of the window, Duff joined the club from Blackburn after finishing the season as the club’s top scorer as they qualified for the UEFA Cup. The Ireland international impressed during his first season at the club but regularly found himself on the sidelines after the arrival of Arjen Robben, eventually moving on to Newcastle in a £5m deal in 2006. Hernan Crespo £16.8m Crespo arrived with a reputation for being one of the most dangerous strikers in world football after making his name in the Serie A. However, his time at Stamford Bridge did not go quite as he would have hoped. The Argentine netted a creditable 25 goals in 73 appearances but spent three of his five years at the club out on loan in Italy after failing to impress Jose Mourinho, returning to his former club Inter Milan when his contract expired. Claude Makelele £16m The midfielder arrived from Real Madrid and was a huge success story in his time at the club. The Frenchman was at home in the holding midfield role and made such an impression in the position that it was named after him and Chelsea No 6’s are still regularly compared to him today. Adrian Mutu £15.8m Another attacking arrival from the Serie A, Mutu was something of a disaster despite showing excellent form for Parma. The Romanian started well with four goals in his first three games but quickly tailed off and endured a difficult relationship with Jose Mourinho. He tested positive for cocaine in September 2004, leading to a seven-month ban and Chelsea terminating his contract. The forward was later forced to pay compensation to the club as a result of his actions. DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Ten Hag has three players who need dropping after Arsenal lossLiverpool urged to pinch 'Chelsea's own Maldini' to form Van Dijk partnershipChelsea ditch hijacker tag with Boehly set to do Tottenham huge favour with Ziyech Juan Sebastian Veron £15m Another who struggled at Stamford Bridge, Veron arrived on the back of a poor spell at Manchester United and things did not get better at Chelsea. While he scored on his debut, it was all downhill from there and the Argentine returned to Italy following the arrival of Mourinho - a running theme with many of Abramovich’s first signings. Geremi £7m The Cameroon international was another midfielder to sign from Real Madrid after impressing during a loan spell in the Premier League with Middlesbrough. Also capable of playing right-back, Geremi enjoyed a good first season before becoming another to see his game time reduced after the arrival of Mourinho, going on to join Newcastle in 2007. Wayne Bridge £7m The Englishman impressed as a youngster at Southampton, tempting Abramovich to part with £7m for him. He was a consistently solid performer in a Blues jersey but was reduced to the role of backup after Ashley Cole made the move from Arsenal in 2006 before joining Manchester City in 2009. Joe Cole £6.6m Another exciting young talent at the time, Cole enjoyed a good career at Chelsea after joining from West Ham. While injuries got in the way of him reaching his full potential he is widely considered to be something of a club icon and enjoyed seven trophy-laden years while in west London before joining Liverpool on a free 2010. Glen Johnson £6m Johnson was the first purchase Abramovich made while at Chelsea. He was not able to reach the same heights as Cole did at Stamford Bridge, however, becoming something of a bit part player. He eventually joined Portsmouth in 2007 following a successful loan spell at Fratton Park. Alexey Smertin £3.45m Smertin joined Chelsea on the back of three seasons at Bordeaux and it is difficult to see any reasons for his arrival other than the fact he was Russian. He spent two seasons out on loan at Portsmouth and Charlton after failing to really enter the first-team picture before joining Dynamo Moscow in 2006. Neil Sullivan £500k The Scotland international spent one year at Stamford Bridge after being convinced to join from Tottenham to become the club’s No 2, behind Carlo Cudicini. He made eight appearances for the club before going on to Leeds for more first-team football.