A mum who once ate McDonald's three times a day has shed almost 14 stone after being "tormented" by her weight. Melanie Malone, 31, struggled to complete daily tasks because of her 23-stone frame. She embarked on a weight-loss journey after she found she couldn't fit into her friend's kitchen. The once fast food-addicted mum, who estimates she spent up to £5,400 on takeaways per year, now looks like a new woman nearly two decades after she was mercilessly teased for her size in school. Mean-spirited classmates dubbed her the Michelin Man and Bruce Bogtrotter in her teens, sparking a comfort eating habit that caused Ms Malone to eat more. She said she became a "massive binge-eater", and subsisted on a diet of fizzy drinks, up to 10 bags of crips per day and £10 to £15 worth of takeaways. She also admitted to having McDonald's for breakfast, lunch and dinner. By 2018, the Manchester-based singer had reached 23 stone with a dress size of 28, and experienced trouble walking and fitting in her bath. READ MORE: My 600lb Life fans outraged at 'jealous' Vianey for jeopardising Allen She took urgent action to lose weight after her friend died from a heart condition in September 2021. Ms Malone turned her life around, first concentrating on reforming her diet, which ultimately proved unsuccessful. After exhausting her other options, she turned to invasive surgery and paid £2,500 to have a gastric sleeve installed in Turkey. Beforehand, she was able to cut her weight to 19 stone, and she undertook a self-development course on nutrition to prepare her for the surgery. She said she didn't want to leave her daughter "without a mum" and had to "make life changes". Ms Malone added that she felt she had to "take this drastic step", which ultimately helped her "kick start" the rest of her self-care journey. Now, she has reformed her diet, switching breakfast rolls, pie, lasagne and crisps for small portions of porridge, sandwiches and fruit. While the surgery worked in her case, doctors have warned people not to pay for surgery abroad following recent deaths. In November 2022, Ireland's Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA) said it was aware of a young mother from Dublin who died following a bariatric weight loss operation in Turkey. And earlier that year, Derbyshire builder Joe Thornley died following a gastric sleeve procedure in Istanbul. According to the Daily Mirror, surgeons told Mr Thornley's mother he had died from internal bleeding at the site of the operation. Speaking to the publication, specialist surgeon Nick Carter said he had seen "disasters" of people who had operations "a day or two" after returning from abroad. He said he had seen one person with "mesh sticking out of their abdominal wall" and another with "dead tissue" left inside their body. Consultant surgeon Omar Khan said it is a “major problem” that people are trying to sidestep NHS waitlists by booking risky foreign operations. He said that botched bariatric surgery can potentially cause "catastrophic problems”. He added that leaks could cause "really severe infections" that require urgent attention.