Temperatures have plummeted over the last few days with the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) even issuing a cold weather alert. Cold weather can cause a plethora of problems in and around the home from slippery paths and driveways to burst pipes. Unfortunately, cold weather is the biggest cause of burst pipes so it’s vital that homeowners take the necessary precautions to avoid water damage. With this in mind, Anna McEntee from the home insurance team at Comparethemarket has shared her tips for avoiding burst pipes caused by cold temperatures. As well as how to avoid a burst pipe, Anna has shared how homeowners can prevent further damage if pipes do end up freezing. Anna said: “Issues with running water and heating in the winter are not only uncomfortable, but water damage caused by leaks can be potentially costly to fix. READ MORE: ‘Brilliant’ 95p spray to remove tough oven glass stains in 5 minutes “As temperatures across the country drop below zero, the water in pipes freezes and expands, causing cracks and ruptures, which defrosted water can then leak out from.” 1. Don’t leave your heating off for long periods of time With the cost of living crisis and energy bills on the rise, many Britons will be avoiding switching on their heating too frequently. However, although it may be tempting to leave radiators off when you’re not around, this could cause a burst pipe. Anna said: “If you’re away from home this winter, leave your heating on, even if it’s just for an hour a day, or at a low level.” DON'T MISSUnblock toilets easily using simple DIY method - ‘nothing else works’ [INSIGHT]7 methods to stay warm at night without heating as temperatures drop [UPDATE]'Best' method to clean damp walls to make mould 'disappear'  [ANALYSIS] 2. Ask a plumber to fit a leak-detection device This device will detect if there’s a sudden spike in your water usage. The device will cut off the water supply, helping to limit the damage. 3. Carry out visual checks for leaks As temperatures drop, experts advise regularly checking under sinks and behind bath panels for any cracks, drips or leaks. 4. Don’t put your dishwasher or washing machine on before you go out We’re all guilty of putting the dishwasher on before bed or before going out for the day, however, Anna warned we should only use these appliances when at home. READ MORE: ‘Biggest turn offs’ for buyers when viewing properties for sale Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea She explained: “Only using these appliances while you’re at home means you’ll hopefully be able to spot a leak before it becomes a more significant issue.” 5. Turn the water off if you’re going away If you’re going to be away for a significant amount of time, switch your water off before you leave. Turning your water off will go some way in preventing any issues such as leaks. Turn the water supply off at your stopcock Stopcocks are usually located under the kitchen sink or in the downstairs toilet. However, in flats or apartments, these could be located in a communal area. Try to familiarise yourself with your stopcock’s location so you can easily find its location if there is a burst pipe. Don’t pour boiling water directly onto a frozen pipe Anna said: “Pouring boiling water directly onto a frozen pipe can cause it to crack, so this should never be attempted. “Heating in a more controlled way will help reduce the risk of this happening.” Switch your water and central heating off As soon as you’ve done this, call an emergency plumber and then contact your insurance provider. Most insurers have a 24-hour helpline, so you can reach them at any time of day or night.