Gary Shearer, 23, died trying to save his father in a fire in Litherland, near Liverpool, earlier this month. His dad, Rab 60, was found dead inside the house and was named locally as Rab Shearer. Despite the danger, Gary reportedly went into the blazing building. The occupants were given CPR by firefighters and paramedics from North West Ambulance Service. Gary, who was rushed to the hospital, was for two weeks in "critical" condition but died on Sunday. His "utterly heartbroken" relatives lauded “hero" Gary for "fighting the fight of your life" and "giving his life" trying to save his dad, according to The Sun, with tributes flooding on social media. His uncle, William, wrote on Facebook: "Gary, you fought the fight of your life kid, but it sadly got the better of you." He added: "You gained your angel wings, wear them with pride you are and always will be our hero. Sleep tight, Gary."  His cousin, Steven Wardle, described Gary as "a hugely loved member of the family". He said: "I still find it hard to say it, but rest in peace Gary. As far as cousins go, he was the best you could ask for. "From helping you move house to keeping the kids entertained, he was a hugely loved member of the family and will be sadly missed. "And what he did for his dad ‘Uncle Rab’ that night was nothing short of heroic." READ MORE: ExpressVPN review: This superb VPN service is worth the cost The Beaky Social Club in Bootle posted: "Shirley, Margy and the bar staff send our sincere condolences to Ray Shearer, Andrew Shearer and all the Shearer family, on the loss of their beloved brother Gary Shearer. "No words can ease the pain you feel today, but please know we are here if you need anything. RIP Gary, you gave your life to try to save your beloved dad, what a hero you are. "Sleep peacefully now, safe in your mum and dad’s loving arms, safe in your mum & dad's loving arms, goodbye & God bless. Sympathy & love to all the Shearer family & anyone who is hurting today by this awful news." Another person was able to flee the building at the time, according to a fire department official, and raised the alarm. DON'T MISS:Teenager and dog rescued from frozen pond in icy temperatures [REPORT] Thick plumes of black smoke billowing across west London skies [REPORT] Carragher bashed for snap with Smith after 'homophobic remarks' made [REPORT] Smoke alarms woke them up, and they were then brought to the hospital with severe smoke inhalation. Gary's death was confirmed by a GoFundMe page set up for the family following the death of Rab Shearer. A message posted read: "Unfortunately on Sunday Gary also sadly lost his life we are all devastated no family should have to go through this so we have raised our target and we're raising more to help the family rebuild and pay for Gary's last farewell. Rest in perfect paradise cheeky face you'll be sadly missed in our close." An MFRS spokesperson told the ECHO: "Sadly we can confirm we have been informed that the second person seriously injured in the fire at Daisy Mews, Litherland has passed away." An e-bike that had been left charging overnight was the cause of the fire that spread rapidly through open internal doors, according to a joint investigation by MFRS and Merseyside Police. READ NEXT:California mass shooting suspect described as a 'disgrunted worker'70 firefighters tackle large blaze at London Kebab shopMan rushed to hospital after 25 firefighters scrambled to blazeMan Utd star Garnacho told to 'fire his agent' after contract disputePart of Edinburgh city centre evacuated after huge fire at shop