Manchester United chief executive Richard Arnold has issued a statement to prospective buyers of the club that Old Trafford fans "will be integral" to their success in the future after the Glazers struggled to win over supporters during their time in charge. It was announced back in November that the Glazer family were ready to sell the club after a near two-decade stint as owners.  The late Malcolm Glazer bought United back in 2005 for £790million at the time to much anger from the club's supporters. That frustration has grown over time with most games at Old Trafford now featuring several banners calling for the Glazers to get out of the club. They now look set to get their wish with The Raine Group now conducting the search for United's next owner. There is some optimism that a buyer will be in place before the end of the season, with the Glazer family hoping to sell up for around £5billion. But club officials are keen to stress the importance of the new owners striking up a strong relationship with the United supporters from the outset to avoid a similar situation happening while under the Glazers. United chief Arnold was speaking at a fan's forum last month with the minutes only just being released. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  And he made it clear that whoever comes in will be asked to keep communication with fans open. “What’s clear is that fans will be integral to the success of Manchester United under any ownership model, and we see this body as an important part of the club’s governance structure irrespective of what happens with the strategic review," he said. “Certainly, we will be advising any prospective new investors on the value of the fan engagement processes we have built in recent years, and recommending that they continue to be strengthened.” Arnold also gave a brief update on the club's current position in looking for a new buyer.  “We can’t say a great deal beyond what we announced in our statement – that the club is conducting a strategic review to explore options for attracting new investment into the club, to enhance the club's future growth opportunities," he added. “As part of this process, the board will consider all strategic alternatives, including new investment into the club, a sale, or other transactions involving the company. "This will include an assessment of several initiatives to strengthen the club, including stadium and infrastructure redevelopment, and expansion of the club’s commercial operations on a global scale, each in the context of enhancing the long-term success of the club’s men’s, women’s and academy teams, and bringing benefits to fans and other stakeholders. “When and in what form that investment comes remains uncertain, but I feel confident in saying it will be a positive process for the club because we all understand the capital needs that we have, in terms of redeveloping the stadium and training ground while continuing to build a winning team."