Death in Paradise is now halfway through its 12th season and continues to be one of the most popular shows on BBC One. The comedy-drama regularly welcomes an array of guest stars but the series' main cast has also changed quite a lot since it first started airing in 2011. Among the newer characters is Officer Marlon Pryce (played by Tahj Miles) who was a petty criminal when fans first met him. Marlon was welcomed to the Saint Marie-set show at the start of season 10 when he was arrested. Quickly realising he was just someone down on his luck, Commissioner Selwyn Patterson (Don Warrington) gave Marlon a job working as a police officer. He was mentored in the early days by Sergeant JP Hooper (Tobi Bakare) until he left to take on a new job at a police station on a neighbouring island. Fast forward to series 12 and Marlon has slowly but surely matured while working with the rest of the team. READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star In this latest episode, Marlon is going to be getting organised for his upcoming sergeant exams. Of course, old habits die hard as the youngster finds himself struggling to concentrate. Actor Miles confessed he did initially compare his character to JP who was in the force for years before becoming a sergeant. Nevertheless, while it may seem quite soon for the newbie to be getting a promotion, Miles has explained why he would be great for the role. He said: "On paper, no way, he can’t be [a sergeant]. "I am always comparing him to JP, and he hasn’t had close to the experience he had. "But there is more to being a police officer than what is in a book. "Sometimes it’s about who you are as a person and what you can bring to the force." DON'T MISS...Our Yorkshire Farm emergency as air ambulance rushes to Ravenseat [EXPLAINER]Crime drama The Diplomat could be the new Death in Paradise [REVEALED]Everyone Else Burns episode schedule on Channel 4 [RELEASE DATE] Miles continued: "I think Marlon has a lot of qualities that could make him a very good sergeant. "How close he is to the Saint Marie community, the people he knows, the way he can think outside of the box and take shortcuts. "If he can work on the academic side of the job, he could make a great Sergeant, but it is up to him." As with every episode, there is also an investigation that the team needs to look into. Death in Paradise season 12, episode four, airs on Friday, January 27, at 9pm on BBC One. The synopsis reads: "The team joins Naomi in Saint Barnabas when her best friend’s father is murdered at a wedding. "Meanwhile, Marlon tries to prepare for his sergeant exams but is easily distracted." Death in Paradise continues every Friday at 9pm on BBC One.