Manchester United may complete two deals before the 11pm transfer deadline in a sensational twist after starting the day unlikely to be active. Erik ten Hag is closing in on the loan capture of Bayern Munich midfielder Marcel Sabitzer, but he could add another midfielder to his ranks in the coming hours. German reports confirm United are set to agree a straight loan for Sabitzer, despite murmurs in England that the club will have the option to buy him this summer. But the 28-year-old might not be the only midfielder arriving at Old Trafford this evening amid an influx of reports revealing different inquiries. According to the Mail, United have contacted Eintracht Frankfurt over the possibility of signing attacking midfielder Daichi Kamada. The Japanese star's contract expires this summer, and Ten Hag is short on cover for Bruno Fernandes after ruling Donny van de Beek out for the rest of the season and Christian Eriksen for the majority. Foot Mercato also report that United have approached Lyon about 24-year-old Houssem Aouar, also out of contract in July. And Relevo claim the Red Devils have also put their feelers out to Fiorentina, asking about Sofyan Amrabat's availability after his impressive 2022 World Cup. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE United completing a second deal after Sabitzer is improbable, with just hours of the January transfer window remaining. But with Van de Beek and Eriksen sidelined for the long term and Scott McTominay also currently out injured, Ten Hag could spring a surprise. Casemiro and Fred are his only two central midfielders ahead of a hectic fixture schedule essentially featuring a game every three days until March. Youth stars like Kobbie Mainoo and Zidane Iqbal have been used to fill the bench this season, but it's no surprise Ten Hag wants established options. DON'T MISS: Man Utd attempt to fend off Sabitzer hijack as Ten Hag gets involved  United are still competing in all four competitions, the only English club left doing so, which is a credit to the commendable start to the Dutchman's tenure. They are set to book their place in the Carabao Cup final on Wednesday night, holding a 3-0 advantage when Nottingham Forest visit Old Trafford for their semi-final second leg. United host West Ham United at Old Trafford for a spot in the FA Cup quarter-finals and will face Barcelona in the Europa League knockout play-off round. In between the three cup competitions, the Red Devils are in a solid position to finish in the Premier League top four and bring Champions League football back to Old Trafford at the first time of asking. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here