A man had died following a collision with a tram in Wythenshawe in south Manchester. Emergency sercives attended the scene on Friday evening at Poundswick Lane following the incident.  Sadly the man died at the scene. The driver of the tram remained at the scene to assist police with their inquires and members of the public have been advised to avoid the area. In a statement, Greater Manchester Police confirmed that a pedestrian had died following the collision.  They said: "At around 8:25pm this evening (Friday 13 January 2023), officers were called to reports of a collision involving a tram and a pedestrian. "Sadly when emergency services attended the scene, the 29-year-old male pedestrian had passed away. "The driver remained at the scene to assist officers enquiries. A scene will remain in place." It comes barely a month after a crash between a tram and taxi in Manchester City Centre on December 9, according to The Manchester Evening News.  READ MORE: Sophie ignores Harry's book in first personal message since claims One person was taken to hospital following the collision on the stretch of track on Shudehill close to the Arndale Centre and the Northern Quarter. Emergency services raced to the scene following the incident that occurred just after 6pm, with a cordon being put in place near the junction at Withy Grove. Fire crews were spotted around a silver hackney carriage taxi as they helped free one person from the vehicle. Fortunarely there were no fatalaties from that incident.  DON'T MISS: Firm forced to pull down 'offensive' billboard poke fun in new advert [REVEAL] Dennis McGrory gets life sentence for murder and rape of teenager [INSIGHT] Full scale of British wind power laid bare as UK free from Russian gas [SPOTLIGHT] There was widespread disruption of the Metrolink network following the incident as the line was blocked for an hour. Bus services heading to Shudehilll Interchange had to be re-routed. There were also significant delays for motorists on many of the roads in and around the city centre. 