 Vladimir Putin has started rolling out a "super weapon" capable of triggering "radioactive tsunamis", Russian insiders have claimed. The nuclear Poseidon torpedoes – described as the despot’s most "inhumane" weapon yet. Russian state media has claimed the weapon has been successfully manufactured and tested, and is now set to be loaded onto its first submarine.  An unnamed source said to be close to the nation’s defence industry told the state-run outlet TASS: "The first batch of Poseidon ammunition has been manufactured and will be soon delivered to special-purpose nuclear-powered submarine Belgorod." The Kremlin has claimed the weapon has an unlimited range and travels up to 80mph underwater. The elusive rocket is designed to move through water undetected by radar and is supposed to detonate when it reaches its target – creating a huge potential threat for coastal areas. Putin first unveiled the 24 metre long "indistructible bomb" back in 2018 when he claimed in a speech to roll-out six "super-weapons". READ MORE: Stranded Russian troops accused of ‘deserting’ after sly commander U-turns on retreat Poseidon carries a two megaton nuclear warhead – over 100 more times powerful than the nuke dropped on Hiroshima, Japan in 1945. In the address, the Russian leader said there was "no weapon" which could counter the weapon because they have "very low noise" and are highly manoeuvrable. He added: "There is no weapon that can counter them in the world today." Last year, the US Naval Institute warned the development of the weapon could hasten the nuclear arms race. In a statement, they said: "Perhaps most frightening, this nuclear weapon has the potential for autonomous operation. "A fully operational Kanyon (Poseidon) would have an incredible strategic impact. As a new delivery platform, it is not covered by current nuclear arms treaties." "The first batch of Poseidon ammunition has been manufactured and will be soon delivered to special-purpose nuclear-powered submarine Belgorod," the source said. Christopher A Ford, former US assistant secretary of state for international security and non-proliferation said in November 2020 the weapons were designed to "inundate US coastal cities with radioactive tsunamis". The roll-out follows an alarming threat from Russian state TV several months ago in which a TV host called for Moscow to "plunge Britain to the depths of the ocean".    Dimitry Kiselyov claimed an attack with Poseidon could create waves reaching 1,640ft high. "Surging over Britain, it will turn whatever is left of them into radioactive desert, unusable for anything. How do you like this prospect?" Although Poseidon may be the most powerful – it certainly is not the fastest weapon in Russia’s arsenal. The rogue state’s warship Admiral Gorshkov recently set sail on a six day mission to scare the West. It was carrying Tsirkon hypersonic missiles – capable of reaching speeds of nearly 7,000 mph.  