Jack Grealish has earned a reputation for providing some memorable interview moments over the years. The Manchester City and England star’s brutal honesty and general ditziness has prompted plenty of laughs, viral social media clips, and even got him in trouble on occasions. Express Sport picks out some of his best interviews. Almiron dig Celebrating Man City’s title win at the end of last season, a visibly drunk Grealish took the joke too far. Pep Guardiola’s team had just come from behind to beat Aston Villa 3-2 to win the Premier League, and Grealish felt team-mate Riyad Mahrez had underwhelmed. “Riyad, take him off the pitch as soon as possible. He played like [Newcastle winger, Miguel] Almiron,” he joked to the Algerian during the title celebrations. Little did the playmaker know, he was on camera and the clip soon spread across social media. Newcastle fans have taunted Grealish ever since, while Almiron has enjoyed an extremely successful season. Addressing the jibe earlier this season, Grealish said: “Do you know what, I haven’t actually been asked about that and let me just address it. Obviously, I’d had a few drinks. “I regret that. I swear, I’m actually buzzing the way he’s reacted. He said something about me in an interview the other day, he wished me the best. I thought ‘what a guy, man’ because if that was me and somebody had said that about me, I’d have probably been the other way and been like ‘f*** it’." JUST IN: Guardiola Rafael Leao swap deal and is ‘willing’ to lose Man City star Encyclopaedia of football When still at Villa, then-manager Dean Smith hailed Grealish as an ‘encyclopaedia of football’. It later proved slightly ironic, as Grealish did not know what an encyclopaedia was. Speaking to talkSPORT, he asked: "A what?". Presenter Faye Curruters repeated herself before the City ace looked around the studio completely baffled before announcing: "I don't know what that means." Grealish the Ibiza club promoter Grealish had dubbed himself a “normal lad from Solihull” while at Euro 2020. It prompted the question of what he would be if he were not a footballer. His dad, Kevin, is a plasterer. Grealish responded: “I couldn’t be a plasterer. I’d be a club promoter. Tenerife or Ibiza. I would be getting everyone into the club.” DON'T MISS...Arsenal star Gabriel Jesus' actions after Man Utd win speak volumesCristiano Ronaldo in nine biggest transfer unveiling fails of all-timeArsenal star Martin Odegaard sends ice cold Man City title message Best thing since sliced veg Another international tournament mishap appeared to happen at the World Cup. Although it later transpired that it was not a mishap at all. Discussing how fickle England fans can be - deriding Gareth Southgate during the Nations League and then supporting vociferously in Qatar, Grealish said: “After the Iran game we were the best thing since sliced bread.” But when the interview was clipped up for social media, Grealish’s thick Brummie accent was mistaken for having said: “Best thing since sliced veg.” Laughing about the interview at a later date, the 27-year-old suggested the clip had been edited. Throwing Kepa under the bus Grealish had just assisted Mahrez’s winning goal in City’s 1-0 win over Chelsea this month when he was put up for post-match interview duties. But as he analysed the winning strike in typically honest fashion, he appeared to criticise Blues shot-stopper Kepa Arrizabalaga, who had allowed the ball to be played across the six-yard box. "I was speaking to Riyad [Mahrez], and he thought the goalkeeper was going to get it at one point. And so did I.” ‘Insulting’ Sky Sports observation Sky Sports reporter Patrick Davison unwittingly offended Grealish last week when he suggested a tackle by the winger on Tottenham’s Heung-min Son was a ‘highlight’ in City’s come-from-behind 4-2 victory. Laughing about the suggestion alongside Mahrez, Grealish paused before responding: "I know what you're talking about but it's never a good sign when that's the highlight of a winger's match!" Davison insisted: "I didn't realise I was insulting you! Sorry, Jack. I just thought it's not something we always see or associate with you, was what I was going to say." The pair hugged it out afterwards, with Grealish handing Mahrez the Man of the Match award.