Harrison Ford will join How I Met Your Mother’s Jason Segel as the leads of Apple’s new comedy-drama Shrinking. Ted Lasso’s Goldstein reunited with writer Bill Lawrence for the series with Segel also lending a helping hand in the writers’ room. Ford, however, was a name all three wanted to land for the show, and during a chat with Stephen Colbert on his CBS talk show, Goldstein revealed the feeling was rather mutual. Colbert quizzed Goldstein on how exactly he managed to convince Ford to star in the TV series during Wednesday’s show. After all, the 80-year-old Oscar nominee is famed for his big-screen roles over the years, although he has bucked the trend this year after signing up for Paramount’s Yellowstone prequel, 1923. “Did you have anything to do as executive producer of this thing, did you have to reel him in?” Colbert asked, prompting the Ted Lasso star to delve into the long story. “I did. Here’s what happened…” Goldstein teased. “We were like, ‘Let’s offer it to Harrison Ford!’ And then laugh about the fact we offered it to Harrison Ford and get on with our lives. READ MORE: My 600lb Life's Erica Wall looks unrecognisable in swimsuit snap “There’s no way because he doesn’t do TV and he’s Harrison Ford. But we sent the script to his agent and then a few days later, the agent calls Bill and says, ‘Oh, this is really good, Harrison’s in London and maybe he’d wanna talk about it.’ “And Bill says, ‘Oh, Brett’s in London,’ and I get a call I don’t recognise so I immediately reject,” the actor said as the audience began to laugh. He continued: “And then I listen to the voicemail which I still have and it goes, ‘Hey, it’s Harrison Ford,’ and I was like, ‘What the f**k!’ And I thought if I think about this for longer than 10- seconds I will freak out and not call him back. “So I immediately called him and said, ‘Oh hey, Harrison, hey, it’s Brett. How are you?’ And he goes, ‘Yeah, I’m at work.’ And he was working on a little underground picture he was making called Indiana Jones 5. “And he says, ‘Do you wanna have dinner on Saturday and talk about it?’ And I do stand-up and I was like, ‘Sorry, Harrison, I’ve got a gig, I can’t.’ “So I called Bill and I go, ‘Well, Harrison wanted to have dinner but I can’t because I’ve got a gig,’ and Bill was like, ‘Cancel the f**king gig! It’s Harrison Ford! No one has ever said no to Harrison Ford!’” Goldstein continued before sharing a laugh with the talk show host. “And I was like, ‘But 40 people have booked tickets, I can’t let them down.’ I was like, ‘Maybe it’ll impress him, we’re hard to get.’ “I text Harrison and said I know you’re working but maybe I could meet you Friday night. And he goes, ‘Come over to my place, seven o’clock.’” DON'T MISS:SEAL Team’s Ray Perry star's tribute to David Boreanaz over season 71000lb Best Friends row erupts as Vanessa blasts sister over fast foodThat '90s Show's Wilmer Valderrama hints at Fez spin-off after return The Roy Kent star then revealed the pressure on his shoulders approaching that first meeting with Ford. “So I’m in the car, all the people from America (are there), there’s so much pressure on me, like, ‘You’ve got to close this. If you f**k this up, we’ll kill you.’ I’m getting the Marvel tingle you know,” he joked. “So I turn up at the apartment, ring the doorbell, Han Solo answers the door, you’re just like, ‘Hello, mate.’” Sharing Ford’s amazement at the scripts, Goldstein recalled: “And I go in the house and he goes, ‘Best script I’ve ever read!’ And I go, ‘Shrinking?’ “Because I’m thinking, ‘I’ve seen Raiders of the Lost Ark, that’s a very good script, what are you talking about?’ And then I see on his table he’s got loads of scripts and I think he thinks I’m someone else. “Then I see the Shrinking script and I point to it and I go, ‘Shrinking?’ He goes, ‘Best dialogue I’ve ever read.’ “And I go, ‘Oh, do you wanna be in it?’ And he goes, ‘Yeah.’ And I go, ‘Okay then.’ And he goes, ‘Is that business done?’ And I go, ‘Looks like it.’ And he goes, ‘Let’s eat.’” The studio audience erupted into applause and the rest is history as Ford and Segel will debut in the new Apple TV series on Friday, January 27. Shrinking premieres on Apple TV on Friday, January 27.