Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has reportedly blocked any potential Harry Maguire exit this month because he sees the centre-back as key to his plans. Maguire has lost his place under the Dutchman and has started just four Premier League matches since the campaign got underway in August. Maguire has endured a difficult time at Old Trafford over the last couple of years and was often made a scapegoat for United’s failings last season. The Red Devils suffered an egregious campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and his interim successor Ralf Rangnick as they finished sixth in the Premier League and exited the cup competitions in the early rounds. Maguire started United’s first two matches of this season as his side suffered the ignominy of losing to Brighton and Brentford. But he has since had to settle for a place on the bench during most of his team’s matches, with United enjoying a precipitous upturn in fortunes under Ten Hag. Maguire has been tipped to leave United in search of regular first-team football elsewhere, with the likes of Chelsea, West Ham and Aston Villa all being linked with him. But, according to talkSPORT, the Red Devils are not open to offers for the 29-year-old during the current transfer window. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Maguire is still United’s club captain and has skippered the team on the few occasions he has been promoted to the starting line-up this season. But Lisandro Martinez and Raphael Varane have often been paired alongside one another at the heart of the Red Devils’ backline this season, with Luke Shaw also being utilised as a central defender in recent weeks. Despite his struggled in the north west, Maguire showed that he is still capable of competing at the highest level after starring for England during the World Cup in Qatar at the end of last year. The defender started all five of the Three Lions’ matches as they reached the quarter-finals before being knocked out by France. DON'T MISSMan Utd set for bidding war as Ratcliffe and INEOS launch takeover attemptNewcastle 'really love' Maddison and draw up plans to 'attack' transfer againMan Utd boss Ten Hag confirms fresh injury blow and Weghorst debut plan  Ten Hag was quizzed about Maguire’s future in December, with one journalist asking him if the player could leave Old Trafford. And the former Ajax boss replied: “Only if he doesn’t want to be in these circumstances anymore. Until that moment, I am happy with him. I have said it to him and you, I can do nothing more. It is up to him to contribute to play himself into the team.” Maguire played the full 90 minutes as United defeated Charlton 3-0 in the Carabao Cup quarter-finals last week. And the ex-Leicester defender will be aiming for more gametime during the second half of the campaign as his team go in search of silverware. 