The trending jobs for 2023 include interpreter, cyber security engineer, chief financial officer, and social care worker, according to new research from the experts at Adzuna. Interpreter emerged top of the biggest pay rise ranking with a 81 percent year-on-year rise in advertised salary last year and now pays £53,084 on average at the same time as demand for interpreters also skyrocketed. When it comes to choosing a career, it pays to do your research and look at what occupations are in demand. While there are plenty of job opportunities in finance, IT, healthcare and education - some sectors are offering increasing salaries to try and recruit the best talent. Paul Lewis, Chief Customer Officer at job search engine Adzuna, said: "After a turbulent two years, jobseekers are reassessing what they want, and we’re seeing that compensation and job security are of increasing importance when it comes to pursuing an open role. "Despite a gloomy economic climate, our findings show that job opportunities within the finance, IT, healthcare, and education sectors remain strong." READ MORE: Pensioners and disabled missing out on vital energy bill support  He continued: "The pandemic spurred businesses to go digital, which opened an entirely new global market. This has catalysed the demand for language specialists who can help with localisation such as Interpreters. "On the other hand, because of the growing prevalence of digital markets, there are more cybercrimes, which calls for IT specialists like cyber security engineers.” Experts at Adzuna looked at job vacancies advertised in November 2022 and found cost engineers (£74,572), foster care support workers (£42,868), and QA/QC officers (£45,228) have seen significant average advertised pay increases compared to the same period in November 2021. Meanwhile, employers are offering higher salaries to candidates in the health and social care-related fields than before, including community care workers, behaviour support workers, live-in nannies, health and social care teacher, children residential support workers and social care workers. DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis fan saves £2,400 a year on energy bills - check now [ALERT]Turned £1,000 into £9’ - Savers lose billions as top Isa funds crash [WARNING]Mental health issues lose Britons £8,400 in earning [INSIGHT]  Another study has revealed the UK towns where residents received the biggest pay increase in 2022 and they are not all in the south. The study by UK financial services provider CMC Markets analysed the latest release from the Office for National Statistics, which showed hourly wage data for every local authority in the United Kingdom. Surprisingly, Melton in Leicestershire took the top spot - average hourly pay was £13.33 in 2021 which increased 34.96 percent to £17.99 in 2022. In second place came Maldon in Essex, the Cotswolds in Gloucestershire took third place and the London borough of Sutton came in fourth.   Searches for work-from-home jobs are the highest it's been in five years, according to experts at Financial-world. A spokesperson from Financial-world said: “There is a clear demand for remote roles in the UK. The costs of commuting and the time spent doing so is proving to be a strain on many people's finances and a stressful situation to navigate among strike actions and spikes in fuel prices. "Employers may have to consider welcoming more flexible work-from-home or hybrid workers to keep up with the demand and avoid losing employees. "It will be interesting to see if more companies opt to offer flexible work conditions in the future.”  Hard-up Britons looking for ways to make more money in 2023 could find they can earn more money working from home. Remote roles pay £6,000 on average more than their office counterparts and Britons could earn as much as £110,000 from their sofa.  One reason for this could be that employers have fewer operational costs so are able to pass these savings onto their workers. Searches for side hustles also doubled over the course of the last year with recent research disclosing new ways to make money.