Golf fans have been treated to an explosive trailer of the upcoming Netflix series Full Swing following a year that saw the sport erupt into civil war. The streaming service giants could not have picked a more dramatic 12 months to start covering the PGA Tour than 2022, with a number of stars leaving to join the Saudi-backed LIV Golf series. The fallout has rumbled on into 2023, with some LIV rebels currently undertaking legal action. The 2023 Ryder Cup also appears in jeopardy, with organisers of both Team Europe and Team USA yet to confirm if defectors will be permitted to play. And some of the biggest names in the saga feature on a minute-long video released by the official Netflix Twitter account, which opens with the fitting line: "Every year these guys fight for their career." Ian Poulter, one of the first players to sign for Greg Norman's venture, also features as he says: "You picked a hell of a year to cover the PGA Tour." The clip eventually concluded with a line from Rory McIlroy, one of the most vociferous opponents of LIV. In an possible reference to his new TGL venture with Tiger Woods, the world No 1 states: "If I want the game that I love to be played by future generations, the game needs to be pushed forward." JUST IN: Golfer's invite to play Masters at Augusta accidentally sent to stranger with same name The video was captioned with a repeat of Poulter's line: "You picked a hell of a year to start following the PGA Tour.” It then added: "Spieth, Thomas, Scheffler, Koepka, Morikawa, Poulter, Dahmen, Fitzpatrick, Johnson, Finau, Theegala, Pereira, Niemann, and McIlroy. Full Swing premieres February 15." The docuseries was initially announced in October,and following the trailer, golf fans reacted with excitement: "This will be the most watched show for weeks and it won’t be close. And Season 2 is already in the works," enthused @fimschweiler. DON'T MISS:Former Ryder Cup player Barry Lane dies aged 62 as golf pays tribute to 'sweetest guy'Tiger Woods wrestling with 'biggest challenge' for 2023 in potential final swansong yearIan Poulter furious with Matt Fitzpatrick SPOTY snub as he brands omission a ‘joke’     "We're here for this!" added the official LPGA account. @LucasHaskins compared the work to the popular F1 Drive to Survive series: "If this docu-series can even have a fraction of the impact DtS has had on F1, PGA is in for a hell of a year!" 