Limescale is commonplace and can often be found inside kettles, around taps, on shower heads and in baths. One of the more unpleasant places limescale can be spotted is inside toilets. The reason limescale builds up is when hard water evaporates, it leaves behind minerals that react and form a deposit known as limescale. Sometimes limescale looks particularly bad because it picks up dirt while forming. While it may be tempting to remove limescale using a harsh chemical product, it can be easily removed using a more natural solution. Luckily, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their simple solution for removing limescale from toilet rims without using chemicals. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. READ MORE: Home where Lisa Marie Presley spent her final years On one such group, Facebook user Sharan Bird posted: “Any tips to remove limescale on the top rim of a toilet?” Sharan shared a photo of the toilet which had orange limescale around the inner rim. The post was inundated with responses from Mrs Hinch fans but the most suggested method of removal was to use a 2p piece. Marina Georgiou Singer said: “A 2p piece but don’t rub too hard. Just enough to get it off.” DON'T MISSMould will ‘vanish’ from bathroom sealant and grout with 95p spray [INSIGHT]Six ‘quick and easy’ natural remedies to keep houseplants ‘healthy’ [UPDATE]Best washing machine setting for ‘significant’ savings [ANALYSIS] Christina Mary Attridge wrote: “I agree with the wet 2p piece. Honestly, works every time.” Tannya Sawyer agreed with the comments and posted: “Damp 2p piece.” Limescale often turns brown or green or leaves white crusty deposits on items when it reacts with iron, magnesium or calcium. The reason limescale often looks so unsightly in the toilet bowl is because it picks up dirt particles which make the stain even more stubborn. READ MORE: Clean whole ovens ‘overnight’ using supermarket item - it's 'best' Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Essential Living's Resident Services Manager Olly Cavner has previously told Express.co.uk using a 2p coin is one of the “cheapest and most effective ways to remove limescale from a toilet bowl”. He added: "This is because when you wet a 2p coin and scrape away the limescale, the chemical reaction between copper and limescale causes it to break down.” To use a 2p coin to remove limescale, hold the coin at a slight angle and rub at the limescale build-up. Don’t press too hard as you don’t want to leave a permanent mark. Other suggestions for removing limescale from toilets included using Black Harpic, Barkeepers Friend, bleach, a pumice stone, Kilrock gel and Cif. Sandra Delurey commented on the post: “Black Harpic is the best. Seen it on here.” Jen Elder replied to the post: “Barkeepers Friend powder on an old toothbrush.” Norma Gosling said: “Lots of bleach. A good brush then clean the toilet daily.” Denise Lester posted on the social media group: “Use a pumice stone but only rub gently.” Sara Davies suggested: “Cif cleaner, a green scrubber and rubber gloves. Worked for me.” Tracy Allsop commented: “Kilrock gel is fab. You paint the gel on, leave for a while and do it again if needed. The gel didn’t run.”