NCIS has been on CBS since 2003 and, during this time, there have been three more spin-offs. While NCIS New Orleans is no more, there is still NCIS Los Angeles and NCIS Hawaii to enjoy with the latter currently showing its second season. The police procedural franchise decided to mark the start of 2023 with a three-hour event that saw the cast of each show come together for a massive investigation. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS.The joint investigation is part of NCIS' Too Many Cooks, episode Deep Fake for NCIS Hawaii and NCIS Los Angeles' A Long Time Coming. Agents from all three headquarters gather in Washington DC to attend the retirement party of a FLETC professor they worked with while training. However, the party is over before it even begins as the professor is found dead of an apparent suicide. His death is a catalyst for the investigation led by the agents from all three NCIS stations. READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash Through some digging, it is worked out that the culprit behind the professor's death is Simon Williams. Things quickly take an even worse turn though when Agents Jane Tennant (played by Vanessa Lachey), Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) and chief medical examiner Jimmy Palmer (Brian Dietzen) are kidnapped while in Hawaii. The CIA gets involved through the Government organisation so everyone learns Simon Williams isn't a hitman. In fact, "he" is actually a CIA assassination programme that had been shut down but was restarted again. All the people who had been murdered so far were connected to Simon Williams. This included an operative who was going to testify at a high-level intelligence hearing that was coming up. Another person who was part of the programme was NCIS LA's Admiral Hollace Kilbride (Gerald McRaney) who had gone missing. Thankfully, Kilbride does eventually show up, just in time to rescue Agent Devin Roundtree (Caleb Castille) from being killed by a CIA operative. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry’s pal says he had to ‘take the hit’ over Charles' mistake [ROYAL]NCIS sparks frenzy as fans demand Gibbs comeback  [REACTION]NCIS LA sparks fan frenzy after key character returns [CAST] NCIS LA's Hetty Lange (Linda Hunt) has been MIA for quite some time now but even she was able to do her bit for the cause. While searching her office for anything relating to Simon Williams, Agents Callen (Chris O'Donnell) and Sam receive an encrypted email and anonymous text, which leads them to an audio message. It is here that Hetty's voice is finally heard and suggests the team gets in touch with a casting agent to find a double for Kilbride who can distract those after him. She told the agents: “Sounds like you’ve gotten yourselves in a bit of a pickle. "I warned Hollace his Simon Williams days would come back to bite him in the ass." Hopefully, this is a sign that actress Hunt will soon be reprising her role as the unforgettable Hetty. NCIS is available to watch every Monday on CBS in the USA. A UK release date hasn't yet been announced.