As Blue Bloods has been on hiatus for almost a month, the CBS drama will be warmly welcomed by fans when it returns on Friday. Although Danny Reagan star Donnie Walhberg hasn’t been on screens in a while, the actor has been active on social media and recently paid tribute to a long-time friend.  Despite his successful career on stage, Donnie gained a plethora of new fans after making his first appearance as Danny Reagan in 2010. The actor portrayed the often fiery-tempered, yet loyal and determined NYPD detective. Despite wowing fans with his ability to dominate on-screen, throughout 2022 Donnie also stepped away from screens to embark on a tour with his boyband, New Kids On The Block. The band consists of brothers Jonathan and Jordan Knight, Joey McIntyre, Danny Wood and Donnie. The group was first formed in 1984 and went on to become a huge success - together they sold over 80 million records worldwide. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton unrecognisable after transformation On Saturday, Donnie took a trip down memory lane with a video dedicated to his bandmate Joey to celebrate his 50th birthday. The video consisted of photos from their teenage years and clips from their time on tour. He paid a touching tribute to Joey with a heartfelt message which read: “Happy 50th Birthday to my dear friend @joeymcintyre! “I know it’s your day to be celebrated - and you better believe that we are all celebrating you today!   “However, I also want to take this opportunity to celebrate you by thanking you for such an amazing journey this year.” Donnie added: “Somehow, after all this time, it seems we keep reaching higher levels. Keep building a deeper bond. “In a year of gifts, our friendship was one of the ones that I’ll cherish most! “I hope this day is as special for you - as you were to me and so many others this year! Love you, Budzo! #MacAndCheeseForever! #HappyBirthdayJoeyMac #JoeyIs50!” (sic)  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' downfall [REACTION]Blue Blood fans fume at CBS drama for snub of annual special [REACTION]Blue Bloods’ Abigail Hawk shares exciting filming update [INSIGHT]    Thousands of fans also took to the comments to pay tribute to Joey and reflect on the boyband’s journey. @shvander wrote: “I still can’t believe those 5 boys I fell head over heels in love with as a teenager are now all in their 50s and better than ever!!” @lauriekayleen remarked: “The baby is 50.” @thatzhott.0 added: “50?!! Man we are getting up there! Aging like fine wine!” A fourth fan @jksdirtydawg commented: “Mac and cheese forever! Happy 50th Joey, Joe! The baby of the group is all grown up.” @nic.chris.brave stated: “50 and F*CKING FABULOUS.” @teresa7277_ shared: “Love this post. It’s amazing how long your friendship has spanned over decades.” Thankfully for fans, they will soon be able to see Donnie back on screens as Danny who will undoubtedly take on more complicated cases. Blue Bloods season 13 returns Friday, January 6 on CBS in the US. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 