Logan Paul teased fans that he may be preparing for his UFC debut by posting a photo on social media of him signing a contract alongside Dana White. The WWE star has since confirmed that he has struck a deal with the UFC for his Prime Hydration beverage to be the official sports drink. UFC Octagon announcer Bruce Buffer knows Paul well and would welcome the YouTube sensation with open arms, should Paul look to switch sports. And he thinks the 27-year-old could be well suited to make his debut due to his impressive performances in WWE. "I know Logan, he is a friend. He is very capable of fighting in the Octagon," Buffer told Express Sport at PokerStars' PSPC tournament in the Bahamas. "He is an amazing athlete as he is proving with his WWE performances he is doing. "As far as a fighter, his base is wrestling, which is the strongest base in mixed martial arts to come from. He is very strong, athletic and still a young man. He is very capable of having a fight with a good mixed martial artist, not a top 10 fighter. "Logan Paul, when and if he ever walks in the Octagon it would be huge. It will be Conor McGregor numbers. A lot of his following is young teenagers but they watch the UFC anyway they would love to see Logan in there.   "And then you will have all of the WWE fans, just like when Brock Lesner came over from WWE, and he brought another 250k or more buys to the PPV, it will be huge." Some UFC fighters who have worked hard for many years with the hope of headlining a PPV event could be forgiven for feeling annoyed that Paul would jump ahead of them in the queue. But Buffer says everybody would leap at the chance to go toe-to-toe with Paul. He added: "I am sure everyone has a difference of opinion but there is a term; 'who put's the a**** in the seats?' "If you fill an arena and they're paying to see you then you deserve to make the money that is coming in.   "It is not a put down to other fighters it just happens to be that Logan Paul is a very good fighter that wants to fight in the UFC. "Everybody will want to fight Logan like they would want to go up against Conor. To beat Logan would be an instantaneous boost to their popularity." Speaking of PokerStars' PSPC event in the Bahamas, in which he was knocked out on the opening day, Buffer said: "It's incredible, it's an international melting pot of poker players, it is just so awesome when you think about it. I have met people from so many different countries, they have had two, three years of ramp up to make this big tournament, it is historical. "PokerStars does an incredible job and I love working with them, I love the treatment they give me and I love playing the tournaments." 