Rafael Nadal has been tipped to continue winning Grand Slams on any surface as fellow Spaniard Alex Corretja admitted that it was a misconception that the world No 2 was only a contender at his most successful tournament, the French Open. Speaking exclusively to Express Sport, the retired pro claimed that the 36-year-old was at the point in his career where he could win any Grand Slam title anywhere under the condition that he remained healthy, allowing him to keep his GOAT race with Novak Djokovic alive. Nadal is gearing up to defend his Australian Open title next week but there have been some concerns over the top seed’s chances following his recent match losses and some injuries in the second half of 2022. While some have doubted whether he will be able to defend his title, the world No 2 is already a very early favourite to win the French Open in spring thanks to his record of winning 14 titles in Paris and losing just three matches. But one of his fellow Spaniards has now rubbished the idea that the French Open is his only chance of winning Grand Slam titles in the latter stages of his career, as Corretja claimed that Nadal had better chances of winning anywhere as he got older. “Well we feel like of course at Roland Garros he’s got his best chances but at the end of the day, once you get older and he proved already, he can win anywhere,” the former world No 2 said, speaking ahead of the Australian Open, which is live and exclusive on discovery+ and Eurosport. Looking at his recent record at the other three Grand Slams, he continued: “On hard courts he’s been also playing well, the matches are a little bit shorter, and look as well at Wimbledon last year for example. He was not at his best and he finished at the semi-finals and the US Open he’s been winning also a few years ago.” JUST IN: Aus Open ace has bigger net worth than Federer, Nadal and Djokovic    But the retired pro-turned-pundit admitted that Nadal would have to remain healthy in order to win more Major titles and extend his current record from 22 trophies, with the world No 2 suffering three different injury issues last season with his rib, foot and abdomen. “So I think his chances are going to be good as long as he is healthy. If he is healthy, he can still win any of the Majors,” Corretja noted. While the 17-time title winner thought that Nadal had been underestimated at the Grand Slams outside of the French Open, he did admit that the Spaniard’s chances were better on the clay where fewer younger players had the weapons to unsettle him. “Of course the one that he’s got more chances at is Roland Garros because there are not that many guys that can hurt him while on hard courts there are more guys that probably can find a way to hurt his game,” he explained. DON'T MISSDjokovic 'sacks coach in front of 15,000 people' during Kyrgios clashNovak Djokovic confused by rules of Nick Kyrgios charity matchKyrgios' message to Aus Open fans over 'crossing line' with Djokovic “Like let’s say Fritz, or Tiafoe or Rune. If they play against him on hard courts, you can feel like they’ve got more chances. So I think he’s got more chances on clay but never underestimate Rafa in other surfaces.” Nadal will open his Australian Open title defence campaign against Britain’s Jack Draper, with the pair expected to play on Monday. And the top seed will be hoping that the world No 40 isn’t one of the younger guys with good chances against him on a hard court as he looks to get his first match win of the season after losing his two clashes at the United Cup. Watch every match from the Australian Open live and exclusive on discovery+ and Eurosport. 