The Government is offering legitimate help with energy bills in the form of a £400 non-repayable discount. Britons will not need to apply for this discount and it will be applied automatically, without the requirement to contact an energy supplier.  However, as some are not aware of this, scammers are seizing the opportunity to take advantage - prompting people to apply with a scam email. The email reads: “You are eligible for the £400 non-repayable Energy Bill Support Scheme discount. “The Energy Bills Support Scheme provides a £400 non-repayable discount to eligible households to help with their energy bills over winter 2022 to 2023. “You’ll get the discount automatically in one of the following ways, as: READ MORE: State pension triple lock may become ‘unaffordable’, expert warns The message has come complete with the UK Government logo which appears to be a tactic to add legitimacy, despite the message not being official. It prompts Britons to click a link to “accept support online”, which is likely to redirect them to an official-looking website. It is here where individuals are likely to be prompted to enter their personal details, which could lead to devastating consequences. Experts have warned parting with this sensitive information could mean criminals could use the details to commit fraud. Alternatively, the information could be sold on the black market to other criminals, putting Britons at risk of further scams. DON'T MISS‘Quicker and easier’ method to save for retirement [INSIGHT]‘Really good value’ option could help you boost state pension [ANALYSIS]State pension triple lock to offer ‘little light’ amid high inflation [LATEST] Kiri Addison, Threat Detection and Efficacy Product Manager at Mimecast, spoke to Express.co.uk about the scam. She said: “Throughout the year, we see cybercriminals target people using recent news to trick them into sharing their personal and financial information. “The latest on the news agenda continues to be the cost-of-living crisis and cybercriminals are using this as an opportunity to send phishing emails to the public asking them to sign up for the Energy Bill Support Scheme discount, adjusting their phishing campaigns to be as relevant as possible. “The best ways for consumers to stay safe online is to double check and heavily scrutinise any links from emails before taking any action on it. “Being vigilant and taking the recommended steps, such as never clicking links in emails and navigating to the website in question from your browser if in any doubt, will help to keep their data safe whilst online. READ MORE: State pension triple lock increase means 'better year' for older Brits “People must be aware of these scams and stay alert to ensure they are not duped. “Email phishing campaigns will continue to be prominent, so we should always be wary of unsolicited and too-good-to-be-true emails.” There are often warning signs of scams Britons can look out for in order to protect themselves. Scam emails are often littered with spelling and grammar errors, and this can be a red flag. Emails which press a person to act quickly can often be trying to get individuals not to think about whether they are being scammed. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Finally, Britons should always check the email address of the person they have received the correspondence from - as this can often be fake. Suspicious emails one receives can be forwarded to report@phishing.gov.uk and the National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) will investigate further. Those who think they have been a victim of a scam or online fraud should act quickly. Contacting one’s bank could put a stop on any payments and keep money safe. If a person thinks they lost money or have been hacked because of an online scam or fraud, the Government recommends contacting Action Fraud.