The incident at St Aloysius Church has been described as a ‘drive by’ which injured four women and two girls, aged seven and 12. The church on Phoenix Road was holding a memorial service on Saturday afternoon for a Colombian mother and daughter who died a month apart. The seven-year-old girl remains in a stable but critical condition in hospital, and a 48-year-old woman may have life-changing injuries. Three other women aged 21, 41, and 54 were also taken to hospital following the shooting.    Sky News has acquired CCTV footage from Saturday afternoon showing people screaming and fleeing the area. In the video, a gunshot is heard, and a dark car is seen driving down Phoenix Road, near Euston Station. The CCTV camera was located in an alleyway near the church, capturing Wellbeing Walk. Police are searching for a 2019 black Toyota C-HR after they suspect the gunman fired a shotgun from the vehicle at around 1:30pm before fleeing. Father Jeremy Trood conducted the service for Sara Sanchez, 20, and her mother Fresia Calderon, 50. He said: “I was inside the church. I heard the band and people ran back into the church. They knew something had happened outside. “I remember screams and shouts, and the people who were making their way out of the church all coming back in. There was confusion as people were getting away from the windows and doors.” Superintendent Jack Rowlands from the Metropolitan police described the shooting as a “senseless act of violence”. READ MORE: Starmer’s ‘monumentally stupid’ NHS plans enrage medical community He added: “Four women, aged 21, 41, 48 and 54, were taken to central London hospitals. “Thankfully their injuries were assessed as non-life threatening. The 48-year-old woman has sustained potentially life-changing injuries. “Two children were also injured. A 12-year-old girl sustained a leg injury. She was treated at hospital before being discharged yesterday afternoon. She is expected to make a full recovery. “A seven-year-old girl was more seriously injured. She remains in hospital in a stable but life-threatening condition, and our thoughts are with her and her family.” DON'T MISS:Blow for Sunak as poll shows uphill battle he faces with voters (POLL)Putin humiliated as Russian troops vote to down arms and head home  (INSIGHT)Poll 'paints grim picture' as William and Kate's popularity falls (POLL) Supt Rowlands added: “We believe the suspects discharged a shotgun from a moving vehicle, which a black Toyota C-HR, likely a 2019 model or similar.” The Met are using ANPR technology to trace the movements of the vehicle before and after the shooting. They are thought to be treating this as a targeted attack on the memorial where 120 people were in attendance.