  EastEnders fans will say a heartbreaking goodbye to Lola Pearce (played by Danielle Harold) in upcoming scenes as the beloved character continues to battle a terminal brain tumour. However, she will be faced with a tough decision about her family priorities when her mother Emma (Patsy Kensit) turns up on her doorstep.      In next week’s episodes, Lola is called into Lexi Pearce’s (Isabella Brown) school and told an unknown adult has attacked her daughter’s school friend Maisie. She explains the attack was motivated by Maisie bullying Lexi about her mum’s health. Lola fears her new online presence is to blame for the attack and questions whether her blog is the right thing to do. Later, Lola finds out her mysterious new client’s new identity and is floored by the revelation she’s been speaking to her mum all along. Read more: EastEnders' Ian Beale star hints he's ruled out soap return     Lola’s overcome with emotion as her world is turned upside down by the news. After a week of gruelling treatment, Jay Brown (Jamie Borthwick) and Billy Mitchell (Perry Fenwick) call on the doctor to check Lola over. As the day comes to an end, Lola’s gobsmacked when Emma turns up on their doorstep. Emma opens up on the decision to walk away from her young daughter as Lola struggles to hear the truth.      The newcomer makes a shocking admission about Lola’s childhood but will her daughter be able to accept the revelation? Later in the week, Emma’s delighted when Lola agrees to meet her for lunch. The estranged mum invites Jay along when she senses Lola’s hesitation. At The Vic, Jay’s alarmed by how forward Emma is about spending time with Lola. DON'T MISSEastEnders return for troubled charcter in Lily Slater pregnancy twist [SPOILER]EastEnders' Lexi Pearce turns against Lola after terminal diagnosis [INSIGHT]EastEnders' Lily Slater pressured into an abortion by Jack Branning [SPOILER]     It’s clear the mum doesn’t want to waste any time when it comes to getting to know her daughter. Emma and Lola continue to build their relationship by looking through some old photographs. Lola enjoys herself immensely but loses track of time and almost misses Lexi’s school presentation. Lola realises she’s stretching herself too thin when she opens up to Jay and Billy about the future.      The mum-of-one decides she must make a difficult decision to avoid letting down Lexi. She decides to reduce the amount of time she’s spending with Emma. However, with Emma’s motives clear, how will she react when Lola tells her she wants to stop spending so much time with her? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm   