LeBron James is chasing individual glory as well as another NBA championship with the Los Angeles Lakers in the 2022/23 season. After being drafted first overall in the 2003 draft and spending two decades in the league, James is set to become the NBA’s all-time leading scorer this season. James continues to prove that he is an unprecedented force of nature in his 20th season as he plays at an All-Star level while almost single-handedly keeping the Lakers in playoff contention. Los Angeles have stuttered all season but one constant theme has been James’ brilliance, as well as his hot pursuit of Kareem Abdul-Jabbar’s record. James is also now just 177 points away from drawing level with Abdul-Jabbar's all-time NBA scoring record of 38,387 career points. The goggle-clad icon has been atop the career points list since April 5, 1984 - eight months before James was even born - when he passed the mark previously held by Wilt Chamberlain. The 38-year-old’s career scoring average is 27.2 points per game, but he has incredibly improved his scoring rate in 2022/23 - his 20th NBA season. James is scoring 30.2 points per contest this season, which means he is on pace to set the record in New Orleans on February 4 when the Lakers face the Pelicans. READ MORE: Rui Hachimura is exactly what LeBron James and LA Lakers 'needed' James certainly appears ready to break the record before the All-Star break, which commences February 17. The NBA reportedly has plans in place to celebrate James’ stellar accomplishment during the All-Star weekend in Salt Lake City. In terms of his health and fitness, James has missed 10 games this season - including the second game of three back-to-back clashes. The Lakers have back-to-back games on January 24-25 and January 30-31. DON'T MISSLeBron James saves LA Lakers after worst quarter in franchise historyNFL legend issues apology after scuffle at Los Angeles Lakers gameLos Angeles Lakers answer LeBron James demand with surprise trade So, when will James surpass Abdul-Jabbar and claim the NBA all-time scoring record? At the moment, based on his average points-per-game, the NBA icon will set the new record against the New Orleans Pelicans on February 5. James and the 22-26 Lakers are next in action against the Spurs on Wednesday night. The Spurs currently sit 14th in the west with a record of 14-33.