The Duke of Sussex does not have a "clue what half the words in his own book mean", an expert has claimed. JR Moehringer was the ghostwriter of Spare and worked alongside the Prince to bring about the scathing memoir. Speaking on this week's True Royalty TV's The Royal Beat, royal expert and Majesty Magazine's editor-in-chief, Ingrid Seward said: "I also feel that possibly they picked the wrong ghost-writer for [Harry]. "The book is very flowery, it's very purple, and half the words in the book, you know that Harry hasn't got a clue what they mean." Spare, then untitled, was first announced to the world in July 2021. The book, although an official date was never announced, was scheduled for late 2022. READ MORE: King Charles and Queen Camilla honour Sophie Wessex on her birthday with touching picture Just missing out on the lucrative Christmas market, Penguin Random House revealed, in late 2022, that the book would hit the shelves on January 10, 2023. The 38-year-old employed the help of John Joseph Moehringer, who is known by his pen name as J. R. Moehringer, to write the book. A source who works for the author told the Daily Mail in October: “He is charming and easy-going, but he has a killer nose for a story. "He’s spent his life writing about broken men and family relationships, starting with his own broken family.” READ MORE: Kate overjoyed after Army Captain breaks world record in first for a woman In his own book, he wrote about his "complex and difficult” relationship with his absent father. The memoir was released worldwide in hardback, as well as in audio and E-Book. In an earlier report by the Mirror, the book managed to sell 750,000 copies - across all three platforms - since its release last week. DON'T MISS William publicly responds to Harry claims for first time [REVEAL] Kate shrugs off poll nightmare as she steps out for rugby event  [INSIGHT] Meghan blasted for her 'uncharacteristic' no-show since Spare release [SPOTLIGHT] According to Nielsen BookScan, nearly 470,000 of those sales were in print alone. This is said to be worth around £6.6 million. Spare also became the fastest-selling non-fiction book in the UK since records began in 1998. Penguin Random House's director Larry Finlay wrote in a statement: "We always knew this book would fly but it is exceeding even our most bullish expectations".