Winter Love Island is returning on Saturday, January 14 and see's five new girls and five new boys enter a luxurious villa in South Africa. Last year, the series recruited its first deaf contestant, Tasha Gouri, who went on to come second with partner Andrew Page. This year, Essex lad Ron Hall is entering the villa and revealed he is determined to not let his disability stop him. Ron, 25, is a financial advisor from Essex and has revealed that he is looking to settle down with the right woman. He is the second contestant to enter the villa with a disability and recently opened up about his incident which left him blind in one eye. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, he explained: "When I was eight, I was playing football. "I was in a match and the ball basically came over and as I went down to head the ball, he [the other player] went up with his foot and basically knocked me out. READ MORE: Carole Malone fumes Harry 'should be banned' from 'every' royal event "Detached my retina, went to the hospital the next day and they basically said 'look, detached retina blah blah, should be fine.' "Had a load of operations but I don't know what happened with it all but basically it became very severe and things [with] the operations you know either weren't working or it was too severe, or we didn't pick it up quick enough. "I can't even remember how many operations between a year and two years, probably 10 plus." "I've got like a silicone oil in the back of it, I've got like a buckle in the back as well. And basically, by like operation six or seven they were like 'No, you're not going to get your site back'," he revealed. Ron continued: "So for me, it was all about trying to make it look as normal as possible. Obviously, I was a kid at the time and I didn't really want pain but the problem was, probably from the age of eight to 18 it was extremely painful. "Things like UV light, sunlight, and it was almost like someone poking you in the eye all the time. But for some reason, when I was 18/19 the pain just stopped. "You know I could open my eyes properly. I can look out into the sun with no sunglasses and be absolutely fine. It doesn't water and I've got one blue, well one blue, one green. "I've always used it to my advantage. I always say there are so many people that are worse off than me, obviously, it's a disability, right, we're calling it what it is. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry's claims of Camilla 'planting stories' shut down [INSIGHT]GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash [LATEST]Piers Morgan slammed for 'car crash' coverage of Prince Harry [WATCH] "I'm labelling it however, it doesn't bother me at all. But there are so many people worse off than me, it doesn't impact me as much as someone else. So you have to look at the positive side of things." Ron explained that when he was a child, people used to him him "pirate" and "Popeye", but he embraced the names and ended up calling himself "Ron one eye". Laughing at the memory, he added: "So for me, the fact that I was always making jokes, you become very comfortable with anyone who says anything. I've never been impacted by bullying, obviously. "I think when I was younger as a bit more self-conscious, especially when it came down to taking pictures because it used to close up a little bit. "There are things that I always pick up like anyone about their own body when you look in the mirror, you pick certain things but whether people notice it or not and if they do it doesn't really doesn't bother me at all. "Hopefully people can see that I'm still myself, still confident, still very you know my own person with it." When discussing what he wanted to find in a girl, he claimed he wanted to find someone "nice" with good manners. Love Island begins Saturday, January 14 from 9pm on ITV2.