Everton have reportedly made an offer for Rennes winger Kamaldeen Sulemana as they look to replace Anthony Gordon and sign the first player of the Sean Dyche era. Gordon brought in £40million in one payment from Newcastle after the England under-21 international skipped training to force through a move to Tyneside, as the fee received ensured that the Toffees could become active in the final few days of the January window. The Athletic have claimed that Everton made a verbal offer for Sulemana on Sunday and are waiting for a response from Rennes, who have set an asking price of £26m for the Ghanaian. Southampton have also made a £17.5m offer for the 20-year-old which was rejected and while the Ligue 1 side are reluctant to sell their forward, they may be tempted to cash in as he has made just two league starts so far this campaign. Bournemouth have also shown an interest in Sulemana, who wishes to leave Rennes over a lack of playing time. Dyche’s new side are keen to bolster their forward options after losing Gordon, while only Wolves have scored fewer goals than Everton in the Premier League so far this campaign. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE Everton are also one of the clubs interested in signing Manchester United starlet Anthony Elanga on loan until the end of the season, though it remains to be seen whether Erik ten Hag’s side will let the Swedish winger leave as the Red Devils themselves have few options to call upon in forward areas. Sulemana came through the Right to Dream academy system and joined Danish side FC Nordsjaelland, where he excelled and became the most expensive player ever to leave the Superliga as he was signed by Rennes 18 months ago for a reported £17.5m fee. The French side are said to have demanded £35m in the past, which deterred Newcastle from attempting to sign him and instead recruited Gordon from Everton. DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart Whether Rennes could come down from their asking price remains to be seen, as their stance could soften before the window closes at 11pm on Tuesday. They may not want to turn down potentially big offers for a player that is not even starting under boss Bruno Genesio while they are having an impressive season, having recently defeated Paris Saint-Germain 1-0 and are currently fifth in the table. Dyche’s influence in the transfer is unknown, as Everton had reportedly made contact with Rennes earlier in the window before Frank Lampard was dismissed. Though Dyche has not been officially unveiled as the new Everton boss yet, it is unlikely that they would go against their incoming coach on a significant transfer outlay at a crucial time in their season.