In other sectors, it is a major headache for business owners trying to keep their companies afloat in a country teetering on the brink of a prolonged recession. With RMT general secretary Mick Lynch warning that disputes could go on “indefinitely” unless a pay settlement is reached, it is clear that we cannot continue like this. A degree of sympathy for the striking workers is understandable from the wider public who are themselves feeling the pinch in the cost of living crisis. With the country readjusting to the disastrous effects of the Covid lockdowns, and rising energy prices following the war in Ukraine, inflation has made everything more expensive. Workers who can negotiate a pay rise are doing exactly that and unions can’t be blamed for encouraging their members to do the same. Within reason. Besides, it is the hallmark of a free and democratic society for workers to be able to withdraw their labour.  A degree of sympathy for the striking workers is understandable from the wider public who are themselves feeling the pinch in the cost of living crisis. With the country readjusting to the disastrous effects of the Covid lockdowns, and rising energy prices following the war in Ukraine, inflation has made everything more expensive. Workers who can negotiate a pay rise are doing exactly that and unions can’t be blamed for encouraging their members to do the same. Within reason. Besides, it is the hallmark of a free and democratic society for workers to be able to withdraw their labour.  How long will people remain sympathetic when they consider there are no trains running after all that money was spent on safeguarding rail workers’ jobs? Even more so if they never set foot on a train but are shouldering this financial burden. How is that fair? The Government’s hands-off approach suggests it may be counting on the public’s souring mood to drive home the industry’s need for reform. According to a recent IPSOS poll, public support for the most recent rail strikes is only 30 per cent, with 36 per cent of those surveyed saying they are against the strikes, and 27 percent remaining neutral. This is a far cry from the public support striking nurses have enjoyed. Lastly, it must be noted that some rail union demands are simply unreasonable. In particular, their continued opposition to the reduction in open ticket offices and the threat of redundancies. Why shouldn’t open ticket offices be reduced if ticket machines are just as good and cheaper? Should the public be expected to pay for inefficiencies at the behest of angry unions? Even RMT boss Mick Lynch’s demand for a guarantee of no compulsory job losses beggars belief. That is simply impossible. Most private sector employees could never dream of holding their employers to ransom over the potential of redundancies.  Companies grow and evolve – that is the nature of the free market. For union bosses to not see the damage they are doing by selling their members’ false dreams is morally reprehensible. The reality is simple; the current system is not working. High ticket prices and inefficiencies in our railway system are incentivising people to seek alternative solutions. Moreover, some unions may be overplaying their hand as other unions manage successfully to negotiate terms. In Wales, for example, Transport for Wales and the rail unions have secured a deal. Similar developments have also occurred in Scotland. I fear that if the rail unions prove to be too inflexible in their demands, they will strike their members out of a job. And they will have no one else to blame but themselves. 