Newcastle United could follow in Chelsea's footsteps by nabbing an Arsenal transfer target this month amid reports that the Magpies are eyeing up jet-heeled winger Moussa Diaby. Gunners sporting director Edu is still pushing to sign Mykhaylo Mudryk but there is no guarantee that the move will go through in January, while Shakhtar Donetsk hold out for a hefty fee. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta needs a winger before the end of the month, one way or another, with squad-depth issues threatening to derail their Premier League title bid. Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli have excelled on the flanks this term but the Gunners have little in the way of quality back-up, and Mudryk would be expected to challenge the existing pecking order. The Ukrainian is still relatively new to senior football but he has set the pitch alight this campaigm with five goal contributions in six Champions League matches. Arsenal are thought to be leading the race for his signature with Shakhtar willing to come down from their initial £88million valuation. With plenty of time left in the month for twists and turns, Mudryk's switch to the Emirates is far from guaranteed and Edu could be wise not to scrap his list of back-up transfer options just yet. JUST IN: Transfer news LIVE - Arsenal exit confirmed, Chelsea reach agreement  Arsenal were credited with interest in Bayer Leverkusen star Diaby during the summer and he would likely be an option to explore if their move for Mudryk falls through. The 23-year-old is now into his fourth season as a Bundesliga regular and his scoring prowess keeps on improving, with six in the league so far this season. According to German outlet Bild, however, Newcastle are weighing up a potential swoop for Diaby which could leave Arsenal with a dwindling list of options to choose from, should Shakhtar block a deal for Mudryk. Diaby is thought to have a long-standing admirer in Edu, who has kept tabs on the France international since the summer. DON'T MISS...Tottenham and QSI 'left specific topic off the table' during 'talks'Liverpool could sign four stars to solve major squad issueArsenal break Barcelona-style curse in Oxford United FA Cup win Newcastle steaming in to nab the Leverkusen star would be reminiscent of Chelsea's efforts to snap up Joao Felix over the past few days. Arsenal reportedly held talks with the wantaway Atletico Madrid star's representatives but held off on meeting the club's loan demands, only for the Blues to swoop in and close an agreement. Chelsea's speedy progress with Felix and Newcastle threatening to follow suit with Diaby only piles more pressure on Edu to force through a deal for Mudryk before the window slams shut. Although the 22-year-old may not slot straight into Arteta's XI, he is tipped for a bright future and Shakhtar chief Darijo Srna already believes him to be up there with the best wingers on the planet.  "We received an offer of £26m [from Everton in the summer]," admitted Srna to CBS Sports. "And when our president doesn't sell a player for £26m, especially in such difficult times, he is sending a message to everyone that he wants to progress in the Champions League and to win the championship. "Mudryk is a serious talent. After Kylian Mbappe and Vinicius Jr, he's the best player in Europe in his position. If someone wants to buy Mudryk they must spend a lot, a lot, a lot of money and respect our club and our president."