Dolly Parton is hard at work on her new rock and roll album Rock Star, which she’s revealed will include Sir Paul McCartney and Stevie Nicks. The record will feature covers of tracks by the likes of Led Zeppelin, Prince, Lynyrd Skynyrd and Prince. Ahead of its release, the Country legend has celebrated her 77th birthday today by putting out a new single about God’s judgement on the world. In a new Instagram video, Dolly said: “Well! Today is my birthday. So Happy Birthday to me! Happy Birthday to me! And these are my birthday flowers! Somebody said, ‘What are you going to get on your birthday?’ I said, ‘I’m not gonna get, I’m gonna give’. I’ve got a song that I’m dropping today on my birthday. It’s a song that came to me in a dream and I felt like it’s worth putting out there, something special. Well, it’s special to me. I had a dream about God standing on a mountain, looking down at us saying, ‘Don’t make me have to come down there!’ And then, it woke me up. I got up, I started writing this song and over a period of weeks and months I finished it, as things would come to me. And I just felt like I should drop it on my birthday. So I hope you enjoy it.” Dolly, who has spoken of her Christian roots, wrote in her biography: “I’m not that religious, but I’m very, very spiritual. I grew up in very religious surroundings. I grew up with a Bible background, and I’m glad I did. I know my Bible stories.” Her apocalyptic song is from God’s point of view and includes lyrics like: “Don't make me have to come down there/You've always been my cross to bear/I’ve let you try my patience as all good Fathers do/You're on my last nerve, I have had it up to here with you.“I gave you a book, you didn't read it/I gave you my word, you didn't heed it/Gave you a map, you said you didn't need it/And now you've lost direction and you're wandering aimlessly.” Some of her Christian fans may find the lyrics a little odd given that they believe God literally did “come down” as the man Jesus Christ to redeem the world of its sin and promises to “come down” again one day. Interestingly, Don’t Make Me Have To Come Down There isn’t the first song Dolly’s written based on one of her dreams. READ MORE: Dolly Parton: How she reflected on 'extraordinary Elvis' after death Dolly famously turned down Elvis Presley when his manager requested his client cover her song, I Will Always Love You. However, the Country star refused to give up half the publishing rights and ended up crying all night. Of course, this decision paid off in the end when Whitney Houston made her track one of the biggest hit singles of all time. Nevertheless, Dolly always regretted never meeting The King and ended up having a dream where they made up and sang the song together. It’s called I Dream About Elvis Last Night and is exclusively performed by her with an Elvis impersonator at her live shows, but she plans on recording it properly one day.