Some Everton fans have travelled to the club’s training ground, Finch Farm, to protest against the owners as deadline day begins to conclude. The Toffees have failed to welcome any new signings to the club, despite the arrival of Sean Dyche in the Goodison Park dugout. Everton are currently 19th in the Premier League and will need to improve significantly if they are to have any chance of avoiding relegation. The club parted ways with Frank Lampard earlier this month after a string of disappointing results to relegation rivals, with succeeding him. The former Burnley boss arrived with his own transfer targets, though the club have failed to land any targets. Fans have consequently pointed the finger at the ownership at the club and feel that they have let the side down at an important time. Supporter protests are far from uncommon in the blue side of Merseyside, with this somewhat embarrassing window being just another reason why owner Farhad Moshiri and chairman Bill Kenwright are being called to leave. Flags of ‘Kenwright out’ and ‘This is our club, not yours. It’s time to go,” were seen outside of Finch Farm with just hours of deadline day remaining, with fans on social media supporting the protest. Everton have been linked with signing Lucas Moura, Viktor Gyokeres and Anthony Elanga this month, though deals were not reached for any of the trio. Chelsea playmaker Conor Gallagher and Besiktas forward Michy Batshuayi were also approached but they did not want to join the club due to their recent struggles. Anthony Gordon was sold to Newcastle earlier this month in a deal worth £45million, though it appears unlikely that any of those funds will be put to use before the end of the season. Moshiri has insisted that he will not be selling the Toffees despite recent speculation, telling the Everton Fan Advisory Board, Moshiri said: “The club is not for sale, but I've been talking to top investors of real quality to bridge a gap on the stadium. I can do it myself. The reason I want to do it is to bring top sport investors into Everton. We are close to having a deal done. It is not selling the club at all, it is just bringing more expertise in terms of global sponsorship, commercial development." "This is the most critical time in our history. It is almost an existential point. I am committed to this club, not just to this stadium but to join the elite. But I need your help. "The fans are the most important part of the Everton institution. We need to go through this together - only we can go through this together. Everton has been dependent on Goodison and the twelfth man. I know that we are much the weaker without the full-hearted support of the fans and I will do whatever it takes to get the fans on board. I'm on it 24 hours a day."