Alongside Anne Hegerty, Shaun Wallace, Mark Labbett, Paul Sinha and Jenny Ryan, Darragh is a knowledgeable force to be reckoned with. However, despite his success on the show against many of the contestants, Darragh recently admitted a surprising fact that he's not actually "that good of a quizzer". Before appearing on the show as a quizzer, Darragh entered as a contestant on the show and won his team £9,000 in his cash builder round. He went on to face Paul Sinha and managed to take his money into the final round, along with three of his contestants. Despite winning the show, the other three contestants all took the lower offers which meant they split £6,300 between them. Darragh's impressive performance gained the attention of the ITV bosses who offered him a permanent spot on the show. READ MORE: Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz However, Darragh recently revealed a secret he thought fans would be surprised to know about him. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he explained: "I think they would be surprised to know, that I am not actually that good of a quizzer, which is probably the biggest one. "Everyone thinks that I am being falsely modest, but I am a relatively mediocre quizzer, I am good at The Chase because I work really hard to study the kind of things that come up on The Chase. "But when it comes to actual quizzes, like actual quizzes I am not that good. I am in a team in Oxford and we are a mid-table team. "The online quiz team, we are third or fourth division and we [recently] played against Jenny and Anne's team and they battered us. "Paul has been the number one ranked quizzer in Britain, I would be 100. I am good at The Chase but I am not that good of a quizzer. Everybody says you are too nice." Darragh also opened up about what it was like to become part of the show and the biggest challenge he faced. He explained he had to learn a lot of British culture questions, as he didn't grow up in the country. DON'T MISS...James Martin in tears after 'TV dad’ gives emotional health update [LATEST]Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [WATCH]James May having 'difficult time' following Grand Tour 'axe' [INSIGHT] "There was quite a big gap in time making that step and me being on camera, and the major one is that I didn't grow up here, so things that British people just know, I didn't know. "Things that would be considered very easy for a British person, were very difficult for someone who wasn't born here. "Stupid things like where do the motorways go? Or what county is something in? I didn't know it so I had to do a lot of work on that. "Oh and I am also terrible at pop culture, I am really bad at soaps and modern music and all of that kind of stuff so I had to get a lot of work in and get a lot of help." During the Christmas special, the team dressed up as characters from Alice in Wonderland, with Darragh taking on the role of the Mad Hatter. Viewers of the show praised the comparison, with @General_Townski writing on Twitter: "Darragh fits the Mad Hatter just perfectly." @SummerSINGERS0 expressed: "Darragh as the mad Hatter love it." Gemma Burnley laughed: "Darragh looking very festive in his outfit." (sic) The Chase airs weekdays from 5pm on ITV.