Cruise lines like to travel with full ships and may offer cheaper prices when the departure date nears. However, guests have explained why trying to get a last-minute offer could be a “gamble”. On Reddit, a cruise guest said: “It’s mostly interior rooms, so no room selection to speak of and the last-minute balcony rates are sky high. “The savings aren’t worth it for me and I wouldn’t recommend it for a first-time cruiser, honestly.” Interior cabins are the cheapest rooms on a cruise ship but guests will have to cope without having a window. Guests that suffer from seasickness might find it worse in an interior cabin and it won’t work for claustrophobic tourists. READ MORE: Cruise guest shares reason they board ship ‘last’ Another guest said: “I do see some good prices sometimes as sail dates approach, but you need to be flexible. “Most people have jobs that do not allow them to take a week off with next to no notice. If you book last minute, you may not be able to get the exact sailing you want. “You may not be able to get the exact room you want. Be aware that last-minute flights are usually more expensive.” If people are flexible when it comes to their room and destination, they may be able to get a cheap last-minute deal. However, cruise passengers will need to factor in the cost of flights unless the ship leaves from the UK. Flights usually only get more expensive as the departure date nears and could be way over the odds on a last-minute booking. A guest added: “As long as you know it’s a gamble, there’s no harm in trying. You might get lucky!” Outside of peak holiday time, there may be more chance of getting a last-minute deal as ships are likely to be quieter. READ MORE: Peru’s Machu Picchu closed indefinitely due to ongoing protests Another guest recommended people use a travel agent to book their cruise as that could help them save money. They said: “Advice from our travel agent is that last-minute deals aren’t what they used to be. “Book what you want to sail. We followed this advice and got a free upgrade on our last trip, from an interior room to a balcony. “Our travel agent saw the deal before we did and called us. Always good to have a good agent looking out for you. “Someone who wanted a good, discount last-minute deal got our inside cabin while we got the upgrade because we had already booked. “The cruise company wants to sell the cabins. By booking earlier, we benefited.” Cruise lines may offer customers the chance to upgrade their cabin if the ship isn’t full close to the sail date. Guests with interior cabins could get the chance to move to a balcony room without paying more if they’re lucky.