Manchester United have reportedly ruled out a move for Borussia Dortmund star Marco Reus ahead of Sunday’s Premier League clash with Arsenal. The 33-year-old has been linked with a move to Old Trafford in recent times after his agent held talks with Erik ten Hag. However, it appears the veteran won’t be moving to the club as things stand. Reus’ agent was recently in attendance to watch United’s stirring 2-1 win over Manchester City, with goals from Bruno Fernandes and Marcus Rashford giving them all three points. And it then emerged that Ten Hag had been involved in talks over a potential deal for the veteran, whose Borussia Dortmund contract is due to expire at the end of the season. According to the Daily Mail, however, United have now ruled out signing Reus. The Premier League giants have decided not to pursue a deal for the veteran, who currently earns £200,000-a-week. And, given his injury record, that’s potentially for the best. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Reus, on his day, can be one of the best players in world football - something he’s shown time and time again during his career in Germany. But he’s been plagued by fitness issues in recent years and has missed more matches than he’s played in. United have previously signed injury prone stars and, now, it appears as though they’ve learned their lesson. Sir Alex Ferguson thought Owen Hargreaves would be a shrewd signing when he recruited the midfielder from Bayern Munich back in the summer transfer window of 2007. But Hargreaves missed the best part of three years through injury before leaving for Manchester City in 2011. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see United also made the same mistake with Bastian Schweinsteiger as well. Big things were expected of the German when he moved from Bayern in 2015 to reunite with Louis van Gaal. Yet he was past his prime by then, missing large chunks of United’s season, and was eventually offloaded by Jose Mourinho after an underwhelming 18-month spell. Speaking ahead of United’s clash with Arsenal on Sunday, Ten Hag refused to rule out more signings coming in this month. "As Manchester United, always you have to look for solutions and look for better [players] and that's what we will do," he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "We will be doing our research and if there are opportunities, then we will have to go for it." United have signed two players so far this month. Jack Butland was the first to arrive, with the goalkeeper arriving from Crystal Palace following Martin Dubravka’s return to Newcastle. And United recently landed Wout Weghorst as a short-term replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo. Weghorst has opened up on his move to United and how it unfolded ahead of the Arsenal fixture, saying: "[The phone call] was in the evening. "It was already quite late, I was texting with my agent because I wasn't happy with [Besiktas] training and was complaining to be honest. “I was laying on the bed with the baby in my arms and he decided to give me the call. "He thought it was the right moment because he’d been planning it for a while and it got so far that he trusted to tell me. “I will not forget this call. I knew from the first second there was no doubt. "When you walk around here [Carrington] and in the gym you see the big Man United logo above you, I can try to sound tough and cool but no, this is something special and I'm really proud. I will give my all for this club."