Arsenal's pursuit of Mykhaylo Mudryk is proving to be the saga of the January transfer window. But even if a deal gets completed, Mikel Arteta will face a fresh issue. Arsenal are reported to have submitted a third bid to Shakhtar Donetsk. The new offer is said to be around £62million plus add-ons. It still falls short of Shakhtar's public valuation of the player, which is around £88m (€100m). But there is a growing sense a deal will be struck soon. Personal terms will not be an issue, as Mudryk has made it abundantly clear he is desperate to move to the Emirates. His social media activity this month has regularly been a clear hint at his desire to join the Premier League leaders. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  However, even if a deal is finalised, Arteta may not be able to use the 22-year-old as much as he would want straight away. Shatkhar's domestic season ended last November. Mudryk hasn't played a competitive match since November 23, when he scored in the 3-2 win over Vorskla Poltava. He has been having some downtime in recent weeks, including playing tennis as well as watching Arsenal on his tablet. He returned to training with Shakhtar at their pre-season camp in Turkey earlier this week. He was filmed doing some gym work as well as being out on the pitches with the ball at his feet. But he is clearly short of match action. Shakhtar play some friendlies later this month as they prepare for the resumption of the Europa League next month. DON'T MISS:Chelsea owner Boehly has four options to replace Potter if sacking happensMan Utd have signed another Nani as chiefs come to transfer realisationArsenal have huge double suspension worry ahead of Tottenham clash  But their first match isn't until January 20, when they play Austria Vienna. Arteta would be keen to use Mudryk straight away but perhaps cameos off the bench are more realistic for the first few weeks at least. He won't be registered in time for this Sunday's north London derby at Tottenham. But Manchester United visit the Emirates seven days later, before the FA Cup fourth-round tie at Manchester City. Arteta has repeatedly stated his desire to strengthen in attacking areas in this window. He doesn't want to waste the opportunity the Gunners have this season and Mudryk has always been his top target. However, Arteta may not be able to rely on him as much as he would want due to his lack of match action of late. Mudryk is only in the first few days of what is his pre-season, so Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka may have to continue to shoulder most of the responsibility out wide for the time being.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here