Lewis Hamilton has yet to sit down and discuss his F1 future with Mercedes despite Toto Wolff’s confidence in striking a new deal. The seven-time world champion has revealed negotiations to keep him at the Silver Arrows post-2023 have not yet started. In a busy week for F1 updates, Ferrari and Red Bull have had details about their new cars leaked weeks ahead of their official unveiling. Express Sport looks at the biggest stories this week. Mercedes are yet to agree to terms with Lewis Hamilton over his future in F1, according to the British star. Hamilton has a deal in place until the end of the 2023 season but has previously claimed he would sign a new multi-year extension. The German manufacturer had revealed discussions would start after the season but Hamilton has now suggested an agreement is a way off. He told Bild: “We haven't started yet. So far, there has been no time for this, we were on the road.” It comes after Mercedes boss Toto Wolff suggested Hamilton’s new offer would be tackled in the off-season. He explained: “Well, the job list is pretty long in what is needed to be done. “But certainly, Lewis’ contract is one of the topics that we will tackle over the winter. But there is no firm deadline.” READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton tipped for two more years in F1 despite stalled talks Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz are set to see two major changes to their 2023 car, according to reports in the Italian press. In a stunning leak, it is understood that the Scuderia’s new car will weigh below the FIA’s minimum weight limit. It is understood the team will also enjoy a 30 horsepower boost as engineers tackle their reliability woes. Ex-team boss Mattia Binoto previously claimed engines had to be dialled down due to mechanical issues experienced early on in the season. The extra speed could prove vital as Red Bull are also set to make changes ahead of next season. The championship winners are expected to introduce a new chassis around 3kg lighter than the 2022 model. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton believes Mercedes will be fighting four F1 teams [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton left 'devastated' after Ken Block dies in accident [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen puzzled by Lewis Hamilton crash woes as he aims jibe [COMMENT] F1 and FIA bosses have clashed over the news Andretti will join forces with American manufacturer Cadillac to mount a bid for the F1 grid. The team are targeting entry ahead of the 2026 rules changes despite some opposition from rival team bosses. However, FIA boss Mohammed ben Sulayem appeared to back the bid in a tweet after the announcement. He posted: “I welcome the news of the @Cadillac and @FollowAndretti partnership and the @FIA looks forward to further discussions on the FIA @F1 World Championship Expressions of Interest process.” His comments were more upbeat than a statement from F1 which warned there were still hurdles to overcome to secure a successful bid. They explained: “We all want to ensure the championship remains credible and stable and any new entrant request will be assessed on criteria to meet those objectives by the relevant stakeholders.”