Gary Lineker insisted Arsenal can win the Premier League while Piers Morgan celebrated the Gunners’ victory over Tottenham in the north London derby. Mikel Arteta’s side went eight points clear of Manchester City in the top-flight and are strong favourites to win the division for the first time in nearly 20 years. Hugo Lloris’ own goal and Martin Odegaard’s long-range strike secured Arsenal a 2-0 win at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. They have now completed a league double over their fierce rivals since 2013-14. Former Spurs striker Lineker has reluctantly conceded that Arteta’s team will win the league this year. The Match of the Day presenter tweeted soon after full-time: “Arsenal will win the Premier League title this year.” Meanwhile, Arsenal fan Morgan made four points about the Gunners’ triumph. Using bullet points, the 57-year-old said: “Brilliant win by Arsenal away to the old enemy…. We go eight points clear at the top of the league. Bring on [Manchester] United next week. Love this team.” JUST IN: Mikel Arteta's Arsenal copy Invincibles with incredible Tottenham win Arteta was impressed with his players after the game. Arsenal crumbled in this fixture last season and their Champions League chase was crushed thanks to a 3-0 defeat. The Spaniard reflected: "Everything. I loved the way we played and the courage we showed to come here and play. Doing our job we can make a lot of people happy and I'm sure we've made Arsenal fans very happy. "It is not for me. Everything we ask they are so willing to try and do. They are a terrific group of players. I think today we went another step. We won last season in big stadiums, but the way we won today was really pleasing to watch. "It shows not only determination and courage but you have to have the belief and quaity to do it against this team. That is absolutely down to the players. DON'T MISS...Tottenham boss Conte reacts to Ramsdale incident and admits concernsMikel Arteta breaks silence on Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer sagaRedknapp fumes at 'unacceptable' Spurs fan who attacked Ramsdale "We were really aggressive. We were really intense against the high press. We won so many balls and duels. They created some openings, they are a dangerous team, but we did a lot of good work today." However, police are investigating an incident after the game involving a fan and Arsenal goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale. The Spurs supporter appeared to aim a kick at Ramsdale as the 24-year-old collected his bottle and towel from his goal after the game. The FA said: “We strongly condemn the incident involving a spectator that followed today’s Premier League fixture between Tottenham Hotspur and Arsenal. This is wholly unacceptable behaviour and we will work together with the police, the relevant authorities and the clubs to ensure the appropriate action is taken.”