With energy bills increasing, it is important to get the most out of your household appliances when using them, including the dishwasher. Coming in various different sizes, with different compartments, dishwashers are a great investment for those with busy schedules and families. However, it is important to know how to stack it properly, to avoid ending up with dirty plates. Tor Rydder, an organising expert and founder of Organizing TV, said: “The way you organise your dishwasher can be the difference between a clean plate and a dirty plate, and there are many mistakes people make which lead to the latter. “Here are some tips and tricks that will ensure your dishes are as clean as possible. Firstly, make sure that your plates and dishes are facing the centre of the dishwasher. “A lot of people think that a dishwasher is a little magical, that if you put a dish in there no matter what, it will be clean by the end of the cycle.” However, the water gets thrown from the middle of the appliance, meaning the side facing the middle of the machine will be hit the hardest. This means it is important to put the dirtiest side of the plate, bowl or dish facing the middle. READ MORE: I cleaned my bathroom grout without bleach - results Tor also advised against rinsing plates before they go into the dishwasher, which he said often “shocks” a lot of people. This is because many people often think food particles may build-up in the bottom of the machine. While this may be true and cleaning the appliance regularly can help this, the organisation expert said most dishwashers and dishwasher tablets are designed to work with food particles to make sure dishes are as clean as they can be. Rinsing plates, dishes and cutlery beforehand could “hinder” the dishwasher’s tablet ability to target food. Tor added: “My third tip is to watch out for the tines. DON'T MISS:I tested five brands of washing up liquid - here’s what I thought [COMMENT]‘Affordable’ DIY jobs to make a ‘massive’ improvement to your home [INSIGHT]‘Magical’ product to ‘instantly’ remove toilet limescale [EXPLAINER] “The tines are the little spokes that hold your plates upright, plates and bowls should be placed between the tines, and not on top of them. “When your plates and bowls are placed between the tines, it allows the water to move more freely into the top shelf of the dishwasher. “Putting anything on top of the tines will stop this and hinder the cleaning of items on the top shelf. “My final tip is to make sure you don’t overcrowd your dishwasher. The water in the machine and the sprayer arms that wash your dishes will need enough space to get in and do their jobs. READ MORE: ‘Most common misconceptions’ about mould growth in the home Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Overcrowding a dishwasher could inhibit this and your dishes won’t be as thoroughly washed as they could be.” To help save on energy bills, it is important to make sure it is filled as much as possible though, as this will ensure it is only used every couple of days, meaning it won’t massively impact energy usage. According to appliance manufacturer Whirlpool, there are a variety of kitchen items which can be cleaned in a dishwasher, including mixing bowls and pans. These should be placed in the back of the bottom rack and angled to face the centre of the dishwasher. Meanwhile, small plates can be loaded to fill any gaps to ensure no space is wasted. Britons should also take time to make sure they are not blocking the sprayer arms which could hinder the whole cleaning cycle. The pros said: “The sprayer arms contain the jets that wash and rinse your dishes, and blocking them can affect the washing performance in your loads.” While there are a variety of items which can be placed in the appliance, there are also some which are suitable for hand washing only. This includes kitchen knives, fine china, delicate glassware as well as wooden items and cast-iron pots and pans.