Interior design trends are often influenced by external factors such as technology, politics, the environment, the economic landscape and other factors. The coronavirus pandemic, for example, changed people’s attitudes towards their homes, affecting the entire interior design market. With more people working from home, our properties had to work harder to become multifunctional spaces fit for exercise, entertaining and meetings. With this in mind, Karl Mok, a design expert and consultant who has been working in the design industry for over six years, has shared the common interior trend homeowners should “move away” from, plus, which trends will be popular in 2023. Karl said the pandemic has meant our homes are becoming “truly multipurpose”. However, this could mean open-plan spaces are on their way out as it can often make people feel “on top of each other”. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ household item to clean your entire bathroom with He exclusively told Express.co.uk: "With the pandemic seeing our homes becoming truly multipurpose, with dining tables and sofas becoming places to work and learn as well as relax, we’re starting to see a move away from open space living and a return to clearly defined spaces. “Create a sense of privacy in large communal areas using room dividers or curtains to break up large open-plan rooms as well as soften any noise. “This will help to create intentional spaces in your home and stop the feeling that everyone is on top of each other.” Karl has also shared his interior trend predictions for 2023 which include a return to neutrals and maximalism. DON'T MISS‘Necessary’ steps to avoid brush marks when painting kitchen cabinets [INSIGHT]Free method to ‘instantly’ kill unsightly driveway and patio weeds [UPDATE]Household staple to kill moss on paving with ‘no scrubbing’ [ANALYSIS] Neutral tones are great as they are often timeless and are the perfect blank canvas when it comes to selling a property. Neutral colours can also be paired with bright pops of colour, varying textures, contemporary lighting and other neutrals like taupe, black and white. Karl said: "Warm neutral shades like creams, taupe and light browns will be taking over from the cool-toned grey and whites we’ve seen in recent years as we draw more on natural inspiration. “Not only are these shades softer and more appealing to the eye, but they are also extremely versatile and can be incorporated into any room or style, mixing well with most colours, textures, and finishes. READ MORE: Budget tip to recreate the limewash wall trend for less than £10 Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Pair wooden or wicker textures with warm whites and grey accents for an effortlessly cool and relaxing colour palette that suits any room." Maximalism often means more is more and includes everything from layering, bright colours, bold prints and oversized accessories. Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen, who is known for his flamboyant dress sense and interior design, is a champion of maximalist interior design. Maximalism is the opposite of minimalism which is all about getting rid of excess items and being utilitarian. Maximalism is more about design features and bold colours, shapes, tones and textures. Karl explained: "With more of us embracing our homes as a reflection of our true sleeves, Maximalism is set to see a return. “This trend sees a move away from the simple, clean lines of minimalism and embraces all things bold and bright, with an emphasis on decoration. “This doesn’t mean letting your house become cluttered, instead, it’s all about curating fun and creative accessories that show off your personality and bring you joy. “Think decorative wallpaper, mirrors, gallery walls, and candles - the more unique the better."