Yellowstone prequel 1923 is now well and truly in full swing with the first four instalments delivering on Taylor Sheridan’s typical blend of gripping family tensions, menacing threats to the Dutton clan, and, of course, rather bloody and brutal exits. The Yellowstone prequel returned to Paramount+ on Sunday with episode four titled War and the Turquoise Tide and gave fans an update on Jacob’s (played by Harrison Ford) well-being as well as Spencer’s (Brandon Sklenar) newfound romance with Alexandra (Julia Schlaepfer). However, despite viewers being gripped by the ongoing plot lines in the Dutton family history, they’ll have to wait a while to see the next developments. That’s because episode five of the Yellowstone prequel won’t land on Paramount+ this month. In fact, 1923’s return has already been confirmed and penned in the diary for Sunday, February 5, 2023. Needless to say, 1923 fans everywhere have been left less than impressed with the delay to the next episode in the series, with many blasting Paramount for its scheduling decision. READ MORE: Yellowstone's Kevin Costner drops huge Jamie Dutton death hint On Twitter, 1923 fan @istweetingnow raged: “Next episode- February 5th? Please stop with the breadcrumbs. “People are paying for a service with consistency,” they added before several others also took to the site to vent their own fury. “Feb 5th for the next episode? Say it aint so…” Tom Disanto commented while @birFilmci questioned the decision: “Next episode will be 1 month later?” Elsewhere, Bryan Carvajal fumed: “AYY YOOO FEBRUARY 5TH? What in the actual F?!” Ann Finnie was also in disbelief: “What! Why do we have to wait until February 5th for the next episode when it just started? So wrong! #1923TV.” While @miquiasnow96 praised the show before expressing their anger: “Y’all better not be sleeping on #1923TV OMG! I can’t believe we have to wait until February 5th!!!” However, the four-week-long wait for the next episode of 1923 is nothing compared to the delay fans of the flagship drama are preparing for. Yellowstone season five headed on its midseason hiatus at the start of the month and is yet to even receive an official return date. DON'T MISS:Yellowstone 1883 family tree explains who James Dutton is to JohnYellowstone paid tribute to Dr Glenn Blodgett with a title cardYellowstone star Josh Lucas admits he initially wanted different role Paramount has simply insisted that Kevin Costner and co will return to screens in the summer of 2023. When 1923 returns to Paramount+ in February, it looks like Jacob and the rest of the Duttons will have to deal with the threat of Banner Creighton (Jerome Flynn) once more. He’s now rallying an army of supporters and appears to have employed formidable backing in the form of Donald Whitfield (Timothy Dalton). Banner has promised Donald he’ll be able to control Jacob’s land within six months if he helps him, although it looks like they’re destined to fail given Yellowstone’s existence. Elsewhere, Teonna Rainwater (Aminah Nieves) finally snapped like never before following the brutal treatment of her and fellow Native American students at her school. She struck a nun who was hitting her friend before becoming subject to her own stomach-churning punishment courtesy of Sister Mary (Jennifer Ehle). Despite her wounds, Teonna was more determined than ever and put her escape plan into action after creeping into Sister Mary’s room with a sackful of Bibles and the rest is history. But will Teonna make it out of the school and to freedom alive? Fans will have to wait until next month to find out if Sheridan answers that question and many more. 1923 returns to Paramount+ in the UK and USA on Sunday, February 5.