Vladimir Putin has sent a frigate armed with Zircon cruise missiles to the Atlantic and Indian oceans. Russia's deployment of hypersonic missiles in its war against Ukraine is capable of breaching NATO Naval defences. Putin made the announcement on Wedneaday in a video conference with Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu and Igor Krokhmal, commander of the frigate named "Admiral of the Fleet of the Soviet Union Gorshkov". The Russian President said: "This time the ship is equipped with the latest hypersonic missile system - 'Zircon' - which has no analogues. "I would like to wish the crew of the ship success in their service for the good of the Motherland." A terrifying video showed the warship firing missiles into the air as it sailed through the sea in May 2022. Shoigu added: "This ship, armed with 'Zircons', is capable of delivering pinpoint and powerful strikes against the enemy at sea and on land." The cruise missile has a lift-generating centre body. It can travel at a speed of Mach 8–Mach 9 (6,090–6,851 mph; 9,800–11,025 km/h; 2.7223–3.0626 km/s). At this speed, the missile would be invisible to radar systems. The director of the Crisis Research Institute, Mark Almond, told Newsweek that the Zirkon missiles are ”part of Putin’s saber-rattling to distract the West from his ongoing operations in south-east Ukraine”. He added: “That said, the West is inhibited by Putin’s silent nuclear blackmail from going too far in helping Ukraine. The Kremlin wants to win a limited war against the West inside Ukraine and the West wants to defeat Russia in a limited war inside Ukraine.” It comes as Russian soldiers are struggling to advance on the front in Ukraine. Unauthorised use of cell phones by Russian soldiers led to a deadly Ukrainian rocket attack on the facility where they were stationed, according to the Russian military. Gen. Lt. Sergei Sevryukov said in a statement late Tuesday that phone signals allowed Kyiv's forces to “determine the coordinates of the location of military personnel” and launch a strike. The attack, one of the deadliest on the Kremlin's forces since the start of the war over 10 months ago, occurred one minute into the new year, according to Sevryukov. READ MORE: Grieving Dad makes plea to pool owners after son, 3, drowned It was the latest blow to the Kremlin’s military prestige as it struggles to progress with its invasion of its neighbour and stirred renewed criticism inside Russia of the way the war is being conducted amid a successful Ukrainian counteroffensive. Ukrainian forces fired six rockets from a US-provided HIMARS multiple launch system at a building “in the area of Makiivka” where the soldiers were stationed. Two rockets were downed but four hit the building and detonated, prompting the collapse of the structure. Details of the strike have trickled out in recent days. UK intelligence officials said Wednesday that Moscow’s “unprofessional” military practices were likely partly to blame for the high casualty rate in Makiivka. DON'T MISS:China threatens retaliation over 'unacceptable' travel restrictions [INSIGHT]Kremlin’s lack of equipment blamed for struggles in Bakhmut [ANALYSIS]Biden slammed for Brexit meddling as President accused of 'sycophancy' [VIDEO] “Given the extent of the damage, there is a realistic possibility that ammunition was being stored near to troop accommodation, which detonated during the strike, creating secondary explosions,” the UK Defence Ministry said in a Twitter post. In the same post, the ministry said that the building struck by Ukrainian missiles was little more than 12 kilometres (7.5 miles) from the front line near Avdiivka, within “one of the most contested areas of the conflict.” Both Makiivka and Avdiivka, a key target of Russia’s grinding offensive in the Donetsk region, lie on the outskirts of its namesake capital. “The Russian military has a record of unsafe ammunition storage from well before the current war, but this incident highlights how unprofessional practices contribute to Russia’s high casualty rate,” the update added.