The Larkins, which stars The Chase's Bradley Walsh and Joanna Scanlan, saw its ratings slump following Sabrina Bartlett's departure. Sabrina, who portrayed Mariette Larkin, announced she was stepping down from the role in February 2022. The series is reportedly due to be axed due to "disappointingly low" ratings for its second series and alleged "cast disagreements". The Darling Buds of May reboot had 2.9million viewers for its second series - compared with 4.8million for the first episode in the opening season. A source told The Sun: “The Larkins is going to be dropped in the new year - the writing is on the wall. “The ratings for series two were disappointingly low and cast disagreements on set have been an ongoing problem for the production team." The source claimed Sabrina's decision to exit the series came following a disagreement with on-screen love interest Tok Stephen. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton unrecognisable after transformation They claimed: “Sabrina’s issue with Tok and her decision to leave, was a massive problem for the bosses. But there have also been other disagreements.” Express.co.uk has contacted ITV for comment regarding the reports. Newcomer Joelle Rae replaced Bridgerton actress Sabrina when the series returned in October. Season two made its debut on Sunday, October 16, and there were six episodes in the series. Earlier this year, Sabrina's replacement Joelle revealed she already had a connection with her on-screen sibling Primrose Larkin, played by Lydia Page. She said she knew Lydia before joining the show as they both trained together. The actress explained: “I trained at a place called Television Workshop in Nottingham. I’m a Midlander and so is she, we never were in the same playgroup together, we were never in the same sessions together so our paths never properly crossed.” She added: “I distinctly remember her in a play called Middletown, I was watching it with my mum and I was like, ‘This girl is incredible!' Her talent is unimaginable, she’s so good at what she does. Obviously, when I heard that she was in it as well, it was like, ‘Yay a familiar face!’" DON'T MISS...The Larkins star hints at ‘very terrible’ twist for Pop and family [UPDATE]Sabrina Bartlett has been replaced as Mariette in The Larkins season 2 [LATEST]The Larkins star Bradley Walsh opens up on busy filming schedule [INTERVIEW] While Joelle was relieved to know someone who was part of the cast, she was still anxious about joining the series. “Coming into a cast as somebody knew is obviously always going to be quite daunting," she added. “Since filming we’ve obviously gotten a lot closer which is really lovely, I feel like I’ve found a real friend in Lydia.” The original Darling Buds of May aired from 1991 to 1993 and it launched the career of Catherine Zeta-Jones. The Larkins is available to stream on ITV Hub. 