Andy Murray won an epic point in his Australian Open second round clash with Thanasi Kokkinakis that saw his opponent smash his racquet on the court after the Australian was furious having lost the point, even though he was in control throughout the first two sets, but Murray won the third set after an impressive rally. Murray made a series of spectacular shots to keep himself in with a chance of winning the point, before Kokkinakis then hit the net aiming an effort back at the Scot and then threw his racquet at the floor in frustration. Murray found himself two sets down and on the verge of exiting the Major, after losing 6-4, 7-6 to the Australian but has battled back and broke his opponent after saving four smashes and then forcing an error. It was dubbed 'the best break point ever' by many fans on social media, as Kokkinakis' rage continued as he argued with the umpire over a time violation following Murray's four consecutive defensive lobs before the error. JUST IN: Djokovic crowd anger Aus Open commentator as fans told to show respect Murray took full advantage of his rattled opponent, banging down an ace to secure a love hold and draw level in this third set as the game ticked past one o'clock in the morning in Melbourne. The Brit was unable to continue with his positive momentum and Kokkinakis broke him to go up 4-2. The Aussie's racquet throw was not the only time he became irate against Murray, as he was furious when the umpire called a time violation and claimed she only gave him one, because Murray was handed the same punishment earlier.   "No mate, what are you doing," Kokkinakis moaned to the umpire. I'm waiting! What is that s***? You cannot call that while I'm waiting for a caller. "I was there, I waited. He said something, I go again. You're just saying that because you feel bad about his. That's 100 per cent... What's the problem then? You're not waiting for s***. I'm waiting for him to stop talking. What are you talking about?" Kokkinakis was able to curtail his anger and then took a fifth point in potentially the deciding set against Murray despite being 40-30 up, the home player won the next two points to move one game away from winning the match, though Murray claimed a 7-6 victory in the third set. 