Joe Biden once again appeared to pronounce Rishi Sunak's name incorrectly as he announced a fleet of highly powerful Abram tanks will be delivered to Ukraine. Stuttering as he referred to Germany Chancellor Olaf Scholz and French President Emmanuel Macron, Biden then referred to the Prime Minister as 'Sa-nook'.   "The United States and Europe are fully united. This morning, I had a long conversation with our NATO allies. German Chancellor Scholz, President Macron, Prime Minister Sa-nook and Italian Prime Minister Meloni to continue our close coordination and our support of Ukraine,"the 80-year-old told a White House press briefing. This isn't the first time the President has struggled to name the leader of the United States' closest ally. When Sunak became PM last October, Biden told reporters: "Just today we’ve got news that ‘Rashid Sa-nook’ is now the Prime Minister." Gaffes aside, Biden announced America's commitment to providing Ukraine with 31 M1 Abrams main battle tanks, the toughest in the US arsenal.  The President also lauded Germany's decision to send Leopard tanks and to allow the re-export of those tanks from other countries who hold them, including Poland and Finland. He said Europe would provide two tank battalions of Leopard 2 tanks. Biden also touted Britain's commitment to deliver 14 Challenger 2 tanks and France's decision to provide armoured vehicles. "Today I'm announcing that the United States will be sending 31 Abrams tanks to Ukraine, the equivalent of one Ukrainian battalion," Biden said. "Defence Secretary Austin has recommended this step because it will enhance Ukraine's capacity to defend its territory and achieve strategic objectives. READ MORE: Sunak tells Scholz, Macron and Biden Russia now 'on backfoot'  "The Abrams tanks are the most capable tanks in the world and they're also extremely complex to operate and maintain. "So we're also giving Ukraine the parts and equipment necessary to effectively sustain these tanks on the battlefield." The announcement is sure to be welcome news for Ukraine's President, Volodymyr Zelensky, who is celebrating his 45th birthday today. It's also a blow to Vladimir Putin whose forces have stalled on the battlefield despite using prisoners and the shadowy mercenary group Wagner to launch bloody attacks in the east of the country. DON'T MISS:Putin’s 'Wacky Races' style Wagner Wagon branded 'battlefield taxi' [REPORT]Russia rushing out 'experimental' T-14 tank despite troops' complaints [INSIGHT]Russia livid as US and Germany send tanks to Ukraine [ANALYSIS]  However, many analysts, and indeed Kyiv, believe that Russia is preparing for a massive spring offensive. Tanks the West is now providing Ukraine could help Kyiv push back against Russian troops even further, likely spurring a new Ukrainian offensive. Following several stunning counterattacks in the latter half of last year, during which Kyiv's forces recaptured huge swathes of territory, the front lines have remained largely static. The most intense fighting has occurred in and around the city of Bakhmut - a focal point of fighting in the east. Although the town is believed to have limited strategic importance, it has become a rallying cry for both Russia and Ukraine who are fighting a bloody battle for control of the town.  