Heat pumps are green technology which warm a home by transferring thermal energy from outside and circulating it into a home's energy system. Thanks to the Government’s Boiler Upgrade Scheme, households are able to receive funding for the installation of this equipment. Experts believe the country is a long-way off from making heat pumps affordable, with some estimating the cost of installation could reach £35,000 on top of rising energy bills. However, one of the UK’s largest housebuilders is planning to introduce heat pumps and move away from gas boilers. This follows a recent Government report which recommended a ban on gas boilers in favour of more environmentally friendly technologies. Redrow, which builds over 5,000 new homes a year, has witnessed hiked demand for energy-efficient features from homebuyers in recent years. A recent study found that 74 percent of adults in the UK shared that they thought living in a green home is more important to them now compared to the year before. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Matthew Pratt, Redrow’s CEO, discussed why the transition to a Net Zero may involve gas boilers being replaced with heat pumps in homes. The chief executive noted that with the proliferation of equipment, such as heat pumps, businesses “expect costs to come down”. He explained: “Our recent research shows 83 percent of respondents would be willing to pay more for an energy efficient home. “There is a small increase in cost compared to a gas boiler, however we know that customers are happy to invest in energy efficiency and when it comes to future proofing their home. As these technologies become more widespread, we expect costs to come down further. “As part of a Mitsubishi Electric heat pump trial, which included a lived-in customer experience over the period of a year under real life conditions, Redrow monitored usage to compare energy consumption for heating and hot water against a benchmark home with a traditional gas boiler. “The results show that heat pumps consume significantly less energy than gas boilers, operating at an efficiency of around two to three times that of an A-rated boiler.” The homebuilder’s CEO outlined why the company is opting to adopt heat pumps into their future homes, despite the fears over expenses. Mr Pratt added: “Our customers want premium homes that are good for their pocket and good for the planet too. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing “Our decision to adopt air source heat pumps enables us to manage this industry transformation at our own pace, ensuring we bring suppliers of new technology on board at the right time and manage the roll out carefully. “By making one change now rather than making the steps in regulations in the build up to 2025 it is also simpler and easier for customers to understand.” While many homes do not have heat pumps installed in them already, Redrow looks set to change that and current homeowners have options available to them. Notably, the Boiler Upgrade has attracted attention for covering the partial cost of installation of this equipment. It should be noted only one grant can be awarded to each household and the scheme is currently available only in England and Wales. Here is a breakdown of the funding available for those homes looking to install heat pumps or other energy-efficient technologies into their home: