Arsenal are reportedly interested in re-signing former academy star Jaidon Anthony from Bournemouth. The winger spent 10 years with the Gunners before being released in 2016. Anthony was a regular for Bournemouth in the Championship last season. He appeared in 45 of their 46 league games, starting 38 of them. He scored eight goals and registered seven assists as the Cherries earned promotion back to the top flight. But he has struggled for game time this term. Anthony has made 14 appearances but just four as a starter. He made his Premier League debut against Arsenal in August as Mikel Arteta's side ran out 3-0 winners. But he has clearly caught the eye of Arteta in the months since. The Mail claims Arsenal are keen on signing the winger, who is out of contract at the end of the season. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Leicester are also interested, as are Bundesliga clubs Borussia Monchengladbach and Bayer Leverkusen. Talks have stalled between Anthony and Bournemouth over a new contract and he could soon be leaving the Vitality Stadium. Arsenal are set to make their first signing of the window after agreeing a deal to buy Leandro Trossard from Brighton. The Belgian is set to cost an initial £21million, plus a further £6m in add-ons. Arteta has prioritised the signing of a winger since the summer transfer window. He missed out on Mykhaylo Mudryk after Chelsea stormed in to beat their rivals to the Ukraine star's signature. At 28, Trossard is slightly older than the profile of player Arsenal have targeted in recent windows. Anthony would be a more typical signing of Arteta and Edu's regime. DON'T MISSArsenal slapped with another fine as FA uphold punishment despite claimMan Utd star Martinez has made midfield pledge ahead of Arsenal clashChelsea 'submit firm £44.5m offer' for Zidane to replace under-fire Potter  Anthony knows the likes of Emile Smith Rowe and Reiss Nelson having played alongside them both in the Gunners academy. If he does make a move to the Emirates, it would be a far cry from what he has been used to at Bournemouth of late. The Cherries have lost every match since Gary O'Neil was given the job on a permanent basis. They sit 17th in the table, just a point above the relegation zone. Anthony played in Bournemouth's last match against Brentford on Saturday. He was substituted in the 66th minute of the 2-0 defeat in west London. Meanwhile, Trossard is set to undergo a medical at Arsenal soon. The Gunners are hopeful a deal can be secured by 12pm on Friday in order for him to be available to play Manchester United on Sunday. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 