Manchester United have made an offer to sign Cameroon international striker Vincent Aboubakar on loan until the end of the season, according to reports in the Middle East. It's no secret that the Red Devils are actively exploring the market for opportunities to bolster their attacking options following the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo, whose contract was torn up by mutual consent in November. Now United could be provided with a left-field solution in the form of Ronaldo's new Al-Nassr team-mate Aboubakar. The 30-year-old frontman is now being forced out of the club to accommodate CR7 and he is expected to move onto pastures new in the January transfer window. According to Saudi Arabian newspaper Okaz (based in Jeddah), United have now submitted a loan proposal for Aboubakar which would see him move to Old Trafford until the end of the season. The report also claims that Aboubakar has a second offer from Turkish giants Fenerbahce, meaning he could have to pick between the two clubs should Al-Nassr accept the proposals. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE United are believed to be the frontrunners due to the size and stature of the club even though the ex-Porto frontman has previously played in Turkey. The Cameroonian centre-forward has enjoyed two spells with Besiktas in the Super Lig having also scored goals in Europe for Valenciennes, Lorient and Porto. Aboubakar has plenty of pedigree at international level too having finished as the top goalscorer at the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations that was hosted in his home country. He struck eight times in seven matches and was named in the Team of the Tournament by AFCON officials. DON'T MISSChelsea ace Marc Cucurella causes Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink and Jamie Carragher disagreementShakhtar chief spotted yards from Todd Boehly as Chelsea and Arsenal battle intensifiesMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag casts doubt over Jadon Sancho return following Holland exile The target man also caught the eye at the World Cup in Qatar as he netted a stunning scoop in the rollercoaster 3-3 draw with Serbia. In the third and final group match, Aboubakar then downed Brazil with a famous winner before later being sent off for removing his shirt during celebration. Should United pull off a swoop for Aboubakar - although it must be noted that the reliability of these reports is currently unclear - he would walk a similar pathway to fellow African striker Odion Ighalo. Ighalo joined United on loan from Shanghai Shenhua on transfer deadline day in January 2020. The eleventh hour deal saw him secure his dream move in the final hours of the transfer window before later signing a permanent deal at Old Trafford the following summer. It wasn't to be though for Ighalo, who would depart United to join Saudi side Al Shabab in 2021. The 33-year-old has since moved to Al-Hilal, another Saudi team that were interested in signing Ronaldo, where he has scored 20 goals in 25 outings. United have already made one loan signing in the form of Jack Butland, who has signed from Crystal Palace until the end of the season. The Red Devils are also exploring the capture of Joao Felix from Atletico Madrid, although the La Liga club must lower their demands before United push to complete a deal.