Venus Williams has withdrawn from the Australian Open after picking up an injury during her run to the second round at the ASB Classic. The 42-year-old received a wildcard into the first Grand Slam of the season but has been forced to return it following a new physical setback. It comes as Emma Raducanu's Australian Open chances hang in the balance after the 20-year-old rolled her ankle at the same tournament in Auckland and criticised the court conditions. Williams shut down any talk of retirement when she accepted a wildcard into this year's Australian Open to begin her 27th full year on the pro tennis tour. But the former world No 1 has now been denied her first appearance at Melbourne Park since 2021 after picking up a fresh injury at the ASB Classic in Auckland. The seven-time Grand Slam champion had also received a wildcard into the WTA 250 event to prepare for the first Slam of the year and managed to get her first win in 18 months in the opening round, downing Katie Volynets 7-6(4) 6-2. But she suffered defeat in the second round following a match that took a total of seven hours to complete due to rain delays, starting outdoors and ending indoors. The American lost to Zhu Lin 3-6 6-2 7-5 after finding herself 5-3 up in the final set and serving for it before losing the last four games in a row. Williams had taken the first set after play was delayed from an hour, returning at 1-2 down and breaking the Chinese player twice to take it. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic piles praise on Medvedev ahead of mouthwatering clash  Zhu was then leading 4-2 when play was stopped for the rain again and play was ultimately moved indoors, where Williams ended up suffering defeat. She later admitted the conditions had been difficult to deal with, saying: "It was not great. Definitely tough. I've played a lot of matches in my life and I've played through some intense delays but it was definitely like two separate matches. "Outside, it was really tough. It was rainy, windy. It was tennis but it was more about surviving instead of playing great. Indoors, it was completely different but I got to hit a lot of balls so that's important." And Williams has now been forced to pull out of the Australian Open citing an injury picked up during the tournament in Auckland, with Australia's Kim Birrell receiving her main draw wildcard instead. While her exact injury and how it was sustained are not yet known, Williams is not the first Grand Slam champion to find their Aussie Open hopes potentially ruined after getting injured at the ASB Classic. DON'T MISSDjokovic eases to Shapovalov win to set up Medvedev clash pre-Aus OpenDjokovic match suspended for eight minutes due to badly-timed fireworkAsh Barty announces pregnancy ahead of Australian Open tennis return  Raducanu was forced to retire from her own second-round match in tears after rolling her ankle at the end of the second set. The extend of her injury and whether it will prevent her from competing in Melbourne in nine days' time currently remains unclear, but the Brit criticised the indoor court conditions after picking up the freak injury. "The courts are incredibly slick, like very slippery, so to be honest it’s not a surprise that this happened to someone," she said after retiring to Viktoa Kuzmova, having taken the first set 6-0 before dropping the second 7-5. But tournament director Nicolas Lamperin has since hit back and said: "The courts have been checked and we’ve had a number of matches on the indoor courts." Williams is the lastest tennis star to pull out of the Australian Open after current ATP world No 1 and reigning US Open champion Carlos Alcaraz announced his withdrawal on Friday evening after picking up a new leg injury. In an Instagram post, the teenager wrote: "When I was at my best in preseason, I picked up an injury through a chance, unnatural movement in training. This time it's the semimembranosus muscle in my right leg. I'd worked so hard to get to my best level for Australia but unfortunately I won't be able to play the Care A2+ Kooyong or the Australian Open." 