Slippers can collect dirt and grime on the sole while odours become trapped in the fibres of the lining - both of which are hard to avoid. Whether you enjoy furry Ugg-style boots or suede, wool-lined mocassins, looking after the delicate fabrics is what puts many people off washing their slippers. Laundering your cosy footwear alongside other dirty garments could easily ruin their shape or softness, though according to cleaning experts, all you need is some dish soap, baking soda and a toothbrush. As a general rule, slippers should be spot cleaned rather than trusted with the washing machine, even if they're made of simple materials like cotton. When it comes to choosing the ingredients to wash away stains and odours from your indoor footwear, you should stick to the same gentle formulas you would use for dress shoes. Though you can use the same, or similar tools to deep clean slippers, a cleaning expert at Grove recommended taking a different approach to each type of fabric - from cotton and wool to suede and leather. Wool The Grove expert said: "Due to its natural, odour-repellent properties, wool needs cleaning much less frequently than other materials." This means you need nothing more than a soft-bristled brush such as a toothbrush, dish soap, a small bowl and a cloth to clean away any dirt. READ MORE: ‘Biggest’ garden mistakes to avoid ‘devaluing’ houses - ‘damages’ home Start by removing stuck debris with the dry brush to clean the different parts of your shoes. Next, create a cleansing mixture made up of two cups of warm water and two drops of dish soap. Damped a clean cloth in the solution and spot treat the visible stains as needed. Leave to air dry for as long as possible to bring the fluffy fibres back to life. Cloth and cotton Instead of dish soap, you should use a gentle liquid laundry detergent to wash slippers made from synthetic materials, cloth, or cotton. A toothbrush is still needed for this style of footwear to scrub away the grit and grime. The Grove experts recommended pre-treating stains on cloth and cotton with a small dab of the laundry detergent, using either a finger or a clean brush. Massage the soap into the stains and leave it to sit for 10 minutes. DON'T MISS:‘Easy remedy’ to remove radiator sludge to save on 25% on heating bill [EXPERT]5 ‘essential’ garden plants that need to be pruned in winter - and how [INSIGHT]‘Most effective’ method to use tin foil to boost radiator efficiency [TIPS] Though it can be tempting, the cleaning professional warned against using a hair dryer to revive your clean slippers. They said: "High heat can potentially shrink your slippers, warp their shape, and melt any glue used to attach the soles." Suede READ MORE: Kate perfects her famous 'athletic physique' despite having 3 children Fleece-lined slippers For fur or fleece-lined interiors, baking soda is the most effective tool. Simply sprinkle the inside of the slippers with the naturally-deodorising powder and allow it to sit for several hours. Use the handheld extension of a vacuum to clean it up afterwards. The cleaning expert added: "If you’re looking for how to clean Ugg slippers or other fur-lined or fleece interiors that have stains, make a mixture of two cups of warm water and one teaspoon of gentle detergent. "Dab the stains with a damp cloth and allow the slippers to air dry when finished." Unlike cloth and cotton fabrics, you can use a hair dryer to speed up the drying process. Use it on the lowest setting to avoid overheating, or stuff the soles with paper towels until fluffy and dry to the touch.  Leather As one of the most delicate and luxurious styles of slippers, leather shoes need extra care when it comes to cleaning. While the Grove experts suggested using castile soap for leather, you can use dish soap and water if you live in a soft water area with a low risk of mineral residue. Start by brushing any debris clinging to the leather before mixing a solution of warm water and soap. Using a cloth or soft-bristled brush, gently scrub the liquid onto the leather slippers in small amounts. Wipe with clean water and allow to air dry in front of a fan or radiator. For extra shine, massage a drop of leather conditioner or a homemade alternative using natural baby soap, white vinegar and water. Wipe away the excess and leave it to fully absorb over a few hours. Buff with a shoe brush to finish the deep clean.