Prince Harry felt shut out after the Prince and Princess of Wales moved into Kensington Palace. In his memoir, Spare, the Duke of Sussex reveals how he was pleased to move into Nottingham Cottage which is across the road from the palace where William and Kate set up home with the birth of Prince George. Harry writes: "It was nice to get out of the old place, but even better to live in front of Willy and Kate. I could see myself dropping in to see them all the time." The Duke details how he looked forward to popping in to see the Waleses with presents for George and "throwing himself on the floor" to wrestle with William and Kate's eldest son. He recalls how they were "half a football pitch away" from where he lived and he could hear the couple's nanny go past with the pram at all hours. Harry writes: "I took it for granted that I would be invited to their house at any moment. But the days went by and it didn't happen. "I understand, I thought. They're busy! Building a family! Or maybe... three's a crowd. Maybe if I get married things will change." The Duke goes on to note that William and Kate had made "repeated allusions" as to how much they liked Harry's former girlfriend, Cressida Bonas, who he was in a relationship with from 2012-14. The latest revelation from Harry's memoir comes as the prince continues his publicity drive to promote the work, which was ghostwritten by J.R. Moehringer. Harry has made a series of accusations against the Prince and Princess of Wales, including that William physically attacked him in a row about the Sussexes' future as working royals. READ ABOUT HARRY HAVING DOUBTS OVER DISCUSSING HIS FAMILY In an interview aired today on Good Morning America, Harry also insisted Elizabeth II was neither angry nor upset with him for wanting to step down as a senior working royal. The Duke said the late-Queen knew how hard it was for him, but felt sad at how it turned out. Good Morning America presenter Michael Strahan asked the duke: "Did she ever express that she was upset at you?" Harry responded: "For what?" Strahan replied: "For wanting to change your role." DON'T MISS: GB News sparks uproar as Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'ill' [REPORT] Harry squirms as Bradby says cocaine use was in 'public interest' [REVEALED] Dan Wootton slams Prince Harry ‘interview’ claiming royal ‘chose BFF' [OPINION] Harry said: "No. My grandmother and I had a very good relationship. It was never a surprise to anybody, least of all her. "She knew what was going on. She knew how hard it was. She never said to me that she was angry. I think she was sad that it got to that point." Harry's memoir comes four months after the death of Elizabeth II and amid a long-running feud between the Duke of Sussex and Prince of Wales. The Duke described his sadness that there was no compromise from his family over his plan to move to Canada, but still remain part of the working monarchy in 2020.  Elizabeth II summoned the now King, Charles III, and his sons to her Norfolk estate to try to resolve the Megxit crisis, but it was ultimately decided Harry and Meghan could not be half in and half out. Strahan asked: "There was no compromise with the family?" Harry replied: "No - which was really sad because I still to this day believe that this was entirely possible." Strahan said: "There are going to be people who say, 'Why don't they either be in or get out, because if you get out there's no hypocrisy'." Harry said: "I can't ever get out and I'm incredibly aware of my position. I'm incredibly grateful for the life that I've had and continue to live. "But there's no version of me being ever able to get out of this. I was stunned that my family would allow security to be taken away, especially at the most vulnerable point for us." It was at Sandringham that Harry said William left him terrified by screaming and shouting at him. The Duke made the claime in his Netflix documentary. Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace have not responded to Prince Harry's claims. Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10.