A woman who stuck a 12-year-old boy with a seven-foot paddle board, leaving a permanent scar on his forehead, has been given a suspended prison sentence. Fay Johnson admitted the charge of assault causing actual bodily harm on Antwon Forrest who was attacked in Bristol last year. Bristol Crown Court heard that 32-year-old Johnson struck Antwon while he was with a group of 30 children at Conham River Park in Bristol. Johnson was paddleboarding with three children on the river, when some of the group Antwon was with began throwing balls of mud and rocks at people passing on the river. They hit boats, canoes, paddle boards, and Johnson's daughter, however, there is no evidence Antwon was involved in this, the court heard. The prosecutor Ehsanul Oarith said that Johnson was “agitated and visibly angry” when she confronted the children after her paddleboard was struck. “She was at one point up against Antwon Forrest, they were both making comments towards each other,” Mr Oarith told the court. “A witness saw them push each other, following which the defendant used the paddle in her hand to hit Antwon Forrest. "There was a cut on his forehead. It was a 1cm-long cut which had to be glued closed. “She had clearly lost it, she was very, very angry at the time.” Emma Martin, who represented Johnson, said her client was “ashamed, desperately embarrassed and remorseful”.  She claimed Johnson's “protective maternal instinct spilt over into rage” after her daughter was hit by one of the flying rocks. “She realised they were throwing things not at her but they seemed to be directed at the children. One of those missiles hit her daughter,” Antwon, the court heard, "stood up" to Johnson when she lambasted the children for throwing the objects. “She was pushing him back, he then put both of his hands on her shoulders and pushed her back, she struck him with the paddle,” Ms Martin said. Johnson herself called the police, as did others. Avon and Somerset officers attended the scene and arrested Johnson, however, she was then de-arrested, escaping prosecution. However, following a campaign from Anton's family, the case was reclassified as racially motivated and Johnson received an assault charge. Ms Martin insisted there was no racial motivation behind the attack. Judge Edward Burgess agreed.  Johnson, who has moved house and changed job since the incident, following death threats, was sentenced to four months in prison, suspended for six months. She was also ordered to pay Antwon £500. “You struck him in the forehead with a very large paddle, causing a nasty injury which bled heavily at the time and has left a visible scar,” the judge said. “Every time he looks in the mirror as he grows up, throughout his life, it will be a constant reminder of what you did to him. He continued: “I am satisfied it was not in any way racially motivated. I accept this was an impulsive act of violence.” Antonia Forrest, Antwon's aunt, said her nephew was "so traumatised" by the event, which "has terrified him.” 