Lisa Marie Presley died aged 54, following a reported cardiac arrest, with her mother Priscilla confirming the heartbreaking news. Her fourth husband Michael Lockwood, 61, has paid tribute to his ex-wife, admitting his world had been "turned on its ear" as he looks after their twins Finley and Harper Vivienne, 14. Michael's lawyer, Joe Yanny, has released a statement on his behalf as he looks after his two children. It reads: "Michael had been hoping for a speedy and complete recovery because her children needed her. "It is very sad it didn't turn out that way. Michael's world has been turned on its ear, he is with both of his daughters now." Yanny added that Michael's prayers are with Priscilla Presley and the rest of the Presley family. READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss Michael and Lisa married in 2006 and had their twin daughters in 2008, before splitting up in 2016 with a bitter custody battle to follow. The former couple spent years fighting over finances and were still continuing the battle up to her death yesterday. He was seeking $40,000 a month in child support and insisted she had more money than she claimed in court documents. Due to the divorce proceedings with Michael, Lisa temporarily lost custody of her twin daughters, who went to live with their grandmother Priscilla. In a 2017 deposition, a year after the acrimonious split, she admitted to abusing cocaine, opioids, painkillers and alcohol. Lisa added that she had been to rehab "several times", admitting to between three and five rehab stints in a Mexican facility. The former couple is understood to have split the custody of their children 50/50, with Michael taking care of them with his new wife. After their split, Lisa Marie was left begging to a judge to "declare her officially single" from her estranged husband who refused to divorce even five years later. DON'T MISS... Dancing On Ice star Christopher Dean rushed to hospital after accident [LATEST] Kanye West 'married' again two months after Kim Kardashian divorce [HOLLYWOOD] Gino D'Acampo says wife 'knew he would break the cage' in marriage [INSIGHT] She said that there was "no hope" for the couple to reconcile and wanted to "move forward" with her life. Lisa Marie attended the Golden Globes just two days ago alongside her mother in support of the biopic, Elvis. She was interviewed on the red carpet alongside her friend Jerry Schilling by Extra host Billy Bush. In the clip, Lisa turned to her friend for support as she said: "I'm going to grab your arm." She appeared to talk slowly in the interview while slurring her words when she responded to questions about the Elvis star, Austin Butler. The interview wrapped up with Lisa telling her interviewer that Austin was making his way down the entrance. Priscilla confirmed to PEOPLE Thursday evening that her daughter had sadly died following the reported cardiac arrest. The statement read: "It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us. "She was the most passionate, strong and loving woman I have ever known. "We ask for privacy as we try to deal with this profound loss. Thank you for the love and prayers. At this time there will be no further comment."