Erik ten Hag could make five changes to the Manchester United team that beat Nottingham Forest 3-0 on Wednesday against Reading in the FA Cup. Paul Ince returns to Old Trafford in the fourth round tonight as Ten Hag looks to continue his 100 per cent record in domestic cups. United responded to two disappointing trips to London last week by cruising past Forest in the first leg of their Carabao Cup semi-final. But the focus now turns toward the FA Cup, which the Red Devils will be eyeing as a prime opportunity to potentially collect at least two trophies in Ten Hag's first season in charge. Express Sport takes a look at how the Dutchman could line up against Reading, with Forest's visit to M14 in four days also to consider. Ten Hag will view tonight's clash as a good chance to hand De Gea a break ahead of a hectic schedule stuffed with crucial games. Tom Heaton started ahead of Jack Butland against Charlton Athletic in the Carabao Cup earlier this month, just days after the latter joined on loan from Crystal Palace. And he could be given the nod again here on the basis of boasting a greater understanding of the Dutchman's style. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Ten Hag has confirmed Diogo Dalot is still out of contention through injury, so Aaron Wan-Bissaka will continue his renaissance at right-back. Tyrell Malacia has deputised for Luke Shaw admirably this season, and with a 'question mark' over the latter, he should start back-to-back games. Lisandro Martinez is expected to keep his place after receiving the Man of the Match award at Forest midweek, in line with Ten Hag's strict left-side centre-back philosophy. And Harry Maguire get some minutes, replacing Victor Lindelof, alongside the Argentine after missing the trip to the City Ground. DON'T MISS: Bruno Fernandes puts Marcus Rashford and Man Utd team-mates to shame  United undoubtedly play better with Casemiro on the pitch, but he could come back out of the team against Reading to hand Scott McTominay the chance to play. Fred has been a valuable impact substitute under Ten Hag and may be rewarded with a rare start this weekend. The third midfield spot is likely a toss-up between Bruno Fernandes and Christian Eriksen after the latter came off earlier at Forest. Fernandes is the more likely to start, only missing the Charlton cup game through suspension as Kobbie Mainoo made his United debut. Antony should've scored against Forest, but it was one of his better performances since his £88million arrival from Ajax in the summer. Ten Hag will make a late decision on Jadon Sancho, with the winger 'improving' in training, but it would be surprising to see him thrown in. Sancho could very well make his first appearance in over three months from the bench, though, with Alejandro Garnacho replacing Marcus Rashford on the left. Wout Weghorst can build on the momentum from his first United goal midweek as Anthony Martial remains a doubt through injury. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here