Meghan Markle has has been caught up in a spat with her half-sister Samantha Markle for a number of years. But now, British-born lawyer Mary Ruth Houston has been hired to act as a mediator in the bitter defamation case between Meghan and her estranged half-sister Samantha. The 61-year-old was hired after Samantha launched the case after claiming that her reputation has been shattered by comments Meghan made regarding her childhood. In a bid to avoid a jury trial, Ms Houston will attempt to bring about peace and help find a resolution in the ongoing feud, the Mirror reports. Prior to the meeting in November, a source told Sunday People: "Mary Ruth [Houston] is a keen climber and has scaled a number of mountains, including the highest active volcano in the world. "[Mary Ruth's] experience is likely to help her because there's definitely a risk of dealing with eruptions in this case." Meghan made the comments, that Samantha is referring to, in her interview with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021. Samantha, who is the elder daughter of Meghan's father Thomas Markle, was also left angry over claims made in Meghan's 2020 biography, titled Finding Freedom, which was written by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's' friends, Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand.  Samantha is also the author of her own book, The Diary of Princess Pushy's Sister, which was released in 2021. The 58-year-old has claimed that she wants £60,000 in damages from Meghan. If an agreement fails to be reached through Ms Houston's mediation, they are scheduled to stand face-to-face in a jury trial next January. Speaking of Ms Houston's mediation, a source has said: "This case between Meghan and her sister is likely to be Mary Ruth's biggest challenge yet." According to Samantha, Meghan's "rags to royalty" story is "false". She previously claimed that Meghan "fabricated" details of her background to the Royal Family, the media and during TV interviews. Samantha accuses her younger half-sister of launching a "premeditated campaign to destroy" her and their father's reputation.  READ MORE: Prince William 'has come to terms he's lost Prince Harry possibly for life', insider says In her 2021 interview, Meghan told Oprah that she had only met Samantha "a handful of times" and that she had "never had a relationship with" her or their father. During the interview, alongside Prince Harry, the 41-year-old said she had not seen her half-sister in "at least 18, 19 years." The lawsuit, which was filed in Tampa, Florida, states: "This is false. "Samantha spent time with defendant on a regular basis throughout her childhood and even lived in the same apartment house with defendant for a period of time."  DON'T MISS It added that "Samantha picked up Meghan from school; took Meghan for ice cream and to the mall regularly, and spent many family holidays with the defendant." It also claimed that Thomas was "Meghan's primmary caregiver" and that her and Samantha "saw each other regularly".