Romelu Lukaku has revealed that he does not want to return to Chelsea at the end of his loan spell at Inter Milan. The Belgium international is enjoying life back at Inter Milan and is hopeful that the Serie A side will sign him permanently. Lukaku was signed by the Blues in 2021 in a deal worth £97.5million from Inter, with the Stamford Bridge outfit impressed by how he had bounced back to form in Italy after an underwhelming stint at Manchester United. However, it was far from the homecoming that Lukaku would have hoped for. The striker scored eight in 16 appearances for the club, struggling to truly justify his price tag back in the Premier League - and was swiftly replaced by Kai Havertz up top. Lukaku was vocal about how unhappy he was back at Chelsea and was granted a loan move back to Inter – and he has already requested to stay beyond the summer and called for meeting with chiefs in a bid to find a solution that suits all parties. Speaking about his summer loan move in an interview with Sky Italy, Lukaku said: “I spoke to Chelsea about my relationship with the coach and I decided to come back to Inter. “Things went very fast and I'm happy. I hope to stay at Inter, Inter for me is everything. But we need to find a way with Chelsea. "I want to stay at Inter for a long time. Starting this year, my son is also playing for the Inter Youth Team and it will be great to continue here. We will talk to Chelsea at the end of the season to find a solution.” Lukaku has only made four league appearances for Inter so far this season, spending an extended part of the campaign on the sideline after injuring his hamstring and then his thigh. Though his lack of minutes at the San Siro has not prompted the forward to reconsider where he would like to play football permanently. He continued: “Inter fans are truly special; for me they're the best I've met. Even if we are in trouble, they are always there to help the team. I thought they were still angry with me (for leaving), but they know I've always had Inter in my heart, even if I left. "I had a few conversations with my team-mates; I told them the truth about why I left and why I came back. I hope to stay in the future too. For me, Inter means everything. Now I have to do everything necessary, together with the team, for Inter to win. Then we'll see." It remains to be seen whether Chelsea are willing to permanently offload Lukaku or whether Graham Potter demands the opportunity to work with the 29-year-old considering the lack of squad depth he has in the final third.