Pension Credit is a benefit payment administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) and those of state pension age on low income may be eligible. Last year, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt confirmed that the majority of DWP benefits will receive a rate hike in 2023. As such, pensioners claiming Pension Credit will be able to see this payment rate increase, which will be implemented in April. Through this particular benefit, those on low income will be able receive a top up payment to help with the cost of living. As it stands, Pension Credit recipients find their weekly income raised to £182.60 if they are single. Furthermore, for claimants who have a partner, the joint weekly income for both individuals will be hiked to £278.70. It should be noted that extra amounts can be awarded to those who have additional responsibilities, such as caring for another adult, or if someone has a severe disability. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come In his Autumn Statement, Mr Hunt confirmed that benefit payments will be raised by 10.1 percent sometime in April 2023. This is in line with the Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation for September 2022 and is not far from where the current inflation rate is now. When this rate increase is implemented, Pension Credit will rise to £201.05 a week for a single claimant. Couples in receipt of the DWP payment will see their sum increase from £278.70 a week to £306.85 a week. On top of the pending increases to benefit payment rates, the Chancellor has also confirmed that the majority of last year's cost of living payments will return. Among them is the cost of living payment for those on means-tested benefits who are eligible for a new one-off £900 cost of living payment. Due to being a means-tested benefit, Pension Credit recipients will also be able to claim this sum of money. Furthermore, all older people will be able to get the £300 cost of living payment reserved for pensioners this year. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Caroline Abrahams, the charity director at Age UK, previously discussed the importance of people claiming Pension Credit as it could be a gateway to other cost of living support. She explained: “There are so many good reasons to put in a claim for Pension Credit. Many older people are reliant on the state pension as their main source of income and just don’t have the flex in their finances to cope with the escalating cost of living. “Putting in a successful claim could not only give a significant boost to your weekly income, it also opens the door to a wealth of extra support including help with energy bills. “We know that around three quarters of a million pensioners are missing out on this important benefit at the moment, so we are urging anyone who is experiencing any financial issues whatsoever to put in a claim without delay.”  People can start their application for the DWP payment up to four months before they hit the state pension age, which is currently 66. Applicants can start the process anytime after this age but their application can only be backdated by three months. Claimants must show evidence of their income, savings, investments and National Insurance number. Those interested in applying for Pension Credit can do so by visiting the Government’s website.