Prince Harry held hands with the host on CBS as he spoke about his life and the release of his Megxit memoir “Spare.” To mark the release of his highly-anticipated autobiography, the Duke of Sussex, 38, also sat down with ITV's Tom Bradby, 60 Minutes' Anderson Cooper and Good Morning America's Michael Stahan.   The Duke of Sussex was in conversation with Stephen Colbert on The Late Show. In one of the clips, Prince Harry asked if there are any “veterans” in the house, as he began to talk about his life in Afghanistan. He goes on to claim the press has pushed “lies” that have been spread through some of the book's leaks. He said: “Without a doubt, the most dangerous lie that they have told, is that I somehow boasted about the number of people I killed in Afghanistan.”  "But it’s a lie and I hope, as the book is out, people may see the context. It’s really troubling and disturbing that they can get away with it.” The Duke of Sussex went on to further explain the reason behind sharing the sensitive information about his time in Afghanistan. He said: “I made a choice to share because nearly spending two decades working with veterans all around the world, I think the most important thing is, to be honest, and give some space to others, to be able to share their experiences without any shame. "My whole goal with sharing that detail is to reduce the number of suicides.”  DON'T MISS:Brits brace for washout as Met Office issues 176 flood warnings [SPOTLIGHT]Rishi Sunak’s plan for Brexit freedoms could trigger science fund boom [INSIGHT]Australia's highest ranking Catholic cleric Cardinal George Pell dies [REVEAL]  In a separate interview, Harry said that he is open to reconciliation with his family. When asked by Bradby if they would be watching the ITV interview, he said: "I really hope they do, but I don’t think they will. “And with regard to this interview, I don't know if they'll be watching this or not - but what I have to say to them, and what they have to say to me, will be in private and I hope it can stay that way." Bradby replied: "People might say, you’ve destroyed any chance of a reconciliation." The Prince of Wales, 40, has yet to comment on the claims made in Spare and Harry revealed to Cooper on Sunday that he is “not in touch” with his brother. He added: “But I look forward to — I look forward to us being able to find peace.” 