A lot of couples would say the secret to a happy marriage is never going to bed on an argument. Others would say being able to share their secrets, and to rely on each other to get them through life’s problems.    But one woman on TikTok thinks she has nailed married life in a very different way.  In a recent video posted to her page, a woman who goes by the username @lifewithbecky_xo advises women to “marry a man who lets you do little deals with him".  PlayStation downstairs with no bed time.”  The video shows her lying on her bed with three bags of snacks, and taking a sip from a McDonald’s cup.    It isn’t clear what happens if she runs out of food while he is just about to complete a level or is part of a team of people around the world trying to shoot their way out of a basement.  But it is clear that her marriage advice has not gone down well with everyone on her page.  Lewis said: “I’m sorry if you go bed, I go bed, if I’m playing ps5 or xbox so are you, marriage means togetherness, that’s just my take on marriage.”  Lukas Hanslik wrote: “So he only gets to have fun and do what he wants if he does something for you. Hmm.”  READ MORE: Loved-up Zara and Mike Tindall 'living the dream life' in new photos  And Badluckmojo gave some words of advice, saying: “Protip: don’t ever get married; play your playstation any time you want.”  Justagal posted the sad comment: “This was the end of my marriage I got used to being alone . . . just saying.”  With some crying emojis NFG4L said: “My girl said no N I asked why N she said cuz I said no.”  And sp1dey08 asked: “So if he doesn’t do this stuff he has a bed time?”  DON'T MISSNearly-identical strangers with same name and job take DNA test [PICTURED]Russian military ship spotted miles from UK coast with cruise missiles [REVEALED]Missing woman: Ana Walshe's last chilling note to husband revealed [REPORT]  But others could see the benefits of the arrangement, with Seqs saying: “He would cuddle me until I fell asleep cause I couldn’t sleep alone in the cold bed.  “Then he would go play his games as long as he wanted.”  And Jbeeart said: “I mean me and my other half have our own tvs in our bedroom to game simultaneously whilst eating snacks together so no deals need to be made.”  Nia commented: “I get back scratches until I fall asleep and then he’s off to his Xbox. It’s a win win lol.”  Jinkies posted: “People will hate on women not communicating their needs then say they’re being controlling when they make compromises to satisfy both people.”  And Erykah Singleton had a lightbulb moment, saying: “Damn, maybe I should make him start bringing me snacks.”    