For those looking for something more evergreen, it could be worth planting a range of plants that will keep your garden looking pretty no matter the time of year. To do that, Matt Jordan, gardening expert for The Greenhouse People has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk to share his top choices for garden plants that can “withstand all types of weather”. Hydrangeas are a much-loved flower and it’s for good reason. Not only do their gorgeous blooms look pretty throughout summer, but these shrubs are hardy during colder weather too. Matt noted: “The best time to plant your hydrangeas is in spring or autumn but keeping the plants in pots gives you more flexibility. “In pots, they can be planted all year round. Just be sure that the soil is not frozen, too wet or too dry. It’s best to move potted hydrangeas into a garage or shed if there’s the risk of freezing conditions.” Hydrangeas should be watered regularly so that the soil stays consistently damp, particularly during hotter months. Many varieties are resistant to frost in the UK however new buds can be impacted by freezing temperatures. READ MORE: ‘Worst’ tip to avoid watering your peace lily- will cause ‘root rot’ Pruning in later winter or early spring can ensure that new blooms pop up in summer. These colourful blooms are ideal for beginners because they’re relatively easy to care for and many varieties can withstand cooler temperatures in winter, according to the expert. The gardening pro explained: “Spending a little bit of time caring for pansies will pay off in the long run – deadheading, feeding and watering will encourage more flowers. “Winter pansies can be planted in September or October and regular feeding will ensure your plants survive for years to come. Winter flowering pansies are bred to withstand frosty temperatures and can quickly rebound when temperatures rise.” DON'T MISSKaren Brady’s quiet life in extremely wealthy and London district [INSIGHT]When to wash your bed sheets to eliminate germs and 'critters' [COMMENT]Plumber’s £1 method to remove toilet limescale - will look ‘like new’ [TIPS] Pansies don’t need to be watered regularly during a wet winter, but gardeners should take care that the soil remains moist. Gardeners should also consider where to plant their pansies. Matt said: “They grow best in the sunshine so place them in a sunny spot to ensure they thrive.” These evergreen shrubs produce beautiful flowers during late winter and early spring. Camellias need acidic soil to thrive and are best planted in autumn to allow their roots to develop before cold weather hits. READ MORE: ‘Important rule’ when pruning camellias for ‘healthy blooms’ The gardening guru said: “Camellias don’t require regular feeding or deadheading to promote flowers, making them relatively low maintenance. “Many varieties are resistant to cold weather in the UK and are considered quite hardy. In extremely cold or frosty conditions, covering new buds can ensure that they aren’t damaged.” These hardy perennials are ideal for a pop of colour. Cloth of Gold plants, or Yarrow, thrive in full sun in well-drained soil and typically flower from June to September, but they provide beautiful greenery year-round in milder climates. Matt urged: “While these are not fussy plants, avoid planting in soil that is too wet. They are drought-hardy so they can withstand dry, sunny conditions during summer. Be sure to plant them in well-draining soil as they tend to droop in wet weather. “While they can survive mild winters, a severe cold snap can cause them to die off. In this case, prune them down to an inch or two above ground level to promote healthy regrowth in the new year.” These “long-lasting flowers” are ideal for low-maintenance gardeners. Sedums provide great greenery in your garden and grow best as a border shrubs. They grow best in a sunny spot, in well-drained soil. The expert said: “Sedum can withstand extremely low temperatures, making them the perfect option for some greenery in the colder months. They typically produce flowers from June to August but the succulent green foliage lasts all year.” In February and March, Matt advised cutting back the old flowerheads to encourage new growth. After planting, Sedums need little watering or care as they are “drought tolerant”.