This week’s episode of Happy Valley saw Ryan Cawood (played by Rhys Connah) discover how his mother Becky Cawood (Emily Barnett) died. However, his grandmother Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire) refused to go into detail about what exactly happened and asked him to “trust her”. The tough conversation came after Catherine served up an ultimatum to the teen, warning him he’d have to live with Clare Cartwright (Siobhan Finneran) if he didn’t stop seeing his father Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton). Ryan rightly guessed Becky took her own life after he was born but nothing more. Over the course of Happy Valley, fans have been given little snippets about Becky’s life which painted a bleak picture of her demise. Becky was said to be a rebellious teenager and ran with a rough crowd, which included Tommy with the pair getting into an abusive relationship. Tommy raped Becky and she then fell pregnant with their child, but was too worried to tell her mother. READ MORE: Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire She only told her parents once she started showing but only said it was a one-night stand. Becky later gave birth to Ryan and six weeks after this she took her own life with her father Richard Cawood (Derek Riddell) finding her. Moreover, Becky left a note explaining how she’d fallen pregnant and the identity of the baby’s father. The show has previously seen Catherine visit Becky’s grave, while Ryan visited as well. But Catherine has tried to shield her grandson from all of the darkness she’d had to face. As the police officer told her sister Clare during their tense confrontation, Ryan was now exposed to all these sinister things she’d tried to protect him from. Moreover, by meeting Tommy, Clare had opened a can of worms with the violent criminal now having some influence over the child. Happy Valley actor Norton has previously addressed the crux of the story, saying: “It’s about a family - a police officer rather - called Catherine Cawood, played by the wonderful Sarah Lancashire, and her family; her sister, her grandson and her colleagues. “She has a relationship with a man, Tommy who had a relationship, or a very abusive relationship, with her daughter.  “Her daughter had a son called Ryan, and so Tommy Lee Royce’s son, Ryan, is also Catherine Cawood’s grandson.” Adding: “It has inextricably linked these two characters and they become these two fearsome adversaries.” Interestingly, the actor said the character of Tommy remained something of an enigma to him as well after all these years of portraying him. He went on to say the character was a “terrifying mess” of a human after having “certain preconceptions” when he started working on the series in the first season. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb's true identity in Nicky twist [THEORY]Holly and Phillip spark backlash as fans demand new DOI hosts [VIEWER REACTION]Happy Valley fans 'work out' Hepworth's link to Tommy [INSIGHT] The star, 37, went on to say: “We would talk about him quite flippantly as if he is a psychopath. “And I did a lot of work into psychopathy and was introduced to some behavioural psychologists and criminal psychologists who were really wonderfully helpful in excavating Tommy and the mindset that he has.” Norton continued: “What we know about Tommy is that he had a very abusive childhood and lives with horrible trauma. “We know that because Sally has written it into the script and he is very, very mistrustful of the world. He sees everything and everyone as a hostility and a potential threat. “I think he feels like the way to live a happy life in his head is to be on the defensive and to attack before he gets attacked. It’s quite a sad, lonely space that Tommy lives in.” Happy Valley airs on BBC One on Sundays at 9pm