People who are sick or have a disability could be eligible for benefit payments from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Examples of these disability benefits include Personal Independence Payment (PIP) for disabled people and Attendance Allowance, which is reserved for pensioners. Furthermore, those who are sick will usually get Statutory Sick Pay (SSP) from their employer for 28 weeks. According to The Times, people will be given the all-clear to continuing claim sickness benefits once they return to work. On top of this, the Government is reportedly looking into offering tax breaks to people returning to work following being sick. The DWP is also considering a reform of disability benefits to potentially scrap the “perverse” assessment system, The Times reports. Ministers believe the current system in place encourages people to prove they are too sick to work, with the Government attempting to get as many people back in the workforce as possible. READ MORE: Pension triple lock ‘needs reform’ for ‘means-tested’ payments Prime Minister Rishi Sunak is reportedly concerned about this issue as it could stop his plans for the country’s economic growth. It is said that nine million people are economically inactive and the Government is looking to get many of them back into contributing to the economy. Last week, Mr Sunak noted that the “we need to look at how our welfare system is operating” and whether it can push people out of work into some form of employment. Reports suggest DWP Minister Mel Stride is planning to “rewire” the existing benefits system to mitigate the rise of people out of work. The number of people claiming disability benefits has risen from just under 600,000 in the early nineties to around 2.2 million as of today. Claims for DWP disability support which are successful have risen by 70 percent since the onset of the pandemic. The Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) has previously said that long-term sickness benefits will cost the taxpayer £3.7billion more than estimated in 2023. Surveys of disability payment claimants show that 20 percent of respondents want to get back to work. READ MORE: Waspi women wait for compensation verdict as 'cruel' rumours fly However, less than two percent of people actually claiming this support from the DWP actually do so. Later this year, a health and disability white paper will be published which will outline either reform or the scrapping of the “work capability assessment” used for disability payments. These are the assessments used by the DWP to decide whether welfare claimants are entitled to sickness benefits. Government ministers reportedly want to get rid of the “perverse” incentive for people to prove how ill they are. Instead, politicians are looking to replace it with a system which encourages claimants to prove what kind of work they are capable of doing. Among the other ways the Government is looking to entice Britons back into work is through increased tax-free allowances. One of the major proposals by officials reportedly being considered is an exemption from paying income tax for over 50s for at least six months to a year.  A DWP spokesperson said: “One of the biggest challenges we’re facing is how to support people to start or return to work, and we are looking at this issue in depth.  "We will publish the Health and Disability White Paper in the coming months, which follows consultation with disabled people and people with health conditions to help shape our approach.” 