Manchester United's loan capture of Wout Weghorst could see Anthony Elanga depart Old Trafford on loan in search of regular minutes this January. The Red Devils are poised to confirm the arrival of the Dutch target man, who will follow Jack Butland through the door to become Erik ten Hag's second mid-season arrival. United are now the only English team remaining in all four competitions this season - meaning there is plenty of football to be played. That's why Weghorst has been drafted in, particularly given he will provide United with something that they don't currently possess in terms of a physical presence in attack. However, his arrival is likely to disrupt United's attacking pecking order and could push Elanga closer to the exit door. According to The Mail, Everton have now firmed up their offer for the young Swede as Frank Lampard targets reinforcements at Goodison Park. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'facing pressure' to make transfer call on four under-performers United were already considering loaning out Elanga but now he could be the next player to make way in search of more frequent opportunities between now and the end of the season. Everton would represent a competitive challenge as the Toffees battle to beat the Premier League drop. Furthermore, should Weghorst start in attack, Anthony Martial is seemingly likely to drop to the bench. The Frenchman can also play out wide meaning Elanga is seemingly set to face more obstacles in his quest for minutes and his development could now be best served elsewhere. READ MOREArsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWFive Man Utd transfer targets off limits 'even if Glazers sell up' after UEFA rule change Reports suggest Erik ten Hag is also not ruling out the arrival of another forward, even after Weghorst. United are currently operating with a restricted budget as they continue to explore the loan market. Premier League clubs are allowed two domestic loans plus two additional loans from overseas, meaning there is still some room to play with in their squad. Youngster Facundo Pellistri is also attracting loan interest from both Europe and South America. Botafogo, Watford, Valencia and Flamengo are all interested in signing the player until the end of the season. Ten Hag was full of praise for the Uruguayan, who featured in all three of his nations World Cup matches in Qatar. "I see a future in him and he is doing really well and we have to see what is the best," the Dutchman said of the forward. United currently seem unlikely to loan both Elanga and Pellistri out given there are still so many matches to play before the end of the season.