After Britain and Germany each pledged to send a small number of tanks, battle-hardened commanders defending the key eastern city of Bakhmut said better equipment was now absolutely essential if they are to be able to beat back Kremlin forces. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak this week honoured his pledge to support Ukraine by sending additional support for Kyiv, including 14 Challenger 2 tanks and 30 AS90s. While Russia has promised to destroy them all, Mr Sunak said the Challenger 2 tanks were to help "push Russian troops back". But on the frontline, Ukraine’s troops yesterday warned that much more is needed if they are to stand a chance of victory. And they pointed to the inadequate and often inferior equipment they are having to use when facing the Russian army - especially the aged Soviet era T-72 tanks. On the key frontline battleground in Bakhmut, Bogdan, a 55-year-old member of the Ukrainian forces, explained: “T-72s are old tanks - this one's the same age as me. I used to drive one of these nearly 40 years ago - I can't believe I'm doing it again. But it works. It does the job." He added: “The Russian tanks are a bit better than ours. They're fully modernised.” Plans to send German-made Leopard tanks and UK Challengers to the front lines in the Donbas have been greeted with excitement by Ukrainian forces. But ongoing losses are very heavy on both sides, and Ukrainian forces say western tanks are now essential. Danylo, an officer in charge of repairing tanks for the 24th Mechanised Brigade, said the current deadlock on the eastern front would not be broken unless foreign tanks arrived in significant numbers. "There were very heavy losses. It's very pitiful. It's hard," he said. "Yes, we'll be stuck here. We need these [Western tanks] to stop Russia's aggression. With infantry, covered by tanks, we'll win for sure.” Another frontline troop in Bakhmut told the BBC: "Leopards, Challengers, Abrahams - any foreign tank is good for us! I think we need at least 300. And we need them now!" But the plea for better equipment comes after the chief of the British Army warned that sending tanks and artillery guns to Ukraine to bolster the country's war effort will leave the UK’s military weaker. Gen Sir Patrick Sanders said that Ukraine would put British donations to "good use" in the fight with Russia, in an internal message sent to troops. But he also warned that it would also leave the British Army "temporarily weaker". The UK has committed to sending 14 Challenger 2 tanks to the frontline. Around 30 AS90s - large, self-propelled guns - are also expected to be delivered. Gen Sanders, head of the British Army, told troops that ensuring Russia's defeat in Ukraine "makes us safer". But he said it was vital the Army's "warfighting capability" was restored at pace. "There is no doubt that our choice will impact our ability to mobilise the army against the acute and enduring threat Russia presents and meet our Nato obligations," he added. Meanwhile, the UK’s Ministry of Defence yesterday said Russia was now suffering from “profound” problems with its “dysfunctional” long-range missiles. In its daily intelligence briefing, officials said there is mounting “evidence” from Ukraine that the Kremlin’s missile systems are highly likely to be “struggling” to identify targets. 