Frost and snow can cause serious damage to some plants if they’re not properly protected over the colder months. Preventative measures such as sheltering plants and insulating soil can work, but experts have said sometimes “extra” steps need to be taken to keep plants healthy. Chris Bonnett from GardeningExpress.co.uk has shared six ways to protect the outdoors in bad weather. The gardening pro said: “Over summer, gardens provide a sanctuary away from the business of life, but over winter they start to look dilapidated. “The young buds in the garden are most likely to be affected by harsh weather. However, even the hardiest varieties sometimes become damaged over a long cold spell. “If you spot damage to any plant, it is best to remove it straight away to stop it spreading elsewhere. “Look at any winter upset as an opportunity to improve your garden skills and make your plants stronger as a result.” READ MORE: I removed window condensation to prevent damp and mould - here’s how Generally, any temperature below -2 degrees is enough to kill any plant overnight, so it is important to take steps now. Gently covering delicate plants with bubble wrap can “insulate” the plant and help to keep it protected against some harsher weather. Chris also recommended covering the top of the soil with a wrap to help protect it from going through frequent periods of freezing and thawing. If possible, also raise the pots off of the floor to avoid taking on the cold temperature off the ground. This will also help to stop terracotta pots freezing and cracking. DON'T MISS:7 methods to stay warm at night without heating as temperatures drop [COMMENT]Pest expert shares four methods to ‘deter’ rats from nesting outside [EXPERT]Four garden plants to always prune in winter [EXPLAINER] The expert explained: “Before any turbulent weather, it is a good idea to streamline plants by removing any dead shoots. This will also reduce the risk of any long limbs or branches snapping and tangling.” There are some plants which need pruning during the winter months so this is a good opportunity to give them a haircut. When icy weather is forecast, some sensitive plants should be brought inside and offered shelter, placing them somewhere unheated if possible. Chris noted: “Plants will hate being brought inside the home, as it will be too hot, but consider clearing out space in the shed or garage for them to live.” READ MORE: ‘Do’s and don’ts’ of caring for bathroom houseplants The expert continued: “Individual plants can also be protected using homemade mini cloches made from plastic drinks bottles. To create this type of cloche, simply cut the top and bottom off before placing it around the plant. “This method should protect delicate leaves on young plants from chilly temperatures. You should try to remove these cloches each morning to ensure the air inside does not overheat and damage the plant.” Mulch, which can be made using organic matter like decaying leaves, bark, straw or compost, can benefit plants and soil in a variety of different ways. According to the pro, placing it around the roots of plants will help to insulate them as well as protect them from the cold. It can also help to suppress weeds which may pop up around the garden during the winter months. However, mulching may only work on hardier plants. According to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), mulches need to be between five centimetres and seven centimetres thick. The RHS said: “If laid correctly there is generally no problem with mulches. However, if they are in direct contact with the stems of trees or specimen shrubs they can cause the stem to soften, making it vulnerable to diseases. “To save water and suppress weeds, the type of organic material you choose is less important than putting on a thick enough layer. Thicker layers will block sunlight from weeds, insulate the soil better and reduce the amount of water evaporating.” Chris said: “Winter throws lots of challenges at gardeners and no matter how well looked after your plants are, there is still a small risk of them dying. It’s a great idea to keep the plant tags that come with non-perennial plants or take a cutting from perennials that are a worry.”