Victoria, 48, may have shot to fame as a member of the famous girl band The Spice Girls, but she revealed her childhood in Essex was not an easy one. The fashion designer spoke on the difficulty of making friends at school, as she desperately wanted to “just blend in”. The mum-of-four experienced horrific bullying and said “nothing ever came easy” while sitting down with Dax Shephard on his podcast, Armchair Expert. Victoria explained: “You don’t want to be different when you’re a kid, I just wanted to blend in. “I was never the best at anything growing up, I was bullied at school. Nothing ever came easy to me,” she added. It comes as her eldest son, Brooklyn Beckham, 23, was described as the “biggest Nepo Baby” by Forbes following New York’s Magazine's article detailing how Nepo Babies are taking over Hollywood. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson sparks wages row as Kaleb fumes over 'apprentice' jibe  Nepo Baby, is a term used for those that trade in on their parents' fame and wealth. Forbes typed: “But the biggest Nepo Baby, the “final boss” of Nepo Babies, might just be Brooklyn Beckham, son of David and Victoria Beckham. “Brooklyn became something of a meme online after releasing a photography book full of painfully amateur photos that regularly make the rounds on Twitter.” The Beckhams have four children including Romeo, Cruz, Harper and Brooklyn. However, the latter has been the focus of media attention with his attempts to carve out a career for himself, first as a photographer and now as a chef. He recently showed off his culinary skills with a video making a traditional British Sunday roast. Brooklyn started out by smearing butter and garlic on a huge roasting joint and then putting it in the oven. Towards the end of the video, Brooklyn took a bite and said: “Just like I have it in England. The best Sunday roast.” DONT MISS:Joe Sugg admitted he and Dianne Buswell were 'taking it day by day' (PHOTOS)Amanda Owen admits sending her kids to school 'smelling of silage' (NEWS)Fern Britton inundated with support over ‘battered by life’ update (LATEST) However, his followers seemed unimpressed with the recipe, as one wrote: “I don't think I would eat meat like that.” Another added: “Might as well bite the cow while it's grazing.” A third admitted: “Kind of rare.” While a fourth slammed the chef: “Way too much oil”. Moreover, a fan criticised the use of butter in the meal by writing: “Heart attack on a plate.” Victoria leapt to her son's defence after he was widely mocked over his latest disastrous cooking tutorial. The fashion designer had previously wished Brooklyn a Happy New Year who currently resides in the US with his wife Nicola Peltz.