Cristiano Ronaldo has secured a mega-money move to Saudi Arabia following his departure from Manchester United in November. The blockbuster star will reportedly be paid £173million per season after putting pen-to-paper on a two-and-a-half year deal with Al-Nassr. And he has now joined an ex-Red Devils star, Lionel Messi’s pal and seven other big-hitting players in the Middle East... Odion Ighalo Former United and Watford striker Odion Ighalo joined Al-Hilal SFC in January. The 33-year-old was already plying his trade in the country after spending a year with Al-Shabab. Ighalo, who scored 17 goals in 67 Premier League games, has found the back of the net seven times in 11 matches this campaign. Ever Banega Argentine midfielder Ever Banega has spent the last two-and-a-half years with Al-Shabab. In 2008, he won an Olympic gold medal alongside Messi after Argentina defeated Nigeria in the final. The 34-year-old also won three Europa League titles with Sevilla. Felipe Caicedo Former Ecuador striker Felipe Caicedo signed for Abha in the summer after leaving Genoa in Italy. The 34-year-old spent two seasons on the books of Manchester City and made 17 Premier League appearances for the club. READ MORE: Man Utd axe Marcus Rashford for 'disciplinary reasons'  Lewis Grabban Lewis Grabban left Nottingham Forest following their return to the Premier League to sign for Al-Ahli SFC. The 34-year-old striker notched 12 goals for Forest in the Championship last season as they won promotion through the play-offs. Helder Costa Helder Costa is currently on loan with Al-Ittihad Club from Leeds. The 28-year-old winger, who has also played for Wolves, Valencia and Monaco, has appeared in five games for his current team. Vincent Aboubakar Cameroon international Vincent Aboubakar currently plays for the same team as Ronaldo after leaving Besiktas in 2021. He famously scored his country’s winner against Brazil at the World Cup in Qatar before being sent off for his wild celebrations. DON'T MISSWenger claims Arsenal have the new Fabregas - 'I am super impressed'Saliba shares same view on signing new Arsenal contract as 'several team-mates'Chelsea's scary XI next season with Fernandez, Nkunku and two more  Luiz Gustavo Midfieldeer Luiz Gustavo will be another man to welcome Ronaldo to Saudi Arabia as he also plays for Al-Nassr. The 35-year-old won 40 caps for Brazil and lifted the Champions League trophy with Bayern Munich in 2013. David Ospina Arsenal fans will be familiar with the name David Ospina. The 34-year-old goalkeeper made 70 appearances and won two FA Cups during his time at the Emirates Stadium. He will be Ronaldo’s goalkeeper. Grzegorz Krychowiak Poland star Grzegorz Krychowiak is on loan at Al-Shabab from Russian club Krasnodar. The 32-year-old won two Europa League titles with Sevilla and played for his country at the World Cup. 