The King and Queen Consort are hiring for a role at Buckingham Palace, which is their official administrative headquarters. The Royal Household posted a job advert for an Assistant to the Diary Manager of King Charles III and Camilla on the popular job search website, LinkedIn. The job description reads: "Joining a department with a wide remit and reporting to the Diary Manager to The King, you'll take on a role of unique variety. READ MORE: Sussex fans lash out at Princess Kate for 'copying Meghan' at BAFTA event  "You'll provide support on the official work of The King and The Queen Consort, their Private Secretaries, and all other households." The new announcement comes after the Palace confirmed the schedule for the upcoming Coronation, which will take place in London on May 6. The Coronation is expected to be "a solemn religious" event, as well as one of "celebration and pageantry". It will also be "rooted in longstanding traditions and pageantry", as well as a "reflection" of King's role in today's society. READ MORE: King’s Coronation set to boost UK economy by £1bn as pubs, hotels and shops bring in cash Earlier this month, Buckingham Palace confirmed further details on the ceremonial, celebratory and community events that will take place between the 6th and 8th of May. The Coronation, which will take place at Westminster Abbey on May 6, will be conducted by the Archbishop of Canterbury. Buckingham Palace also confirmed that there will be "further opportunities" for people to celebrate the "historic occasion". In their official statement, Buckingham Palace wrote: "A special Coronation Concert will be staged and broadcast live at Windsor Castle by the BBC and BBC Studios, with several thousand pairs of tickets to be made available via public ballot. DON'T MISS Harry out for 'revenge' as he launches new 24-page report with Meghan [INSIGHT]Kate releases powerful animation to promote campaign close to heart [ANALYSIS]Prince Louis’ £8,000 gift from Harry paid tribute to Diana [REPORT] "The Coronation Big Lunch, at which neighbours and communities are invited to share food and fun together, will take place across the country on the same date. "On Monday, 8th May 2023, members of the public will be invited to take part in The Big Help Out, which will encourage people to try volunteering for themselves and join the work being undertaken to support their local areas."