Chelsea co-owner Todd Boehly has already threatened to scupper Manchester United and Arsenal's January transfer plans by closing in on an agreement for Joao Felix, but they may not be done there. In a similarly ruthless approach to their summer transfer business, the Blues are playing a volume game and two more sought-after targets are reportedly in the crosshairs. The three Premier League heavyweights were all thought to be exploring a deal for Felix but it's Chelsea that appear to have come out on top, with reports claiming that Boehly and co have agreed to meet Atletico Madrid's lofty £9million loan demands. That leaves Arsenal and Manchester United scrambling to bring in alternative attacking targets before the end of January, but Chelsea are also on the hunt for more. According to transfer expert Ben Jacobs, the Blues are working on deals to bring both Mykhaylo Mudryk and Marcus Thuram to Stamford Bridge. Adding three new attackers to an already-crowded forward line could land Chelsea boss Graham Potter with a tricky balancing act between now and the end of the season, unless Chelsea look to offload over the coming weeks. JUST IN: Leeds' revamped XI with new signing and £66m duo A successful pursuit of Mudryk would come as a major blow to Arsenal, who have flirted with the idea of signing the Shakhtar Donetsk winger for months. The Ukrainian side value him at a whopping £88m but Chelsea have reportedly pledged to trump the Gunners' highest offer to beat them to the punch. There is a major complication that can't be solved by putting more money on the table, however, as Mudryk would supposedly prefer a move to the Emirates. The 22-year-old admitted last year that he 'could not say no' to Arsenal, and Boehly is not expected to bid unless he gets assurances that the player wants to sign. DON'T MISS...Jurgen Klopp may have got glimpse of Liverpool future in Wolves clashLeeds target £66m double transfer deal with 'full agreement' closeWout Weghorst to Man Utd in jeopardy as Besiktas chief makes demand Following through on interest in Thuram would make life difficult for another of Chelsea's rivals as Man Utd have also been credited with interest in the French international forward. Son of legendary Les Bleus star Lilian Thuram, the front man has scored at an impressive rate in the Bundesliga with Borussia Monchengladbach this season. The Blues have reportedly ramped up their efforts to sign Thuram over the past few days with his contract situation potentially presenting a bargain transfer opportunity. The 25-year-old only has six months left to run on his deal but his importance to Gladbach could see them block any efforts to prise him away from Germany before the summer. Chelsea have already completed three transfers this month with prospects David Datro Fofana and Andrey Santos joined by a more proven top-level defender in Benoit Badiashile. Boehly and Clearlake have picked up where they left off after breaking the record for the amount of money spent by a single club in a single window during the summer. Felix signing on loan for the rest of the season is set to demand more eye-watering numbers as Atletico are poised to receive a £9m fee, while the Blues will have to dig deeper into their pockets to fund the entirety of his wages.