The Ministry of Justice has paid out huge sums to thousands of prison officers caught up in brawls, stabbings and violence. Assaults on prison staff have doubled over the past 10 years, Ministry of Justice figures show.  Prison officers received around £4.3 million in compensation in 2021. In 2019, a record £4.5m was paid out. Prison officers told the Daily Express they are looking after entire wings of around 150 inmates with as few as four or five staff. They say it is “difficult to control violence if staff are grossly outnumbered or very inexperienced.” The brutal conditions behind bars have led to many experienced officers quitting. A huge row erupted after a judge claimed he could not jail a road rage attacker because “prisons are full” - a claim denied by the Ministry of Justice. Chair of the Prison Officers' Association Mark Fairhurst warned of a “Summer of discontent” behind bars unless officers are allowed to police smaller groups of inmates. He said that when Covid forced governors to let smaller groups of prisoners out of their cells it led to a reduction in violence. Ministry of Justice figures show the number of assaults fell from 31,633 in 2019 to 25,951 in 2020 and 18,283 in 2021. But the number of assaults has begun increasing again, figures show. In 2012, there were 15,139 assaults behind bars, highlighting how the number of incidents has soared in recent years.  Mr Fairhurst said: “If we are to regain control in our prisons, we need a major investment in staffing and activity spaces for prisoners. “The days of mass unlocks of prisoners and pointless association periods must end before we witness a Summer of discontent. “Mass unlocks mean unlocking a full wing of prisoners with say 150 inmates with only four staff to supervise. “We advocate small unlock numbers so everyone is safer. Just 40 or 50 with those staffing numbers. Association periods are the locking of prisoners so they can play pool or table tennis. “That’s pointless and only breeds violence. We want that replaced with more purposeful activities that address offending behaviour.” Ministry of Justice figures uncovered by the Labour Party - shared with the Daily Express - show there have been more than 242,000 assaults in prisons since 2012. This includes almost 70,000 assaults on staff. And prison officers are finding thousands of weapons behind bars. The skyrocketing level of violence within prisons "corresponds closely to the compensation being paid out to prison officers", Labour said.  Mr Fairhurst added: “We learned during Covid that smaller unlock numbers led to improved safety, less violence and better staff-to-prisoner relationships. “But now some are forcing staff to unlock over 200 prisoners with only half a dozen to supervise. "These people don’t like criminals being locked up, but we want everyone to be safe and if that means they spend a bit longer in their cells, I’m afraid, unless you invest in activity spaces for everyone, you can’t have everything.” Figures also “indicate that barricade and hostage incidents are now widespread”, Labour says. Barricades within prisons have rocketed by 130 percent since 2012 from 554 incidents a year to 1,273. Shadow Justice Secretary Steve Reed said: “This soft-on-crime Conservative Government has lost control of prisons. “The Conservatives’ dangerous mismanagement of our prisons under bullying Dominic Raab has led to a spiral of violence, breeding more violent criminals and exacerbating violent crime. “The country needs a government that is serious about law and order. A Labour government will lock up criminals safely and make prisons work to drive down reoffending rates so we can protect victims and reduce crime.” The Ministry of Justice has been approached for comment. 