And if the Conservatives do mount a great escape then this will be remembered as the week it began; the week Rishi Sunak gave his premiership some definition by announcing key priorities to be achieved by the time of the next election. And he chose wisely.  Three of his five key pledges were economic ones: to halve the rate of inflation, to get the economy growing again and to be reducing public sector debt. Let’s boil that down to one core aim: to have steered the economy through the current cost of living crisis and got it into much better shape. Another key pledge was on healthcare: to be bringing down waiting lists from their present record levels. Again, this quite narrow metric needs to reflect a discernible overall improvement – embracing ambulance response times, A&E waits and access to GPs – if voters are to conclude that the NHS is safe in Conservative hands. The final pledge was to stop the cross-Channel migrant boats by passing new laws to ensure that anyone arriving illegally in the UK is swiftly removed. These three policy areas – the economy, NHS, and immigration – are shown by extensive polling to be the top issues of concern to the millions who powered the Tories to victory in 2019.  So when Sunak said his priorities were “the people’s priorities” he was spot on, at least in respect of those with the collective power and potential inclination to re-elect the Tories. A day after Sunak’s pledges, Labour leader Keir Starmer went to the same East London venue to set out his own stall. And there was very little on it. Many commentators fawned over the cleverness of co-opting the Brexit slogan of “Take Back Control” as his theme, but it was too clever by half. When Starmer was challenged about his credibility in the eyes of Leave voters, having campaigned so hard to cancel the EU referendum result despite an early promise to honour it, he had no convincing answer. He merely claimed that what had “sat behind” the choice of 17.4 million people to vote to leave the EU was a desire for more political devolution to their localities, which was what he now proposes to deliver.  This entirely missed the fact that most Leave voters saw their decision as an act of patriotism. In the words of Nigel Farage, they believed in Britain and wanted their country back. The unwillingness of Starmer to respect the British nation surfaced again when he was asked what he would do to stop illegal immigration. Absurdly, he claimed he could mastermind a massive improvement in law enforcement across Europe that would “stop the criminal gangs at source”. The only other measure he specified was to speed up asylum processing, which won’t do anything to stop new illegal arrivals and might even encourage more to try their luck. Looking at the three key issues going into the next election it would seem things are far more evenly balanced than most pundits allow. On the economy, the Tories have calmed matters since the frenetic days of the Truss premiership and may be able to show they are in the middle of a repair job.  But Labour’s shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves is a definite upgrade on predecessor Anneliese Dodds. So it looks like a draw on this front. On the NHS, traditionally Labour’s strongest suit, Sunak can hardly hope to win given its current parlous condition. But by doggedly implementing a recovery plan he may be able to ensure that the state of healthcare does not cause him to lose. That leaves immigration as an issue voters – particularly pro-Brexit ones in Red Wall seats that Labour needs to win back – care about sufficiently to make it the potential decider. On one hand, the Tories have an awful record, presiding over the shambles of illegal immigration and unsustainable levels of legal immigration too. On the other, Labour very obviously doesn’t want to engage in proper border control at all. If Sunak does succeed in passing a radical new law on deporting illegal arrivals and manages to implement it in the face of Labour obstructionism then he has every chance of pulling off a surprise victory. Of course, for that to be a goer he needs one more thing: For Tory MPs to stop behaving like headless chickens and instead show some self-discipline and unity. 