Paul Merson has hit out at Manchester United's loan deal for Wout Weghorst - claiming he does not understand the shock signing "unless his twin brother was playing at Burnley" last season. The Sky Sports pundit was left unimpressed by what he saw from the Dutchman last season at Turf Moor, despite his two-goal contribution for Holland from the bench against Argentina in the World Cup quarter-finals.  Weghorst is now travelling to Manchester to undergo a medical ahead of signing for Erik ten Hag's side until the end of the season without an option to buy. Express Sport revealed on Thursday morning that a £2.7million compensation fee had finally been agreed with Besiktas - handing United the green light to finalise the move. But Merson can't see why United have not tried to show more ambition in the market as he questioned what he considers to be an underwhelming deal. He exclusively told Express Sport: "Unless it was his twin brother playing at Burnley, I don't get it. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE "I am still rattling my brain saying 'is this the lad they want to sign?' "The only thing I can say is that if you put the ball in the box, Weghorst will score. "We saw he was very effective from the bench for Holland against Argentina at the World Cup." Merson also pointed out that Chelsea were able to land Joao Felix despite their disastrous season and for that reason, he can see no reason why United have not explored alternative options to Weghorst, who feels like a last resort in his view. READ MOREArsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWMan Utd agree Wout Weghorst deal with Besiktas in transfer breakthrough for Erik ten Hag He added: "I would be feeling underwhelmed if I was a Manchester United fan - especially after Chelsea just signed Joao Felix. "Look where they are and look where United are at the moment. You're getting a lad that literally didn't do anything at Burnley. "He works hard but let's be honest, if you can't work hard while being handsomely then you have to look at yourself in the mirror. He is not a United-quality centre-forward whatsoever." United are thought to have explored a deal for Felix prior to his move to Stamford Bridge but the demands set by Atletico were considered excessive. Weghorst has been itching to make the move ever since he first heard of United's interest. The Dutchman appeared to wave goodbye to supporters on Saturday during an emotional goal celebration against Kasimpasa. It could now prove to be his final strike in a Besiktas shirt as he prepares to embark on his second spell in the Premier League. Burnley are not set to include an option to buy within the deal meaning he could be back at Turf Moor next season.