Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Taurus (Apr21/May21) Keep your wits about you if you are hoping to impress a senior colleague. They will listen to your ideas but you need proof to back what you say. Unless you can show your suggestions are realistic, you will leave yourself open to misinterpretation. Gemini (May22/June21) You will not have been previously aware of a family-related problem even though someone will accuse you of having deliberately ignored this issue. Now you have been told about it, you will want to get to the root of the matter. Cancer (June22/July23) The main benefit of doing a job thoroughly will be that it will not have to be repeated. For this reason, resist the temptation to cut corners and rush things. If a job is worth doing, it is worth doing well. Leo (July24/Aug23) A studious friend or someone from a large organisation is having a great influence on a person you are close to. You might feel a little concerned and you will want to encourage your loved one to start thinking for themselves. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) A strong urge to purge your household will be hard to ignore. Divide unwanted gifts and items into three piles: sell, donate and throw-away. Just be certain you aren’t being too quick to rid yourself of rubbish.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) Steer clear of subjects you know very little about during important meetings and interviews. Find a way to move conversations onto topics you know inside and out. Someone you hardly know will be treating you as if you’ve been friends for years. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) A family project will be gaining in momentum. This is all because of the enthusiasm you are all putting into this work. You are being trusted with jobs normally carried out by others who are more qualified. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) Financial problems will cause tension between you and a romantic partner. This does not mean your relationship is doomed to fail. Stop thinking it is destined for the scrap heap and instead look for ways to improve things between you. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) You’re in a determined mood and it doesn’t matter if other people aren’t keen on doing anything serious, you are ready to work hard to get results. This will keep you one step ahead of competitors. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) It will be with some relief to find there is nothing too bothersome or demanding waiting for you. You aren’t in the mood for work and would rather fill your calendar with events that are fun and relaxing. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) You won’t be in the mood for work and responsibility. Be doubly cautious in all that you do. Remember that tension and tiredness make for absent mindedness and this can lead to careless mistakes.