Ruth Langsford, 62, who formerly made up half of the This Morning presenting duo with her husband, no longer works alongside Eamonn, 63. However, she still likes to chat about their relationship on Loose Women, and frequently uses aspects of her marriage as examples during debates on the ITV show. Tuesday's instalment of the daytime programme saw her revealing how she and her husband differ while texting. Ruth explained how Eamonn would come across to some as being "abrupt" when he pens a message. "With texting, what someone would call abrupt my husband would call, 'Economical with words,'" Ruth stated. "So say he'll just go, 'Yep.' I go, 'Hello darling, what time will you be home? Hope your day's going well.' "And he'll just go, '10 o'clock.'" Ruth's co-stars laughed at the blunt nature of Eamonn's texting. READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash She went on to add: "So he goes to me, 'Oh, you waffle on.' "So what some people might think is abrupt, other people say, 'No it's just being concise.'" "I'm with Eamonn," co-host Janet Street-Porter chimed dryly. The famously terse 76-year-old sparked a laugh from the audience, who probably weren't surprised by the admission. Last week, Ruth went as far as to open up about her and Eamonn's sex life. As the panel described relationships and how their partners would respond differently to things, Ruth gave a glimpse into her personal life with her husband. The group had debated "withholding sex" from partners, and Frankie Bridge immediately chimed: "I'd just be miserable if I did that, it wouldn't get me anywhere. DON'T MISS... EastEnders rejection for Zack as Whitney makes strict request [LATEST]GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash [VIDEO]Ruth Langsford shut down by Loose Women guest over blunder [LATEST] "I just think it would be weird in a relationship...I think it would be odd to use anything as some sort of leverage. "I just feel like if he did that to me with anything in our life, I'd just be like, 'Well you're not gonna get it now if you're gonna hold something over ransom.'" Ruth replied: "I think sometimes maybe even subconsciously to improve the mood and the day goes smoothly." As her colleagues laughed at the confession, she continued: "Sometimes you might go, 'Oh, I will because it will mean we'll have a nice day'." Carol agreed: "There is no doubt that it can sort of lift the mood. "I don't even need to do that. The only thing I need to do to improve Mark's mood is to make some hummus." Ruth and Eamonn used to be a staple duo on ITV's This Morning but were replaced in early 2021. Eamonn made the move to controversial GB News, while Ruth remained working for ITV on Loose Women. Loose Women airs weekdays from 12.30pm on ITV.