  On Tuesday evening, GB News host Dan Wootton spoke about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s reaction to Jeremy Clarkson’s apology for his article he wrote about the Duchess of Sussex in December. In the column, Jeremy Clarkson wrote that he lay in bed "dreaming of the day when she [Meghan] is made to parade naked through the streets of every town in Britain while the crowds chant 'Shame!' and throw lumps of excrement at her".    Jeremy Clarkson recently wrote a lengthy apology on Instagram, in which he said his language had been “disgraceful” and that he was "profoundly sorry". However, Harry and Meghan released a statement in response and said Clarkson had only addressed his apology to the Duke of Sussex. The spokesperson said: "While a new public apology has been issued today by Mr Clarkson, what remains to be addressed is his long-standing pattern of writing articles that spread hate rhetoric, dangerous conspiracy theories and misogyny.” Last night, Dan Wootton spoke more about the issue and said: “Now despite receiving a full apology, Harry and Meghan are still hell-bent on destroying Jeremy Clarkson’s career.”    The Kiwi-born journalist also spoke more about recent development on Jeremy Clarkson’s social media since he issued the apology. Dan Wootton said: “It appears the Sussexes' trademark lack of grace has caused the Grand Tour star to regret his apology. “Eagle-eyed fans have spotted that he has subtly liked a Tweet suggesting he had ‘caved’ into the ‘woke’ and should never have bowed to the Prince and his partner in the first place” GB News then showed a picture of the Tweet Jeremy Clarkson had liked, which said: “Oh Jeremy Clarkson you caved into the woke by apologising and Mazon and still going to cancel you anyway. “Was it worth it? Never explain, never apologise, You’ve lost my respect “ READ MORE: Dan Wootton grills guest if Harry used ‘dangerous’ terms for women     Dan Wootton spoke about the issue at length with his GB News guests but got into a heated debate with Joanna Jarjue, who agreed with Prince Harry and Meghan. The TV commentator said: “I think we should be clear on what the Sussexes did say in their statement and the things they had a problem with, with Jeremy Clarkson. “One of those was the fact that Jeremy didn’t bother to actually write a letter of apology to Meghan, he wrote it to Harry. “It kind of echoes the misogynistic kind of tone he began with when he was talking about Meghan anyway. “ DON'T MISS:Piers Morgan accuses Harry and Meghan of playing 'victims' [REVEAL]Jeremy Clarkson has ‘no place on ITV’ over Meghan Markle comments [INSIGHT]Dan Wootton says Clarkson made a mistake but shouldn’t have apologised [REPORT]   Dan Wootton argued that Jeremy Clarkson’s article showed he had a “sense of humour” and “didn’t mean it” in an offensive way. The GB News host said that Jeremy Clarkson “wasn't actually purposing for Meghan to be paraded through the streets of England naked and let members of the public throw excrement at her.” He added: “He has an enhanced style of humour. You might not like it, but just because you don’t like it does that mean he should be cancelled?” Joanna Jarjue replied: “Understand that words have consequences, Jeremy Clarkson is a public figure and he’s had a long enough career to know where the line is.”