Idaho murders suspect Bryan Kohberger "doesn't have feelings", according to a former FBI agent who has worked numerous high-profile homicide cases. The comments come after the discovery of comments on social media which show Kohberger, 28, as detached around a decade ago. In one post from 2011, when Kohberger was 16, he wrote: "I feel like an organic sack of meat with no self worth." "As I hug my family, I look into their faces, I see nothing, it is like I am looking at a video game, but less," he added, according to reporting in The New York Times. Now, ex-FBI agent Brad Garrett has weighed in on the case and what he sees in those social media posts. On Good Morning America, when he was asked if Kohberger's apparent "lack of empathy" surprised him Mr Garret said it did not. "Not in the least, when you look at cases similar to this one where there is a lot of pre-planning, in his case maybe even months and if not at least weeks, it becomes a fascination it becomes an obsession, it becomes your identity," he said. He continued: "What happens is you take that sort of obsession and compulsion and you overlay it with not having any feelings - I mean, think about this, he doesn't care about anyone but himself.  "If you feel that way, it's very difficult to for you to have any guilt or remorse. These types of killings really become who the person is, on many levels, which is obviously very sad but it is a real reality." A police affidavit said that cell phone data placed Kohberger in the area of the house where the students were killed twelve times in the monts preceding the murders. In other social media posts, Kohberger described suffering from a little understood neurological condition called "visual snow". The condition results in a person's vision being obscured by dots likened to the static seen on an analogue television. When asked about the visual condition, Mr Garrett said that it likely didn't change much, although it possibly could have added to Kohberger's isolation. He said: "I've read about that before, now does that really play into what he's been charged with? I actually doubt it. It added, maybe, to his isolation. Folks that get into these types of crimes have really low self esteem, it could have aggravated that." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry told to 'find other people to get dirt from' Police searched Kohberger's apartment shortly after he was arrested at his parents house in eastern Pennsylvania, however the warrant has been sealed by a judge meaning the public can't see it.  Mr Garret said that he had used this tactic in cases in the past and that it could point to the fact that new evidence was discovered by police. He said: "You leave them sealed because you're not finished investigating. We don't know if they've found the knife [or] other pieces of information that link him to this crime and that's why you wait before you release." Kohberger stands accused of four counts of first degree murder for the killings of than Chapin, 20; Xana Kernodle, 20; Madison Mogen, 21; and Kaylee Goncalves, 21, on November 13 last year. The quadruple murder shocked the sleepy college town of Moscow, Idaho where the University of Idaho is located.  DON'T MISS:Joe Rogan believes Democrats 'trying to get rid' of Biden [REPORT]SWAT team arrests failed Republican candidate over drive by shootings [INSIGHT]Harry mocked again by Jimmy Kimmel with 'Prince and Penis' book [ANALYSIS] Kohbeger was a PhD candidate in criminology at Washington State University in Pullman, just a short drive across the border from Moscow. He has also been charged with one count of felony burglary and is being held without bail at Latah County Jail in Moscow. Kohberger appeared before the court on January 12 where he waived his right to a speedy trial. His probable cause hearing is scheduled for June 26 at 9am. At that hearing, the prosecution will need to present their evidence to move the case on to a trial. It is likely that more evidence against Kohberger will be revealed at this point. 