Queen Maxima attended King Constantine II's funeral yesterday, January 16, with her husband King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands. Other famous royals were in attendance too, including Queen Letizia of Spain. All guests donned all-black to the funeral, but some opted for dresses while others opted for skirt or trouser suits. Maxima wore a dress with a pair of black, sheer tights and heeled, knee-high leather boots. The royal's black dress was by a favourite label of hers, Natan Couture. However, it was barely visible underneath Maxima's black, buttoned coat, which she had styled with a slim belt around the waist. It was knee-length and its collar was upturned. Underneath the collar, Maxima's pearl necklace would be seen. READ MORE: Jennifer Lopez's 4 anti-ageing techniques detailed by dermatologist The royal also wore teardrop-shaped earrings, which were a pair of pearl studs with another pearl attached. Maxima accessorised further with a black veil, which many royals opt to wear to a funeral. But what stood out the most about Maxima's outfit was her shoes: they were knee-high black leather boots with a chunky heel. Called the Laura 85 Black Leather Knee Boots, they were from Italian label Gianvito Rossi and retailed for £1,195. DON'T MISS:Daily exercise for a sculpted and defined chin [BEAUTY]Face yoga massage to reduce eye wrinkles and de-puff skin [ROUTINE]One minute exercise to get rid of double chin [HOW TO] As for make-up, Maxima wore a little foundation, lashings of black mascara, black eyeliner, and a subtle slick of pink lipstick. Royal fans were quick to comment on Maxima's outfit, but many were unimpressed when it came to her choice of footwear. Many royal watchers deemed her heeled boots inappropriate for a funeral - claiming they were more suitable for a party. Instagram user @clarepriest wrote: "I like the boots but they seem a bit off for a funeral?" READ MORE: Princess Charlene is a 'permissive parent' unlike 'authoritarian' Kate User @somethingwicked_this_way_comes said: "The boots just sort of messed the look." User @royalspectator commented: "I normally love these boots but they looked out of place today for this outfit and the event." User @oneplusonemakes8 wrote: "Not appropriate footwear for the formality of the occasion." User @dcgomez said: "I do not think the boots were appropriate for the event. The veil was not a good look either." User @real.miss.o wrote: "The boots ruin the look." User @astrid_soto_ added: "I don’t like this look with boots." @nes.alex03 commented: "The boots have nothing to do with the rest of the look." Another one, @valou.brtn, said: "Oh my god I love her but this is a total miss for me, nothing is coordinated, the outfit doesn’t work." User @asmiahpritha added: "Big no for boots... Not all occasions are parties." @25justme, however, commented: "I like her boots." User @luxmeagainpreloved added: "Max looks very chic yet sombre for this occasion. Happy she is doing a complete rewear."