Royal fans on social media gushed at the "lovely" cake presented to Sophie, the Countess of Wessex, by pupils at Connaught School in Bagshot, Surrey. Writing on Twitter, fans described the Countess as "elegant" and the photo with the schoolchildren as "sweet", while also wishing the mother-of-two a happy birthday.  User @RoyalFamily said "Wishing The Countess of Wessex a very Happy Birthday today. "Thank you Connaught School for the lovely cake during HRH's visit yesterday!" A second account, operating under the handle @Roctxcam, chimed: "Happy 58th birthday to Countess of Wessex and Forfar.My Elegant Auntie Sophie Helen Rhys-Jones." Another user @PookiakPozniak added "Very sweet photo!"  @VickyDonachie gushed: "Such a valuable member of our wonderful Royal Family. "Sophie is much loved by those of us in Wokingham, Berkshire (as are the whole family)." @JBPheadspace said: "Wishing The Countess of Wessex a very, very happy Birthday! "I hope she knows how much she is liked and admired!"  READ MORE: Chilling reality behind George V’s ‘peaceful’ death @Monela06 wrote: "Wishing HRH a lovely day and a blessed year." The Countess visited Connaught Junior School on Thursday to officially open the school's new STEAM lab, a dedicated space for Science, Technology, Engineering, Art and Maths. Her visit was also planned to help the school celebrate its 60th anniversary, according to the official Royal Family website. After touring the lab, the Countess visited the pottery room where she helped a year 5 class make some clay tiles to mark the schools special anniversary.  DON'T MISS: Sussexes 'suffer on both sides of Atlantic' as popularity decreases [REVEAL] Harry hits out over 'utter nonsense' claim made about Meghan [INSIGHT] Sophie Wessex unfazed by Harry memoir attacks as she visits NHS nurses [SPOTLIGHT] She then planted a tree with some of the Eco Council in order to mark the late Queen's green canopy initiative. Eco Councillors talked to the royal about the projects they are working on at school such as composting with waste food and the need to highlight the dangers plastic can cause the environment. The Countess rounded off her visit by meeting the school dog Toffee who showed her some of his tricks. 