Call the Midwife returns to BBC One on Sunday and episode three sees Nancy Corrigan (played by Megan Cusack) take on more work. She wants to buy more gifts for her daughter Colette (Francesca Fullilove) but realises her spending is getting too much. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about which guests are joining the cast. Peter is played by Fred Jones, who works as both an actor and animator. His acting credits include the video game M.U.G.E.N and he is relatively new to the small screen. His animator credits include Crazy with the Heat, Straight Shooters and Lighthouse Keeping. Ann Marie is played by Maisie Squibb, who appears to be making her TV debut in Call the Midwife. READ MORE: Call the Midwife’s Shelagh Turner star addresses future of BBC series Joe is played by Mark Strepan, who graduated from the Oxford School of Drama in 2013. His first role was in theatre but ever since all of his work has been on screen. He starred in the film Northmen - A Viking Saga and the Channel 4 series The Mill. Fans may also recognise him as Stefan in the BBC series New Blood.  Sandy is played by Rose Riley, a theatre and film actress. Her film and TV credits include Doctors, Life After Life and 90 Minutes. She has also starred on stage in A Midsummer Night's Dream and The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night Time. Joyce is played by Sarah Ball, a TV actress with some big series to her name. She starred in Close to Me, It's a Sin, Holby City, Doctors and The Last Czars.  Lorna is played by Alice Sykes, a TV, theatre and film actress. She began her career in the BBC crime drama Criminal Justice and may also be recognised from Cradle to Grave. Her other notable credits include Unforgotten, Silent Witness and Midsomer Murders. DON'T MISS... Call the Midwife stars speak out on roles away from BBC series [INSIGHT] Call the Midwife’s Lucille Robinson star speaks out after exit [DISCUSSION] Here's a look at Jenny Agutter's life away from Call the Midwife [EXPLAINER] The Detective Sergeant is played by Matt Emery, who also played a detective in the series The Nevers. He has also taken on guest roles in The Crown, Temple and EastEnders. The star also played a customs officer in Peaky Blinders.  Mr Filbert is played by Daniel Beales, who played Patrick Moore in The Crown. He is probably best recognised as Daniel Wetherby from the 90s series Jupiter Moon. The police constable is played by Lucas Murphy, who appears to be making his TV acting debut in the series.  Josh Harvey has the final guest role and he is an actor and comedian. He won Best Short at the British Motor Awards for the leading role in Wedlock. His other credits include Dead Funny, The Grandisons, Waste and A Reasonably Good Bloke.  Call the Midwife airs on BBC One on Sundays at 8pm.