Chinese zodiac, or shengxiao, is represented by 12 zodiac animals. In order, they are the Rat, Ox, Tiger, Rabbit, Dragon, Snake, Horse, Goat, Monkey, Rooster, Dog and Pig. The year 2023 is the Year of the Rabbit, which starts from January 22 this year until February 9, 2024. Ahead of the Chinese New Year celebrations, astrologers took a closer look at each of the zodiac signs, explaining their personality traits in detail and predicting what's in store for them this year. The Tiger is the third zodiac sign in the Chinese zodiac cycle. Years of the Tiger include 2022, 2010, 1998, 1986, 1974, 1962, 1950, 1938, and so on. The Tiger is known as the king of all beasts in China. The zodiac sign Tiger is a symbol of strength, exorcising evil and braveness. According to astrologers at China Highlights, the Tiger's lucky colours are blue, grey, and orange. Its lucky numbers are one, three and four. Personality traits People born in a year of the Tiger are brave, competitive, unpredictable, and confident, according to astrologers. They are very charming and well-liked by others. However, they can sometimes be impetuous, irritable, and overindulgent. China Highlights' astrologers said: "With stubborn personalities and tough judgment, Tigers work actively and express themselves boldly, doing things in a high-handed manner. They are authoritative and never go back on what they have said. "With great confidence and indomitable fortitude, they can be competent leaders. They will not make preparations for anything, but can handle anything that comes along." Love Each zodiac sign has its unique characteristics and not all of them get on well with each other. The Tiger is compatible with some more than others. When it comes to love, the Tiger's best matches are the Horse, the Dog, or the Pig. It is least compatible with the Ox, the Snake, the Goat, or the Monkey. Career Tigers are born with leadership skills and they are respected by others, according to astrologers. This makes them suited to any career as leaders. China Highlights shared the best careers for Tigers, which are: advertising agent, office manager, travel agent, actor, writer, artist, pilot, flight attendant, musician, comedian and chauffeur. However, in their early years, Tigers' careers are not so smooth. The astrologers said: "After their thirties they find their direction and gather wealth." Predictions So, what's in store for Tigers this year? Compared to last year, according to astrologers, a Tiger's "overall fortune is on the rise" in 2023. They added: "You are destined to be very comfortable in life and work." Tigers can expect career success as they have a greater chance of promotion or salary increase this year, according to China Highlights. The astrologers continued: "Compared with 2022, your wealth horoscope, Tiger people, has a downward trend in 2023, but due to your increase in career luck, your income this year will increase compared with the previous year." As for love, "in 2023, the overall romantic forecast for you displays an upward trend". The astrologers said: "You are set to meet more kind people, and with their help, you should meet many suitable friends."