Idaho murder suspect Bryan Kohberger showed signs of “suppressed tension” during his latest court appearance, according to a body language expert. The PhD criminology student, 28, appeared in court on Thursday for a status conference, during which he waived his right to a speedy preliminary hearing.    Kohberger, who stands accused of murdering four University of Idaho students, wore an orange custody issue T-shirt and trousers. He had visible cuts on the lower right side of his face. He spoke only to confirm he understood the nature of waiving his right to a probable cause hearing within 14 days - answering 'yes' or 'no' to the judge’s questions. Body language expert Judi James broke down his appearance, telling Express.co.uk a “muscle working in his upper jaw” hinted at “suppressed tension”. Ms James also noted “small fidgets”, describing Kohberger as “alert and prepared” to respond to the judge. She said: "His shoulders slump forward which could suggest a lack of anxiety although as the camera closes in on his profile there is a muscle working in his upper jaw to hint at suppressed tension. "He sits quietly, his eyes fixed forward on the judge as he nods in agreement with words that are said. “He looks forward most of the time with just some small fidgets and the mouth/ jaw movements as he listens. “When asked questions, he answers quickly, clearly and curtly, leaning in towards the mic for a ‘yes’ or ‘no’ then turning slightly in his chair after the answer. “He looks alert and prepared for each response, nodding as the judge speaks to him.” READ MORE: Idaho murder suspect's defence 'can have field day' at trial  A probable cause hearing has now been set for June 26 at 9am and is expected to last five days. On January 5, Kohberger was formally charged in the same court with the murders of Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Madison Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and Ethan Chapin, 20. He is yet to enter a plea. The decision to waive his right to a speedy preliminary hearing gives his defence more time to review all evidence in the case. Kohberger's attorney, Anne Taylor, told Magistrate Judge Megan Marshall: "He's willing to waive timeliness to allow us time to obtain discovery in the case and be prepared." DON'T MISS: Pence 'not ready' to go toe-to-toe with Trump in Republican primary [EXCLUSIVE]Second bundle of classified documents found at Biden home [SPOTLIGHT]Warning as 'extremely dangerous' tornado strikes US [VIDEO] Kohberger, a PhD student and teaching assistant in the Department of Criminal Justice and Criminology at Washington State University, is charged with four counts of first-degree murder and one count of felony burglary. The four students were stabbed to death in an off-campus rental property in the small college town of Moscow, Idaho on November 13. It is located 10 miles across the state line from where Kohberger studied his PhD. Kohberger has been remanded in custody. 