It would be plausible to think that with the waterproof qualities of silicone sealant, mould would not be able to grow on them. However, over time, the silicone sealant can come away from the surface allowing water to begin to collect behind. Mould loves warm and humid environments. As the bathroom is a wet environment due to the nature of the activities that take place, if surfaces aren’t dried, the microscopic spores released by mould can land on the damp and grow. Luckily, fans of cleaning pro, Mrs Hinch, have taken to social media to share their top tips for removing mould from silicone sealants. Posting on Facebook to Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Alice Glenys Georgina Moston wrote: “Hi guys! Please don't judge, it's been here since I've moved in. Has anyone got any tips on how to clean this mould out of our window silicone sealant? “I’ve used mould remover sitting on cotton pads for a couple of hours and it did nothing. All purpose cleaner, and scrubbed with a metal scrubber, did nothing. “The pink stuff, with an old toothbrush, did nothing. Bleach with a toothbrush and metal scrubber, did nothing. I can't really leave anything harmful in the windows because I have two little climbers.” While a lot of the comments suggested using shop-bought cleaners to tackle the task, many were in favour of the more natural route - using a combination of baking soda and white vinegar. READ MORE: ‘Crucial’ dehumidifier mistakes to avoid - ‘will cost you more money’ Becca Holden said: “I had some stubborn mould in the bathroom that mould of mildew spray didn’t remove. I made a paste out of white vinegar and baking soda and left it for a day. It came off great.” Lydia Norton commented: “I had a section of mould on my bedroom window sealant in the house I’ve just moved into. My mum came up to help me clean it last week and used baking soda and white vinegar. You need to try it. It’s 100 percent better than using bleach.” Chloe Heins wrote: “Good old white vinegar and baking soda does the trick for me, plus I’ve found it to be the fastest way.” Ashley Will replied: “Bicarbonate of soda and vinegar paste onto the area and leave for an hour. Then clean with cold water.” DON'T MISS‘Most effective’ household ingredient to remove damp clothing smells [TIPS]John Torode’s quiet life with wife Lisa Faulkner in North London [INSIGHT]7 ‘must-have’ plants that all winter gardens need - ‘low maintenance’ [EXPERT] Laura Burns said: “I just add baking soda and white vinegar to the stubborn areas and it’s gone. Open the windows a little to air out the smell of the vinegar.” Jodie Maloy wrote: “Bicarbonate of soda and vinegar mixed together into a paste and slap it on. Wait awhile and wipe away. Amazing results.” Anne McCabe replied: “I would make a paste of baking soda and white vinegar. Leave it covered with cling film overnight if possible, then wipe and repeat if necessary.” Shannon Grey added: “Baking soda and white vinegar is really good. It did the job beautifully and barely costs a thing.” READ MORE: ‘Sure signs’ of a rat problem in your garden - ‘long lasting solution’ It is not just Mrs Hinch fans who are in favour of this cleaning method, as cleaning experts at Cleanipedia also rave about this solution. They said: “Bathroom sealant can be a magnet for mould, especially if it's been left alone for a while. Thankfully, learning how to remove mould from bathroom sealant isn’t actually that difficult. “Some everyday ingredients can help you remove mould from silicone like baking soda and white vinegar.” They noted that all households need to do is create a paste from one cup of white vinegar and two to three teaspoons of baking soda and leave the paste to sit on the mould for five minutes. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Then use a stiff-bristled brush to scrub the paste away from the sealant and wipe clean. Repeat the method if the stains remain. For those a fan of the natural route, experts at Belvoir also suggested using white vinegar and bicarbonate of soda to remove silicone sealant mould. They suggested using the same method as the experts at Cleanipedia, but recommended leaving the paste on for at least 30 minutes before wiping off. The pros added: “If the mould still won’t budge, try covering it with cling film or cloth to keep the solution onto the surface of the mould, rather than dripping away.”