Ginny & Georgia returned to Netflix with a bang as the dark drama saw the mother and daughter duo address the latest bombshell. Ginny (played by Antonia Gentry) had to learn to trust her mother Georgia (Brianne Howey) again after she had lied to her daughter about her history of murder. Matt Press actor Damian Romeo praised the Ginny star, calling her a "really funny" co-star. Georgia came a long way in season two after admitting to murder after going to therapy and learning how to med her relationship with her children. However, she took a huge step back when she killed off a Wellsbury local and had fresh blood on her hands. Austin's (Diesel La Torraca) father Gil (Aaron Ashmore) was prepared to expose Georgia if he did not compensate her for putting him in prison. Things came to a head towards the end of the series when Austin shot his dad in the arm during a violent altercation. Matt Press also returned for season two and actor Damian Romeo gushed over his co-star Antonia. READ MORE: Ginny and Georgia boss teases custody battle after arrest twist Speaking to Express.co.uk he said: "It was really interesting to see Antonia from season one to all the popularity and everything rushing in around her. "I think it's going to get more intense for her in season two, she's a wonderful person and fantastic to work with. "She's actually really funny but her performance in season two will blow people out of the water, which I'm really excited for." Speaking about why the series has been a huge success so far, he added: "The best thing about Ginny & Georgia is that there is something for everyone. "High school kids will watch the show and have a great time, mothers who have daughters or sons, young adults. "Everyone can watch it and take something from it because there is something there for everyone to relate to." Damian said he had a great relationship with all of his co-stars and they made the most of their time together during the pandemic. He added: "During season one we used to all go out as a cast and do karaoke nights. DON'T MISS... Ginny and Georgia star details 'intense' moments in season 2 [INTERVIEW]Ginny and Georgia season 3: Showrunner addresses Netflix show future [INSIGHT]Ginny and Georgia cast pay tribute to late crew member [DISCUSSION] "For season two, because it was during Covid, it was quite difficult for any of us to get out because we had to be Covid-safe. "But after we were tested every day I organised what I called 'meat night'. "I would buy wild boar and elk and I would cook it up for everyone and we would drink red wine and eat really nice cheeses. "We did that on and off throughout season two, it was more of a localised, quieter version of season one. "But the entire cast gets along, we are like a big family." Matt Press is a high school student who is a part of Ginny's friendship group in the series. He is going through his own personal problems following a difficult past and he struggles with communication and expressing his emotions. The star said: "I think everybody is going through something in their lives and there's more to him. "Just like any other high school student that makes bad choices and says the wrong things. "I think with Matt a lot of people can relate to that."  Ginny and Georgia is on Netflix now