American online personality and WWE star Logan Paul has teased that he is set to join the UFC in what would be a huge shock the mixed martial arts world. Paul had discussed signing with the company with UFC president Dana White before, who did not rule it out, with both men posting a video to their social media pages stating that a huge announcement will be released tomorrow. Paul sat down with White for an episode on his Impaulsive podcast in 2022, and named Paddy Pimblett as a fighter who he'd like to face if he ever was allowed to fight in the UFC. And in the video posted on Monday, Paul replayed that same clip, before panning to what looks like recent footage of the American YouTuber signing a contract with White overlooking. Many have wondered if Paul is just cleverly using this as an opportunity to promote his energy drink, PRIME energy, with some believing the company and UFC becoming official partners, rather than Paul signing as a fighter. Paul has a wrestling background, but is currently contracted to the WWE, where he performed in the recent Royal Rumble, and a place in which he is seen to have a positive future after signing a deal to remain with the company this past year.  UFC president White has recently spoken on the idea of signing Paul, referencing another former WWE star who attempted to make the move. White said: "The thing was CM Punk would come to the fights and he was such a huge fan and he wanted to try this. I gave the guy a shot. "Neither one of those guys can fight. It’s all a big gimmick. Like I said in a press conference, there’s a market for that. If people are dumb enough to spend their money watching that s***, I don’t know what to tell you. Good luck to them. I couldn’t care less what that guy does. I get it. He’s trying to make some money and is doing his thing. There are people who want to spend money on that. I’m not that guy."   Paul, 27, has not fought in a boxing ring since his 2021 exhibition bout with Floyd Mayweather, after previously facing KSI on two separate occasions - with them since becoming friends and being co-owners of PRIME. Logan's brother, Jake, had his next fight announced this past weekend, when he's set to come up against Tommy Fury in Saudi Arabia on February 26.