Prince Harry's tell-all memoir was the centre of debate on Monday morning's instalment of GB News. Hosts Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster reflected on the allegations the Duke of Sussex has made about the Royal Family in his book, Spare, which is due to be released on Tuesday. Eamonn claimed Prince William's stock has risen for allegedly hitting Harry.  Eamonn asked his GB News co-stars: "How does [Harry] look Camilla in the eye? "He's had a problem with his dad, he's had a problem with William, but the people he has slagged off, Kate, whose birthday it is today, and Camilla, he's made it quite clear. "How do they then deal with the likes of him?" Eamonn continued: "You see, this is why I'd be no good at being diplomatic as I couldn't sit there and pretend [Harry] hadn't said anything about me." READ MORE: Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ Neil is working with Tommy Lee Royce His co-host Isabel added: "What, like Prince William's approach?" Eamonn said: "Well I think Prince William's stock rose tremendously by smacking [Harry]." They were referring to Harry claiming he saw the "red mist" in his brother during his sit-down ITV interview with Tom Bradby. Harry alleged William attacked him during a confrontation about the 38-year-old's relationship with Meghan Markle.  The Duke of Sussex claimed the incident took place at Nottingham Cottage in 2019, adding: “He wanted me to hit him back, but I chose not to." Harry alleged the Prince of Wales grabbed him by the collar, ripped his necklace then caused him to fall on the floor onto a dog bowl. Buckingham Palace has not commented on any of the allegations Harry has made in his memoir or televised interviews. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry had 'glimmers of old self' in interview says royal expert [ROYALS]Prince Andrew's 'grateful' as Harry's taking the 'heat off him' [INTERVIEW]Fears that Taliban will target Invictus Games for killing 25 members [UPDATE] During Anderson Cooper's CBS interview with Harry, the journalist asked why he continues to hold his Duke of Sussex title after criticising the Royal Family in public. The 60 Minutes interview on CBS News aired at 7.30pm Eastern Time on Sunday. Anderson asked: “Why not renounce your titles as Duke and Duchess?” Harry frankly replied: “What difference would that make?”  In response, Anderson shared: “One of the criticisms that you've received is that okay, fine, you want to move to California, you wanna step back from the institutional role. “Why be so public? Why reveal conversations you've had with your father or - with your brother? You say you tried to do this privately.” Harry revealed he "tried to do it privately" in regards to talking with his family about their issues. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs on weekdays on GB News. 