All six episodes of Amazon’s big-budget and jaw-dropping drama The Rig landed on the streaming service on Friday, January 6 with a host of famous faces bringing the action to life. Led by Line of Duty’s Martin Compston, Game of Thrones legend Iain Glen and Schitt’s Creek star Emily Hampshire, The Rig tells the story of how an isolated crew aboard a Scottish oil rig are left fighting for their lives when their surroundings take a mysterious turn for the worse. But it isn’t just the weather conditions which appear to be working against Fulmer Hamilton (played by Compston), Rose Mason (Hampshire) and the rest of the crew. A manhunt ensues thanks to Baz (Calvin Demba) going AWOL and the entire team falls into disrepute as people vie to save their own lives. A series of jaw-dropping visual effects ensue as the rig is severely damaged and Compston and Glen’s characters fight for survival. However, it isn’t just their characters who endured one or two close shaves as fellow The Rig star Rochenda Sandall has explained. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Brittani Fulfer unrecognisable after weight loss She joined Naga Munchetty and Ben Thompson on BBC Breakfast last week to promote the show. When asked to share a few tidbits from her time on the Amazon drama, Sandall replied: “There’s a couple of stories flying around at the moment… “Martin got set on fire. Yes,” she added before letting out a laugh as Munchetty and Thompson looked on perplexed. “That’s a good one,” Thompson said before adding: “I assume he’s alright.” But Munchetty demanded more answers as she quizzed The Rig star: “You can’t just say that and not expand!” “In one of the scenes, there’s a bit of a fire incident,” Sandall divulged before Thompson queried: “That was meant to happen or was it…” “It was meant to happen,” Sandall replied. “But he wanted to do it himself so without a stuntee [stuntman]. “He actually got set on fire so everyone was a bit like, ‘Oh god, put him out quickly!’” Sandall went on as she began to mime fanning actions with her hands. DON'T MISS:Chicago Fire fans fear affair twist as concern grows over Stella Yellowstone's Kevin Costner drops huge Jamie Dutton death hint NCIS LA’s Fatima Namazi star pays tribute to colleague following death But it wasn’t just the Line of Duty star who risked his own safety for the sake of the show. Sandall revealed the “lovely” Glen got one sequence so wrong he “fell off a structure”. However, Sandall confirmed: “But luckily he was harnessed - but he didn’t want to wear the harness to begin with!” “Health and safety!” Munchetty interjected as Sandall nodded her head in agreement. “There you go!” The Rig consists of six episodes which are all available to stream on Prime Video now. Compston, Hampshire, Sandall and Glen lead a star-studded cast with plenty of other big names. Joining them throughout the series is the likes of Game of Thrones’s Owen Teale, The Spanish Princess’ Molly Vevers, Shetland star Stuart McQuarrie and Cobra’s Richard Pepple. The Rig is available to stream on Amazon Prime Video now.