 Dan Wootton, 39, was among a string of celebrities airing their opinions on Prince Harry’s tell-all interview that aired tonight on ITV. The GB News presenter pointed out Tom Bradby has known both the Duke of Sussex and his brother for over 20 years, insinuating the interview would be kept tame because of this.   Harry: The Interview aired tonight two days before the Prince’s highly anticipated memoir Spare is released. Across the UK, viewers and celebrities alike tuned in for the only UK interview about the memoir, but some were left unsatisfied with the way it was being conducted. Dan took the opportunity to point out the little-known connection between the Prince and his interviewer. He tweeted: “Tom Bradby and Prince Harry: Two mates having a laugh together. READ MORE: James Martin opens up on not having kids after 'giving up everything' for his career  “The disgraced ex-royal chose his BFF for this “interview “ because he doesn’t want to face serious scrutiny about his tissue of lies designed to bring down the Royal Family.” He also slammed ITV for airing the show, saying it was “terrible” they allowed it to go ahead. 55-year-old Tom developed during the journalist's time covering the Royal Family and he even ended up attending Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s wedding in 2018. Similarly, Tom attended Prince William's marriage to Kate Middleton in 2011 and was the journalist chosen to carry out the couple’s engagement interview a year earlier.     However, a royal insider told the Daily Mail in 2021 that William and Tom’s friend “is very much over”, citing Tom’s behaviour in the months before. The source reported: “William is a sensitive soul and believes it’s in times of crisis when you find out who your true friends are. “It would be fair to say Bradby hasn’t been one of them." Nearing the end of the interview, Tom himself admitted their relationship spanned far beyond the announcement of the Prince’s novel.  Dan continued to tweet as the programme aired, adding: “The only person to put the lives of Prince Harry and his family at risk is…Harry himself. “Thanks to the highly inappropriate boasts regarding the number of Taliban members he killed in Afghanistan.” As the conversation on television veered into Harry’s criticisms of the British tabloid press, Dan blasted the Prince, tweeting: “I presume Prince Harry would prefer to live in a country with no free press and no freedom of the press. “Like, say, North Korea, Russia or China?”  As the programme concluded, Dan shared a final thought along with a photo comparing this latest interview against Harry and Meghan’s interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021. Dan wrote: “One thing is for certain: Harry and Meghan know how to trash the journalistic credibility of their close pals. “First, Oprah Winfrey and now Tom Bradby, who both failed to ask for evidence of their largely ludicrous and fanciful claims. “Let’s see if Anderson Cooper does any better,” he wrote, alluding to Harry’s interview on another programme, 60 Minutes.