Vladimir Putin has deployed air defence systems around Moscow, suggesting the despot fears an attack from Ukraine. He has deployed lethal S-400 defence missiles to two locations in the capital, designed to destroy aircraft, cruise and ballistic missiles, including medium-range missiles. Local residents say the deployments are new to the Russian capital. The tyrant's latest move comes after two drone strikes on Russian two air bases in Saratov and Ryazan in December, both suspected to be from Ukrainian forces.  One S-400 air defence system has been deployed in fields belonging to the Russian State Agricultural University in the northwest of Moscow, while the other has been deployed to the Losiny Ostrov National Park near Sokolniki district in the northeast of the city. The systems have a range of 248 miles, and are capable of shooting down up to 80 targets simultaneously. The first drone strike in December damaged two nuclear-capable bombers that are thought to be preparing to attack Ukraine. READ MORE: Ukraine First Lady wipes tears after children killed near nursery  This strike hit the Engels-2 airbase near the city of Saratov, damaging two Tu-95 bombers. Engels-2 is around 450 miles from the nearest point in Ukraine, and is southeast of Moscow. Satellite image revealed just days prior that Russia has been gathering bombers and cruise missiles in the airfield, which had already been used to launch airstrikes. The second drone attack hit Russia's Dyagilevo military base near the city of Ryazan, about 470 miles from the Ukrainian border. This attacked killed three people and injured six, after a fuel truck detonated.  Ukraine has not claimed responsibility for the attacks but Russian officials accused their opponents of “attempting to strike”. Ukrainian Presidential Advisor Mikhail Podolyak tweeted that the Kremlin should have known that “if something is launched into other countries’ airspace, sooner or later unknown flying objects will return to departure point”. The Russian Ministry of Defence claimed that the drones had all been intercepted, but debris from the collisions had fallen on the airfields and caused explosions. The defensive posture around Moscow comes as speculation rises that Putin will make a second mobilisation of troops to expand his army today. DON'T MISS: Ukraine’s NATO membership is ‘appropriate outcome’ [REVEAL]Zelensky's aide quits over claim ‘deflected’ missile hit Dnipro flats [INSIGHT]Ukraine MP warns Putin could start 'new offensive' or seize east [ANALYSIS]  The US-based Institute for the Study of War (ISW) reported that the despot could make the key announcement during an address today, stating that Kremli spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said Putin will deliver comments in St Petersburg this evening in commemoration of the 80th anniversary of Soviet forces breaking the Nazi siege of Leningrad. The ISW said: "Putin is fond of using symbolic dates to address the Russian people, and some Russian pro-war bloggers noted that he will seize this opportunity to either declare mobilisation or war with Ukraine. "Ukrainian and Western intelligence also repatedly warned of Putin's mobilisation preparations scheduled for mid-January." Putin has so far stuck to the propaganda line that the invasion of Ukraine is merely a "special military operation." If he officially referred to it as a war, that would allow for more widespread mobilisation.