Manchester United and Arsenal have been warned not to consider pushing to sign Eintracht Frankfurt star Randal Kolo Muani this month as he is not for sale, no matter what price is offered. The Bundesliga side’s sporting director has been vocal about how he feels there is no better side to nurture his development and they have ‘no reason’ to sell. United are in the market for forward reinforcements this month, with the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo earlier this season leaving Erik ten Hag short of options in the final third. The Dutchman’s spending spree means that he is not able to break the bank for a No 9 option – with Wout Weghorst a likely arrival now. Due to an injury sustained by Gabriel Jesus at the Qatar World Cup, Arsenal are also shopping in the same market as United. The table-toppers are targeting Shakhtar Donetsk star Mykhaylo Mudryk but also want a central option. Though Eintracht Frankfurt sporting director Markus Krosche has told the clubs, as well as any other interested parties, not to waste their time pursuing star Kolo Muani. Asked by Sky Sports whether the club would accept an offer of £88million (€100m) for the Frenchman, Krosche replied: “No! We have made it clear that we do not want to sell any top performers. “There is no reason for that. It will stay that way. We are a good place for young players to develop. That has changed our perception both nationally and internationally. “We are very interesting for young and generally good players. But I would like us are not yet among the top addresses in Germany.” Kolo Muani has scored five and assisted nine in 14 Bundesliga appearances so far this season, with his good form earning him a late call-up to the Qatar World Cup. The 24-year-old has progressed significantly since joining Frankfurt from Nice on a free transfer, and the club feel that he will improve further. It remains to be seen who both United and Arsenal target for the remainder of this month now that Kolo Muani has been deemed unattainable. Both clubs were interested in signing Atletico Madrid star Joao Felix – who had fallen out of favour under manager Diego Simeone - but he is set to join Chelsea now on loan until the end of the season, with Graham Potter’s side paying £9m for his services.