It's not gone unnoticed by one PR expert that disgraced sex trafficker Ghislaine Maxwell has come to the aide of Prince Andrew just as he is mulling a legal bid to overturn a multimillion-pound settlement reached with a woman who accused him of sexual assault. The Duke of York denies the allegation and the settlement was not an admission of liability. In an exclusive interview from jail on Monday night, Maxwell defended her "dear" friend Prince Andrew by rejecting the claims of his accuser Virgina Roberts (now Giuffre). The Prince has previously claimed he had no recollection of ever meeting Ms Giuffre and has continuously denied the allegations made by his accuser. But a photo emerged of the Prince and Ms Guiffree that contradicts his claim. Referring to the infamous photo of Ms Giuffree with Prince Andrew, which shows his arm around the then 17-year old, Maxwell branded it "fake", adding that "I don’t believe it happened, certainly the way as described". The timing of the rebuttal coincides with the news that Prince Andrew's team is considering legal options to overturn a multi-million-pound settlement he struck with Ms Giuffre. READ MORE: Maxwell launches defence of Prince Andrew and claims Virginia Giuffre has 'faulty memory' Prince Andrew is said to have consulted lawyers after Virginia Giuffre dropped a separate sexual abuse claim against US lawyer Alan Dershowitz, admitting that she "may have made a mistake" in claiming he had abused her as a teenager. Is the timing a coincidence? Maybe. Maybe not. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Celebrity Manager and PR Mayah Riaz said: "We hadn’t heard about him in months, then suddenly we hear that he is wanting to reverse the legal settlement with Giuffre. "Around the same time as Ghislaine is about to speak to the nation." The PR expert reckons it most probably wasn’t planned, "but the two gaining separate headlines around the same time makes it look like it was pre-arrange". DON'T MISSSeven killed in California gun rampage [LATEST]William and Charles 'angry' with Harry [INSIGHT]Trump accused of friendship with mob boss [REPORT] Ms Riaz added: "Prince Andrew’s public image doesn’t need any help in becoming a PR disaster as he alone is able to see to that.” Maxwell may have had another reason for coming to Prince Andrew's aid. She is possibly wanting to protect the royal’s "reputation", noted Ms Riaz. This is a losing strategy, claimed the PR expert: "She is deluded. I’m a PR expert and even I’d have trouble restoring Prince Andrew’s reputation." READ MORE: Prince Harry blasted for throwing royals 'to the lions' and 'canceling his own family' On the whole, Ms Riaz viewed the interview as a case study in poor public relations. "This was a public image disaster. The public are in uproar that as a prisoner, she is able to give a television interview." She continued: "It is clear she did not have a PR advisor on hand to guide her on what she could have said for it to be a public image success. She is digging herself a greater hole. "I hope, for her sake, this is the only interview she gives." In the bombshell jail interview, Ghislaine spoke about prison life, Epstein's death and how she wished she had never met the paedophile financier. Among Maxwell's most shocking admissions was that she believes the cause of Epstein's death was murder. She said: “I believe that he was murdered. I was shocked. Then I wondered how it had happened? Because as far as I was concerned, he was going to, I was sure he was going to appeal. And I was sure he was covered under the non-prosecution agreement. But I wasn't in the indictment. I wasn’t mentioned. I wasn't even one of the co-conspirators."