According to figures from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), 936,766 claimants were in receipt of Carer’s Allowance as of May 2022. This is the primary benefit payment for those who are unpaid carers for a loved one or vulnerable person. However, there are other benefit payments that people on Carer’s Allowance can get and the DWP is pushing them to check if they are eligible. Recently, MPs have been asking the Government whether or not it is considering introducing a cost of living payment for unpaid carers. This follows the rollout of similar payments for those on means-tested benefits, pensioners and people with disabilities. While the Government has remained sympathetic to carers, it has not changed the criteria for being eligible for the cost of living payments currently available. The DWP has also cited the fact that 60 percent of unpaid carers are living in a household where someone is in receipt of a qualifying benefit payment for cost of living support. READ MORE: Pension triple lock ‘needs reform’ for ‘means-tested’ payments In December 2022, Labour MP Justin Madders asked whether the Government “has made an assessment of the potential merits of providing a Cost of Living Payment to unpaid carers". In his response, DWP Minister Tom Pursglove shared why those on Carer’s Allowance should look into whether they are eligible for other benefits. Last month, Mr Pursglove said: “The Government recognises and values the vital contribution made by carers every day in providing significant care and continuity of support to family and friends, including pensioners and those with disabilities. “Depending on personal circumstances, carers may be eligible for means-tested benefits, including Universal Credit and Pension Credit.  “Means-tested benefits can be paid to carers at a higher rate than those without caring responsibilities through the Carer Element in Universal Credit and the additional amounts for carers in other benefits respectively.” The Government minister also encouraged unpaid carers to check their eligibility at GOV.UK so they can see in full what they may or not be entitled to. Mr Pursglove also highlighted the services of charitable organisations, such as Carers UK and Citizens Advice, which can provide further guidance for those in need. He also cited the usefulness of an independent benefits calculator so people can determine how much they can receive in financial aid. READ MORE: Waspi women wait for compensation verdict as 'cruel' rumours fly Anyone is eligible for Carer’s Allowance if they look after someone for at least 35 hours per week, if that person claims certain qualifying DWP payments. Among these qualifying payments for the person being cared for include: the daily living component of the Personal Independence Payment (PIP), Attendance Allowance and the middle or higher rate of Disability Living Allowance. Those who get this support do not have to be related to, or live with, the person they are looking after. Furthermore, claimants of Carer’s Allowance will not get paid extra if they care for more than one person at a time. If another unpaid carer is looking after the same person as the claimant, only one of them can receive Carer’s Allowance. Someone in receipt of this payment for carers will be able to get £69.70 a week which is just under £279 a month. Payments are awarded to claimants weekly or in advance or every four weeks into a bank or building society account of the recipient’s choice. Additional benefits support for unpaid carers include Carer’s Credit, which awards vital National Insurance credits to help boost peoples’ pension payments, and Carer’s Allowance Supplement for those living in Scotland.