Some 5.6 million Britons depend on Universal Credit to help them get by because they are out of work or are on a low income. As many are struggling to make ends meet due to high energy bills and the rising cost of living, Express.co.uk has researched a full list of freebies and benefits people can apply for if they qualify for universal credit or other Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) benefits.  Millions of people on low incomes are missing out on up to £10,000 in additional support from the DWP which could make all the difference to their finances. Depending on individual circumstances, Britons could be entitled to things like a free TV licence, hundreds of pounds towards energy bills and up to £10,000 to pay for a new boiler or home insulation. While it will also depend on other factors, claiming Universal Credit could make people eligible for this extra help. People can also get extra help if they qualify for other benefits like Personal Independence Payment (PIP) and Pension Credit. READ MORE: Woman shares side hustle which tops up her state pension Anyone who earns £40,000 or less should check for benefits entitlement, MoneySavingExpert founder Martin Lewis has suggested - although it's no guarantee they're entitled to support. Other factors like whether someone has to pay rent or a mortgage and how many dependents they have will also affect whether they qualify. One woman shared how she is now receiving an extra £5,000 a year after following Martin Lewis' alert to check for Universal Credit entitlement. To check benefits eligibility, people can go onto the Government website where there is a handy benefits calculator or speak to someone at Citizen's Advice. DON'T MISSFive energy providers are giving up to £250 worth of free bill credit‘Nail in his coffin’ - Hiking state pension age to ‘destroy Sunak'TV licence explained - Simple steps to claim refund worth £159  ITV Money Show viewer Sara said: "Thank you Martin for mentioning the changes to Universal Credit. I did a check, applied and am due a payment of £282. "I was completely blown away with the amount. This will make a huge difference - it's like getting a £5,000 pay rise!" Universal Credit payment rates are also increasing in April 2023, in line with Septmenber 2022's inflation figure of 10.1 percent. A benefits check should take about 10 minutes to complete - there are handy benefit calculators from entitledto, Turn2us, and Policy in Practice on the GOV.UK website.    Universal Credit is made up of a standard allowance, plus any extra amounts a person may be eligible for, for specific circumstances.  Universal Credit claimants can claim: 