Meghan and Trevor’s wedding was a relaxed but lavish ceremony on a beach in Jamaica. The then-Suits actress wore a sleeveless dress with a bejewelled belt, worlds away from the luxurious dress she wore on her wedding day to Prince Harry. But if the dress was different, how different was Meghan’s first engagement ring compared to her second one? Looking at photos of Trevor’s ring and Harry’s ring, experts at jewellers Steven Stone examined both rings, before comparing and contrasting them. They even estimated each ring’s value. Zack Stone, diamond expert working for the jewellers, said: “Meghan’s engagement ring from Trevor Engelson features what looks like a round or cushion cut solitaire diamond, weighing around 1.5 to two carats. “It has a thin platinum or white gold double band, featuring an incredible set of pave diamonds. “From analysing the images, our experts have valued the ring at an estimated £13,000.” READ MORE: Chinese New Year love horoscope: Will YOU find your soulmate? A few months after announcing their engagement to family and friends, Meghan and Trevor tied the knot at the Jamaica Inn in Ocho Rios, Jamaica. The Jamaica Inn is an elegant boutique hotel with 55 suites and cottages on a white beach. Huge palm trees grow from the sand and the sea is a surreal turquoise. The dress Meghan wore for her big day was a strapless white gown with a silver jewelled belt. The bodice was tight and short, with the belt cinching in the dress’ material before its skirt fell in subtle pleats to the floor. DON'T MISS:Keep bread fresh for 3 weeks with handy food storage hacks [GUIDE]Hair expert shares the ‘most flattering’ colour for every woman [BEAUTY]Woman loses 3 stone after doctor's told her it would be 'impossible' [INTERVIEW] Trevor and Meghan were together for two years before breaking up in 2013. It was reported that long distance was difficult for the pair as they lived in different parts of the US at the time, due to their work. Fast forward a few years and Meghan received a message from none other than Prince Harry on Instagram, asking her if she’d like to go for a date in central London. This was July 2016. The pair dated for a while before the news of their relationship made British headlines in November 2016. Harry proposed to Meghan a few months later, in 2017, presenting her with a beautiful three stone engagement ring. READ MORE: Astrologer shares what’s in store for each star sign in 2023  Over 18 months later, Meghan made some alterations to the ring, replacing the yellow gold band with a delicate diamond-studded band instead. Prince Harry custom designed the ring himself, which included a centre cushion cut diamond, sourced from Botswana – a place that still holds a special place in the couple’s hearts. The pair spent a week in the bush after just going on two dates together in the UK. Zack commented on Meghan’s second engagement ring, saying: “Our experts estimate the three to four carat stone to be extremely high quality with incredible colour and clarity, flawless to the naked eye. “The two round diamonds supporting the centre stone are from Princess Diana’s jewellery collection are around 0.5 to 0.75 carats each. Our experts have valued the ring at £120,000.” There is, therefore, “a staggering price difference between the two rings”, Zack stressed. “Whilst Meghan’s sentimental ring from Harry is worth approximately £120,000, her ring from Trevor was worth just £13,000,” he emphasised. Meghan and Harry got married in St George’s Chapel at Windsor Castle on May 19, 2018. The Duchess of Sussex wore a bespoke Givenchy wedding dress for the big day, designed by British fashion designer Clare Waight Keller. While her dress was simple in design, her veil was intricately embroidered with flowers representing the countries of the Commonwealth.