Paul Hollywood, 56, spent seven series as a co-judge alongside Mary Berry on The Great British Bake Off, before she left when the show moved to Channel 4. However, the pair are still constantly clashing, according to a recent admission made by Paul himself - and the reason might surprise viewers. Taking to Twitter yesterday to reveal the truth behind their differences, he admitted the pair have regularly argued over flour. "I am forever fighting with Mary about scones," he admitted. "She comes from the tradition of using plain flour in scones but in the professional industry you use strong flour." He added that anyone whipping up a set of scones with stronger flour is guaranteed to "see the difference". READ NOW: BBC Breakfast's Nina Warhurst on 'very anxious few months' for family The star's passionate opinion immediately saw a slew of replies from viewers confused over how to find "strong" enough flour to replicate his results. @KevMacNamara quizzed: "How do I know if I'm buying strong flour? Wherever I go shopping, not one brand of flour has the word strong on it." @engaged2educate seemed equally bemused, asking: "What’s strong flour? I haven’t seen it at my local grocery stores." Some suggested that the type he used might be created specifically for the restaurant and cafe industry and therefore might not be accessible to supermarket customers. Meanwhile, @TJ1968 argued: "Strong flour and too much baking powder taste like shop bought and make your teeth furry!" Others supported Mary in the debate, declaring that "there's not much [she] could bake that I wouldn't eat". However, some stated that Paul was right, as scones were not intended to be too "soft and fluffy". One viewer playfully expressed her desire to be a taste tester to decide which celebrity judge was right. DON'T MISS... Escape to the Chateau's Dick and Angel break silence on show return [LATEST] Prue Leith says she 'totally understands' Matt Lucas' Bake Off exit [INTERVIEW] Love Island's Ron 'unsure what to think' after Lana's famous ex news [LOVE ISLAND]  "If you and Mary make your scones, me and my hubs will be very happy to conduct a taste test and tell you the outcome," she joked.  @McCrackan chimed in: "I would pay a good amount of money to watch you and Mary argue about anything related to baking!" Paul even received a reply from Dawn French, which prompted him to direct her to a video revealing how he makes his own. Luxury department store Fortnum and Mason also chimed in to chuckle: "The great scone debate! They’re all delicious as far as we’re concerned." Viewers will soon be able to see more of Paul's views when they tune into his next appearance on Bake Off. On the next series, he will appear alongside co-judges Noel Fielding, Prue Leith and a soon to be announced replacement for Matt Lucas. Matt recently announced he would be quitting the show, with Prue stepping out to tell Saga magazine she "understands" why the "extremely talented" comic might prefer to focus on his passion for theatre. She has "no clue" who could replace her friend, but has insisted that anyone could be in the running, because "who wouldn't want to work on Bake Off?"