Failing to report changes to the DWP could result in a penalty or even an appearance in court. Should pensioners fail to report any such alterations, they risk having to pay a £50 penalty. The circumstantial changes claimants must alert the DWP about include: the level of help they need or their condition changes - details must be provided, such as if the amount of times they need help each day has changed. Attendance Allowance claimants must also inform the DWP of any mistakes, such as if they could be paid too much and have to pay some of it back. Attendance Allowance helps with extra costs if people have a disability severe enough that they need someone to help look after them. It is available to people over the state pension age of 66, who have certain illnesses or conditions. READ MORE: 'I felt stupid': NatWest issues warning after woman hands over £700 in cruel phone scam Pensioners risk losing up to £369.60 each month by failing to report these changes. Additionally, the DWP website states: “You could be taken to court or have to pay a penalty if you give wrong information or do not report a change in your circumstances.” If someone has been paid too much they may have to repay the money if they did not report a change straight away, gave wrong information or were overpaid by mistake. From April 2023, Attendance Allowance is going up in line with September's inflation rate of 10.1 percent meaning state pensioners on the higher rate will get over £400 a month. READ MORE: 'Move quickly': Thousands of households may be eligible for heat pump grants up to £6,000 This means people on the lower rate will see their payments increase to £68.10 while the upper rate will increase to £101.73 each week. Pensioners will therefore get between £247.40 and £406.92 every four weeks. To make a claim, individuals have to fill out the Attendance Allowance claim form. There are a couple of ways to get the form. People can call the Attendance Allowance helpline on 0800 731 0122 (textphone 0800 731 0317) or download a claim form from the GOV.UK website. When filling out the form, it is suggested that people should be really clear about how their illness or disability affects their life and attach any supporting information. This could include information such as GP letters, care plans, or prescription lists. Once the form has been submitted, the Department of Work and Pensions may contact people for more information or arrange a doctor visit. It's a good idea to prepare for this visit by writing things they think the doctor should know about down. Many applications are turned down because people don't mention or aren't clear about how their illness or disability affects their lives.