Novak Djokovic's coach, Goran Ivanisevic, believes the Serbian tennis icon could still be challenging for Grand Slams when he's 39 years of age and is looking forward to the battle with Rafael Nadal to finish on the most majors in the men's game. Djokovic's 10th Australian Open title moved him back to the world No 1 spot as well as seeing him go level with Nadal on 22 Grand Slam wins. It's now a straight battle between the two to finish their careers with the most majors and they even have Margaret Court's all-time record tally of 24 in their sights. For years now, the next generation of tennis stars have been challenged to try and break the dominance of both Nadal and Djokovic. Carlos Alcaraz is seen as the next superstar in men's tennis while Stefanos Tsitsipas, Daniil Medvedev and Casper Ruud have begun to make their mark. But Ivanisevic has warned the next gen that Djokovic's conditioning means he could still carry on winning majors for years to come still before he retires. When asked how long he feels Djokovic can continue competing at the top, Ivanisevic said: "Definitely two, three more years. The way he's taking care of his body, the way he approach about everything, the food, it's amazing. It's unbelievable the level.  "We talking about young guys. They're here, it's great for tennis, great for the future of tennis. But you still have these two guys battling. This was Novak home court, and now we going next one to Rafa home court in this handball match of 22-22. "Yes, they are coming, Alcaraz, unbelievable. Still, if Rafa steps on the court on the French Open, for me he's always the favorite to win the tournament. There are a lot of guys who can beat him, also Novak. But Rafa, it's 14 times to win a tournament.  "You cannot even win a tournament at home in the (indiscernible) 14 times in a row. It's amazing. They really push each other. It's good that we have a lot of young guys. We have Stefanos who is going to win Grand Slam definitely one day because he's just amazing player." He added: "I said eight or nine years ago that Novak and Rafa will go over Roger. Back then they were, No. People were looking at me like strangely. But we have 22-22. Two unbelievable competitors, two unbelievable tennis players, what they did for the tennis. "I'm looking forward. Looking forward, honestly, for both of them to be super healthy, then battle is there. And with the young guys who going to try to find backdoors to sneak and try to do something. But still these two guys, they going to have last word to say there."