A gunman has been arrested after seven people were killed in a mass shooting - the second in California in just two days. The latest attack occurred in two separate areas of coastal city Half Moon Bay, located 30 miles south of San Francisco.     The suspect has been identified as local resident Zhao Chunli, 67, who was arrested after police found him in his car near a sheriff’s office, officers said. Half Moon Bay is 383 miles north of Monterey Park, where 11 people were killed and nine others wounded on Saturday when a gunman opened fire on a ballroom dance studio. The San Mateo County Sheriff’s Office said on Twitter: “Suspect is in custody. There is no ongoing threat to the community at this time.” Four people were found dead and a fifth injured from gunshot wounds at a farm. Officers found three other people killed at another location several miles away, the Sheriff’s Office said.    The killings occurred on the outskirts of Half Moon Bay, a city about 30 miles (48 kilometres) south of San Francisco. San Mateo County Sheriff Christina Corpus said the two locations were nurseries, and it wasn’t immediately clear how they were connected. The new year has brought a shocking string of mass killings in the US — six in less than three weeks, accounting for 39 deaths. Three have occurred in California since January 16, according to a database compiled by The Associated Press, USA Today and Northeastern University. The database tracks every mass killing — defined as four dead not including the offender — committed in the US since 2006. READ MORE: RAF Chinooks deployed on Russia's doorstep in threat against Putin     Officials believe Zhao is a worker at one of the facilities and that the victims were workers as well, Corpus said. Some workers at one facility lived on the premises and children may have witnessed the shooting, she said. Corpus said officials hadn’t determined a motive for the shooting. Half Moon Bay Vice Mayor Joaquin Jimenez said the victims included Chinese and Latino farmworkers. The Sheriff’s Office first received reports of a shooting just before 2.30pm and found four people dead from gunshot wounds and a fifth person injured at the first scene. Shortly thereafter, officers found three more people dead from gunshot wounds at a second location nearby, Capt. Eamonn Allen said in a news release. DON'T MISS:Royal author blasts Harry for throwing royals 'to the lions'  [REVEAL]Dover Brexit bonanza as port receives £45m in 'levelling up' funds [INSIGHT]Charles' coronation 'will absolutely' be thrown into chaos says author [REPORT]  About two hours after first responding, a sheriff’s deputy noticed the suspect, Zhao, in his car parked outside a sheriff’s substation in a strip mall and arrested him, recognizing the car by its licence plate. A video of the arrest showed three officers approaching a parked car with drawn weapons. Zhao got out of the car, and the officers pulled him to the ground, put him in handcuffs, and led him away. A weapon was found in his vehicle, officials said. The video was captured by Kati McHugh, a Half Moon Bay resident who witnessed the arrest. The sheriff’s department believes Zhao acted alone. “We’re still trying to understand exactly what happened and why, but it’s just incredibly, incredibly tragic,” said state Senator Josh Becker, who represents the area and called it “a very close-knit” agricultural community.   