Liverpool are reportedly stepping up their interest in Napoli defender Kim Min-Jae. The injury to Virgil van Dijk may see the Premier League side dip into the market for a defender earlier than expected. Liverpool have already made one major mid-season signing. They completed a deal for Cody Gakpo and he officially became a Reds player this week. A midfielder is on the agenda for Jurgen Klopp, with notable former players such as Jamie Carragher demanding a signing is made to keep up the club's top-four hopes. But the prospect of bringing in a defender is now said to be under consideration. Van Dijk is expected to be out for several weeks with a hamstring injury picked up in the loss at Brentford. Klopp initially played down any thoughts of a serious injury but the problem is worse than initially feared. READ MORE: Arsenal target Mudryk likes post pushing for transfer - '#FreeMudryk'  The Dutchman will receive results of a scan this week to determine the full extent of the issue. Italian outlet Il Mattino claims the injury has seen Liverpool step up their interest in Napoli star Kim. The report says Van Dijk's absence brings the Reds back on the market for the 26-year-old, and claims they have 'called' Napoli regarding the player this week. Manchester United are also credited with interest in Kim by Il Mattino. It had been reported elsewhere that Liverpool would not pursue Kim until the summer. Italian outlet Corriere dello Sport claimed they would look to activate the player's release clause, which doesn't become active until July. Kim would be available for a fee of around £44m (€50m) at the end of the season. But if Van Dijk is out for a sustained period, Liverpool could accelerate their transfer plans and bring forward a deal for Kim. DON'T MISSMan Utd ‘schedule medical’ for first signing as Ten Hag lands his manFabregas returns to Arsenal to kick off new career after Chelsea and Barcelona spellsRonaldo banned from making Al-Nassr debut due to Man Utd tantrum  Kim started his professional career in South Korea before moving to Chinese Super League club Beijing Guoan in 2019. He had a season at Fenerbahce before joining Napoli last summer. His performances in the Champions League this season, including two appearances against Liverpool in the group stage, have attracted interest. He also impressed for South Korea at the World Cup in Qatar. Meanwhile, if Van Dijk is out for the rest of January, he will miss the FA Cup clash at Wolves on Saturday as well as a potential fourth-round tie and Premier League matches against Brighton and Chelsea.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here