The popular show The Masked Singer made its return as a fresh batch of stars took to the stage in unusual and elaborate costumes. Although the first celebrity has already been unmasked, viewers think they’ve worked out which stars are behind the Cat and Mouse duo. New Year's Day saw the first instalment of the new series of ITV’s The Masked Singer as 12 new mystery celebrities got ready to take to the stage. Although for the first episode, viewers only saw six stars take to the stage in their elaborate costumes going head-to-head to stay in the competition. Taking to the stage first was Knitting who was battling against Jellyfish before Ghost and Otter took the limelight. Finally, it was Cat and Mouse and Phoenix who had to try and impress the members of the live audience. READ MORE: The Masked Singer's Jellyfish 'rumbled' as Drag Race star However, it was the show’s first double act that stole the show with many fans thinking they already worked out who could be behind the costumes. It wasn’t long before people watching took to Twitter to share who they thought was behind the show’s singing duo. Jonconnell said: “So intriguing to have a duo! I’m guessing Martin & Shirlie Kemp for Cat & Mouse. "Martin has been a judge on talent shows (legal clues) and Shirlie was in the Spice Girls video for Mama. @ThisisDavina @MaskedSingerUK #MaskedSingerUK” Debjaynec66 added: “Cat and mouse Mr and Mrs Kemp ? #MaskedSingerUK.” Debbydon2 Tweeted: “Martin and Shirlie kemp are cat & mouse #MaskedSingerUK.” Imshanereaction commented: “It's going to Martin and Shirlie Kemp isn't it #maskedsingeruk HannahMBrankley said: “I’d love it if Cat and Mouse were Martin and Shirlie Kemp #MaskedSingerUK” Liamandrews123 added: “Martin and Shirlie kemp maybe? #MaskedSingerUK” DON'T MISS... The Masked Singer's Phoenix's identity 'worked out' by fans The Masked Singer UK is back for season 4 The Masked Singer cast explained with crazy new costumes During their videotape before singing, people got certain clues in their VT including the number 20 million and Cat having “legalities” over their position. They took to the stage to sing a rendition of Anything You Can Do which earned high praise from the judges Rita Ora, Mo Gilligan, Jonathan Ross and Davina McCall. Sadly for the singing duo, they didn’t do enough to impress the audience as they found themselves in the bottom against Knitting and Ghost. After Knitting was the first person saved, Cat and Mouse narrowly made it through sending the Ghost home.  When it was time for the infamous “take it off” moment, the panel were thrilled to learn Ghost was Chris Kamara. Mo revealed he was extremely close with his guess, originally saying John Bishop along with commenting that his voice was extremely recognisable. The Masked Dancer continues Sundays on ITV from 6.30pm