WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Happy Valley season 3 Season three of Happy Valley is already hotting up as danger is all around and fans fearing for the safety of beloved protagonist Catherine Cawood (played by Sarah Lancashire). Viewers have already been speculating about which characters are going to be biting the bullet. Express.co.uk has now obtain odds from bookmakers PaddyPower speculating over who is most likely to kick the bucket when the credits roll on the show. Catherine is unsurprisingly at the top of the list of those to be killed off with odds of 6/4. Given she’s been repeatedly thrown into peril in the line of duty throughout the show, it seems the police officer’s luck could finally be running out. She was after all on death’s door after Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) beat her up with the officer in hospital with severe injuries after his brutal attack. Next in line for the chop is Neil Ackroyd (Con O’Neill) with a 3/1 chance with some fans believing he could be Tommy’s father. READ MORE: Fans are curious to know if Happy Valley's Catherine Cawood is real Moreover, Neil was instrumental in helping Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah) visit his incarcerated father, suggesting he could have other motives. However, Neil could have a bigger role to play involving the local organised crime family running things in Yorkshire and this might make him a target in the show. Third in line for getting killed is shady pharmacist Faisal Bhatti (Amit Shah) at 4/1, which again doesn’t come as a shock after he stepped on the toes of the Knezevics and their drug trade. Faisal has already been threatened on several occasions by the gangsters with the men demanding more money from him. Domestic abuse victim and prescription medication addict Joanna Hepworth (Mollie Winnard) has odds of 7/1. Things weren’t looking good for her at the end of the third episode after Faisal battered her with a rolling pin with the mother-of-two in a bad way. Joanna’s husband and P.E. teacher Rob Hepworth (Mark Stanley) is another one who could croak it given his hot temper with odds of 7/1. Some are speculating Rob might have other motives after befriending Ryan when he found out his father was in prison and the teen faced getting booted out of his home by his grandmother Catherine if he continued to see Tommy. Then there’s Ann Gallagher (Charlie Murphy), who was kidnapped and raped by Tommy in season one but managed to stand firm in the face of danger. She joined the CID in a new role but continued to be haunted by her ordeal after she discovered Ryan had been visiting Tommy with the policewoman getting odds of 14/1. Teen Ryan has odds of 20/1 of being killed off, which makes him more unlikely to be murdered. But there is still a chance given his father Tommy did try to kill him in season one and also his connection to Catherine could make him a target. DON'T MISS...Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [INSIGHT]John Lydon shares heartbreaking health update on wife [VIDEO]Prince Harry’s threats to Royal Family are ‘tantamount to blackmail’ [ANALYSIS] Catherine’s sister Clare Cartwright (Siobhan Finneran) has odds of 25/1 but is again something of an outsider and generally has low-level stakes as a recovering heroin addict. Finally, the character least likely to be meeting his maker is Tommy with odds of 33/1, which seems surprising because of his links to the local mafia and previous encounters with Catherine. Tommy could be protected by the Knezevics if he keeps quiet about witnessing a murder, otherwise he could end up in a ditch like the skeleton found at the start of the series. A Paddy Power spokesperson said: “PC Catherine Cawood may be closing in on her retirement, but our traders suspect that she might not make to the Himalayas, as planned. “As the 6/4 favourite to die during season three, it looks like the Valley might not be so ‘happy’ for poor Catherine.” This is all speculation and theories with Happy Valley fans only finding out who makes it when the series finale airs in a couple of weeks. Happy Valley season 3 airs on BBC One on Sundays at 9pm For more information about PaddyPower, please visit games.paddypower.com