Tom Landon was arrested after six British children were found living in a cellar in Austria. The alleged Holocaust denier was detained after allegedly attacking two social workers who had come to question him in the village of Obritz. The six children, who are believed to be his, have all been taken into care, the Daily Mail reports. Landon is a conspiracy theorist and author of several self-published books denouncing the country’s government The cellar was discovered after authorities were tipped off by neighbours who reported hearing children's voices but went silent whenever someone came near. Police arrived and stormed the cellar where they found Landon, his 40-year-old partner and the six children, all aged between seven months and five. Several guns were also found inside the property. Deputy mayor of Obritz, Erich Greil, told The Sunday Times Landon was not from the town and had only been there "for a short time". he said: "Before that, he apparently lived in England. I think he worked in the IT sector.” He also told local media that Landon "wanted a cellar for each child". Authorities are now working to identify the children and where they were born, but reports suggest they were born in Britain. Landon's self-published books include Red Sow, Dirty Justice, The Judas Principle and The Destructive Effect of Information Technology on Human Intellectual Development. He is also listed as the director of two firms, one of which has since been dissolved. Landon reportedly told police he planned to stay in the cellar for a day or two further. But it is believed they had been living in the property, which has water, and electrity and was fitted with doors and windows, for as long as nine months. Austrian press reported that Landon has links with the Austrian offshoot of the German Reichsbürger movement, a group of right-wing extremists who deny the existence of Germany's post-war government and believed the German empire still exists. Comparisons of the case have been drawn to that of Josef Fritzel, who was jailed in 2009 after keeping his daughter captive for 24 years.