Deadline day has shaped up to be a sensational day of drama, with every Premier League club linked with targets and on the lookout for bargains to plug holes in their squads. Despite what managers will say in press conferences, all will know that they could improve their squads further on Tuesday and have a shortlist of targets that could be pursued. Additionally, the consequences of other moves could see different players come available. So, who will each Premier League club be looking to sign on deadline day? Express Sport takes a look… AFC Bournemouth – Hamed Junior Traore (Sassuolo) Bournemouth are hoping to acquire the services of a winger this month, and they have turned their attention away from Roma’s Nicolo Zaniolo and to Hamed Junior Traore of Sassuolo. The winger was on the radar of several top clubs previously and has the potential to provide a bright spark in the final third for the Cherries. Arsenal – Jorginho (Chelsea) After Brighton made it clear Arsenal would not be getting Moises Caicedo this month, Edu moved quickly to open up negotiations with Chelsea for Jorginho. The Italian, whose contract was expiring in the summer, now looks set to cross the divided with talks progressing fast. Mikel Arteta will not only be bolstering his midfield options with a solid Premier League player but he'll also be getting an experienced and perennial winner, which will no doubt be important as they look to claim an unlikely title this season. Aston Villa – Matteo Guendouzi (Marseille) Upon his arrival at Aston Villa, Unai Emery reportedly prioritised reuniting with Marseille’s Matteo Guendouzi. The former Arsenal star is a key player for the French side, though it is important that the Villa board acquire his services to prove they are willing to back their new manager. Brentford – Ross Stewart (Sunderland) Brentford have kept their business minimal this month, though signing Sunderland star Ross Stewart would be an acute piece of business. The striker has scored 10 and assisted three in 13 Championship appearances so far this season and would be excellent cover for Ivan Toney. The forward sustained a major achilles injury recently which could prove to be a deterrent for the Bees though, despite their interest in the 26-year-old. Brighton – Mykola Matviyenko (Shakhtar Donetsk) With Brighton insisting that they are not selling Caicedo, their priority is signing a left-sided central defender. Roberto De Zerbi has insisted that he would like to reunite with Mykola Matviyenko this month and talks have been ongoing with Shakhtar Donetsk for weeks. Chelsea – Enzo Fernandez (Benfica) After failed negotiations earlier this month, Chelsea have returned to Benfica with an almighty offer for Enzo Fernandez. The World Cup-winning star is seen as one of the brightest talents in Europe and would cap off a jam-packed window for the Blues. Crystal Palace – Sacha Boey (Galatasaray) Patrick Vieira has reportedly made it clear that he is unhappy with the lack of signings Crystal Palace have made this month, and the very least he will be hoping for before 11pm is a midfielder and a right-back. Galatasaray fullback Sacha Boey has been heavily linked with a move to Selhurst Park this month and could be attainable in the latter stages of deadline day. Everton – Conor Gallagher (Chelsea) Despite Conor Gallagher reportedly turning his nose up at the chance to sign for Everton, Sean Dyche will be hoping he can work his magic on the England international. The Chelsea star has clearly been identified as a top target for the former Burnley boss and would be a statement signing. Fulham – Cedric Soares (Arsenal) Arsenal star Cedric Soares has agreed to join Fulham this month, though the deal is being halted due to there already being two loanees at the club from Premier League sides – Shane Duffy and Dan James. The Portuguese star may be forced to make a permanent move to Craven Cottage as a result. Leeds United – Nicolo Zaniolo (Roma) The Tottenham target has been banished from Roma's first team and is destined for a deadline-day move to the Premier League. He has already turned down a move to Bournemouth but Leeds may be able to strike a deal after reportedly making contact with his agents. Leicester City – Harry Souttar (Stoke City) With Caglar Soyuncu leaving at the end of the season, replacing the centre-back is a priority for Brendan Rodgers. Stoke star Harry Souttar has been identified by Leicester as an ideal candidate and talks will continue with the Championship side. Liverpool – Sander Berge (Sheffield United) Despite Fulham and Newcastle showing interest in Sheffield United’s Sander Berge, Liverpool could be hoping to make Anfield his destination. They are long-term admirers of the midfielder and could be available for a reasonable fee given that the Blades are desperate to sell him this month. Manchester City – Antonee Robinson (Fulham) The imminent departure of Joao Cancelo to Bayern Munich could leave Manchester City in the market for a quick fix for their fullback vacancy. They have been speculatively linked with USA international Antonee Robinson, who is enjoying an impressive campaign with Fulham and has all the attributes of a wingback. It could prove difficult to negotiate with Fulham given they are in the European conversation currently, but it should not be ruled out entirely. Manchester United – Marco Asensio (Real Madrid) Real Madrid star Marco Asensio has struggled for minutes at the Santiago Bernabeu, reportedly capturing the attention of Manchester United. Erik ten Hag would like to sign another forward before the window closes and the versatility of Asensio is likely to prove attractive. Newcastle – Youri Tielemans (Leicester City) With Jonjo Shelvey set to leave the club, Newcastle are looking at Youri Tielemans as a replacement this month. The Belgium midfielder could be offloaded for the right price despite how late it is in the window given that he will leave the King Power Stadium at the end of the season. The Magpies are long-term admirers of the midfielder and are weighing up their options. Nottingham Forest – Felipe (Atletico Madrid) Nottingham Forest have welcomed a staggering amount of new signings since being promoted to the Premier League, and that trend won’t stop on deadline day. They are reportedly in talks to sign Atletico Madrid star Felipe, who was linked with Wolves previously, and feel his experience could be key in their bid for survival. Southampton – Moussa Dembele (Lyon) Southampton have submitted a £3million bid for Lyon star Moussa Dembele, with the hope of securing his signature for a minimal fee. The Frenchman was resigned to becoming a free agent at the end of the season, though the Saints have sensed an opportunity and are hoping to pounce. Tottenham – James Maddison (Leicester City) Aside from Sporting’s Porro, Tottenham are hoping to acquire a creative player before the window slams shut. Antonio Conte’s side are crying out for a No 10 and could be tempted by a player like James Maddison, who is attracting plenty of interest at Leicester. West Ham – Hakim Ziyech (Chelsea) Moroccan playmaker Hakim Ziyech has been deemed surplus to requirements at Chelsea, reportedly capturing the attention of West Ham. The versatile forward could be available on a loan deal or permanently if the Hammers decide that they lack another option in the final third in their survival push. However, PSG seem to be the player's priority and talks are said to be at an advanced stage already. Wolves – Michail Antonio (West Ham) Michail Antonio has been vocal about how he would be willing to leave West Ham this month, prompting Wolves to make an enquiry. The Molineux are desperate for another goalscorer if they are to survive this season and could deem the Jamaica international as a solid option.