The stylish Queen Consort is rarely pictured sans jewellery, and there are a few pieces that make an appearance again and again. What is the go-to accessory never far from Camilla's wrist? Time and time again, the royal opts to wear one specific bracelet by French designer Van Cleef & Arpels. This is the Vintage Alhambra Bracelet with Five Motifs in 18K yellow and gold. Camilla's particular bracelet - featuring five blue four-leaf clover motifs - is not currently available. However, the accessory is currently sold on the official website in a variety of colours, with white gold, yellow gold and rose gold chains available. READ MORE: Kate's style choice that Diana wouldn't have gone for - pictures  As for the motifs, these are a stunning variety of Mother-of-pearl, Diamond, Carnelian, Malachite, Chalcedony and Onyx. Camilla's particular bracelet costs a whopping £4,250, but others on the site are between £3,750 and £29,300. So why does the Queen Consort favour this particular jewel and wear it time and time again when she likely has access to so many lavish accessories? The official Van Cleef & Arpels website explained the symbolism between the piece. It stated: "From the bangles of Van Cleef & Arpels' Perlée collection to Alhambra's flexible jewellery creations, these fine bracelets offer a wide variety of forms to embellish the wrist. "Juxtaposed in elegant combinations, they create a wealth of delicate possibilities." "Faithful to the very first Alhambra jewel created in 1968, the Vintage Alhambra creations by Van Cleef & Arpels are distinguished by their unique, timeless elegance. "Inspired by the clover leaf, these icons of luck are adorned with a border of golden beads." READ MORE: Kate Middleton wears Gucci blouse back to front twice - pictures  Speaking about the yellow gold and Carnelian version, Selfridges called the bracelet "meticulously handcrafted". "Defined by the lucky-charm clover motif that would become a house signature, the Alhambra collection was first launched by Van Cleef & Arpels in 1968. "A symbol for fortune, health and love ever since, though the design has continued to evolve, this Vintage Alhambra bracelet stays true to the iconic original." Camilla's Vintage Alhambra Bracelet with Five Motifs is not the Queen Consort's only jewel by the famous French designer. She also has a pair of green four-leaf clover gold and emerald drop earrings - presumably clip-on as the royal does not have her ears pierced - and a matching necklace. Camilla is rarely spotted without a pair of clip-on earrings, although she famously told Vogue that she will never get her ears pierced. She told the publication: "No, I’m not going to give it to myself for a 75th birthday present. "[The grandchildren] will try to persuade me, but nothing’s going to pierce my ears.” She typically wears a pair of diamond and pearl drop earrings and is also famous for her statement pearl necklaces include her three-stranded Necklace with Gold, Aquamarine, and Diamond Clasp and one of her favourites, the Four-Stranded Necklace with Round Diamond Clasp.