Facial sagging is a natural occurrence of ageing that involves the skin, muscles and bone support. Typically, as everyone gets older, skin elasticity and volume are lost, resulting in jowls on the jawline, and looser skin underneath the chin. Karin, founder and lead instructor of Glowinface Face Yoga programmes shared her five-step routine to “deal with jowls and a double chin”. In a recent Instagram video, Karin said: “Let’s talk about sagging jawline and jowls - why do they appear? There are many reasons, but let's talk about the three most important ones.” 1. Bad neck posture If your head and neck are always angled downwards, “the muscles behind [on the neck and top of shoulders] are going to become super tense, while the muscles in front [front of the neck and under chin], super weak”, she explained. 2. Bad mouth posture “If we walk around with an open mouth, our face will grow downwards, it has no support,” Karin commented READ MORE: 3 ‘outdated’ hairstyles women 40+ should avoid as 'they age you' 3. Gravitation “Ageing process and gravitation, which starts at the top of your head and presses the muscles down, because the muscles are closely interconnected, they affect each other,” she added. “If you are not working your facial muscles out, you will get an accumulation of skin around the mouth and jawline.” Aside from expensive serums, creams, tweakments or plastic surgery, there is another way to reduce the appearance of a sagging jawline and jowls. DON'T MISS...Keep bread fresh for 3 weeks with handy food storage hacks [GUIDE]What the Year of the Rabbit has in store for all 12 animal signs [HOROSCOPE]Everything you need to know before starting a juice diet [EXPERT] In another video, Karin demonstrated how to use the Glowin cupping ball to massage under the chin and neck area. 1. Apply facial oil all over, including the chin and neck. 2. Using a cupping ball, position and press the ball in the middle, under your chin.3. In circular movements, massage from underneath the chin to under the ear, following your jawline. Use firm pressure and twist the ball in a circular motion as you move.  4. Take it behind the ear lobe then massage it down the neck. 5. Repeat on the other side. READ MORE: Four ‘very anti-ageing’ face massages that ‘help prevent wrinkles’ As for how long it takes to see results, Karin exclusively told Express.co.uk: “Muscles on your face are small and closely connected, so you don’t have to spend hours to see and feel the results. “You will already see and feel the difference right after you complete the first three exercises of our online workout, but it will take up to 14 days to see permanent results. “Keep in mind that everyone’s face structure is different, and results differ based on people’s gravitation type, habits, and dedication. “Like with body exercise also with face yoga the results will show faster if you are eating healthy, sleep well, and if you take care of yourself emotionally,” she added. “Stress and other emotions show on your face more than you think. Our face is the fastest-changing part of us. So keep in mind that your progress may vary from day to day too. “We encourage you to take photos of your face before you start with your program and then at the end of one of our programmes. “If you are going to work out regularly, you are going to be impressed!” Karin and Glowinface have created a Face Yoga Beginners Programme. It is the first in a series of online programmes, and is “the best place to start your rejuvenation journey”. You will learn how to “train more than 50 muscles in your face, neck and skull”.