Arsenal are confident of signing Mykhaylo Mudryk in time for him to make his debut against rivals Manchester United next weekend. That's according to a new report which says the Gunners hope to wrap up the Ukrainian's arrival in the coming days. The Gunners host United at the Emirates a week on Sunday and remain in discussions over an £80million deal to bring Mudryk to England. Shakhtar Donetsk and Arsenal are still yet to agree on the finer points of the deal but it is anticipated a final agreement is imminent. The Times say Arsenal will pay around £50million upfront to Shakhtar Donetsk with the rest of the deal made up in add-ons. Those additional clauses are likely to include pay-outs for Arsenal winning the Premier League and qualifying for the Champions League. Mudryk has already agreed a five-year contract with the north Londoners having made it clear, repeatedly, on social media that he wants the move. The Ukraine international has previously posted himself watching Arsenal matches and is a big fan of Mikel Arteta and his team. MUST READ: Arsenal miss Mykhaylo Mudryk deadline as Man Utd become next target The 22-year-old has scored 10 goals and contributed eight assists in 18 matches for Shakhtar this season. Shakhtar sit five points behind league leaders Dnipro-1 and dropped from the Champions League into the Europa League after finishing third behind Real Madrid and RB Leipzig. Arteta installed Mudryk as his top January target as he looks to strengthen his options in attack. The pacey eastern European winger is predominantly a left-sided winger but can also play on the right. And he could make his very first outing as an Arsenal player against the in-form United if the deal gets across the line in time. Arteta has been deliberately coy in the media when asked about Mudryk. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'open transfer talks' with PSV as Boehly eyes more signingsWout Weghorst's first words as Man Utd announce January signingLeandro Trossard transfer saga takes twist as Brighton star leaves UK But he said on Thursday: "We can't talk about players, there is interest in things we would like to do. We are a bit short, we are trying." Before that, he'd said: "We can afford to get a striker for sure if we want one, I don't know if he plays in League Two, in League Five, in Spain, in Portugal, in Africa. "We can get a striker I can guarantee you that. But what we can not afford to do is get a player here that is not for us. This is what we can not afford, that is for sure. We don't need a body, we need players that make the team better. I think personalities that have the mentality that we want to win." Arsenal face Tottenham this Sunday but even if Mudryk were to join today (Saturday) he would not be eligible to make his debut against Spurs. The deadline to register him in time with the Premier League passed at Friday midday.