Maintaining a youthful, contemporary appearance isn't just about skincare, but rather your overall look. Sarah Hill is a 40-year-old "anti-ageing hair and skin" expert whom fans say looks as though she is in her 20s. In a video posted to her TikTok page @sarahhill920, the influencer shared "three anti-ageing hair care tips" which she says can improve the health of your hair and reduce the risk of breakage. Rather than suggesting a specific shampoo or hair treatment, Sarah says you need to look at something far simpler. "If you do not have a water softener at your home, a shower head filter is key," she explained. According to Sarah, washing your hair with hard water can cause major damage to your locks. She continued: "Even if you have city water and you don't have well water there is still magnesium and calcium in that water that can wreak havoc on your hair. READ MORE: Woman says she has 'vicious' mother-in-law sending 'broken presents'  "Hard water is more damaging to our hair than bleach so get a shower head filter." If you aren't sure about the hardness of the water in your area, Sarah recommended: "Grab some water test strips on Amazon and test your shower water with those." Sarah also recommends always making sure your hair is fully dry after showering before you go to bed. "Stop going to bed with wet hair," she urged viewers. I know it's hard, especially if you shower at night and you want to use lay down in bed but friction on your pillow and your sheets and all of the things are going to cause your hair to break and snap. "Wet hair is way more fragile and way more prone to breaking and snapping than dry hair." DON'T MISS'Super flattering' hair colour 'is making a comeback' in 2023 [COMMENT]Stylist shares key question to ask hairdresser before dying grey hair [EXPLAINER]Woman, 72, 'barely looks 40' and uses 'wrinkle-fighting' banana tip [VIDEO] Research conducted by the Sleep Foundation highlights that sleeping with wet hair "may increase the likelihood of waking up with tangled or broken strands". Although most hair has the ability to be stretched by approximately 30 percent of its length without causing serious damage, the experts note: "The added friction from sleeping on a pillow with wet hair may also make things worse, pulling some strands of hair farther than their elasticity allows, leading to breakage." And if you are hoping to grow your hair, Sarah recommends treating your scalp to a massage daily. "Make sure you are doing really good scalp massage with a good hair oil at least once a day," she said. "It's really good for growth." Viewers were left amazed by how youthful Sarah looked in the video. Michelle commented: "You certainly don’t look 40! You look so much younger for sure." Another fan named Jenn added: "You look in your 20s." Elsewhere on TikTok, hair expert Shauna Thersea shared an easy scalp massage which can be done just before you go to bed to encourage growth. "A study that was done showed that in just 24 weeks after four minutes of daily massage the diameter of the hair follicle increases," she said in a video posted to her page @shaunathersea1. "Take pressure from your fingertips, your knuckles or your palms and gently move the skin. "This is going to stimulate more circulation and help to really get nutrients and oxygen and blood to your hair follicles. "And if you want to give it an added boost you can try the inversion massage which basically just means you are going to tip your head over and do the same massage while your head is down."