Prince Harry's appearance on the American late-night TV show with Stephen Colbert was "a bit cringe," according to a leading royal commentator. The Duke of Sussex was criticised for demeaning himself and his position with the "embarrassing" appearance. Harry's stop at the late-night programme at CBS followed his earlier appearances on Britain’s ITV and America’s current affairs series 60 Minutes. The Daily Mail’s Royal Editor Rebecca English said the appearance was slightly humiliating for the royal. She told Palace Confidential: "It was a bit cringe if we are going to be honest. "They wanted to round off the week of interviews with something a bit less intense." Ms English said the opening skit of the programme was "very embarrassing". JUST IN: Queen's ex-press secretary demands apology for claim in Harry's book  The show started with Harry being greeted by two trumpeters in uniform at the CBS Studios in New York. He says: “Stephen, not needed, but thank you, I appreciate it" to which Colbert responds: “What are you talking about? This isn’t for you. Wait, out of the way. He’s coming!” Hollywood star Tom Hanks then appeared prompting Harry to throw petals over him. Ms English commented: "I don't want to be po-faced about it because actually, Harry came across very well on this programme. "He came across as very open and warm.  "But it was a bit 'end of the pier show' for a member of the Royal Family. "If that's the route he wants to go down - I'm not sure that's the right decision." During Palace Confidential, Ms English remarked on Harry's "obsession" with his brother, Prince William. DON'T MISS: Harry has 'the courage to be himself' as 'dull' royals blasted [REACTION]Prince Harry mocked on Jimmy Kimmel as US audience howls with laughter [VIDEO]Meghan's own memoir predicted to be Sussexes' next PR move [INSIGHT]  She said: "It’s obsessional his relationship with his brother in this book and it’s quite disturbing actually in parts. "He really has barely a nice word to say about his brother, it gives Cain and Abel a run for its money. "It doesn’t strike me as healthy at all." Harry’s tell-all memoir has already become the fastest-selling non-fiction book of all time, after selling 1.43 million copies during its first day on sale in the UK, US, and Canada. Spare sees the Duke of Sussex launch a host of accusations against the Royal Family, with Prince William, Kate Middleton and Camilla Queen Consort coming in for strong criticism. 