Alongside a higher number of people waiting once around the clock to be seen, the data also shows ambulance response times at record highs. The data shows that ambulances responding to the most urgent calls are taking around 10 minutes and 57 seconds, the worst performance to date. These dire figures come at a time when the NHS is experiencing a wave of problems from staff shortages to strikes, from twindemics to political pressure. Nurses, ambulance drivers, and other medical personnel have all taken the decision to strike over pay and working conditions. Their unions have called on the Government to increase their pay so that it rises closer to the rate of inflation. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak promises 'not to let Britons down' in latest speech  Despite the mountain of challenges sitting heavily on the NHS, there has been some positive news. Figures released showed the NHS's waiting lists has fallen for the first time since the pandemic began. The list had dropped by more than 30,000 patients in a month and a record number of tests and checks were carried out by staff during the month of November. On cancer, the NHS said a record number of patients were checked and treated for teh disease, with 90 percent starting within a month. This is one glimmer of progress in a sea of worsening conditions and crises.  In a statement, Professor Stephen Powis, NHS National Medical Director, said: "As staff responded to record A&E attendances, 999 calls and emergency ambulance call outs as the ‘twindemic’ lead to unprecedented levels of respiratory illness in hospital, they also continued to deliver for patients with more people than ever before receiving diagnostic tests and cancer treatment. “These figures show just how hard our staff are working, not only in the face of extreme pressure but also in bringing down the covid backlogs and checking more people for cancer than ever before in one month. “The NHS will keep its foot on the accelerator to continue to make progress on the covid backlog and hospitals have today been asked to ensure anyone waiting longer than 18 months has their treatment booked in before March. “While services continue to be pressured, it’s important the public continue to play their part by using the best services for their care – using 999 in an emergency and otherwise using 111 online and by getting their vaccinations if eligible.”  Despite the fall in the waiting lists, the sharp rise in the number of people waiting more than 12 hours in A&E is cause for concern for patients and officials alike, the winter isn't over yet. Already, the public are seeing the ramifications of this unprecedented health crisis with some patients dying before an ambulance can reach them. In response, the Government has put in more funding, enacted emergency measures, and is moving new legislation to help ease the impact of future strikes. However, this proposed legislation has been criticised for being 'anti-strike' and putting workers rights at risk. The Government continues to defend its position despite the threat of legal challenges.