Millions of Britons who depend on Working Tax Credits, Child Tax Credits or Universal Credit are losing out on a savings account offering them a 50 percent bonus. Help to Save accounts were launched in 2018, but statistics show around three million people in the UK haven't opened one and are walking away from free cash. Help to Save acounts were introduced to help those on Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) benefits put money away for the unexpected or start a rainy day fund. The scheme matches 50p for every £1 invested by the individual - so if someone puts away the maximum of £50 a month for four years, they will receive a total bonus of £1,200 from the Government. It's by far the best savings rate currently available but lack of participation could be due to people not being able to put money away during these difficult economic times. However, people don't have to save £50 every month and can choose to save between £1 and £50 each month depending on their circumstances. READ MORE: One of 'highest paying' savings account is offering 4.55% interest  Although not everyone has taken advancatage of one of these accounts, more than 90 percent of account holders are saving the maximum of £50 each month. DON'T MISS:Premium Bonds winner in 'disbelief' after £1million prize win [NSIGHT]Households may be able to claim refund on their TV Licence [UPDATE]Benefit payments for pensioners to increase in 2023 [ALERT] Who is eligible for a Help to Save account? Britons are eligible to open a Help to Save account if they are:  Meanwhile, more than one million Britons (1.3 million) aren’t receiving the Universal Credit payments they are entitled to since the last change to the taper rate, according to data from the New Economics Foundation. The changes to the earning threshold meant that rather than lose 63p of benefits for every extra pound earned, people would lose 55p. In addition, Universal Credit claimants and people on other benefits could get 23 freebies worth thousands in 2023. Not only could they get help towards energy bills but they could also be entitled to other discounts such as £10,000 to pay for a new boiler or home insulation.   Universal Credit claimants can claim more than 23 DWP benefits and freebies such as: 