Cristiano Ronaldo cut a frustrated figure once again as the Portuguese superstar's struggles in front of goal continued for Al-Nassr in their 3-1 defeat to Al-Ittihad. The former Manchester United forward is yet to find the net in a competitive match since his mega-money move to Saudi Arabia and he endured another disappointing game for his new club on Thursday. Ronaldo put pen to paper on a two-year deal worth £175million-a-year with the Saudi Pro League outfit in December after terminating his contract at Old Trafford. The contract makes him the highest-paid player in the history of football, but so far Al-Nassr have not got a return on their huge investment. All eyes were fixated on Ronaldo as the two sides contested the Saudi Super Cup semi-final in front of the packed King Fahd International stadium in Riyadh, with fans desperate to see their star striker open his account. Instead, more questions may be asked about whether bringing in the five-time Ballon d'Or winner was the right decision. It was the Brazilian forward Romarinho who struck first, putting Al Ittihad in front after 15 minutes with a stabbed finish as the team managed by former Tottenham coach Nuno Espirito Santo dominated proceedings. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo has new rival in Odion Ighalo as 'threat' discussed Ronaldo was often accused for failing to press high when leading the line for United last season, but the Portuguese made an effort to win the ball back high up the pitch only for Luiz Gustavo's pass to go astray on the turnover. The 37-year-old superstar came close to registering his first goal in Saudi Arabian football when he met the cross from the right, but he saw his effort blocked at point-blank range by the goalkeeper. Seconds after that golden chance, Ittihad hit them on the counter with Romarinho turning provider this time for Abderrazak Hamdallah, who headed home expertly to double their lead. Ronaldo was seen gesturing to his team-mates, trying to lift them in his new role as captain, as they tried to mount a comeback. But armed with a noisy home support and the best chances of the game, Ittihad were certainly in the ascendancy. DON'T MISSCristiano Ronaldo punched by former team-mate and given black eye Even when presented with the chance to score from an acute angle with a free-kick on the edge of the box, the veteran superstar's whipped effort cleared the crossbar as those who got their phones out to film the occasion were left disappointed. Al-Nassr did finally find a way back into the match when Anderson Talisca swept home a low effort to ensure a grandstand finish with 20 minutes to go. But with Ronaldo hardly involved in the second half, Rudi Garcia's men struggled for inspiration to find an equaliser and were exposed on the counter as Ittihad finished the tie with a third in stoppage time through Muhannad Al-Shanqeeti. It leaves Ronaldo still without a competitive goal in his second appearance for his new club, and he will be keen to ensure his adventure in the Arabian gulf doesn't quickly turn into a nightmare by ending his goal drought soon.