Whitney Sharpe from Boston recorded herself calling out a group of men she was on a work call with after their "locker room talk" about her looks was accidentally shared on screen. The 28-year-old vice president of a company asked the men if she could work with a female colleague at the end of the 15-minute work meeting. She shared herself saying to the men on the call: "I don't want to see lockerroom talk about myself when you are sharing your screens. So if we are going to move forward I would like to work with an account rep that's maybe a woman." One of the men interrupted Whitney as she was saying: "I know it was a mistake." He interjected with: "That was inexcusable." He continued to try and interject as Whitney went on: "I just don’t want to see locker room talk about myself. I like the product. I know it’s good, I know it’s tried and true but I just want to work with a woman moving forward if possible." The same man said again: "That was inexcusable, regardless of whether there was a mistake sharing the screen it shouldn’t be talked about so apologies on that." Shockingly, Whitney has claimed she was later contacted by the company and told it does not employ any women "skilled enough" to work with her. Whitney said the company's male CEO called and apologised, with a lawyer on the call, but Whitney said it was "cold" and "didn’t feel sincere." Since, Whitney's company has decided not to employ the potential client from the call. In a follow-up TikTok video, Whiteny has said the company on the call should "maybe not hire misogynistic p***** to represent their company out in the field. Maybe hire smarter people who know how to share their screens since that’s part of their freaking job." The original video has had 2M views and has been widely praised, with people wowed by Whitney's professionalism in the face of inexcusable work behaviour. Whitney said of the incident: "I was horrified because I have worked so hard to get to the point where I’m at in my career. I’m a vice president at my company and I’m one of the highest-up women at my company.  "And I feel like I have to work so much harder to prove that I am smart because of the way that I look, and it was just really disheartening to be in a call with a potential vendor where they’re not valuing my company. They don’t really value what I have to say. They value what I look like." Whitney told BuzzFeed News she was on a Zoom call when the three male potential clients she was speaking with accidentally shared a screen they weren’t supposed to. This showed messages in Microsoft Teams between the three men making unprofessional remarks about Whitney, including calling her a “f******* bombshell.”  Many commenters noted that none of the men on the original call said sorry to Whitney for their behaviour. CC wrote: "Ya know, I’ve still not heard the words 'I AM SORRY'." Another, Nute, said: "I’m hearing it’s 'inexcusable' and no apology as he doesn’t want to accept the fault…" Others praised Whitney's professionalism. Lexi said: "WTG (way to go) girl! I also work in a male-dominated industry and have been at it for 24 years. I have faced much of this myself, and it is extremely frustrating." Another wrote, "You have class and grace and strength. Thank you", while Tracey said, "Love that you called them out! You deserve respect." User Jesskahhh said: "Incredible composure & professionalism. I hope you are doing well, I’m sorry this happened to you." Abigail Rose wrote: "I'm so impressed with you. don't know if I could have been as composed as you. so much respect to you. I want to be you when I grow up."