Power cuts on the national grid plunged hundreds of households across England and Wales into darkness earlier this morning. The outages began last night — with the National Grid specifically acknowledging the issues affecting homes in Worksop, in the East Midlands; Newport, Wales; and Newquay in Cornwall. In these cases, power was restored to the affected areas within a few hours of it being acknowledged. Express.co.uk have approached the National Grid for comment. While this morning’s cuts seem to have affected a swathe of the UK running south west–north east, recurring power cuts have also been reported in the central capital. In London, Maurice Cousins tweeted: “Second power cut in the W2 in four weeks. Both linked to a poorly maintained underground cable. “Why didn’t @UKPowerNetworks fix it properly the first time?” In response, UK Power Networks said: “We’re very sorry for the disruption there this morning Maurice. “Engineers are now on site investigating and at this stage we’re estimating to have the power back on between 07.30 and 8.30.” These power cuts were unplanned and unrelated to the so-called Demand Flexibility Service, which sees households paid to encouraged to take a variety of energy saving measures at peak times. According to the Met Office, more power cuts could be on the way for parts of the UK today as a result of anticipated severe weather conditions. While heavy rain is forecast across the board today, meteorologists have issued a yellow warning for parts of northwest England and Wales. The Met Office said: “Persistent heavy rain may lead to some disruption on Tuesday.” Those living in affected areas, they added, should expect “Flooding of a few homes and businesses” as well as delays to routine bus and train services and longer car journeys as a consequence of spray and flooding on roads.” Finally, they warned, “Some interruption to power supplies and other services [is] possible.” It adds: "Rain will spread eastwards across southwest Wales during Tuesday morning, becoming heavy and persistent for time. Rainfall totals of 20-30mm are expected over a 2 to 3 hour period which may lead to some surface water and travel disruption." READ MORE: Shutting down technology properly could save you £147 The yellow warnings stand in place from 6am this morning to 8pm tonight, and covers areas ranging from the Lake District to Derby — including Liverpool and Manchester — alongside the majority. Today will not see the end of the week’s inclement weather, however, with Met Office forecasts predicting heavy showers and strong winds tomorrow. They added that “further rain and strong winds” will continue, moving in a northeasterly direction, across Thursday. In fact, forecasters have said that unsettled weather with showers and longer spells of rain are likely across the country for the next two weeks. DON'T MISS:Flybe apologises as airport shuts ahead of first UK space launch [REPORT]Households resort to burning cat litter due to wood pellet shortage [INSIGHT]AI robot can 'sense anxiety' and talk about how the world will end [ANALYSIS] The Met Office also has some advice on how to prepare for — and handle — a power cut. It is wise, they said, to keep a supply of torches and batteries to hand in the event of an emergency, and to ensure that you keep your mobile phone charged so that you can still make calls, in an emergency situation, should the power supply fail. The Met Office added: “If electricity is crucial for any medical equipment you have, please contact your distribution network operator […] as they may be able to put you on their priority register for assistance during any power outage.” In the event that a blackout strikes, they continued, it is best to keep fridges and freezers closed — as so they remain cold — look out for any senior or vulnerable neighbours, and switch off appliances like irons, ovens, electric fires, etc. so that they don’t pose a potential hazard when the power is restored.   