Chelsea are continuing with their attempts to convince Mason Mount to sign a new long-term contract with the club as reports suggest Liverpool could launch a bid in the summer transfer window. The England international has only 18 months left on his current deal and talks have stalled over a renewal, with the Blues eager to tie down one of their key players to keep him out of the clutches of their Premier League rivals. Mount has since gone on to make over 150 appearances for the club, making crucial contributions to their Champions League and Club World Cup successes in 2021 and 2022. His importance at Stamford Bridge is recognised by Graham Potter, who is keen for Mount to remain at the club as a central pillar in his Chelsea project. However, demands from Mount's representatives for the midfielder's new deal have caused talks to break down in recent months. The 24-year-old's current deal is believed to be worth around £60,000-a-week after he penned a five-year deal in 2019, having broken into the team when Frank Lampard was in charge. He is thought to be looking for a deal that puts him on the same level as Reece James, who signed a six-year deal worth £250,000-a-week back in September. READ MORE: Chelsea star Mason Mount tipped for Liverpool move as talks stall According to The Guardian, Chelsea 'remain optimistic' that they will convince the Cobham graduate to stay with the club and are preparing to offer fresh terms to convince Mount to commit his future to the club. It comes as Liverpool consider a move for the central midfielder with the two clubs set to meet on Saturday lunchtime at Anfield. Mount, who can play as a No 8 or further forward in the front three, is regarded as the ideal man to help Jurgen Klopp overhaul the base of his midfield. With Jordan Henderson and Thiago Alcantara approaching the latter years of their careers, the England midfielder could prove to be a perfect replacement to carry out Klopp's high-pressing mentality. The Portsmouth-born star knows there would be interest in him from the Premier League's top sides as well as beyond into Europe's elite if he refuses to sign and it is understood he is keen for the club to 'prove they value him'. In turn, Chelsea are willing to make Mount a lucrative offer that would propel him to becoming one of the club's top earners and talks are set to resume. DON'T MISSLiverpool told Chelsea stance on Mount sale as contract rejectedEngland star Mount rejects £200k-a-week new Chelsea contractKlopp says Mount is worth over £60m as Liverpool eye move Mount, who scored 13 goals last season and laid on 16 assists to record his best goalscoring return for Chelsea, has endured a tough campaign so far and struggled to replicate those figures under Potter, with just three goals and six assists in 26 outings. He has been a source of heavy criticism from fans on social media despite his impressive displays at club level, leading Potter to question why he has proved unpopular with some sections of the club. "It's a joy - he's a fantastic person," Potter said in October when asked about what it is like to work with Mount. "He loves to play football and loves the club. "It's surprising that I get questions on mixed opinion about Mason. "I find that strange, especially from the outside and then when you work with him you see he's got everything you need to be a top, top player. Great attitude, he understands spaces, he can execute assists and score goals. He's top."