Emergency personnel have launched a rescue operation after a train carrying 50 students derailed in Bavaria. Authorities received reports around 7.30am this morning that the vehicle had derailed near the Peiting-Ost train station in the Weilheim-Schongau district as students travelled to school. Local publication Augsburg Allgemeine reported that three people received injuries and others went into shock. Approximately 100 service personnel attended the site and commenced evacuation efforts this morning. They have since cleared the train, with those affected "being cared for". Personnel had initially feared the train had overturned but arrived at the scene to find it had left the tracks upright. Officials are unsure as to how the train derailed and have launched an investigation. READ MORE: Rail unions accused of 'self harm' as strike chaos set to continue So far, rail network Bayerische Regiobahn (BRB), which is responsible for investigating, has confirmed only that the rail track bed sustained damage. Bavarian regional rail company DB-Netz has enacted route closures, with "major disruption" across the service this morning. While the route remains closed, people can catch a replacement bus service between Schongau and Peißenberg. The derailment in Bavaria is the second within a year, following another in mid-2022 that resulted in the deaths of four people. A train, again carrying students, left the tracks after departing Garmisch-Partenkirchen on June 3 last year. The vehicle derailed as it rounded a bend around 1.15pm local time (11.15am GMT) shortly after it left the station en route to Munich. Police confirmed that, alongside the deaths, at least 15 people were injured and in serious condition, children among them. Regional authorities initially suspected a technical fault was to blame. Bavarian transport minister Christian Bernreiter told regional broadcaster BR that a fault "on the vehicle or rail" caused the derailment. He said: "There were no third parties involved here, so one must assume that some technical reason - either on the vehicle or on the rail - was the cause." Emergency workers freed people trapped inside using ladders to climb into upended carriages. Some people were "pulled through the windows" during the rescue efforts.