Manchester United-linked Memphis Depay has reportedly been offered to Premier League rivals Newcastle and Tottenham as Barcelona look to offload the striker. Depay is out of contact at the end of the season and is out of favour under Xavi having made just three starts all season. The Netherlands international was admittedly hit by injuries pre-World Cup but has still racked up just 206 minutes of first-team football since August 13. And Barca are looking to sell Depay before the January transfer window closes as they seek to avoid losing the 28-year-old for free upon the expiry of his contract. And today's issue of the Daily Star reports that Newcastle and Tottenham have both been offered the chance to sign Depay this month. It is claimed the Catalan club are keen to get as much money as they can in for Depay and that the player’s representatives had earmarked a move to Newcastle. The Magpies are looking to qualify for the Champions League under Eddie Howe. Spurs have also been sounded out as a potential landing spot despite the increased competition for attacking places in north London. Atletico Madrid are mentioned as another possible club for Depay but Barca’s hierarchy would prefer to sell him to a club outside of Spain’s top flight. MUST READ: Arsenal decide next move as Mykhaylo Mudryk faces embarrassment  United have been mooted as a contender for their former winger’s signature given their need for a forward. Cristiano Ronaldo cut his contract short at Old Trafford via mutual consent while Anthony Martial has struggled with his fitness this term. The Frenchman had to be withdrawn after 45 minutes of Saturday’s derby win over Manchester City. Erik ten Hag confirmed post-match: “After half-time, we had to sub Martial, he had some complaints, and the game changed.” Tellingly, he praised team-mate Marcus Rashford’s resilience for staying on the pitch despite a hip knock. The Dutch coach said: “You get kicked in a game. It happened and it hurts but you have to keep going. You have to do it to get the right result and performance. “Deal with the painful moment or even if it stays painful the game will go on. That's what he did today and he was rewarded for it. In top football, you have to suffer and sacrifice to get the right result and win something.” DON'T MISS...Arsenal 'make contact' over Raphinha transfer as Chelsea steal MudrykLiverpool 'plot Neves transfer' as chances of Newcastle move ratedChelsea 'put on UEFA watchlist' as they sign Mudryk for £88m fee Depay would be a low-cost option to come in and bolster United's options as they chase down Arsenal at the top of the table. The Gunners are six points ahead at the summit having played one game less than the Red Devils. Depay, who has 43 goals in 86 caps at international level for the Netherlands, of course has already spent time at United earlier in his career. After joining from PSV for £25million, he returned just seven goals and six assists in 53 outings before leaving for Lyon. But he has since rebuilt himself, despite his demise at Barca. He scored 13 goals in 38 games last term for the Spaniards having in 2020-21 scored 22 times and provided a further 12 assists in 40 matches for Ligue 1 side Lyon. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE