The Big Bang Theory is still one of the most popular US sitcoms in history, and many fans around the world are hoping Leonard Hofstadter (played by Johnny Galecki), Sheldon Cooper (Jim Parsons) and the rest of the gang eventually reunite. Fresh from her debut as Abby Stone in NBC’s Night Court revamp, main cast member Melissa Rauch assured fans she would "never say never" to the chance of coming back to the CBS hit. Rauch confirmed she would be open to returning to The Big Bang Theory somewhere down the line, but fans shouldn’t expect season 13 any time soon. Several major sitcoms have had a new lease of life in recent years, including That 70s Show reinventing itself as That 90s Show for Netflix this year. Currently starring in another TV reboot, Night Court, the Big Bang actress considered a reunion during a conversation with one of her co-stars. “The only way that I had the thought was when I was talking to John (Larroquette) about him coming back,” she recalled. READ MORE: Prince Andrew is 'using 'Harry's attacks' to 'clear his name' “I did think about what that would feel like if someone was coming to me 30 years from now asking me if I would come back.” The sitcom star portrays Abby, the daughter of the original Night Court’s iconic judge Harry Stone (Harry Anderson). NBC’s original comedy series wrapped up in 1992, over 30 years before Larroquette would reprise his role as prosecutor Dan Fielding. Larroquette’s long-awaited return to the series prompted Rauch to seriously consider whether something similar could ever happen for The Big Bang Theory several years down the line. “We had those conversations because I wanted him to know that the same way I would want someone to protect the legacy of what I had done with this group of friends years ago, I would want that done for him as well,” she told Looper. “But at this moment, I'd be like, 'Ah, no, ["The Big Bang Theory"] ended so perfectly.' I would never want to tamper with that.” Bernadette, her husband Howard Wolowitz (Simon Helberg) and their friends’ stories all came to an end with the 12th season of the show. Her co-star Parsons ultimately decided it was time for the series to end, and his iconic character Sheldon was finally granted his Nobel Prize in the touching season finale. DON'T MISS:The Blacklist casts Grey’s Anatomy star for season 10 [LATEST]1923’s Spencer won’t return to Duttons in harrowing theory [INSIGHT]Michael Douglas shares reaction to wife's Wednesday role [INTERVIEW] Despite ending for good in 2019, there are still millions of fans worldwide who would jump at the chance to see the core cast sharing the screen again. While a full revival of The Big Bang Theory seems unlikely, for now, Rauch is confident a cast reunion in the same vein as 2021’s Friends special could happen sooner rather than later. “I could see that happening,” she said. “A revival right now, I'd be like, 'Nah, I don't think so.' “But 30 years from now, if someone came knocking on my door the way I did to John - never say never.” A few cast members from the original series have made cameos in CBS’s equally popular prequel series, Young Sheldon, which features Parsons as the narrator. However, the geeky gang is still yet to share the screen again since 2019, so perhaps a reunion for the finale’s five or 10-year anniversary could be in the works. For now, though, Rauch is expecting to stay running the Manhattan Criminal Court’s night shift for some time after presiding over seven and a half million viewers who tuned in to Night Court’s premiere earlier this month. The Big Bang Theory seasons 1-12 are available to stream on Netflix.