The suspected Idaho killer is believed to have joined online groups discussing the killings. Bryan Kohberger is accused of killing four University of Idaho students — Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Madison Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and Kernodle’s boyfriend Ethan Chapin, 20 — in the early morning hours of November 13. Now, former FBI investigator Jennifer Coffindaffer suggested Kohberger was behind social media accounts which made chillingly accurate predictions about the case. A Facebook account, ‘Pappa Rodgers’, and a Reddit account ‘InsideLooking’, made speculations on the case online which continued to be accurate. Ms Coffindaffer agreed with online claims that at least one of the accounts belonged to Kohberger, 28. “He drove his own car, carried his phone, and didn't Clip in his sheath tight enough, so I do believe he could leave a digital trail,' she wrote on Twitter. “He was a hot mess. Intelligence w/no common sense equals a criminal bound to be caught.” In the r/MoscowMurders Reddit group, ‘InsideLooking’ repeatedly posted speculations about the murder even as police remained quiet. One of the posts said: “Killer parked behind the house. Approached property through tree line. Entered sliding door and left it open. “Committed murders and exited sliding door. One knife according to corners [sic] statement. “Time of murder approximately 3:20am - 3:40 am according to car fleeing scene and on camera on highway 8 approximately 3:45am. Vehicle left skid marks upon exit.” The repeated speculation, often proved right, prompted one user to say: “Dude is solving his own crime... Psycho.” READ MORE: 'Blood-stained' mattress hauled out of Idaho house In one post to the group flagged by Coffinadaffer, Rodgers wrote: “Of the evidence released, the murder weapon has been consistent as a large fixed blade knife. This leads me to believe they found the sheath.” In the Facebook group where ‘Pappa Rodgers’ posted, an admin of the group clarified he was never an admin or moderator. Kristine Cameron, who moderates the group, wrote: “He was on her and argued incessantly with people and said some really creepy stuff and posted similar questions to Bryan's crime questions. “We removed Pappa Rodgers at 7:10 the evening before Bryan's arrest. He created a group page and had 6 people in it. “No one has heard from Pappa Rodger since the arrest.” On December 30, police arrested Kohberger, who is now being held in an Idaho jail without bond. He is facing four counts of first-degree murder and burglary with intent to commit murder, and, if convicted on the murder charge, faces life in prison or the death penalty. Kohberger had been living in student housing in Pullman, Washington, about a 10-minute drive from the crime scene. Kohberger is alleged to have stabbed the four victims when they were sleeping between 3.30 and 4.30am on November 13, police say.