Prince Harry has claimed that his father, King Charles III joked to his mother, the late Princess Diana, about delivering a "spare" - the name of his explosive memoir - on the day of his birth. In his explosive new memoir, which will be released on January 10, the Duke of Sussex claims that on the day that he was born, Charles told Diana: "Wonderful! Now you've given me an heir and a spare - my work is done".  The bombshell claim is reportedly made in Harry's upcoming memoir and was leaked to the Guardian. The newspaper reports that the Duke of Sussex was elaborating on the story behind the book's title, Spare. Spare is an old saying in the royal and aristocratic circles. The term means that the first-born son is an heir to royal titles, fortune and power and a second-born son is, therefore a spare, should anything happen to the heir. READ MORE: WATCH William joke he’d ‘obviously’ win in a fight against Harry because he’s ‘bigger’ The new claims in Harry's 416-page read come after he risked deepening the feud by accussing the Royal Family of "leaking and planting" stories to the media in explosive new clips from forthcoming interviews that coincide with the memoir. On Sunday, January 8, Harry will appear in not one, but two, televised interviews. One for ITV and the other for American channel, CBS's show 60 Minutes. Another claim reported by the Guardian was that Harry was physically attacked by William. Harry claimed that he was left with a visible injury after William grabbed him by the collar and knocked him to the floor. READ MORE: Prince Harry reveals the nicknames he and William called each other during furious bust-up According to the Guardian, the scene is "one of many" documented in Spare. The Guardian revealed that it was able to obtain a copy of Spare despite "stringent pre-launch security around the book". The confrontation between the brothers reportedly happened at Nottingham Cottage, in the grounds of Kensington Palace, where Harry claimed he accused William of acting like an heir, unable to understand why his younger brother was not content being a spare.  DON'T MISS Prince Harry's book will be available worldwide from January 10. The book will be available in 16 languages. Prince Harry will also be reading the memoir for the audiobook version. Express.co.uk has contacted Kensington Palace for comment.