EastEnders viewers tuning in to watch the last episode of the week were keen to find out what would be happening next with the Slaters as they come to terms with 12-year-old Lily Slater's (played by Lilia Turner) pregnancy. However, fans of the BBC soap were left distracted and puzzled by something else - the size of the Slater family home. The Albert Square house is currently home to Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner), Jean Slater (Gillian Wright), Freddie Slater (Bobby Brazier), Lily, Arthur Fowler (Rocco Brenner), Hope Fowler (Isabelle Smith) and Alfie Moon (Shane Richie) and Eve Unwin (Heather Peace). During Thursday's instalment, Jean's partner Harvey Monroe (Ross Boatman) announced he is also moving in, which delighted the family. Earlier in the episode, Harvey and Jean had a conversation and she brought up the fact that the Panesars have increased the rent. "We'll muddle through, not as if we haven't been here before," she commented. READ MORE: Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire "I've got a way I could help," Harvey replied, adding: "Well, I pay rent too, right? "So I was thinking maybe my rent money would be better off in your pot, you know?" Jean stared blankly at her partner as Harvey continued: "What I'm trying to say is... maybe I should move in?" He went on: "That way you'd have more money coming in, take the pressure off a bit. "And it's not just to help, obviously. I love being with you, Jean. "And I want to spend my days and my nights with you. I checked with Stacey first, so..." "I've only got a single bed," Jean smiled, to which Harvey replied: "Even better." Later, the couple told the rest of the family about their plan, and a beaming Stacey commented: "Welcome to the family, mate!" DON'T MISS... Jane McDonald apologises while emotional over partner and mother [LATEST]Vera's Brenda Blethyn details 'heartbreak' after co-star's exit [VIDEO]The Masked Singer fans 'work out' identity of Fawn as girl band icon [THEORY] The group raised a glass to Harvey, but fans couldn't help but wonder how on earth the Slaters all manage to live under the same roof. Several took to social media to question the flaw, with Twitter user @ktlulu1985 writing: "How many people live at the Slaters now? "How many bedrooms do they actually have? More to the point, how many bathrooms? #eastenders." @PhilinaNatasha added: "Sorry but how many bedrooms do they have in the slater household?? And where is Harvey sleeping cause it can’t be Jean’s single bed. #Eastenders."  @adorabletarlos asked: "How many bedrooms does the Slater house have?? #Eastenders." "#EastEnders How big are these houses in Albert Square? How many more people can the Slaters squeeze in?" @suzysasha posted. @janwilkins59 penned: "I want to know the secret of these TARDIS houses on the Square, I could make a b****y fortune!! #Eastenders." Others were pleased by the household update, with @sharonsstacey commenting: "Harvey with the Slaters is just perfect #EastEnders." EastEnders continues on Monday at 7.30pm on BBC One. 