Manchester United will travel to Las Vegas for the first time in their history this summer as Erik ten Hag looks to test the discipline in his squad, according to reports. The Red Devils toured Thailand and Australia last summer. And they’re now poised to return to the United States for the first time since the coronavirus pandemic. Ten Hag worked wonders on United’s pre-season tour last summer. Though Alejandro Garnacho was late for a team meeting, the majority of the Red Devils squad rose to the challenge with the team starting to gel and click again following the shambles of the Ralf Rangnick era. Now, according to the Daily Star, United are poised to return to the USA for the first time in five years this summer. It’s said they’ll be touring Las Vegas, with Ten Hag ‘keen to test the discipline’ of his squad ahead of his second season at the helm. Vegas can be a party haven, with many footballers spending their holidays there in recent years. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big The likes of Scott McTominay, Gareth Bale, Jamie Vardy, Raheem Sterling and Jack Grealish have all holidayed their in previous years. United are set to spend three weeks in the States and will also reportedly play in fixtures on both the east and west coasts of the country. They think there is an ‘unstopped commercial market’ in Vegas that United can use to generate more income. Vegas offers many things to do, ranging from drinking to round-the-clock gambling. But United will be there to focus on the football, something Ten Hag will no doubt make clear to the travelling party before they jet off. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see United are also reportedly set to play a game in the Allegiant Stadium against a Premier League rival. The ground has a capacity of 65,000 and is also home of NFL side the Las Vegas Raiders. United, by the time they jet off, will be hopeful of ending their six-year wait for a trophy. The fallen giants are on the verge of reaching the Carabao Cup final, where they’ll face off against either Newcastle or Southampton. They remain in contention for the Premier League and Europa League titles, too. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And they’re also hopeful of winning the FA Cup, having beaten Reading 3-1 on Saturday to make the fifth round of the competition. Speaking after that win, Ten Hag opted to hail Casemiro as his brace propelled the Red Devils to victory. "Yes,” he said when asked if the midfielder had made an even bigger impact than initially expected. “We know he's a great player and that midfield at Real Madrid, with Kroos and Modric, it was great. “He's capable of that [scoring goals]. We see him as a part of it offensively and he enjoys it as well, when he can come [into] it. “What I like is dynamic football with variations, with many positional switches so we have to make the opponent think so that we can take the benefit of it. “Casemiro is magnificent. In front of the back line, always taking good positions, in and out of position. “And he can deal with the ball, he can give the right pass. So, he can accelerate the game and if necessary, he can score."