Novak Djokovic has had enough of being made out to be the "villain" after he felt he was "lynched" during his Australian Open win over Enzo Couacaud and wants an apology from both the ATP and tournament organisers for not stepping in sooner. The former world No 1 could only tolerate so much from a rowdy crowd inside Rod Laver Arena on Thursday night, with a specific group seemingly targeting him throughout the match. He eventually had enough and went on to plead with the umpire to kick the fans out, asking why it took the official so long to do anything about it. Djokovic was eventually able to put the episode behind him to focus on the win and progress to the third round. But it was clear that the saga had affected the tennis icon, who made his point in the Serbian section of his press conference. Djokovic felt compelled to "speak on behalf of the other players" as he felt they were beginning to look like "villains" by being the ones to speak up and get fans kicked out. He added: "Always when someone provokes, he threw something at me for an hour or so, swearing, things related to injury, a person cannot help but react when someone continuously does that for two hours, I looked at him and then at the referee. He gave signs to react, when no one did reacted I went to the judge and now it turns out I'm the bad guy.  "It bothers me that we have to react and everyone can hear. He should anticipate me, why I have to deal with it, he allows the situation again. Why does he allow it, why, why?" Djokovic went on to explain that he wants a "public apology" from tennis' governing bodies over the constant ordeals. "I'm an easy target to be a villain, that's how they present me, it's a normal occurrence for me," he said. "I can't stand injustice, I don't always react, but today I reacted because they exceeded every measure.  "No one will publicly apologise to me, but will they? They are one of the biggest in the world, they should send me a public apology." He added: "Again, I ask questions about why the ATP or the Grand Slam did not come out to explain the situation, that I was lynched, it is constantly repeated that the situation." Prior to his second-round match, Djokovic had also clarified a story from earlier in the week which suggested he 'defied' the umpire by going for a toilet break. Reposting the clip to his Instagram feed, Djokovic was seen attempting to get the umpire's attention three times before running off to the corner on his side of the court. It was then suggested that Djokovic had therefore 'defied' the umpire, but the former world No 1 clarified events, insisting he had been given "permission" but had to "hurry up".