Coco Gauff has urged people to remember that Emma Raducanu is still young and gaining experience on the tour after winning their first meeting 6-3 7-6(4) at the Australian Open. The seventh seed needed an hour and 42 minutes to get past the 2021 US Open champion and later admitted she "felt for" the 20-year-old after having the pressure pile on following her overnight rise to the top of tennis.   Gauff and Raducanu faced off in the second-round of the Australian Open for what even the world No 7 admitted had been one of the most highly-anticipated matches since the draw was released. The 18-year-old was too much for the world No 77 as Raducanu continued to struggle with the remains of an ankle injury she picked up two weeks ago while the American's experience proved valuable. And Gauff has now made a request about Raducanu's own experience as she pleaded with people to remember that the 20-year-old had played just one full season on the pro tour, much like herself. While the American had her breakthrough a lot younger at the age of 15, she couldn't play a full schedule until she turned 18. "Yeah, I definitely feel for her. I guess I can kind of relate," the French Open finalist said of the Brit experiencing her breakthrough as a teenager too. "I feel like she experienced it on a much bigger level than I did. But coming in on tour young, it's a different life from juniors, playing in smaller events, to all of a sudden people knowing your name, people expecting you to win all the time." JUST IN: Medvedev explains mocking Aus Open celebration as he replicates rival   And the former doubles world No 1 issued a stark reminder about Raducanu's steep learning surve, adding: "For me, last year was my first full year on tour. I think last year was her first full year, as well. I think it's something that people need to remember and be reminded of." The British No 1 was just 18 and playing her fourth-ever professional tournament when she won the 2021 US Open, becoming the first qualifier in history to lift a Grand Slam title. But Gauff wanted fans to keep Raducanu's age in mind as she explained that they were both young enough to keep learning and coming back. "I think fans are eager to see a new face of the game. I think it's also a reminder, even if we didn't play tennis, we're just normal teenagers living our life," she explained. "If we made a mistake, people would say, You're just 20, you're 18 years old, you can bounce back. think people need to kind of relate that to tennis, as well. I think tennis is one of those sports, especially in the women's game, used to having young stars. Everybody is expecting everyone to be at the top of their game." The 18-year-old also reflected on her own experienced as a young player, recalling one of her own huge wins at the age of 15 when she upset then-defending champion Naomi Osaka on the same stage at the 2020 Aussie Open, as she admitted she used to try and forget about her age. DON'T MISS'You should ask Nick Kyrgios' - Thanasi Kokkinakis in awkward exchangeAus Open star tells crowd 'shut up' in claim fan had 'too much' beerMurray receives 'red hot' warning from Kokkinakis for Aus Open clash   "I felt like I didn't ever want to use my age as an excuse for losing or why I'm not accomplishing things. I think it was putting too much pressure on myself," she said. "Now I'm taking a step back. Not really looking at my age saying I'm young, I have time. I don't ever want to feel too comfortable. I'm just a believer you never know what can happen in the future." While it took Gauff a while to change her mindset, she also thought Raducanu had already learned the same lessons in her brief time on the tour. She continued: "It's also a balance of accepting that at your age, you're going to make mistakes, accepting that you're learning. I think I appreciate tonight more at 18 than when I beat Naomi at 15 or 16 here, same night session match, 7pm, prime spot on Laver." "Even though that was probably a bigger win for me, I appreciated tonight more because I feel like I'm not in that mindset of I'm supposed to win and I'm supposed to do this and supposed to do that. I'm more just appreciating it match by match. I think that just goes from learning. I think Emma probably feels the same way, at least what I've gotten from listening to her press conferences, as well." 