Manchester United icon Gary Neville skipped working for Sky Sports for Chelsea’s blockbuster clash at home to Manchester City, as colleague Jamie Carragher “grassed” him up live on air prior to the game. The Liverpool man was joined by Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink and Karen Carney instead to cover Pep Guardiola’s side in their attempt to close the gap to Premier League leaders Arsenal. Neville was part of Sky’s coverage for Brentford’s 3-1 win over Liverpool on Monday and the top-of-the-table draw between Arsenal and Newcastle, though was absent for Tottenham’s victory away to Crystal Palace and Thursday’s game as he was on a skiing holiday. After Carragher and Neville were finished discussing the Gunners’ 4-2 win over Brighton on New Year’s Eve, they began previewing Sky’s upcoming games. "I'm off skiing so you've got Jamie for the two games on Wednesday and Thursday," Neville said in a jibe to the Liverpool icon. Then Carragher took a jab back at Neville, claiming that he left his employer in the lurch when making his holiday plans. "Gary normally does the bigger games in terms of commentary but he's going skiing because he booked his holidays without telling Sky," Carragher replied. Then host Kelly Cates called out Carragher for his comment: "No one likes a grass," before Carragher explained that Neville had been scheduled to work the entire week. "When I got the email, you were down to do those games," Carragher claimed. Neville has not posted about the clash on Thursday on Twitter, but on Instagram he captioned a photo “Hello” alongside a picture of him going down the slopes on his skiing trip while his colleagues instead discussed the situation regarding Chelsea and under-fire boss Graham Potter. “Chelsea are a club who notoriously win games, win competitions, and pose a threat to other teams so when they’ve had runs like this in the past a lot of the time the managers have lost their job,” Carragher explained. “Maybe it would have to get a little bit worse than what it is, I’m not talking about that for Graham Potter right now, but that’s been the nature of the club. DON'T MISSChelsea new kit 'leaks' as Blues go back to roots with latest stripHaaland fired warning by Guardiola over behaviour ahead of Chelsea clashRonaldo banned from making Al-Nassr debut due to Man Utd tantrum “A very ruthless team, they expect to win, and that’s why managers have changed so often, because the results they’ve had have not been acceptable. "But if you actually look at the record of Graham Potter you see a really good start with those three victories, but the Crystal Palace one comes in the last minute and the Aston Villa one the goalkeeper’s probably had the best game he’s ever had for the club, in Kepa. “I think there are questions being asked from the Chelsea supporters because for the last 10 or 15 years a lot of that time, they’ve expected the best and that is what they’ve got.”