Tommy Fury has revealed why he is going after the Jake Paul fight. Tyson Fury’s brother says that money is the sole motivation behind him agreeing to the bout and wants to provide for his fiancée Molly Mae Hague and their daughter, who is expected to be born over the coming days. The pair have had two fight dates fall through in the past, but they are reportedly close to announcing a third. Ahead of their first proposed meeting in December 2021, Fury pulled out of the contest after sustaining a broken rib in camp. According to reports from esteemed combat sports journalist, Ariel Helwani, the fight is a ‘done deal’ for February 25 with Saudi Arabia rumoured as the most likely location. Speaking about the fight and his motivations behind taking it, Fury told Rob Moore on the Disruptors podcast: "I was earning my stripes. But if you want to slap millions of pounds in front of my face to fight Jake Paul, why am I not going to do that? “I've got a family to feed now any day - the reason I've taken the Jake Paul fight is it's financially good. There is [a part of me that wants to shut him up] but he doesn't get underneath my skin like that. “He can't get underneath my skin because I know what he's doing. He's a whizz on social media, he's made a living off being an idiot, arrogant and calling people out. It is what it is, but he can't get underneath my skin. MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua told 'there's something wrong' if he doesn't blast out Franklin Wilder brags 'fighters take steroids to face him' as Ruiz swatted away Fury bashed for 'dumbest idea in sport' as Brit teases bout after Usyk "All I see with Jake Paul is a business and if you want me to beat a man who can't fight and throw millions of pounds in my face, not a problem, sign me up and that's purely what this is. I've described it all the time as being on Route 66 and I need to stop off in my campervan, fill it up and get back on the road. "I am on a straight and narrow road to world titles. But you want me to take a slight detour for an awful lot of fuel, pick that up and then jump back on the road? That's exactly what I'm doing here at the end of the day. This is a business; you've got to use your head and every fighter in my position would take that fight if it got offered to them."