Due to its typically light colouring and rough porous texture, grout is prone to staining, causing the once clean look of white grout and shiny tiles to fade and look rather dull. When it comes to the bathroom, grout is usually stained with mould and mildew, which are tougher to get rid of than the light spills which impact the kitchen tiles. However, there’s no need to stress as it’s possible to transform stained grout back to its white former glory using just two common household products you might already own, according to fans of Mrs Hinch. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Mary Wallace wrote: “Please help. How do I clean dirty grout between tiles?” The post received over 250 responses from fellow cleaning fanatics all eager to share their tried and tested methods. While there were many commercial cleaning products suggested, some recommended using baking soda and white vinegar. Ruth Morrison said: “Bicarbonate of soda with a toothbrush and water. Best Mrs Hinch tip I’ve found.” Ann Nowak wrote: “Baking soda and white vinegar in a spray bottle.” Morven Macauley agreed: “Baking soda and vinegar. Mix together to form a thick paste. Brush onto grout with very old paint brush. READ MORE: ‘Excellent natural cleaner’ that removes yellow stains from pillows “Leave it for half an hour or more if it’s really bad while you have a cup of tea, catch up on tv soaps. Rinse off. No effort at all.” However, for those looking for a cleaning solution that matches up to bleach and even works “better” than it, Mrs Hinch fans suggested pairing baking soda with hydrogen peroxide. Karen Voogjarv said: “The best I found is using 50 percent baking soda and 50 percent peroxide. I used a paint brush and brushed it on the grout in about five minutes. Better than bleach and any other grout cleaner I’ve tried.” Kellie Barton agreed: “Best I’ve ever used is baking soda and peroxide, not harmful and works great, hardly any scrubbing. Mix two parts baking soda to one part peroxide, let sit for a few minutes, scrub if necessary.” DON'T MISS‘Natural home remedies’ that ‘effectively’ get rid of houseplant pests [TIPS]Five ‘common mistakes’ that quickly ‘kill’ orchids - how to avoid [EXPERT]Remove toilet seat stains in ‘an hour’ using 42p staple [COMMENT] Rita Hail noted: “Hydrogen peroxide and baking soda works a treat. Smear on and leave for a while then use a wet nail brush and gently scrub! It also brings your trainers up lovely and white again also.” Sandra Connor said: “Bleach products do work but eventually break down your grout and you will end up ruining it, better off investing in a proper grout cleaner. Try using baking soda and hydrogen peroxide. It usually works for me.” TL Annette said: “Hydrogen peroxide and baking soda works amazingly with a little scrubbing.” Hannah Cole suggested: “Try a combination of baking soda and hydrogen peroxide. I tried everything over the years and this is the only thing that works, it is brilliant and no hard work involved.” READ MORE: ‘Fastest’ solution to remove silicone sealant mould around windows It is not just Mrs Hinch fans who love this method. Candice Batista cleaning expert at The Eco Hub also recommended this solution for those looking for a method that involves little to no scrubbing. She said: “What makes this mixture so effective is how the ingredients interact with each other and with the dirt. “Baking soda penetrates the porous surface of the grout without being overly abrasive and helps remove tough stains “Hydrogen peroxide is basically a natural alternative to bleach that will clean and brighten almost any surface.” For added cleaning power the expert recommended adding a little washing up liquid as this “cuts through any type of grease or slime that may be stuck between the tiles”. Hydrogen peroxide is safe to use on grout, as it is a neutral cleaner that won’t eat away at the grout like vinegar can. Mixed with baking soda, hydrogen peroxide forms oxygenated bleach, and that chemical reaction safely cleans the surface. Cleaning with hydrogen peroxide and baking soda has the benefits of chlorine bleach without all of the harmful side effects.