Arsenal will not complete any January business that would get in the way of a summer move for top target Decan Rice, according to reports. The Gunners are the surprise leaders in the race to sign the West Ham captain and believe they can get their man for around £75million. A shock Premier League title charge has seen Arsenal able to improve the type of player they target. The North Londoners are expected to battle with Chelsea and Manchester United for Rice in the summer. But with Mikel Arteta hoping to continue improving his team in the winter window, Arsenal are apparently unlikely to strengthen in midfield before Tuesday’s deadline. That is because they do not want to complete any business that would deter their pursuit of the England star in the summer. Arsenal value Rice at around £70-75m, in part because come June the 23-year-old will have just 12 months remaining on his West Ham contract. The Emirates Stadium hierarchy see that as good value and are already putting in the legwork ahead of a transfer ahead of the 2023-24 campaign. Transfer news LIVE: Arsenal set £52.5m price, Chelsea deals collapse That is according to CBS Sports reporter Ben Jacobs, who expects Arsenal to be ‘active’ in their pursuit of Rice over the next few months. Responding to a fan asking if the Gunners will complete business over the next few days, he responded by saying that they will not do anything that is ‘counter-productive’ to their summer targets. Rice is extremely likely to leave relegation-threatened West Ham in the summer. While at the World Cup, he spoke of being envious of England team-mates who are playing regularly in the Champions League and in other big matches. The former Chelsea academy prospect will not sign a new deal with the East Londoners. West Ham therefore want to cash in before they risk losing one of their most valuable assets for free in 18 months’ time. Arteta has welcomed three new players in January to help bolster his squad. The Spaniard is doubling down on the club’s surprise Premier League title bid and wants to make sure his side are prepared to go all the way come May. DON'T MISS...Kolo Toure sacked by Wigan after just nine games and 59 days in chargePep Guardiola's verdict on Mikel Arteta amid Richard Keys criticismArsenal's scary XI to tackle Champions League with Rice and three more Winger Leandro Trossard and young Polish defender Jakub Kiwior have arrived from Brighton and Spezia, respectively. Trossard made his debut in the 3-2 win over Manchester United last Sunday, and played a key role in Eddie Nkietah’s last-minute winning goal. Spanish starlet Ivan Fresneda has also been linked with a move to the top-flight leaders. Fresneda would be a long-term option for the right-back position. The 18-year-old has excelled for Real Valladolid, who want around £15m and for the player to remain on loan for the rest of the season. Borussia Dortmund are also interested in a move for the Spain under-19 international.