Manchester United have announced the signing of Jack Butland on loan until the end of the season following the departure of Martin Dubravka. And the shot-stopper is poised to follow in the footsteps of the likes of Nemanja Matic and Bastian Schweinsteiger after being given the No 31 jersey. The 29-year-old will provide competition for David De Gea, who remains Erik ten Hag’s undisputed No 1. Manchester United recently saw Dubravka leave Old Trafford, with Newcastle recalling the Slovakia international following an injury to Nick Pope. And they have confirmed the arrival of Butland on Friday, with the shot-stopper set to challenge De Gea and Tom Heaton for a place in the team. United have also revealed Butland will wear the No 31 shirt which, despite being high, has been a popular pick for new recruits in recent years. The Red Devils gave it to Dubravka when he arrived in the summer, though he made just two appearances during his brief stint. Before that it was worn by Matic, who touched down from Chelsea back in the summer of 2018. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big The Serbia international was a steady asset for United during the years where Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer ruled the roost. Yet he left at the end of last season after the club opted against giving him a new contract, with Casemiro brought in as a replacement. Prior to Matic’s arrival, it had been sported by Schweinsteiger. Big things were expected from the Germany international, who had won the lot during a glittering spell at Bayern Munich. Yet, like with Owen Hargreaves in 2007, the Bundesliga giants sold to United at the right time - with Schweinsteiger a shadow of his old self. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see United brought in Marouane Fellaini following the appointment of David Moyes in 2013, with the Scot raiding former club Everton for the Belgian powerhouse. Fellaini wore it during his first season at Old Trafford but switched to No 27 after the arrival of Schweinsteiger, who had worn the digits at Bayern. Scott Wootton, Correy Evans, David Jones, Darren Fletcher, Nick Culkin, John Curtis, William Prunier and Keith Gillespie have also sported it over the years. Five senior players wear higher than the No 31 at present. Defenders Brandon Williams and Axel Tuanzebe sport Nos 33 and 38, though both are expected to leave the club either this month or at the end of the campaign. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Donny van de Beek and Scott McTominay wear No 34 and No 39 respectively. And Anthony Elanga sports No 36, with the Sweden international currently a transfer target for Everton. Speaking after his arrival, meanwhile, Butland expressed his delight at moving to Old Trafford. He said: "This is an amazing club and one that I am now proud to represent. "I'm really looking forward to working with an unbelievable goalkeeping group, supporting each other every day to create the best training and playing environment for the team." And he added: "I have obviously known Tom [Heaton] for a long time, I know what Tom is about. What a great guy and what a great goalkeeper he is. "I am really looking forward to training with David [De Gea], someone who has been at the top of his game for such a long time, and who has also has a lot of history and respect here at the club. “It's a great opportunity for me to train with him but also test myself against him as well. “Also just to train alongside the guys and push each other. "I spoke to Richard Hartis, the goalkeeper coach, as well and there is a mutual excitement between ourselves to get going and get the goalkeeper gloves on. “I am excited to get going and get out there with them.”