Chelsea officials have travelled to Poland in a desperate attempt to hijack Arsenal's proposed January move for top target Mykhaylo Mudryk, according to reports. The Blues have been credited with a keen interest in signing Mudryk over the course of this month, although the 22-year-old has been widely expected to join Arsenal over the last few weeks. The Gunners have reportedly agreed personal terms with Mudryk and have been in advanced negotiations with Shakhtar Donetsk over a transfer fee, which is believed to be in the region of £62million, over the last few weeks. However, it seems as though Chelsea are in no mood to give up the chase and still fancy their chances of beating Arsenal to Mudryk's signature in the not-too-distant future. Senior board members at Chelsea have jetted out to Poland in order to try and reach a verbal agreement with Shakhtar to snatch Mudryk from under the noses of Arsenal, according to Fabrizio Romano. It is also said that the Blues are willing to trump Arsenal's bid with an offer in the region of £80m, which would represent a significant increase on the fee tabled by the north Londoners. Mudryk's position on the matter will prove to be crucial, although the Ukraine international winger has repeatedly expressed a desire to join Arsenal in recent interviews and on social media. It remains to be seen whether a big-money proposal from Chelsea will be able to turn his head, though, or if he will decide to hold out for a move to the Emirates Stadium by snubbing the Blues' advances. JUST IN: Arsenal 'pick Vlahovic as next blockbuster signing' after Mudryk Arsenal are believed to be confident that a deal for Mudryk will be wrapped up before they face Manchester United next weekend, but Chelsea's increasingly desperate attempts to hijack the move could force Mikel Arteta into a nervous wait to find out whether or not the Shakhtar man will be joining the club this month. Mudryk has posted a number of cryptic transfer hints on Instagram over the last few weeks, while he told CBS Sports back in September that he would struggle to say no to Arsenal in the event of a January bid for his services. "I do dream [of the Premier League]," said Mudryk when quizzed on a potential move to England in 2023. "I think every guy dreams about the Premier League. Arsenal is a very good team with a very good coach. I like the way they play. Yes it would be hard to say no from my side, I can't say no but the transfer is not only my decision and my word." Meanwhile, former Liverpool ace Stan Collymore recently urged Mudryk to go with his head over his heart by choosing Chelsea instead of Arsenal, telling CaughtOffside: "I know some fans will argue that considering where both clubs are at the minute, if he were to choose the Blues over the Gunners, it’ll only be for the money. "And that may well be true, but for me, Chelsea is still the more attractive project. If [Todd] Boehly can sell Chelsea’s future to Mudryk then that’s the more alluring option. "If I had the choice, I’d choose Chelsea over Arsenal and that’s not me dismissing the good work Mikel Arteta and Arsenal are doing, but I just think over a three or four-year period, the Blues are the better project and the club more likely to consistently compete for silverware. So all that being considered, I wouldn’t be surprised if Mudryk ended up at Stamford Bridge." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here