Jurgen Klopp has suggested that Liverpool could be active in the January market right up until next week's transfer deadline by insisting that the Reds must be 'prepared for everything' between now and the end of the window. Liverpool have already improved their squad this month with the signing of Dutch forward Cody Gakpo, who joined the club from PSV Eindhoven for a transfer fee in the region of £40million. Liverpool do not usually leave it late to make signings but it seems as though some last-minute activity could potentially be on the cards at Anfield over the coming hours and days. Klopp hinted in Friday's press conference that anything could happen in the final stages of the window in response to a question about the future of Nathaniel Phillips, who has been linked with a loan move elsewhere in recent weeks."It depends on the offers," said the Liverpool boss. "We have to be prepared for pretty much everything so we don't know. The 31st is deadline day and we will see, I don't know."Klopp was speaking ahead of Liverpool's trip to Brighton and Hove Albion in the FA Cup fourth round on Sunday, with the Reds hoping to stay on track to defend their trophy by beating the Seagulls at the Amex Stadium. The German manager went on to provide some good news by revealing that Diogo Jota, Virgil van Dijk and Roberto Firmino could be back in the Liverpool squad fairly soon, although this weekend's game will come too quickly for any of the trio to be involved. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo left red-faced as fans see through Instagram post "Closer, yes. [Imminent?] No," added Klopp. "It will take another couple of weeks, I think. Luis [Diaz] takes longer. But Diogo, Bobby and Virgil, a couple of weeks before they can join training and then we have to see how quickly it goes from there."The 55-year-old also suggested that Phillips and James Milner could be available to face Brighton after missing training earlier this week but confirmed that Fabio Carvalho will remain sidelined as he continues to step up his recovery from injury. He said: "This week we had Fabio Carvalho, [he] is obviously out. It's a little thing but he will not be ready. "Will he be ready? Did anybody tell me he could train today? I don't think so. Maybe he can train today but he will not be 100 per cent ready for the weekend."Milly was not in training for one day but he is fine. He is fine, not an injury reason. (And) Nat has a proper, proper cold." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.