NBA legend Magic Johnson has hailed French superstar Victor Wembanyama after meeting the prodigy at the NBA clash between the Chicago Bulls and Detroit Pistons in Paris. The Bulls defeated the Pistons 126-108 with Chicago star duo Zach LaVine and DeMar DeRozan combining for 56 points. The NBA’s regular season trip to Europe brought superstars to the court - but other legends and key figures were in attendance. Formula 1 stars Charles Leclerc, Pierre Gasly and Esteban Ocon were seated alongside Wembanyama as they enjoyed the premier basketball on display. Due to his unbelievable combination of height and technical ability, Wembanyama is believed to be the next generational talent ready to take the NBA by storm. He was seen chatting with Los Angeles Lakers icon Johnson, and the five-time champion didn’t waste any time praising the future star. “I had the opportunity to meet and talk with the best player in the world and this year's number one pick in the NBA draft, Victor Wembanyama!” Johnson wrote on social media. READ MORE: Anthony Davis receives injury update amid Los Angeles Lakers struggles Talents like Wembanyama don’t come along often. He leads the French league with averages of 21.4 points, 9.4 rebounds and 3.2 blocks per game, while he was exceptional in the recent domestic All-Star Game, registering 27 points, 12 rebounds and 4 assists. Wembanyama is the hottest prospect in the 2023 draft class and is considered by many to be the most promising young player since LeBron James entered the NBA 20 years prior in 2003. The 7’4” 19-year-old - who has an eight foot wingspan paired with the shooting ability of a point guard - is the surefire number one pick and teams are reportedly going to battle for the chance to pick him in the NBA draft lottery. His scarcely-believable size means Wembanyama is a fearsome shot-blocker and rim protector while he is essentially unstoppable as a perimeter shooter. Despite his relative inexperience, the center appears to have an intuitive understanding of the game, both on offence and defence. DON'T MISSLA Lakers problems exposed as LeBron James briefly checks out of gameWestbrook blames Embiid as he misses game-winning shot for LA LakersLeBron James laments 'frustrating as hell' NBA refs after Lakers loss Wembanyama perhaps received live insight into his future home as the Pistons continued to struggle. The 12-36 Pistons are enduring a tumultuous season which took a turn for the worse when Cade Cunningham - the first pick in the 2021 NBA Draft - was ruled out for the rest of the 2022/23 season. The team remain in pole position to land the rights to Wembanyama in the lottery ahead of the 2023 NBA Draft. NBA commissioner Adam Silver is clearly rolling out the red carpet for the prodigious center, adding: “Victor Wembanyama feels like he's already part of the NBA family.”