UK citizens travelling across the bloc are experiencing long queues for passport checks, with some blaming the ordeal on Brexit. But the Bruges Group, a British think tank, pointed out the reason behind long delays at airports for UK citizens lies on the EU's reluctance to reciprocate UK processes for passport controls. Posting a photo of a long queue at Brussels airport, Edward Luce, Associate Editor of the Financial Times, lamented the bloc on Twitter writing: "One hour passport queue for non EU citizens to leave Brussels. Thanks Boris Johnson." But the Bruges Group promptly pointed out in response: "Your regular reminder that the UK allows EU passport holders to use e-Gates at ports of entry. The EU does not reciprocate. "The UK does not perform exit checks, but the same principle extends here." It comes as Britain prepares to celebrate the third anniversary of the implementation of the Brexit referendum result. Britain has taken "huge strides" in taking advantage of the opportunities opened up by Brexit to address the challenges facing the country, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has said. In a statement to mark the third anniversary on Tuesday of the UK's full withdrawal from the EU, Mr Sunak said the country is confidently forging a new path as an "independent nation". He pointed to the opening of eight new freeports, plans to review or abolish EU red tape and the overhaul of the regime for business subsidies among the benefits of the break with Brussels. However, his upbeat analysis contrasted with recent polling suggesting growing unhappiness with how Brexit turned out. READ MORE: Sunak accuses striking workers of costing economy £2bn  In his statement, Mr Sunak said: "In the three years since leaving the EU, we've made huge strides in harnessing the freedoms unlocked by Brexit to tackle generational challenges. "Whether leading Europe's fastest vaccine rollout, striking trade deals with over 70 countries or taking back control of our borders, we've forged a path as an independent nation with confidence. "And in my first 100 days as Prime Minister, that momentum hasn't slowed - we're cutting red tape for businesses, levelling up through our freeports, and designing our own, fairer farming system to protect the British countryside. DON'T MISS:POLL – Do you still support Brexit? [POLL]Sturgeon struggles in TV interview as she's grilled on trans policy [VIDEO]Biden refuses to send F16 Jets to Ukraine as Russia steps up attacks [INSIGHT] "This is just the beginning of our plans to deliver on our five priorities, including growing the economy so we can create better paid jobs, and I'm determined to ensure the benefits of Brexit continue to empower communities and businesses right across the country." A poll published by Ipsos on Monday found 45 percent thought Brexit was going worse than they expected, up sharply from 28 percent in June 2021, including just over one in four (26 percent) of those who voted Leave in the 2016 referendum. Fewer than one in 10 (9 percent) - down six points on 2021 - said it was working out better than expected, while nearly two in five (39 percent) said it was meeting their expectations, a seven-point drop.