Self Assessment tax returns are due by midnight January 31, 2023 and any tax due must be paid by the same deadline. A failure to do so could result in penalties, so it is important for Britons to pay attention. Mike Parkes, tax expert at GoSimpleTax, said: “The key dates for income tax don’t change year-on-year, which makes them easy to plan for and manage. “The most pressing is the January 31, deadline for income tax self-assessments. “This is also the date that your tax payment is due, which is a considerable outlay for most self-employed people or those receiving dividends from their employment. “Given the extra pressure on household expenditure at the moment, tax bills could be very difficult to manage this year.” READ MORE: Two Christmas gift options could make a child a ‘millionaire’ If a person misses the deadline for submitting their tax return, or paying their bill, they will face a penalty. Individuals will have to pay a late filing penalty of £100 if their tax return is up to three months late, according to HMMRC. People will have to pay more if it is later, or if they pay their tax bill late, and interest is also charged on late payments. However, many Britons will also have to look forward to other important tax dates throughout the year. DON'T MISSPensioner, 73, struggles to heat home as ‘crippling’ costs soar [LATEST]Pensioners ‘in limbo’ as Bank of England hikes interest rate to 3.5% [UPDATE]Britons warned state pension ‘not likely to be enough’ for retirement [INSIGHT] Mr Parkes continued: “April sees the end of the current tax year and the start of the new one. It’s at this point that you can complete your tax return for 2022/23, rather than leaving it until January 2024. “Your tax won’t be due until January 2024, but you’ll know what you owe which means that you can budget for it. “When you submit your self-assessment, you’ll also find out what your payment on account will be for the 2022/23 tax year. "This down payment is due by July 31.” READ MORE: Martin Lewis urges Britons to check state pension before deadline Only certain people will need to send a tax return if, in the last tax year, any of the following applied: People can choose to fill in a tax return to claim income tax reliefs, or prove they are self-employed, for example to claim Tax-Free Childcare or Maternity Allowance. Individuals can make a change to their tax return 72 hours after they have filed it - for example, because they made a mistake. The changes need to be made by: What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea There are some key dates for people to bear in mind when it comes to tax in 2023. These are as follows: