Jennifer Aniston, 53, and Brad Pitt, 59, have confirmed they are “buddies” now despite having one of the most highly-publicised divorces of the noughties. The pair’s new friendship, however, could be compromised as the Friends star reportedly “backed off” after her ex-husband recently got a new romantic partner. According to a source, Jennifer has been having “bad feelings” as it has been reported Brad is in a new relationship with jewellery designer Ines de Ramon, 30. The insider told People the former couple had been "really friendly" of late, but Brad’s relationship had reportedly made Jen "back off". Express.co.uk has reached out to representatives for Jennifer Aniston for comment. Jennifer and Brad were married for five years before they split and he began dating his now ex-wife, Angelina Jolie, 46. READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss In May last year, Jennifer opened up about her split from ex-husband Brad, 58, during the finale of Ellen DeGeneres’ talk show. The Rachel Green actress returned to The Ellen Show 19 years after appearing on its very first episode in 2003. Jennifer was Ellen’s first ever guest, and it was clear that the host, 64, was emotional to see her back on the sofa for one last chat. During their talk, Jennifer made a rare reference to her divorce from ex Brad, as the pair reminisced about their first interview nearly two decades ago. Sitting down with Ellen after the pair exchanged a hug, the Office Space star asked: “Where does 19 years go? I don’t understand.” Reflecting on The Ellen Show’s debut, the presenter asked: “What do you remember? I remember vividly you being on the first show. She continued: “I want to talk about the ending of Friends - what did you do to deal with that?” Speaking candidly, Jennifer replied: “Well, I got a divorce and went into therapy.” DONT MISS:Jeremy Clarkson 'caved into the woke' as critic slams Meghan apology [PHOTOS]Emma Willis' husband Matt fights back tears after missing milestone [NEWS]Stacey and Kevin Clifton welcome first child as they share sweet post [LATEST] “Then I did a movie called The Break Up,” Jennifer continued. “I just leaned into the end. “Let's make this a completely new chapter. End everything and start out. And it worked great.” Jennifer also spoke to TV host Oprah Winfrey in 2005 about the difficulties of having a fairytale romance in the public eye. The host said: "People were obsessed about your marriage and then the divorce (with Brad Pitt). I think it's because you guys represented the picture on the wedding cake. "And so, if this doesn't work out, then you're thinking, 'Oh Lord, I'm in trouble.' I think it's that kind of association. What do you think it is?" Jennifer responded: "It is that, and it is created so totally by the media. "Because all you see is the red carpet, and you don't see people in their lives, living their lives, doing the things that people do." Jennifer continued: "It's not real. It's just not real. You're human beings having a human experience and there's nothing different except that you're exposed to the world as a public person. "But your personal life, your personal feelings, your heart, your success, your pain, your everything, is the same as anybody else's."