Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has refused to rule out any more signings ahead of Sunday’s Premier League clash with Arsenal. The Red Devils have recruited Jack Butland and Wout Weghorst so far this winter. However, it appears they may still add to their squad as they look to win all four competitions they’re competing in. At the start of the month, United chief John Murtough said the Red Devils were expecting a ‘quiet’ transfer window. But, since then, the club have proceeded to bring in the likes of Butland and Weghorst - who have moved from Crystal Palace and Bunrley respectively. Many are now expecting United to have a quiet end to the transfer window as a result, despite their obvious need for more reinforcements. But Ten Hag, speaking at a press conference on Friday, has now revealed the club are open to bringing in more players should the right opportunity arise. “As Manchester United you always have to look for solutions and always you have to look for better and that is what we will do,” he said. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “We will be doing our research and if there are opportuntiies we will go for it.” United had, at the start of the transfer window, been eyeing a right-back to challenge Diogo Dalot for a starting berth. And despite Aaron Wan-Bisssaka’s remarkable improvement, it’s still possible the club will act when it comes to that area of their squad. Another midfielder wouldn’t go amiss, either. United are set to be without Donny van de Beek until the end of the season, with the midfielder suffering a serious injury against Bournemouth earlier this month. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Youri Tielemans, of Leicester City, has been linked over the past week. The Belgium international will become a free agent at the end of the campaign, with the Foxes unlikely to tie him down. And Tielemans would be a good player for United to pursue, with Leicester seemingly resigned to losing their midfielder come the end of the campaign. Another star being linked with a move to United is Marco Reus. Like Tielemans, he’s due to become a free agent at the end of the season with Borussia Dortmund open to a parting of the ways. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Reus’ agent was recently in attendance as United beat Manchester City 2-1 courtesy of goals from Bruno Fernandes and Marcus Rashford. And it’s possible United will swoop for the Germany international, though any deal is likelier to take place in the summer instead. Ahead of United’s clash with Arsenal, meanwhile, Rio Ferdinand has expressed a belief his side still aren’t contenders for the Premier League title. “I never really saw Man United as title contenders,” he told William Hill. “We all get emotional as fans and can get a bit carried away in the moment, but in the cold light of day, Manchester United are in a really good place at the moment. “If you said three or four months ago that United would be in this position, then there would have been few fans that wouldn’t have said ‘we’re on the right track here’, so let’s remain calm and just praise how far the side has come recently. “I think top-four and a trophy would be a brilliant season for United and they are very much on track for that. “They’ll be a few bumps along the road, but the results recently have been fantastic and they’ve just got to keep it up.”