Call the Midwife series 13 was confirmed for commission at the same time as season 12, leaving fans delighted they are in for another instalment. Laura Main, who plays Shelagh Turner, recently joined Alan Titchmarsh on his Sunday morning show to discuss the upcoming series and a surprise Hollywood star who could make an appearance. Discussing the disturbance Tom Cruise had caused on set, Alan asked: "You have some great followers. "Apparently Tom Cruise likes it so much he keeps landing his helicopter around there, is that right?" Laughing at the incident, Laura explained: "Yes, he is filming just around the corner from us so we will be filming and then suddenly it will be like 'Oh we have to cut for sound. "It's Tom, it's Tom and his helicopter', but I just think it is about time, it is going to be a matter of time before he is stepping onto the set. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert issues warning to guest over WWI albums "Please, as another public appeal, let's make that happen." They also began to discuss the visit the cast received from deputy chief medical officer, Sir Johnathan Van-Tam. Laura revealed: "Judy Parfitt, I don't know how she got his email, but she did and she got in touch wanting a bit of advice. "You know, she is in her 80s and coming to set, and he apparently was over the moon to hear from her, and they have developed a pen friendship. "Then he came to set and met us all, and again another person that might be on screen, obviously the Tom thing might not happen but I think he is going to come back as a supporting artist in series 13." Jenny Agutter, who plays Sister Julienne, previously opened up about Tom Cruise disrupting their filming. The actress told The Mirror: "Tom Cruise keeps on ruining our filming by landing his helicopter right outside where we're shooting." When discussing whether she had any plans to approach the actor about his timing, she exclaimed: "In my habit! Imagine. DON'T MISS...James Martin hugs Brian Turner as he makes 'stammer' confession [INSIGHT]BBC News' Joanna Gosling speaks out after quitting ahead of merger [WATCH]Jack Deam has stepped down from Father Brown as Inspector Mallory [LATEST] "Excuse me Tom, but look we're trying to film. I don't know about you, but just get your helicopter out of here quickly!'" Laura and co-star Helen George, who plays Trixie Frankin, recently joined The One Show hosts Alex Jones and Jermain Jenas, where they discussed Van-Tam's possible appearance in the series. Helen said: "Early days, but he did come down to set because he watches the show and he struck up an unlikely friendship with Judy, who plays Sister Monica Joan. "And they became friends over emails, she had some questions surrounding Covid and he answered and he came down to set which was amazing." Touching on the pressure she felt whilst he was there, Helen admitted: "I got really nervous and there was one moment when I was doing a scene, he was sort of watching. "I sort of looked over at him and I had this moment of 'my god he is stood there' and completely forgot my lines and was flustered." Curious, Alex asked: "Now hang on, if he joined the cast would it be him playing himself or would he be a character." Helen explained: "Well then the show would have to go on for another however many years." Call the Midwife airs Sunday from 8pm on BBC One.