In an episode of BBC’s long-running series Antiques Roadshow, viewers were taken to Jetty Museum in the Lake District. During the instalment, a group of guests were blown away after learning how much their guitar would make if it were up for auction. After the Northern Irish band The Left Backs had finished performing for the Antiques Roadshow expert, Marc Allum was immediately drawn to the guitar they were playing with. Wanting to find out a bit more about how it came into their possession, the lead singer revealed he got it when he was a child. He said: “I used to do a lot of brass banding as a kid, I was in the practice rooms one day and one of the grandparents of the members came in with these two guitars. “This one was in a case and the other looked absolutely battered. I went up to him and asked, ‘what are you doing with these guitars?’ READ MORE:Prince Harry's claims of Camilla 'planting stories' shut down “He was just going to throw them in the skip, I was like, ‘What?! You can’t do that, I'll take them off your hands.’" Although he confessed the other guitar he was given was now smashed to pieces after they used it as a prop for a music video as it was unplayable. Describing the guitar as unusual, due to its small size, Marc inspected the instrument closer to uncover a label on the inside. He said: “It has a name which is Louis Panormo, now Louis Panormo was a London guitar maker. “Making really good quality instruments and he was well renowned at the time period which, we tend to call the romantic era.” Marc told the band the time period he was referring to was between 1790 and 1830, however, a handwritten note on the label dated the piece to 1845 which was later than his production. Informing the band the guitar was made with the purpose to play classical music, the lead singer sampled some period-style tunes as Marc commented on the tone. Calling the piece fascinating, it was time for the Antiques Roadshow expert to move on the value of the guitar if it were in an auction. DON'T MISS... Call the Midwife’s Shelagh Turner star addresses future of BBC series [VIDEO] The Grand Tour’s future confirmed after series of dangerous crashes [INSIGHT] Coronation Street's Sue Cleaver distracts viewers with transformation [REACTION] He said: “It’s a difficult one because a Panormo guitar of that period in really really good condition is probably going to be worth around £2,000. “This one, is a little bit worse for wear and I think in this condition, it’s probably worth about £700 to £900.” The singer replied: “That’s still pretty good!” However, Marc revealed there is an opportunity for them to restore the guitar which would help increase its value. He continued: “But if you enjoy it, play it.” Elsewhere in the show, one lady had bought a collection of sailing items that belonged to her grandmother called Afra Cross to show expert, Siobhan Tyrrell. During the segment, viewers learnt her grandmother was a successful competitive sailor during a time when the sport was mainly male-dominated. Looking at the impressive collection on the table, Siobhan told the guest that altogether she had no hesitation at vaulting them anywhere between £10,000 to £15,000. Speaking about the pieces, the expert said: “I would really value it as a whole collection rather than separate items because it all relates to her. “Women’s sporting history is so prevalent at the moment. And the fact that she was such a forerunner at this time.” Antiques Roadshow is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.