Yellowstone’s latest spin-off 1923 has already been a major hit for fans who were eager to learn more about the Dutton lineage. However, after an unexpected plot twist in the final moments of episode three, Jacob Dutton (played by Harrison Ford) might have met his demise.   WARNING: This article contains spoilers from 1923. Yellowstone has expanded its franchise with the addition of 1923, a show set 40 years after the events of 1883. Although it opened up with the adult version of John Dutton Sr (James Badge Dale), who was introduced in 1883, fans were forced to say a miserable goodbye to the character. While episode three, The War Has Come Home, opened up with the women welcoming home the returning cowboys, the episode became the show’s most-action packed yet. Things took a dark turn after Jacob justified hanging a group of men because they had trespassed his land. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton unrecognisable after transformation   However, little did he know a bruised and bloodied Banner Creighton (Jerome Flynn) was able to escape the ordeal and was plotting revenge. Cara Dutton (Helen Mirren), Elizabeth Strafford (Michele Rudolph), Emma Dutton (Marley Shelton) and Jack Dutton (Darren Man) rode the wagon to town, with Jacob on his horse beside them. A shot was fired in their direction, which left Elizabeth and Jack injured as Jacob, Cara, John Sr and Emma watched the shootout from behind a tree. As they shot back, Banner arrived in a car and pulled a gun aiming right at them but as Cara and Emma ran, Jacob and John Sr were both shot down. After some moments, Cara came out to find John Sr had died after being shot in the eye and Jacob barely breathing. Filled with rage, she stopped one of Banner’s men trying to escape but she followed him into the woods. Fans will recall this scene from the first episode when Cara let out a blood-curdling scream and shot him to death. As for Jacob, it's yet to be seen if he will survive his injuries, he was carried back to the ranch where the cowboys tried to tend to his wounds. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' downfall [REACTION]1923 star shares exposes ‘unspoken’ rule between Duttons [INSIGHT]Yellowstone plot hole: Fans expose questionable Jamie and Beth scene [BLUNDER]  While lying on the kitchen table, he told Cara: “Spencer must come home now, get him home.” Although his death is yet to be confirmed, those could have very well been his final words. During the final moments of the episode, Cara was writing a letter to Spencer (Brandon Sklenar) informing him his brother had been killed. However, his uncle could also be dead by the time he arrives at the Dutton ranch.    While the rest of his family were in Montana, Spencer was in Africa catching “man-eaters”. He had travelled from Kenya to Tanganyika with Alexandra (Julia Schlaepfer) where he took down a hyena for interrupting the process of a railway being built. As the episode was divided between America and Montana, fans also witnessed Spencer proposing to Alexandra.  1923 airs Sundays on Paramount Network in the US and the following Monday on Paramount + in the UK. 