A relationship expert has claimed that Prince Harry is looking for "compassion" from King Charles following the release of his new memoir 'Spare'. The Duke uses the book to air his grievances with the Royal Family, and also opened up about his deteriorating relationship with his father and brother Prince William. Valon Asani says Harry and his family should "acknowledge" the hurt that has been caused on both sides if they are to repair the damage of the last few years. She said: "When being faced with a broken family, often we say, 'I don’t know where to start' but what we actually mean is: 'I’m scared to start'. "After a family fallout, one of the hardest aspects to deal with is to accept the idea that the other party feels wronged in some way by your actions, even if they were not intended to cause hurt. "However, acknowledging how the other party feels, whether you agree or not, can show empathy and understanding that can then lead to more effective communication to be built." In his book, Harry discusses the long-term impact the death of his mother Princess Diana has had on him. He also talks about the aspects of royal life he has struggled with, including being in the public eye and media scrutiny. Ms Asani continued: "Prince Harry has been incredibly open about the many struggles he has faced in his past, many of these issues being active problems, such as the lack of contact and accountability that he feels the Royal family are responsible for. "The struggles that Harry details in his autobiography appear to stem from a lot of childhood trauma and repressed emotions from the environment he grew up in, which many can empathise and relate to. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's title in jeopardy as Charles to 'channel' Queen's a "An acknowledgment from the family, whether private or public, of the difficulties that the duke feels he is facing could have a huge impact that could lead to a reconciliation. "However, the same sentiment applies the other way round; Prince Harry should also acknowledge that the Palace may view events differently – as the late Queen famously said ‘recollections may vary’ - and their views are also valid." Ms Asani believes there are ways in which Harry and his family can end the hostility. She says the Duke of Sussex shares a passion for charity initiatives, and this could be a bridge toward rekindling the relationship. She continued: "In Prince Harry’s case, causes that are close to his heart and the rest of the Royal Family’s, such as the Invictus Games, are a chance to rekindle a relationship and begin communicating again." DON'T MISSPrince Harry giving his children a 'masterclass' in the blame game [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle tipped by expert to dwarf Harry's Spare success [ANALYSIS]75% chance that Prince Harry will NOT attend King Charles' coronation [INSIGHT] Harry's relationship with his father going forward could largely hinge on whether he attends the King's coronation next May. Nothing is confirmed yet, and while some experts believe the Duke of Sussex will attend, others fear he may not be permitted. Ms Asani said: "It has been reported that Prince Harry and Meghan have been invited to King Charles III’s coronation in May, which is an olive branch from the family to the couple. "The trauma that Prince Harry has recounted and shared with the world recently can manifest itself in many ways, and Prince Harry likely has feelings of abandonment from his family and is seeking some form of compassion and communication from them. "The occasion of the coronation is cause for celebration as we celebrate the beginning of the King’s reign, and such a meaningful and happy occasion may be the perfect backdrop for reconciliation."