Espanyol forward Martin Braithwaite completed his mission of spoiling Barcelona boss Xavi’s New Year after starring in the 1-1 draw between the two sides in La Liga. Braithwaite spent two-and-a-half years at the Nou Camp before moving to Espanyol on a free transfer last September. Braithwaite, who has won 64 caps for Denmark, played 86 minutes of the clash against Barcelona on New Year’s Eve. His side went behind after ex-Chelsea defender Marcos Alonso headed in the opening goal of the match after seven minutes. But Espanyol claimed a share of the spoils as Joselu notched from the penalty spot with 17 minutes remaining. “When I was at the World Cup I received a message that I had a couple of interviews waiting for me when I came back and I knew everything was about the derby,” Braithwaite said during a La Liga media call ahead of the encounter. “Within days I made my first interview and people started to talk. Of course there is a lot of talk about it, which is normal. Part of life and football is passion. You have people living in the same city so of course they want to have their team winning when they go into the office and they meet their colleagues. It's going to be an exciting game.” Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    “If you win, what an evening you can have. We want to give an amazing New Year's Eve to the fans and do something special.” Braithwaite spent two years with Middlesbrough between 2017 and 2019 and bagged eight goals in 36 Championship appearances. But he eventually moved to Leganes on a permanent deal following a successful loan spell with the club. DON'T MISSChelsea ace Marc Cucurella causes Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink and Jamie Carragher disagreementShakhtar chief spotted yards from Todd Boehly as Chelsea and Arsenal battle intensifiesMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag casts doubt over Jadon Sancho return following Holland exile   Braithwaite joined Barcelona just seven months after putting pen-to-paper on a deal with Leganes and went on to make 58 appearances for the club. But he found gametime increasingly hard to come by and transferred to Espanyol after appearing just twice under Xavi. The 31-year-old has scored three goals in 12 matches this season but currently finds himself in a relegation dogfight as Espanyol are 16th in the La Liga table, having won just two matches all season. Barcelona, meanwhile, are chasing their first La Liga title since 2019 and currently find themselves level with arch-rivals Real Madrid at the top of the table. The Catalan giants have won 12 of their 15 league matches this term, conceding just six goals in the process. And Xavi’s team are set to travel to Atletico Madrid on Sunday. 