Speaking to news anchor Nahreman Issa about the latest developments in a case in Edmonton, Canada, CTV Edmonton reporter Jessica Robb became disorientated as she delivered the latest. Jessica could be seen stumbling out of the shot and losing her balance as the health scare unfolded in front of viewers’ eyes. “Okay, Jessica, how do the families feel about the progress that has come just a week before the third anniversary?” Nahreman asked Jessica referring to the news item. “Well, people we spoke with said they were happy that something is being done,” Jessica began. “But this is something they’ve been asking for since day one,” she continued before she began stalling and taking deep breaths. “So for them, this is about 1,000 days too late. Now Nahreman, I…” Jessica stuttered. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'ill' “Looking at… after the day families are pushing feds to… pushing the feds to…” Jessica added before it became clear something was wrong. Jessica then addressed her turn as she said: “Sorry, Nahreman, I… I’m not feeling very well and I’m about to…” The cameras returned to the studio as Jessica stumbled and Nahreman took over. “Okay, we’ll come back to you and right now we’ll make sure that Jessica you are doing okay, thank you,” Nahreman interjected. With the last pictures of Jessica sparking worry, Nahreman clarified: “We will make sure that Jessica is okay and will give you guys an update a little bit of an update later to make sure she’s doing alright. “She is not alone, she is with operators,” Nahreman said to reassure viewers. Jessica recovered from the incident and CTV Edmonton shared a message from her regarding the on-air scare. In it, Jessica addressed the fact the clip of her incident had gone viral on social media and led to hundreds of conspiracy theories about it. DON'T MISS:Martin Compston 'set on fire' after refusing stunt double in The RigOutlander's Young Ian star broke down in tears over Jamie Fraser scene1923 fans vent fury as Yellowstone prequel heads on hiatus after 4 eps Jessica penned: “On Sunday night, a very personal and vulnerable moment unfolded as I reported live on air. “Since then, it has been shared thousands of times, along with baseless theories about the cause. “To everyone who has reached out with supportive messages of well wishes and concern, thank you. "It’s been overwhelming, and while I can’t get to all the messages, please know I’ve seen them and appreciate every single one. “I have also received an overwhelming amount of harassment and hatred, tied to false theories about the reason for the incident. “While I will not share private medical information publicly, I can say that there is no cause for concern, and that my understanding of my own medical background provides a reasonable explanation for what happened. “I can, however, confirm that the situation was in no way related to the COVID-19 vaccine,” she signed off.