Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley said a new Met Police hotline has received “tens of calls” a week, leading to new ­investigations – a third of which relate to forces elsewhere in the country. Still reeling from the horrific crimes of PC David Carrick, who admitted 24 rapes, the Met is bracing itself for more “painful truths” as it launches a purge of hundreds of criminals in its ranks. And it comes after a Met “safer schools” officer pleaded guilty on Tuesday to child sex offences. Sir Mark told London Assembly members that rooting out corrupt officers and staff will take time. He said: “Lifting the stone and revealing painful truths will not be resolved overnight. We have to prepare for more painful stories as we confront the issues.” The Met is reviewing previous allegations of sexual offences and domestic violence against around 1,000 officers and staff to ensure investigations were thorough and ended with appropriate action. Sir Mark said he expects two or three officers per week to appear in court charged with offences linked to ­dishonesty, sexual offences, violence or domestic violence. Sir Mark told the London Assembly Police and Crime Committee a new Met Police integrity hotline was unearthing yet more possible cases.  He said: “Even though this is a Met appeal, one in three of the calls coming through roughly are for other forces. We’re passing information on as well. We’re helping the rest of policing confront some issues as well.” Last week Suella Braverman announced a Home Office review which would consider putting police chiefs in charge of all ­misconduct hearings. It could lead to automatic disciplinary action up to dismissal for officers convicted of crimes and fast-track sackings of the worst performing officers. The Home Secretary urged all forces to double down on rooting out corrupt officers. Leader of the Women’s Equality Party Mandu Reid called for a statutory inquiry into the failings and misogyny in forces. She said: “We are supposed to have to police by consent and we can’t consent if there is no trust.” Ms Reid said it is “not just the Met”, claiming there are “too many examples” across the country. But she said the Met allows officers to “continue to terrorise, brutalise and attack women”. Carrick, 48, is facing multiple life ­sentences at his sentencing on February 7 after admitting 49 charges relating to 12 women including 24 counts of rape. He was able to join Britain’s biggest force despite being a suspect in two criminal investigations relating to the break-up of a relationship. Carrick was subject to a series of criminal allegations while in the service but allowed to remain until his arrest for rape in October 2021.  Another Met officer Wayne Couzens got life for the kidnap, rape and murder of Sarah Everard in 2021. On Tuesday Met Police “safer schools” officer PC Hussain Chehab, 22, admitted sexual activity with a girl aged 13 to 15 before he joined. He also admitted offences linked to indecent images of children committed while in the service. Chehab pleaded guilty at London’s Wood Green Crown Court to four counts of sexual activity with a girl aged 13 to 15, police said. The offences took place between March and September 2019, before Chehab joined the Met the following year. They came to light when the girl’s family reported in July 2021 that their daughter had been in a sexual relationship with Chehab. It began when she was 14. He also admitted three counts of making indecent photos of a child and one of sexual communication with a child. The Met said some offences occurred while he was posted at a north London school between May and August 2021. Chehab will be sentenced in March. Detective Chief Superintendent Caroline Haines said: “Once allegations against PC Chehab were made, he was immediately removed from his role. We worked with the school and Enfield local authority to ensure there were no further unreported safeguarding incidents.” 