Many more people may be entitled to Attendance Allowance but have not made a claim. If individuals are living with arthritis, joint or muscle pain, they could be eligible for support from the DWP through Attendance Allowance. The most common disabling condition - an umbrella term used by the DWP to cover a multitude of health conditions - was arthritis (29 percent). Arthritis is a common condition that causes pain and inflammation in a joint. The NHS states arthritis or other joint conditions affect millions of people in the UK, albeit in different ways. The two most common types of arthritis are osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis. READ MORE: Santander issues warning as woman lost over £8,000 in devastating scam - 'I'm wiped out' People should consider applying for Attendance Allowance if they have a disability or illness and need help or supervision throughout the day or at times during the night - even if they do not currently get that help.Help with personal care includes getting dressed, eating or drinking, getting in and out of bed, bathing or showering and going to the toilet. Attendance Allowance is not just for people with a physical disability or illness. People should also consider claiming if they need help or supervision throughout the day or night and have a mental health condition, learning difficulties and a sensory condition - if they are deaf or blind. READ MORE: Inheritance tax: How you can legally avoid 40% charge and reduce bill Claimants could get either £61.85 or £92.40 a week depending on the level of care they need because of their condition. It is paid every four weeks and works out at £247.40 and £369.60 respectively. People can spend the money however they like and it could help them stay independent in their own home for longer. Attendance Allowance isn't means-tested so it doesn't matter what other money people have coming in or how much they have in savings either - there's no limit. It’s tax-free and individuals will be exempt from the Benefit Cap so they won't have money taken away from any other benefits. Attendance Allowance won't affect one’s state pension and they can even claim it if they're still working and earning money. The other benefits people get might increase if they get Attendance Allowance. These include: For more information about Attendance Allowance affecting other benefits, people can check the Government website.