Liam Smith has rubbed salt into the wound of Chris Eubank Jr rubbishing his rival's claim that he won last weekend's contest from a 'once-in-a-lifetime' punch. Eubank Jr was favourite coming into the fight and dominated the third round but was stopped by a series of heavy shots in the fourth. It was the first time that Eubank Jr has been knocked out in his boxing career, both amateur and professional. Eubank Jr is understood to have a rematch clause in the Smith contract and looks set to activate it judging from his words in the aftermath. He told Sky Sports: "A tough night? No I wouldn't even say that, I was having fun, I was landing my shots, I was enjoying the moment. And he caught me with a once-in-a-lifetime shot. I got up, I recovered, he put it on me again with a few more shots and the referee decided it was enough. "I felt like I could go on. I felt like I was aware of what was happening, but it was the referee's decision and I have to respect it. I felt like I was dominating the fight before that happened, so I think we've got an exciting opportunity, at some point in the future, to have that rematch."  READ MORE: Liam Smith accused of knocking Chris Eubank Jr out with 'illegal elbow' as pictures emerge  Smith has responded to Eubank Jr's claim that he was first floored by a 'once-in-a-lifetime shot' by his rival who went down amid a flurry of shots. Speaking on the DAZNBoxing Show he said: "Chris, which one was it? Was the left uppercut the once-in-a-lifetime or the left hook that put you down? I hit you with about five or six. Which was one it?" Fans were quick to suggest it was actually an elbow by Smith which had knocked Eubank Jr to the canvas the first time. Eubank Jr's promotional team have said that they 'may decide' to launch an appeal to the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) over the alleged elbow after footage of the knockout went viral on social media. DON'T MISS:  "We are looking at it," Sauerland told Sky Sports when asked about a potential appeal. Eubank Jr's trainer, Roy Jones Jr, had also raised suggestions of an illegal elbow from Smith in the aftermath of the fight by writing on Instagram: "Avoid Roy Jones Jr as a trainer! Never mind this elbow…… Just avoid him - Damn, If I can take all that away from a fighter via training, no wonder I raised so much hell in my day!" Sauerland added that Eubank Jr and his team will be considering whether to activate their re-match clause adding: "We obviously have that rematch clause, but we'll let the dust settle. We've got a few weeks to activate that. We'll take an internal discussion, see what the best way forward is for Jr and go from there." 