Liverpool icon and Sky Sports pundit Jamie Carragher has hit back at agent Kia Joorabchian after the intermediary made a dig at him following the ex-defender’s Monday Night Football claims that he played a role in Everton’s downfall. Joorabchian went on talkSPORT to defend himself on Wednesday and did not hold back in his criticisms of Carragher. He explained that Carragher was incorrect that Joorabchian had an influence on decisions at Goodison Park due to his relationship with owner Farhad Moshiri, in a vehement defence of his actions. “When Simon [Jordan, talkSPORT pundit] says something I quite respect it,” he said. “Because he’s an educated person, unlike someone like a Jamie Carragher who unfortunately lives in a glass house, spits out of car windows and has no education in terms of his background when he makes a comment. "I’ve done three transfers of my players over the course of Farhad's tenure at Everton. Those three were Richarlison from Watford which was a very successful transfer, a free transfer of Bernard who came from Shakhtar Donetsk when his contract finished and he was a player who wasn’t a complete disaster and did very well. "We had Carlo Ancelotti who was the only manager they’ve ever taken on a recommendation. We always do the same as we do with any club in the Premier League, every time someone needs a manager and we have a client, we always present our clients. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE "Then we were involved in the Anwar El Ghazi loan which was part of the Lucas Digne transfer in an FFP scenario. Anwar came in this way and unfortunately that didn’t work out for them because there was a change of manager and when that change occurred, Anwar wasn’t in the new manager's plans." Carragher was suspended by Sky in 2018 for spitting out of his car window into another vehicle, while the pundit explained that there was “no need” for Joorabchian to bring personal matters into a discussion about football, while also making a dig at the agent for his previous influences at Arsenal. He tweeted: “Kia, there is no need to get personal, I’m just analysing your role in football clubs! Involved in helping Everton to the bottom of PL [shrug emoji] Involved at QPR, which ended with relegation [shrug emoji]. Your signings at Arsenal took them to 8th, now they’ve gone, they’re top [shrug emoji].” DON'T MISSNewcastle 'put Saint-Maximin up for sale' as swap proposal comes to lightMan Utd chiefs think Erik ten Hag has signed his very own Jack GrealishArsenal boss Arteta explains plan for third signing after Trossard and Kiwior Everton are currently 19th in the league table, having sacked Frank Lampard and saw Arnaut Danjuma make a U-turn on joining the club and instead moved to Tottenham despite having agreed a deal with the Merseyside club and completed the relevant media duties of a new signing. Carragher, on Sky, felt that Joorabchian had “caused problems” for Everton in the past. "You start with the owner, Farhad Moshiri, he doesn’t know what he’s doing but he’s got a lot of money,” Carragher said. "He’s put a lot of money in. He’s got a very unhealthy relationship with Kia Joorabchian, and that partnership has caused a lot of problems at Everton. Players coming in, managers getting changed left, right and centre. Why does every Everton manager fail? Why?"