Police hunting a guman who killed 10 people at a ballroom dance studio amid Lunar New Year celebrations have surrounded a van in which a body has been found believed to belong to the lead suspect. Footage on ABC 7 showed a white van surrounded by two armoured SWAT vans. Police had earlier said the were interested in a "white cargo van" seen in the area of the shooting. Officers searching for the suspect found a body in the driver's seat at around 1.10pm (9.10pm GMT). Authorities did not initially confirm if the dead person in the van was the gunman. However, Los Angeles County Sheriff Robert Luna later confirmed the body was that of the gunman at a news conference. The announcement comes after a local journalist claimed the suspect had killed himself. Long Beach Press Telegram's Kristy Hutchings said on Twitter: "Just confirmed with an anonymous source in law enforcement that the suspect in the white van shot and killed himself after being pulled over for a traffic stop this morning." Police had been searching for a suspect since around 10.20pm (6.20am GMT) on Saturday following the attack in Monterey Park. At least another 10 people were injured and taken to hospital for treatment. The condition of the wounded ranged from critical to stable. Detectives released an image of the suspect for the shooting earlier, showing a man in a black and white bobble hat and glasses. Officers cordoned off the scene and at least one bullet hole can be seen on the driver's side of the vehicle. Mr Luna also said the shooting at the Star Ballroom Dance Studio left five women and five men dead.  A man with a gun entered the Lai Lai Ballroom in nearby Alhambra around 30 minutes later. Luna said it is still unclear whether the events are connected. A male Asian suspect entered the Alhambra club with a gun, and people wrestled the weapon away from him before he fled, Luna said. The sheriff declined to say what type of gun was recovered in Alhambra. He said investigators believe the gun used in Monterey Park was not an assault rifle. The massacre, which sent fear through Monterey Park and Alhambra’s large Asian-American communities, was the nation's fifth mass killing this month. It was also the deadliest attack since May 24, when 21 people were killed in an elementary school in Uvalde, Texas. Monterey Park is a city of about 60,000 people on the eastern edge of Los Angeles and is composed mostly of Asian immigrants from China or first-generation Asian-Americans. The shooting happened in the heart of its downtown where red lanterns decorated the streets for the Lunar New Year festivities. A police car was parked near a large banner that proclaimed “Happy Year of the Rabbit!” The celebration in Monterey Park is one of California’s largest and had attracted tens of thousands throughout the day. Two days of festivities, which have been attended by as many as 100,000 people in past years, were planned. But officials cancelled Sunday’s events following the shooting.  Tony Lai, 35, of Monterey Park was stunned when he came out for his early morning walk to learn that the noises he heard in the night were gunshots. He said: “I thought maybe it was fireworks. I thought maybe it had something to do with Lunar New Year, and we don’t even get a lot of fireworks here. It’s weird to see this. "It’s really safe here. We’re right in the middle of the city, but it’s really safe.” The shooting occurred at Star Ballroom Dance Studio, a few blocks from city hall on Monterey Park's main thoroughfare of Garvey Avenue, which is dotted with strip malls of small businesses whose signs are in both English and Chinese. Cantonese and Mandarin are both widely spoken, Chinese holidays are celebrated, and Chinese films are screened regularly in the city. The business offered dance lessons from tango to rumba to the fox trot, and rented its space for events. On Saturday, its website said it was hosting an event called “Star Night” from 8pm to 11.30pm Seung Won Choi, who owns the Clam House seafood barbecue restaurant across the street from where the shooting happened, told The Los Angeles Times that three people rushed into his business and told him to lock the door. The people said to Choi that there was a shooter with a gun who had multiple rounds of ammunition on him. Wong Wei, who lives nearby, also told The Los Angeles Times that his friend was in a bathroom at the dance studio when the shooting started. When she came out, he said, she saw a gunman and three bodies. The friend then fled to Wei's home at around 11pm. He added that his friends told him that the shooter appeared to fire indiscriminately with a long gun. 