Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has a huge problem on his hands with three players following the heavy defeat to Brighton. The Reds' poor form continued as the Seagulls ran riot with a 3-0 win at the Amex on Saturday. A brace from Solly March and a late strike from Danny Welbeck condemned Liverpool to their sixth Premier League defeat of the season. The problems in attack continue to mount up, with Darwin Nunez missing due to an injury which forced him to miss training in the last few days. Cody Gakpo was given a start up top but the January signing struggled to make an impact on his Premier League debut. But the main issues for Klopp lie in midfield. The German was able to field what many believe is his best midfield trio. Jordan Henderson and Thiago Alcantara lined up alongside Fabinho in the middle of the park. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  However, they were completely outplayed by their Brighton counterparts. Moises Caicedo, a reported target for Liverpool, shone for the hosts, while Alexis Mac Allister was making his first home appearance since winning the World Cup with Argentina. Former Reds star Adam Lallana played in the No 10 role, while Liverpool were not able to keep with the wide threat of March and Karou Mitoma. With Virgil van Dijk missing in defence, and a host of strikers absent, Klopp can quite rightly point to injuries as a reason for issues in those positions. However, he has no excuse in midfield. Fabinho has been nowhere near his best this season, but is still the best holding midfielder Liverpool have. There aren't many other options Liverpool fans would choose ahead of captain Henderson or Thiago. Klopp now has a huge problem as three of his regular first-team stars are, at the moment, not playing at a good enough level. Liverpool are unlikely to spend again in this window, as Klopp made clear at his press conference on Friday. DON'T MISSChelsea hijack Mudryk to Arsenal transfer 'as £88m bid ready'Arsenal sent Mudryk warning after making breakthrough in transfer talksMan Utd have signed another Nani as chiefs come to transfer realisation  Reds legend Jamie Carragher said earlier this month that recruiting in midfield is a necessity and questioned the acquisition of Gakpo. He said on Sky Sports: "I don’t know what’s happened to Liverpool in terms of midfield. "Liverpool have not bought a proper midfielder – or one – in four and a half years, Thiago. So, it’s coming back to haunt them now "How it’s been allowed to happen that Liverpool did not sign a midfielder in the summer… And have signed Gakpo now. If Liverpool think they can get top four without signing a midfielder, they’ve got absolutely no chance." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 