Currently, the state pension age is 66, but it is not set to remain at this level forever. Rises to 67 and 68 are already planned, with the timings of this set to be decided soon. Under new Government plans, it has been reported, the retirement age is set to rise to 68 by the end of the 2030s. A Government review on the state pension age is currently ongoing, with potentially significant results. The Government has stated the review will consider whether the rules around pensionable age are appropriate. Life expectancy data and other evidence will be considered. READ MORE: Lloyds Bank issues warning as text loses woman hundreds The announcement stated: “As the number of people over state pension age increases, due to a growing population and people on average living longer, the Government needs to make sure that decisions on how to manage its costs are, robust, fair and transparent for taxpayers now and in the future. “It must also ensure that as the population becomes older, the state pension continues to provide the foundation for retirement planning and financial security.” The review is considering whether the increase to age 68 should be brought forward to 2037 to 2039. However, The Sun reported the Treasury is said to want the change to 68 to come in as early as 2035. DON'T MISS700,000 people may be due state pension backpay after DWP error [INSIGHT]State pension alert as some Britons at ‘automatic disadvantage’ [UPDATE]1950s-born woman avoids using heating as she waits for state pension [ANALYSIS] It means millions born in the 1970s and later are likely to be told they must work for longer - impacting those who are 54 and under today. This could occur as soon as the March Budget, The Sun added. A Government source told the newspaper: “There is a real risk that more people will die before they reach retirement and can draw their pensions, given the change in life expectancy projections since 2017 if we were to bring the state pension age increase too far forward. "That would be especially true of people in the most deprived areas of the country where life expectancy is already lower.” READ MORE: UK residents aged 45 to 70 urged to check state pension now One expert recently said the state pension age increase would have to be accelerated due to financial worries for the Government. Steven Cameron, pensions director at Aegon, said: “The Government will shortly publish findings of its review into state pension age. “There’s a strong likelihood that on affordability grounds, this will have to increase beyond age 67, earlier than currently planned.” An acceleration of a state pension age hike could help to save the Government billions of pounds. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea However, it may not be popular with voters ahead of the general election - expected in 2025. A DWP spokesperson previously told Express.co.uk: “No decision has been taken on changes to the state pension age. “The Government is required by law to regularly review the state pension age and the second state pension age review is currently considering, based on a wide range of evidence including latest life expectancy data and two independent reports, whether the rules around state pension age remain appropriate. “The review will be published in early 2023.”