Celebrity chef Gregg Wallace knows a thing or two about food and maintaining a healthy diet. What's more, he has managed to lose 5st since 2017. He spoke on Lorraine about how we can slim down, outlining the "three horsemen of the getting fat apocalypse". Christmas and New Year are almost synonymous with overeating, over-drinking and general overindulging. While it is always fun to socialise and let our hair down, many of us will feel self-conscious returning to normality if we have put on some weight. But how can we lose our excess fat again with just three doable changes? Gregg Wallace shared the three main villains when it comes to putting on weight. READ MORE: Man drops 8st in 10 months with simple activity - pictures He stated: "There are three horsemen, I think, of the get fat apocalypse - snacking, takeaways and booze." Gregg continued: "Stop snacking. We're in the middle of a huge problem with snack culture." He explained that grazing between meals has become so commonplace in society that people ask him what they should snack on rather than whether or not they should be snacking in the first place. For many of us "food is happening by accident", according to the expert, with more people eating mindlessly and without purpose. He suggested that meal prepping is the solution, as many of us grab and go when it comes to meals. This can lead us to pick foods for ease rather than nutrition. After grabbing a meal deal at lunch, complete with a sandwich, fizzy drinks and a packet of crisps, many will wander home with no idea about what's for dinner. This mindset encourages people to order more takeaways as they are quick, easy and require next to no effort. The solution is to "menu plan". Prepping three substantial, nutrient rich meals packed with protein will keep the body full and stop you from reaching for junk in between. READ MORE: 55-year-old drops two stone overhauling her fitness routine - pictures Following these three rules most of the time means that Gregg has "never" calorie counted. The expert shared his top tip for not getting carried away when on the booze. Many will be doing the popular Dry January challenge this month, but those still enjoying a tipple can do so without packing on the pounds. The celeb chef revealed that his Italian wife taught him a way of drinking that allows him to relax and unwind whilst maintaining a healthy weight. Calling it a "revolutionary" idea, he explained that knowing the effect you want from the alcohol you're drinking is crucial. This means deciding what you want from the alcohol when you start and understanding when you've got there. From there, it's important to slow down to make sure you can maintain that level, rather than simply drinking more. It's about getting to a state of "euphoria" and maintaining it as opposed to reaching for that next glass and ending up "argumentative or in tears".