Queen Letizia of Spain attended the New Year Military parade celebration at the Royal Palace today in Madrid. Queen Letizia wore a red embroidered long dress by Felipe Varela, at the Pascua Militar ceremony (or Epiphany Day) as it is known in Spanish. As it is customary for royal women to wear a full-length dress to the Pascua Militar ceremony, Queen Letizia wore a Felipe Varela red gown featuring rich embroidery cascading down the sides and sleeves. The Queen of Spain has previously worn this designer dress on two occasions. The first time was when Letizia was still a Princess in 2013 at the reception of the Diplomatic Corps. Then Queen Letizia wore the dress for the first time as Queen Consort in 2017 at the same event. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's £140k engagement ring looks 'vintage' - pictures  Today was the first time Letizia had worn this dress in six years, making it a great sustainable choice for the Spanish Queen. King Felipe of Spain led the celebration as the commander of the Armed Forces. The Pascua Militar is a military ceremony that takes place every January 6 in the Royal Palace of Madrid. When standing outside for the parade, the Queen Consort wore a Carolina Herrera "Faux Fur-Trimmed Cape" to cover her Felipe Varela red gown.  Letizia first debuted this black cape in 2021 and it looked nice and cosy in the cold weather today. For footwear, Queen Letizia opted for one of her favourite brands, her Magrit Shoes pumps. She wore her "Red Suede Leather" pumps which she has worn since 2016. They perfectly matched the Queen Consort's bold red dress, making them a perfect choice. READ MORE: Princess Nina of Greece wows in hot pink gown - pictures   These cost a whopping €1,680, or roughly £1,40 in British Sterling, and looked incredible on Letizia. Their description says: "I AM RED is a statement of principles and sentiments through red: love, beauty and liberty. "18kt rose gold earrings with diamonds (0,26 ct) and rubies (0,32 ct)."  Royal fans loved Queen Letizia's look today, especially due to her sustainability practices. Instagram user @courtmanchu said: "Another royal who knows how to rock a repeat!" Similarly, @florence.pit added: "Love the silhouette and the colour." Another fan, @luxmeagainpreloved commented: "She looks stunning. This is a beautiful colour on Letizia. Love the earrings always!"