A man arrested outside a maternity unit in Leeds last week has been charged with plotting a terrorist attack. Nick Price, Head of the CPS Special Crime and Counter Terrorism Division, said: “The CPS has authorised Counter Terrorism Police North East to charge a man with a terrorism offence after he was arrested outside St James's Hospital in Leeds last Friday (January 20). Mr Price continued: “Mohammed Farooq, 27, of Leeds, has been charged with preparation of a terrorist act, contrary to the Terrorism Act 2006. "He has also been charged with possession of an explosive substance and possession of an imitation firearm. “We remind all concerned that criminal proceedings against Mohammed Farooq are active and that he has the right to a fair trial.” He will appear via videolink at Westminster Magistrates’ Court tomorrow (Friday 27 January). Wards on the hospital's Gledhow wing were evacuated as a result of discovery of a suspicious package on January 20. Army specialists and a bomb disposal unit were called in. Detective Chief Superintendent James Dunkerley, head of Counter Terrorism Policing North East, said: "We understand people may have concerns following last week's arrest and the resulting charges. "For counter terrorism policing and its partners, public safety remains our priority at all times and an extensive and thorough investigation has led to the charges brought today.  "These inquiries have confirmed our initial assessment that this was an isolated incident. "We are satisfied that there is currently no evidence of an increased risk to the public, within our communities or the UK hospital estate, in connection with this investigation. "Despite this, the UK threat level remains at substantial, and history has shown us we can't afford to be complacent. "Public vigilance is invaluable in supporting the efforts of counter terrorism policing and its partners to protect our communities from harm.  "Every year thousands of reports from the public help police to respond early to potentially suspicious activity. "If you see or hear something that doesn't seem right, trust your instincts and ACT by reporting to police in confidence at gov.uk/ACT. In an emergency, always dial 999. "We're grateful for the support we've received from the public during this investigation. "We'd particularly like to thank the staff and patients at St James's Hospital for their patience and co-operation throughout the disruption last Friday." We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express