Scottish Esports star Lucas Blakeley stunned Valtteri Bottas as he claimed his latest major F1 scalp in the opening round of the ROC Nations Cup. Blakeley, who was crowned on Friday as the eRoc world champion, continued a dream weekend as he produced a flawless drive in the star-studded motorsport event. Blakeley, 21, shocked racing fans last year when he clocked a quicker time than four-time F1 world champion Sebastian Vettel in the annual motorsport curtain-raiser. And the youngster caused the first upset of 2023 on the treacherous course as he got the better of Bottas, the only current F1 driver in this weekend’s line-up in Sweden. He comfortably defeated Bottas in the Nations Cup match up on the frozen Baltic Sea track - located just 60 kilometres south of the Arctic Circle. Blakeley had qualified for the Nations Event as part of Team eROC with Dutchman Jarno Opmeer after Friday’s victory and made the most of the opportunity as his team knocked out Team Finland 3-1 in the opening round. JUST IN: Mercedes factory mood 'tense' as 'good engineers' leave Silver Arrows  But he could not reproduce his magic as he was defeated by Vettel - who was representing the German team -  following an early mistake. Blakeley’s side were knocked out after former Haas driver Mick Scumacher also beat his teammate Opmeer. F1 stars Vettel and Schumacher had previously knocked out the Team GB team made up of David Coulthard and W Series champion Jamie Chadwick. And impressive Blakeley had no regrets after his sim racers team was knocked out of the competition. “Gave it 110%, left nothing on the table, and ultimately it was my undoing but I think both @jarno_ompeer and I can be proud of what we managed today, we had genuine pace on all races and gave it everything,” he tweeted.  “Thank you so much for the support and GG to Team Finland and Germany. I’d rather lose by giving it 110% and make mistakes than give it 90% and have no chance at all, to even be in this position was a major privilege and I hope we did you all proud.” Before the racing began, Vettel praised Blakeley for the ease in which he has transferred from the virtual wheel to the dangers of the real-life track. “Obviously I’m not the expert to ask, because I don’t have that much experience behind the sim wheel,” he said. “But it’s very tough, you need a lot of practice.” “We’ve seen many examples, also last year, they did incredibly well also jumping behind the wheel of the real cars and doing really well. So, yeah. It’s crazy how much esports has grown over the last years, and it’s great that ROC as well gives the opportunity to those guys to fight it out and then step out and live, let’s say, the real car experience as well. It’s fun.”