 On Friday fans were shocked as Jake Paul, 26, seemingly announced the birth of Tommy Fury’s daughter before the boxer and girlfriend Molly-Mae Hague had the chance. He taunted the boxer saying he “has no excuses now” to turn down a professional fight with the YouTuber.   Molly-Mae Hague, 23, and Tommy, 23, have been eagerly awaiting the arrival of their first child together after announcing her pregnancy in September. Last week the Love Island star revealed she had just days to go, but ever since both expectant parents have been quiet. This caused concern in their fanbase as the influencer has been consistent in sharing almost daily updates documenting her pregnancy online. On Friday afternoon YouTuber Jake ominously tweeted: “Tommy has no excuses now - Baby’s born. READ MORE: Sopranos' John Ventimiglia 'heartbroken' as daughter Odele dies at 25 after welcoming baby  "Money’s massive. Immigration no issue. “Tyson promises he and Papa will make Tommy retire from boxing and change his last name if he can’t beat the YouTuber. "Tomorrow I’m coming to London to look at all 3 Fury’s in the eye and shake on that promise." Fans in the comments section began taking “bets” on who would win the fight while other’s joked about what excuses Jake or Tommy would use to pull out before the fight even starts.     One joked: “Rather than bet on the fight, you're better to bet on how long it'll be before Tommy finds an excuse as to why the fight can't happen: ‘I got split ends bro, my hair needs time to heal first’.” Many noted the casual announcement of Molly-Mae and Tommy’s baby was “hilarious” but some argued that they would not believe it until the couple themselves announced the birth. A follower wrote in the comments of Jake’s tweet: “I think it's disrespectful for Jake to release the baby news. Both Tommy and Molly had kept quiet. “It might be some reason. It should be them who should release the news to world.”  Since the tweet was released, a statement made to Express.co.uk confirmed that Tommy and Jake will be taking to the ring soon, albeit not this weekend as the YouTuber alluded to in his tweet. However, the statement also noted that Tommy and Molly-Mae are still “excitedly awaiting the arrival of their first child”. The fight is set to take place on February 26 in Saudi Arabia in a bid to settle the virtual battle between the pair. Tommy said of the fight: “Jake Paul’s boxing career ends on February 26th and I can finally move on with mine. Every time I go out right now, everybody asks me about the Jake Paul fight.   “After this fight is done, everybody will be asking me how it felt to knock Jake Paul out. The world is about to see what happens when a proper boxer faces a YouTuber. “It won’t be a long fight. I have been training hard and have the best team around me, Jake Paul makes a lot of noise outside the ring but the only sound we are going to hear in the ring is him hitting the canvas.” The Love Islander became a professional boxer in 2018 and had won two professional fights before entering the Love Island villa where he met Molly-Mae. Similarly, Jake made his first venture into the right in an amateur fight in 2018 and by 2020 had turned professional with a string of high-profile rounds following shortly after. Express.co.uk has contacted Molly-Mae’s representatives for comment.