Prince Harry's popularity has sunk to a record low after claims about the Royal Family in his upcoming book, the latest poll shows. Almost two-thirds (64 percent) of Britons have a negative view of Harry with just a quarter (26 percent) seeing him in a positive light, according to the YouGov survey.  The poll shows even younger Brits, who generally tend to favour Prince Harry, are now divided. Forty-one percent have a positive impression and 41 percent a negative one. This compares to December when there was a twenty-point lead with 49 percent holding a positive view and 29 percent a negative one. Attitudes towards King Charles, Kate, Princess of Wales, and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex remain unchanged since December's survey, according to YouGov. There has a drop in Prince William’s popularity with the number of people with a positive view of the new Prince of Wales falling eight points from 77 percent in December to 69 percent last week. At the same time the number with a negative view rose from 15 percent to 20 percent, according to YouGov.  The figures come ahead of the release of Harry's book Spare, which is due out on Tuesday. It sparked a public outcry after it emerged the Duke of Sussex includes claims the Prince of Wales physically attacked him in the work. Harry's tell-all book includes details of how he killed 25 Taliban members during the Afghanistan war. He also recounts how he took cocaine and lost his virginity to an older woman in a field behind a busy pub. In television interviews, the Duke has also revealed he is not texting his brother. He described the Queen Consort as "the villain" and criticised "family members" for a "really horrible reaction" when Elizabeth II died. He spoke to ITV presenter Tom Bradby, denying branding the royals racist and accusing his family of "getting into bed with the devil". READ ABOUT HARRY SHOWING DOUBTS WHEN DISCUSSING THE ROYAL FAMILY In its analysis, YouGov said Harry's revelations have generated the intended media coverage ahead of the launch of Spare, but if the Duke of Sussex had hoped they would also generate greater sympathy for him among the public, he was mistaken. Meanwhile, a supporter of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex has said the couple may now retreat for the rest of the year, having told their stories. Omid Scobie said the frankness of Harry's memoir is the result of a man who for all his life has not been able to share a word of it. He added there is not really much else to say and so royal watchers can expect to see a change in the months ahead. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry slammed as 'paranoid' and 'unhinged' [OPINION] Prince Harry swipes at ITV just minutes into interview with Tom Bradby [REVEALED] Harry hits back at Tom Bradby in tense exchange [REPORT] Mr Scobie told the BBC: "He's watched other people tell that story over and over again, including journalists such as myself. I think this is Harry finally wanting to put his voice on the historical royal record. "Of course, that does come with some downsides for those who have been part of his journey. We heard some sort of really startling confessions and stories about members of the Royal Family, particularly when it comes to Camilla and her relationship with the press. "This is really just Harry sort of pulling the curtain back on it all. We're actually getting, I guess, the look behind palace walls that we've always wanted." Harry told CBS the Queen Consort was "the villain" and the third person in the marriage between his father and Princess Diana. He claimed Camilla "needed to rehabilitate her image" and that "made her dangerous" because of the connections that she was forging within the British press. He said: "And there was open willingness on both sides to trade information and with a family built on hierarchy, and with her on the way to being Queen Consort, there was going to be people or bodies left in the street because of that."    In his interview with Cooper, Harry also said he was not invited onboard a plane taking other members of the Royal Family to Balmoral before Elizabeth II's death. He said: "I asked my brother...'What are your plans, how are you and Kate getting up there?' "And then a couple of hours later all of the family members that live within the Windsor and Ascot area were jumping on a plane together, a plane with 12, 14 maybe 16 seats." Cooper asked him: "You are not provided on that plane?" To which Harry replied: "I was not invited." He added by the time he had reached Balmoral his grandmother was already dead.  Harry told Good Morning America his mother would be heartbroken if she were alive to hear of his claims William's office was involved in leaking and planting stories in the press. Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace have not responded to Harry's claims. YouGov surveyed 1,693 adults in the UK at the end of last week. Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10.