Mick Schumacher has posted a touching message to his father Michael as the seven-time champion celebrates his birthday. The former Haas driver uploaded two photos of the German on Instagram alongside a loving tribute. One image showed the pair posing together when Mick was younger while the other was of Schumacher behind the wheel at the height of his F1 career. The post came with the caption: “Happy birthday to the best Dad ever. Love you!” It comes just days after Mick posed for a photo alongside his mother and sister for Christmas. However, Michael was not included in the photo with the ex-Ferrari star not seen since he suffered brain injuries in a skiing accident back in 2013. Scuderia Ferrari has also uploaded a special message to their former champion to celebrate the German’s birthday. They posted: "With you on your birthday, @schumacher. Today and all days.” READ MORE: German F1 fans told they should be 'ashamed' with post-Schumacher era Mercedes also sent their birthday messages just weeks after signing up Mick as their reserve driver. The 23-year-old penned a deal with the Silver Arrows after team boss Toto Wolff stressed he wanted to “look after” the youngster. Schumacher was let go by Haas just one race before the end of the season to secure the services of F1 returnee Nico Hulkenberg. Wolff has claimed Schumacher could step into Lewis Hamilton or George Russell’s shoes at short notice due to his precious experience in the sport. He also praised Mick’s calm approach and hunger to learn and improve as key assets for the team. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen tipped to copy Lewis Hamilton and Michael Schumacher [INSIGHT]Fernando Alonso feared Michael Schumacher issues after F1 comeback [ANALYSIS]Schumacher's wife recalls private conversation over huge career move [COMMENT] Michael has been recovering at home in Switzerland since leaving hospital in 2014. His ex-Ferrari boss Jean Todt said Schumacher was still facing “consequences” from his accident. However, he revealed there was hope things will “slowly but surely improve”. Wife Corinna recently said that Schumacher still gives the family “strength” as he continues his rehabilitation. She explained: “I miss Michael every day. But it's not just me who misses him. It's the children, the family, his father, everyone around him. I mean, everybody misses Michael, but Michael is here. "Different, but he's here and that gives us strength, I find. We try to carry on a family as Michael liked it and still does. And we are getting on with our lives. 'Private is private', as he always said. It is very important to me that he can continue to enjoy his private life as much as possible. Michael always protected us, and now we are protecting Michael."