Donald Trump's 2024 campaign attorney has accused Joe Biden's legal team of carrying out a "clean-up job" after classified documents were found at his home. Christina Bobb has made unfounded allegations of foul play against White House lawyers as outrage around the new investigation intensifies. Ms Bobb accused CNN, the New York Times and various Democrats of being involved in the "clean up job". Ms Bobb, a former marine, made the allegations on a podcast with Steve Bannon, Trump's former White House strategist. She claimed: "It’s a clean-up job. "They’re all singing that song. "It lets you know that that’s the cover-up it’s not the actual story. READ MORE: Biden to be investigated by Special Counsel after classified documents found in his garage "So I don’t think the actual story has come out yet." She added that it was "extremely interesting" that the confidential documents may contain sensitive information on Ukraine. She was referring here to information shared with CNN and The New York Times. Sources told the newspapers that the first set of 10 classified documents included briefing materials on foreign countries - including Ukraine, Iran and the United Kingdom - from Mr Biden's time as Vice President. DON'T MISSHollywood has 'had enough' of 'toxic' Harry and Meghan [LATEST]Female cop fired after performing wild sex romps on duty [REPORT]Man found alive after two days 'at bottom of sea' [INSIGHT] It's important to note that these are merely claims and many questions remain unanswered about the Biden case. What we do know is that three tranches of official files - dating back to Biden's time as Vice President - have been discovered in his home and private office. And according to CNN, these documents were mixed in with other non-classified papers, including details about the funeral of Beau Biden, the president's son, who died in 2015. READ MORE: Joe Biden classified docs: Timeline, implications & 'important' difference to Trump probe It's also reported that some of the documents were labelled as top secret, the highest level of classification. On Thursday, Mr Biden's personal lawyer issued a statement that said the files were "Obama-Biden Administration records" meaning these, too, date back to his eight years as Vice President. The President's attorneys then announced on Saturday that five additional documents were found in the room adjacent to his garage. This is the third set found in Biden's possession and a total of 16 overall. A statement by White House lawyer Richard Sauber said the files were found after the discovery of a document in the President's garage. Express.co.uk has reached out the White House press office for comment.