Despite rumours that it would be unveiled during the 2023 Royal Rumble, 2K Sports has surprised wrestling fans with an early announcement for WWE 2K23 on PS4, PS5, Xbox consoles and PC via Steam. Even better news is that the upcoming WWE game will be available very soon, and even sooner if you pre-order the Deluxe or ICON Edition. Indeed, if you pre-order the Deluxe Edition from the link below, you can start playing WWE 2K23 from March 14. Read on for more information about WWE 2K23, including the differences between each version, gameplay footage, screenshots and more. The WWE 2K23 Standard Edition is available on PS4, PS5, Xbox Series X, Xbox Series S, Xbox One, and PC via Steam. It costs £57.85 for the physical edition at ShopTo (check out the link below), or £51.85 if you want a copy on PS4 or Xbox One. Digital versions cost £64.99 on the PlayStation and Xbox Stores. The Standard Edition has a March 17 release date. Sadly, while you don't get early access to the game, the Standard Edition does come with one or two bonuses. First up is the Bad Bunny Pack, which adds rap superstar Bad Bunny as a playable character. Bad Bunny appeared in the 2022 Royal Rumble match, where he eliminated Sheamus and Dolph Ziggler. He's also a former 24/7 Champion, pinning Akira Tozawa to the win the gold. In addition to Bad Bunny as a playable character, customers will also receive the Ruby tier Bad Bunny MyFaction card. The WWE 2K23 Deluxe Edition is available on PS4, PS5, Xbox Series X, Xbox Series S, Xbox One and PC via Steam. It costs £84.99 for the physical edition at GAME, or £89.99 for the digital download version on the PlayStation and Xbox Store. As a special bonus for customers willing to stump up the extra cash, the Deluxe Edition comes with three days early access, giving it a launch date of March 14. It also comes with the WWE 2K23 Season Pass, which encompasses five DLC packs, typically containing additional characters. That's on top of the MyRISE Mega-Boost and SuperCharger; Ruby John Cena MyFaction Evo Card, Gold Edge MyFaction Card, Emerald Bianca Belair MyFaction Card, Gold Asuka MyFaction Card, and three Basic Premium Launch MyFaction Card Packs. Needless to say, pre-order customers will also receive the Bad Bunny Pack mentioned above. The WWE 2K23 ICON Edition is available on PS5, Xbox Series X, Xbox Series S, and PC via Steam. Available as a digital-only download, the ICON Edition costs £104.99 on the PlayStation and Xbox Store. Much like the Deluxe Edition, it has a March 14 early access date. The ICON Edition comes with all of the bonus content found in the Deluxe and Standard Editions, including the Bad Bunny Pack, the Season Pass and various MyFaction cards. Elsewhere, the ICON Edition contains the Ruthless Aggression Pack, which features John Cena’s early 'Prototype' character from his time in UPW and OVW. That's on top of the 'Leviathan' variation of Batista, as well as developmental versions of Brock Lesnar and Randy Orton. You'll also receive the John Cena Legacy Championship and WrestleMania 22 Arena. Additional bonus content includes an Emerald Paul Heyman MyFaction Manager Card, and three Deluxe Premium Launch MyFaction Card Packs. Building on last year's much improved release, WWE 2K23 is headlined by a brand new 2K Showcase mode starring John Cena. Judging by the gameplay trailer further up the page, players will take part in legendary John Cena bouts against the likes of Kurt Angle, The Undertaker, Batista, The Rock and RVD. "Spanning his 20-year WWE career and narrated by Cena himself, this interactive sports entertainment documentary uses 2K’s unique Slingshot Tech for a seamless transition from gameplay to live-action footage to bring pivotal moments in each match to life," 2K explains. Fans of classic NWA and WCW will also be pleased to find out that WarGames is making its debut in the WWE 2K series. Featuring two rings surrounded by a double-steel cage, WarGames can be played in 3v3 and 4v4 single player or multiplayer variants. According to 2K Sports, the upcoming wrestling release also makes improvements to MyGM, MyRise, MyFaction and Universe modes.