Cold walls can encourage dangerous mould growth around the house, and while the same can be said for damp carpets, tiles, wood, and laminate are less problematic. However, it doesn't mean they are any less uncomfortable to walk on during the winter months. Even with the heating, certain materials remain cold to the touch and can seem impossible to fix without making significant changes. But according to British Gas engineer, Joanna Flowers, there are smaller, affordable ways to "warm up". Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, she said: "Cold flooring can be uncomfortable, especially in bedrooms and living spaces around the home. It’s important to ensure you maximise the heat in the room to help keep the floor as warm as possible. "You wouldn’t leave the back door open when the heating’s on, but warm air could still be escaping without you realising – and cold air could be sneaking in." She explained that draught excluders are one of your best bets if you struggle with cold flooring, particularly "door snake" styles that block ground-level moving between rooms. Draught excluders are available from most DIY stores, and are an "easy and affordable way to proof your home". Joanna added: "As well as sealing the joins around your doors and windows, don’t overlook extra measures like letterbox brushes, chimney balloons and even keyhole coverings." READ MORE: Plumber’s £1 method to remove toilet limescale - will look ‘like new’ Blocking the flow of cold air is one way to minimise the chill on different floor types, but it's not the only remedy. In fact, there are several other quick fixes you can try for immediate results, according to Jonathon Rolande, property buyer and co-founded House Buy Fast. He told Express.co.uk: "Investing in a rug is a simple yet timeless warming solution, and it has the added bonus of making the space more inviting. Strategically placed area rugs create conversation corners and reading nooks, which can be carved out of pieces of a larger room. "They can also be employed near beds, doorways, and in bathrooms where people tend to be barefoot, providing some cushioning and warmth." While the upfront cost may not be as much as a good rug, a floor heater is also worth considering. Jonathon noted that these are especially beneficial for households with members who "stay in one place or room", adding that they are "a cost-effective way to keep the floor warm come winter". Shoppers rush to buy heated mattress topper that costs nothing to run [LATEST]‘Most effective’ method to use tin foil to boost radiator efficiency [REVEAL]Electrician shares ‘clever’ curtain method to keep your home warm [INSIGHT] Some of the most common types of floor heaters include radiant floor heating systems which can keep all types of flooring materials "warm and comfortable". According to the HouseBuyFast expert, these are most effective for tiled floors. Cove heaters, which stop heat loss and cold air from coming through the cracks in doors and windows are also worth considering, as are toe-tick heaters which are commonly known as under-cabinet heaters. Both are ideal for warming up larger surface areas in a short time, though you could also try a space heater. Jonathon noted that these are often portable, and heat up temperatures in a small area. He said: "If your basement flooring is a concrete slab, the warm air from a space heater can warm up the area quickly." READ MORE: Octopus Energy to bring solar panels to British homes and slash bills If you're considering a long-term solution to dodge the battle of cold flooring in winter, you may need to dig deeper than simply changing the surface material in chilly rooms. The property expert explained that there are a variety of flat, resilient flooring options such as vinyl, linoleum, and laminate that will "take on the temperature of whatever surface they are installed over". He said: "If they are placed directly on a concrete subfloor then they will inherit the naturally chilly properties of that material. Even with plywood subfloors, there can still be a drafty feel during winter’s chill. "One solution is underlayment. This is installed above the subfloor but below the surface covering. "It usually consists of cork, foam, rubber, or some other natural insulating material, and can help improve the warmth of the area while adding genuine R-value to the floor, which cuts down on energy costs." Thermal tiles are another useful remedy that can keep floors "at least eight degrees warmer in winter", according to Jonathon. They are also easy to install as they can be placed right above the concrete foundation along with normal tiles. The subfloor tiles work with esthetic materials like ceramic to keep your floors "perennially warm" throughout the seasons by decreasing the upward seeping of coldness - particularly at night when temperatures drop significantly. Jonathon added that while thermal tiles are more costly than other quick fixes, they are "a one-time investment" and a "great alternative to underfloor heating which isn't cheap".