Stefanos Tsitsipas declared that Novak Djokovic was the GOAT after the Serb beat him to win a record 10th Australian Open title. The 35-year-old downed the third seed 6-4 7-6(4) 7-6(5) to win both a 10th trophy in Melbourne and a 22nd Grand Slam title overall, matching long-time rival Rafael Nadal's record. And Tsitsipas declared his opponent the greatest player of all time as he reached the magnificent milestone. Djokovic continued to rewrite tennis history on Sunday as he became the first player ever to win 10 titles at the Australian Open and joined Nadal with a men's singles record of 22 Grand Slam titles after downing Tsitsipas in straight sets. Currently ranked at No 5, Djokovic will also return to No 1 in the world when the rankings update on Monday. It marked the second time that the 24-year-old lost to Djokovic in a Grand Slam final after the 2021 French Open but Tsitsipas was the first to congratulate the now 22-time Major champion for his remarkable achievement. "Novak, I don't know what to say," Tsitsipas said in his runner-up speech. "It speaks for itself, the numbers. Congratulations. Not only to yourself but for your supporting family. It's very similar to how I grew up. It's been an unbelievable journey for you, I admire what you've done for sport and you make me a better player, so thank you." JUST IN: Elena Rybakina hits back at 'disturbing' coach comments after Aus Open  MORE TO FOLLOW We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: express.co.uk/sport/footballStay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @dexpress_sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real time. We're also on Facebook @dailyexpresssport - offering your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day to like, comment and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express and Express.co.uk. 