Ralf Little became the fourth actor to take over the role of lead detective in the comedy-drama Death in Paradise, when he joined the cast in season nine. Fast forward to series 12, and DI Neville Parker is still working hard to investigate murders in Saint Marie, while also trying to enjoy his free time on the stunning island. The BBC series continues to air a new episode every Friday night with another case to crack each time. Little made his first appearance in Death in Paradise in 2020 when Neville Parker took over from DI Jack Mooney (played by Ardal O'Hanlan). Prior to this role, fans would have probably best associated him with the part of Anthony Royale in the hit sitcom The Royale Family. He also starred in Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps for five years as Jonny, alongside Will Mellor, Donna Wilkinson, Sheridan Smith and Louisa Brooks. Some of his other roles have been in Our Zoo, The A Word, Borderline, Married, Single Other and The Cafe. READ MORE: Here's where the original Keeping Up Appearances cast is now Actor Ralf Little is 1.83m tall, the equivalent to 6ft, according to Celeb Heights. He is the tallest among his Death in Paradise co-stars with Don Warrington standing at 5ft 10 and Tahj Miles a little bit shorter at 5ft 8in. His female co-stars, on the other hand, are not too far off with Catherine Bordey actress Elizabeth Bourgine at 5ft 7in, while Darlene's Ginny Holder and Naomi Thomas' Shantol Jackson are a bit taller at 5ft 8in. The shortest among the Death in Paradise cast is Little's potential onscreen love interest. Actress Chelsea Edge joined the BBC series at the start of season 12 as Sophie Chambers. She was arriving in Saint Marie when Neville knocked into her with a suitcase. Since then, there has been a clear flirtationship between them with fans excited to see where their romance can go. Actress Edge, according to her agency Independent Talent, is 5ft 5in tall. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert issues warning to guest over WWI albums [WARNING]Death in Paradise fans 'work out' Neville Parker's death [REACTION]Death in Paradise episode 2 sees the darker side of comic Robert Webb [CAST] The 42-year-old DI Parker actor has previously said he has been able to stay lean thanks to his height. Speaking to The Guardian, Little said: "I am 6ft and I eat whatever I want. "I am lucky enough to have a high metabolism, so I never have to give it a second thought." Little will be returning for another exciting episode this evening, Friday, January 20. The third episode of Death in Paradise season 12 will see another murder investigation opened when a body is discovered on Saint Marie's sandy shores. The synopsis reads: "The team investigates the murder of an estate agent during the private sale of a picturesque beach. "Meanwhile, Marlon leads a counterfeit goods case to impress the Commissioner." Death in Paradise continues every Friday at 9pm on BBC One.