Expats who reside in certain countries see their state pension payments frozen instead of receiving the same hikes that those living in the UK get. Despite these UK pensioners having worked and paid taxes all their life, they will only get payments valued at their retirement date or date of emigration. Britons living abroad in particular countries will not receive any inflationary-hiked increases to their state pensions which will mean they will not receive the triple lock boost. The triple lock is a Government promise, which was made back in 2010, to raise payments either by whichever is higher out of inflation, average earnings or 2.5 percent. Last year, the triple lock was temporarily suspended due to average wages being artificially inflated over the pandemic. With the Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation hitting 10.1 percent in September 2022, state pensions will rise by this rate as it is higher than 2.5 percent or average earnings for that period. READ MORE: Pension triple lock ‘needs reform’ for ‘means-tested’ payments  Those on the full new state pension will see their payments increased to £203.85 a week or £10,600.20 a year. Conversely, older people on the full basic state pension will be getting around £156 a week or £8,100 for the year. State pension increases will be implemented later this year, with the rise being applied on April 10, 2023. Despite this, those living abroad are still set to miss out despite this being the first time the state pension has exceeded £10,000 a year. Anyone who is an older expat residing in specific countries, such as Australia and Canada, will not be awarded a triple lock increase. This leads to many British pensioners living worse-off as a result and being left behind by the social security system. This is despite the fact that these same people may have worked in the UK most of their lives, paid taxes and made National Insurance contributions. Despite this, some pensioners will continue to receive annual increases to their state pension if they move to a country in the European Economic Area (EEA). READ MORE: Waspi women wait for compensation verdict as 'cruel' rumours fly Furthermore, some countries have a reciprocal social security agreement with the UK that takes into account raises to pension payments. These include: Barbados, Bermuda, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Jersey, Guernsey, Isle of Man, Israel, Jamaica, Kosovo, Macedonia, Mauritius, Montenegro, the Philippines, Serbia, Turkey and the United States of America. If an expat’s current country of residence is not on this list, this means they will not see their pensions go up in line with the triple lock. According to the End Frozen Pensions Campaign, 492,000 older people are impacted by this policy. John Duffy, the chair of the International Consortium of British Pensioners, explained: “Although we welcome the rise in UK pensions, we are hugely disappointed that the UK Government is continuing to treat British citizens living in an arbitrary list of countries unfairly. “This outrageously cruel policy is excluding pensioners, many of whom spent their working lives in the UK, and leaving them to face poverty and financial hardship. The UK Government could choose to end this policy now but instead continues to treat British pensioners across the world unequally, despite the contributions they have made to the UK. “We hope the Government will engage in future discussions to end this policy and give all UK pensioners the support they are entitled to, no matter where they live.” A DWP spokesperson previously told Express.co.uk: “We understand that people move abroad for many reasons and that this can impact on their finances. There is information on GOV.UK about what the effect of going abroad will be on entitlement to the UK state pension. "The Government’s policy on the uprating of the UK state pension for recipients living overseas is a longstanding one of more than 70 years. We continue to uprate state pensions overseas where there is a legal requirement to do so.”