A social media influencer who says she "doesn’t like wearing a bra" has revealed the latest alternative to the underwear. The fashion enthusiast, known by her fans under the TikTok handle @mik.whitney, used her imagination as she didn't want to "completely free ball it" and go without support. All it took was swimsuit pads, she said. In the video liked by more than 1,500 TikTok users, she explained she used supporting pads from a swimsuit to avoid ruining the design of her strappy dress with a bra. She said: "So, it wasn't tight enough (the dress) to just stick swimsuit pads in it and have it stay put, or I didn't trust it to, but I did a double-sided tape on the front of the pad and I pressed it against where I wanted it, and then it just stayed in place." Even though the padding is visible when the garment is held up in front of you, Mikayla said that after you put it on, you can't tell since it looks "natural."  TikTok fans expressed their amazement at the hack in the comments and promised to give it a try the next time they were wearing something strappy. Jhopeb11 said: "WHY HAVE I NEVER THOUGHT ABOUT THIS" To which Mikayla responded: "Right!??? It’s a game-changer!! You have to try it. My friend was like wait you have to post this. Why don’t we all do this?" READ MORE: Woman, 72, 'barely looks 40' and uses 'wrinkle-fighting' banana tip Meganharmon46 posted: "GENIUS" Meanwhile, Aldi said: "I love that idea." Churcheva5 commented: "Queensecret is best strapless, backless bra." DON'T MISS:3 hair changes can make you look '10 years younger' [REPORT] 'Michelin star' method for a 'perfect, runny' poached egg [REPORT] Police seize seven animals after donkey is dragged along road by car [REPORT]  She captioned the video: "This is a game changer!! Especially in the summer I HATE having to wear bras or even sticky bras (because they sweat off lol) buuuut I don't always want to completely free-ball it… SO I use double-sided tape and tape swimsuit or sports bra pads onto the inside of the dress! Works great!" She pointed out in the comments section that swimsuits or sports bra pads could be used, saying: "I’ll never be wearing a bra in 100-degree weather again." At the time of publishing this story, Mikayla’s TikTok video had garnered 1610 likes, I 15 comments and 24 shares. READ NEXT:Man astounded by boiled egg method he 'didn't learn until his 30s'TikTok star's death sparks 'serious health risks' warning Woman 'can't stop crying' after no one turns up to her baby showerGet paid £5,000 a month for watching TikTok, YouTube and Netflix Skincare routine of 72-year-old who 'doesn't look a day over 50'