Anthony “Top” Topham, founding guitarist of The Yardbirds has died at the age of 75 after a battle with dementia. The musician, who later adopted the name Sanderson Rasjid after joining the Subud spiritual movement, helped form the pioneering rhythm and blues band in London in May 1963. The news was confirmed by the musician's representatives. A statement from Topham's representative reads: “Sanderson Rasjid, born Anthony ‘Top’ Topham, passed away peacefully on Monday January 23 surrounded by his family. “Born in London on July 3 1947, he was 75 years old and had been fighting dementia in his final years.” His death comes two weeks after that of fellow Yardbird Beck from bacterial meningitis. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson's apology over Meghan remarks only 'teased readers' The late guitarist formed The Yardbirds with Keith Relf, Paul Samwell-Smith, Chris Dreja and Jim McCarty in London in May 1963 but left in October and was replaced by Eric Clapton. Clapton left the group in 1965 and was replaced by the late Jeff Beck, whose death was announced earlier this month. Topham went on to play guitar for Christine McVie, Duster Bennett, and Fleetwood Mac founder Peter Green. In his later life, he also worked as an interior designer and was a mural and fine artist.  Tributes have poured in for the musician online as fans paid tribute. Bruce tweeted: "RIP Anthony 'Top' Topham founder member and original lead guitarist of The Yardbirds when he was 15 years old." EmmWave commented: "Anthony 'Top' Topham. R.I.P." Tommy added: "Rest in peace 'Top'." DON'T MISS... Emmerdale's Charley Webb suffers sleepless nights due to family issue[LATEST]Gemma Atkinson 'hides' baby bump as she warns social media users[PICTURES]Rod Stewart's personal trainer on 'whirlwind' life with star[INSTAGRAM] Topham left The Yardbirds before their commercial breakthrough and was succeeded as lead guitarist by Eric Clapton, then Jeff Beck and finally Jimmy Page. His death comes two weeks after that of fellow Yardbird Beck from bacterial meningitis. Representatives for the guitar virtuoso confirmed on January 11 that Beck died on Tuesday after "suddenly contracting bacterial meningitis ". The late artist's loved ones shared also shared a message on the star's social media, writing: "On behalf of his family, it is with deep and profound sadness that we share the news of Jeff Beck’s passing. "After suddenly contracting bacterial meningitis, he peacefully passed away yesterday. His family ask for privacy while they process this tremendous loss."