A beautifully designed kitchen is essential for several reasons. Primarily, it is the space where many spend the most amount of time with family, cooking, eating, or even working. It's also important to keep in mind that the right kitchen can add to the resale value of a property. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Dawn Filkins, Head of Creative at Smile Kitchens, a UK-based independent kitchen brand with a TrustPilot Excellent Rating offering consumers an alternative way to discover, design and specify their dream kitchen from the comfort of their own home, has shared five trends households should be weary of when updating their kitchen. She said: “Kitchen design is a personal choice. Just like with wine - the best kitchen is the one you personally like the taste of - so never feel pressured into an 'on trend' design if you can't see yourself liking it in years to come. “That being said, if you're not sure where to start, here are some insights into the ever-changing ebb and flow of kitchen trends.” Every now and again, there might be a gloss kitchen that almost convinces you that this trend might be coming back around, however, it's still a kitchen trend to avoid according to designers. Dawn said: “The status quo says they’re falling out of fashion.” She also noted that taking a chance on one of these new, textured finishes might be a gamble in terms of longevity as “the glossier the surface the more prone to scratching it can be so think twice before opting for this.” READ MORE: Remove ‘extremely stubborn’ stains from oven glass with ‘cheap’ staple But for those who do decide that glossy laminate worktops are the way forward, the kitchen designer advised considering a more matt finish. She said: “Matt can have a more premium feel and won’t fade over time, plus finger-marks are not as obvious.” Another mistake to avoid is not making the most of the kitchen space, according to Dawn this is a “big no no in 2023”. She said: “If you’re going to the effort of remodelling then be wise with your space and your storage. Think about how you’re going to use it and what is actually practical. Plain shelving in your cupboards doesn’t make your life easier, but a pull out larder might.” Leaving some parts of the kitchen empty is not good either aesthetically or from a functional point of view. This is why it is essential to take measurements with extreme precision. DON'T MISS‘Great methods’ to remove ‘tough’ yellow stains from pillows [EXPERT]Five ‘effective’ tips to keep your home ‘warmer for longer’ for less [TIPS]Houseplant expert warns where to ‘never’ place peace lilies in winter [INSIGHT] The right depths and heights allow for better storage of food, as well as having wider work surfaces, increasing their practicality. White will always have a place in the kitchen, whether that's through painted cabinetry or a marble countertop. However, going all-white is a design mistake that may make a space feel “plain and clinical”. Dawn said: “When you’re stuck on colour it can be tempting to opt for white given its timeless appeal. However, we would advise avoiding an all-white kitchen and instead introduce some contrast with textures, off-whites and colours which will add points of interest and avoid being clinical and plain. “2023 is all about adding flair and personality to your home, think Pantone Colour of the Year, Vivid Magenta.” READ MORE: ‘Clever’ tips to make small kitchens appear larger - features to avoid One of the best ways to balance a kitchen’s colour scheme is through the cabinets. Households should sample their preferred colour first so they know exactly what works before buying. According to the designer, cheap appliances are definitely one to avoid as she shared that the saying “buy cheap buy twice” sprung to mind when purchasing appliances. Dawn explained: “They might seem like a good idea at the time but cheap, off-brand appliances cost more to run and last less time – you may pay more in the long run! “If you're tight on budget then our advice would be to spend a little more on things like ovens and hobs that’ll be used every day. That’s why we give our customers 10 percent off appliances from AO.com – so they can get the best appliance possible for their budget." Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea This one may seem surprising to hear as black and matte black kitchen taps were an exciting trend not so long ago, but what many might not be aware of is the level of maintenance required to keep water marks at bay, especially in hard water areas. Instead, the black brassware trend is shifting towards a more metallic aesthetic. Dawn said: “For 2023, we’re seeing a big shift towards different metallic finishes and more ornate style brassware – and even handles -  with a particular growth in mixed metals which are seen to create a high end feel.” For those who still adore the black brassware trend it could be worth using brass as the cabinetry hardware or for the light fixtures because they can be easily changed out. For the more permanent fixtures, such as the kitchen sink faucet it is worth opting for a metallic finish as advised by the kitchen designer.