Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has confirmed he has been dealt a fresh injury blow ahead of Wednesday's Premier League trip to Crystal Palace. And the Red Devils boss has revealed his plan for new signing Wout Weghorst's debut after joining on a short loan from Burnley. United travel to Selhurst Park searching for a 10th successive win, riding the momentum from Saturday's sensational 2-1 derby victory against Manchester City. Anthony Martial was a doubt heading into the clash but started at Old Trafford before Ten Hag withdrew him at half-time after not looking 100 per cent. And the Dutchman has since confirmed that Martial wasn't fully fit and was 'complaining' about an injury after the first half, leading to his withdrawal. "I hoped to avoid that he was getting injured, but he was complaining." Ten Hag told reporters."That's why he also didn't train in the week and was a question mark [for the derby]. "We decided - and he decided as well - to start. He begged to start. I knew the start would be so important in this game, and he is really good at pressing, and he is a really big element in our pressing. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE "But I needed to re-evaluate at half-time. As you saw, he was not capable to go 100 per cent, and this is what you need. And also to avoid him getting injured, so we took him off, but it also had a negative impact on our game after half-time." Martial will be considered a doubt for the Palace game, but Ten Hag now has another option after recruiting Weghorst last week. Following the Man City triumph, he confirmed he would consider handing the 30-year-old his United debut in south London. He said: "I have to think about that [Weghorst debut against Palace]. First, settle down after this game, make the right conclusions and then we will make a clear plan for Palace. DON'T MISS: Jadon Sancho 'gets Man Utd return date' as Erik ten Hag handed boost "Of course, I know a lot about Palace - we faced them also in pre-season and know how their team is - but the total plan I don't have now. I didn't construct it until now. "So from this point on, we can construct the plan and prepare the team in the right way." The Red Devils could make a handful of changes midweek as they prepare for Sunday's top-of-the-table trip to the Emirates Stadium, where Premier League leaders Arsenal await. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here