Last week, Lisa Marie Presley suffered a cardiac arrest at home in California, before being rushed to hospital. Tragically she was pronounced brain-dead by doctors who placed her into an induced coma. The family of Elvis Presley’s daughter signed a do-not-resuscitate order in case she suffered another cardiac arrest. Sadly she died after a second one, during her hospitalisation. Following the shocking news that the 54-year-old singer had died, tributes began pouring in including one from her brother Navarone Garibaldi, who alluded to their relationship not always being the easiest. Elvis had his only daughter Lisa Marie with Priscilla Presley, who he was married to from 1967-1973. Their child was born exactly nine months to the day after their wedding night on February 1, 1968. After their divorce 50 years ago, Priscilla ended up dating screenwriter turned computer programmer Marco Garibaldi from 1984-2006. Together they had a son, Lisa Marie’s half-brother Navarone Garibaldi, who was born on March 1, 1987 when his mother was filming the TV show Dallas. Her pregnancy was even written into the series. The 35-years-old reptile lover followed his family into the world of music, as the frontman of Them Guns. His LA-based rock band, in which he sings and plays guitar, is influenced by Nine Inch Nails, Nirvana, Kings of Leon and The Chemical Brothers. Navarone married his Swiss girlfriend Elisa in her home country in February last year, as revealed by his mother. Touchingly, Memphis Mafia member and close friend of Elvis, Jerry Schilling, officiated the wedding. Upon news of Lisa Marie’s death, her brother posted a picture of himself as a toddler, playing with his older sister. READ MORE: Priscilla Presley's son marries in stunning Switzerland ceremony Naravone wrote on his Instagram: “Big sister… I hope you are now at peace and happy with your Dad and your son by your side. I know the past couple years weren’t easy for you, and I wish things had been different between us. Regardless, you are my sister and I’m sending love and prayers for your journey home. I still can’t believe this, I’m lost for words. Love you sis. Beijos. [heartbroken emoji].” DON'T MISSElvis ex shares memories of Lisa Marie with King upstairs at Graceland [GRACELAND UPSTAIRS]Elvis' daughter Lisa Marie worked in a British fish and chip shop [LISA MARIE]Elvis fans heartbroken for Lisa Marie as she honours King's birthday [ELVIS 88TH] Aside from her mother and brother, Lisa Marie also leaves behind three daughters. They are Riley Keough, 33, and 14-year-old twins Harper and Finley Lockwood. The trio of Elvis’ grandchildren will inherit Graceland and Elvis’ possessions now that their mother has died. Their brother Benjamin Keough, who died at 27 in 2020, is buried by his grandfather in the Memphis mansion’s Meditation Garden. Lisa Marie said long before she died that there’s a space for her final resting place there too. Her eldest daughter has now confirmed that she’ll be buried next to her son.