 Starz’s hit crime drama, BMF made its eagerly awaited return to screens on Sunday with the season two premiere. Ahead of the release, actor Russell Hornsby spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and teased his character Charles could have yet another major falling out with his other son, Terry Flenory (played by DaVinci Juste).   BMF tells the real-life story of brothers Meech Flenory (Meech Flenory Jr) and Terry as they became one of America’s most notorious crime families. Together they were able to rise the ranks through their multi-state drug and money laundering organisation. However, this didn’t come without danger which Terry confirmed he didn’t want to be a part of. During the season one finale, he stepped away from the life of crime to start a new family business with his father but after a major clue, there could be more trouble ahead.  READ MORE: Prince Harry's claims of Camilla 'planting stories' shut down  BMF returned with a major shift to the organisation, after months of yearning for more responsibility B-Mickie (Myles Truitt) had become the second man in command, after Terry’s exit. Despite enjoying the fast cash and the luxuries it came with, Terry decided to stay out of the streets after welcoming a baby with his girlfriend, LaWanda Roosevelt (Sydney Mitchell). His tight-knit family dynamic had also become frail as his parents begged him not to follow in the footsteps of his older brother, Meech. Terry was also dealing with the trauma of being shot in the eye after a violent attack, which resulted in permanent eye damage after a botched surgery. But after being awarded thousands following a hospital malpractice lawsuit, he and Charles started the Flenory car ride business. Although it’s honest work and sparks the hope of something positive for the family, actor Russell Hornsby hinted at a major feud. Speaking on the tensions ahead, he teased: “You can trust that if one is not doing right by the home, then you've got to kick rocks to and tell your story walking. DON'T MISS...Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry [INSIGHT]BMF fans rage as crime series resurrects character [INSIGHT]BMF season 2: Star drops hint at trouble ahead of Markaisha and Terry [INSIGHT] “That’s just really what it boils down to and I think Charles wants it to work, that's why he goes into business with his son.” Russell explained: “He wants to leave a legacy, he wants to give him something he can build on and if it doesn't work out, or if Terry's not receptive to it, you can bet your bottom dollar that he'll be asked to hit the door.” In season one, fans will remember how heated the household became after Russell and his wife Lucille (Michole Briana White) discovered Meech’s gun. After warnings and threats, Meech was eventually kicked out of the family home for refusing to leave the gang.  As this is a true story, it’s known Terry ends up rejoining the Black Mafia Family but it's yet to be seen how this will affect his relationship with Charles. However, his exit left things strained for him and Meech which was evident after he ignored his brother’s fist bump as they watched a basketball game. To make matters worse, after a disagreement in the back of a Flenory car, Meech threw a wad of cash at Terry’s face and called him a “broke ass n***a.” With Meech’s impulsive nature, it’s likely Terry was forced to step back into the life of crime to help his brother with a potentially life-threatening situation. BMF season 2 continues Sundays on Starz in the US and on LIONSGATE+ in the UK. 