Meghan Markle was unable to fulfill a promise she made to the Queen when she first met her, royal author Gyles Brandreth has claimed. The Duchess first met the Queen during a 20 minute meeting at Windsor Castle. It was a last-minute arrangement, meaning Meghan had to get a quick lesson in how to curtsey from Prince Harry's auntie, Sarah Ferguson. Mr Brandreth said that Meghan and the Queen immediately built a rapport, chatting about the actress' career and life in Canada. In his book Elizabeth: An intimate Portrait, Mr Brandreth wrote that Meghan made it clear during the meeting that she would focus on royal duties. He wrote: "She did everything she could to make her future granddaughter-in-law feel welcome. She was concerned for her future happiness. At their first meeting, the Queen said to Meghan: 'You can carry on being an actress if you like – that’s your profession, after all.' "But Meghan was ready for royal duty and, of course, the Queen was delighted by that. She was particularly delighted by the enthusiasm Meghan showed for the Commonwealth and the commitment she made to the Queen to do 'whatever you think we should be doing for the Commonwealth'." Mr Brandreth also claimed that Meghan made a promise to the Queen that she would not let her down on the Commonwealth. He continued: "She promised the Queen that when it came to the Commonwealth she wouldn’t let Her Majesty down. The Queen liked Meghan and told lots of people so." Meghan was later appointed the Vice President of The Queen's Commonwealth Trust. When the Sussexes left the royal fold in 2020, they announced that they planned to " balance our time between the United Kingdom and North America, continuing to honour our duty to The Queen, the Commonwealth, and our patronages." READ MORE: King Charles’ Coronation Concert will show his love of classical music But the Queen blocked the idea of a 'half-in, half-out' role for the couple. This didn't please Harry and Meghan. A spokesperson for the couple said at the time: "As evidenced by their work over the past year, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex remain committed to their duty and service to the UK and around the world, and have offered their continued support to the organisations they have represented regardless of official role. We can all live a life of service. Service is universal." Meghan and Harry may have criticised various senior royals, but the Queen always received adulation from the couple. When Harry and Meghan spoke to the BBC in their first interview as a couple back in 2017, they described Meghan's first two encounters with the late monarch. DON'T MISSPrince Harry to ask judge to rule in his favour without trial [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton's hobbies include being ‘really bad’ at knitting [ANALYSIS]Queen Mathilde of Belgium celebrates 50th birthday [INSIGHT] Meghan said: "It's incredible, I think, you know, a) to be able to meet her through his lens, not just with his honour and respect for her as the monarch, but the love that he has for her as his grandmother, all of those layers have been so important for me so that when I met her I had such a deep understanding and of course incredible respect for being able to have that time with her. "She's an incredible woman." Harry responded: "The corgis took to [Meghan] straight away. I've spent the last 33 years being barked at; this one walks in, absolutely nothing." Meghan then added: "Just laying on my feet during tea, it was very sweet" to which Harry continued: "just wagging tails and I was just like 'Argh'".