A Mercedes-driving pensioner has been arrested after reportedly driving on the wrong side of the M4 motorway for over 20 miles this morning. Wiltshire Police were called just after 3am this morning by someone who said they'd seen a Mercedes being driven at excessive speed on the wrong side of the carriageway. Officers have arrested the man, who is in his early 60s, on suspicion of drink driving, driving whilst unfit and dangerous driving. The Mercedes A 200 AMG was reportedly driving at excess speed down the motorway between junctions 14 and 15 Officers attended the M4 at junction 16 and spotted the car moving west on the eastbound carriageway on the third lane. Multiple attempts were made to stop the car but the driver kept going against ongoing traffic. READ MORE: Emergency winter package plans to open up 1,000 to 2,000 beds  The dangerous car eventually stopped after passing Leigh Delamere services. In a statement, Inspector Will Ayres of Wiltshire Police said: "We are aware multiple members of the public passed this driver and were understandably exceptionally concerned.  "Considering the distance travelled by this vehicle on the wrong side of the carriageway, it is a miracle that nobody was injured or involved in a collision. "I am pleased that officers were able to bring this to a safe conclusion and a man is currently in custody for questioning." The man remains in custody at Gablecross Police Station in Swindon. Wiltshire Police are calling for anyone with dash cam footage to contact them by calling 101 and quoting their reference number 54230002646.  The M4 motorway crosses Berkshire and connects Reading, Wokingham and Bracknell to London. Junction 15 Eastbound is the Swindon junction and Junction 14 Eastbound is Hungerford. Controversial building work to turn the M4 into a smart motorway was recently completed after four years of upheaval from locals. The motorway has been massively disrupted since 2018 because of the National Highways building project, which replaced the hard shoulder with a live traffic lane. Junctions 14 and 15 are not covered by the smart motorway which stretches 32 miles from Junction 3 Hayes to Junction 12 Theale.