Novak Djokovic has admitted to being "hurt" after holding private talks with his dad where the decision was made by the family for Srdjan Djokovic not to attend the Australian Open final. Djokovic's father was at the centre of media scrutiny after his was spotted posing for pictures with Russians waving flags with Vladimir Putin's face on. He soon put out a statement pleading his innocence and announced he would skip his son's semi-final match against Tommy Paul to ensure his son wasn't distracted by any outside noise. Djokovic had hoped the media attention would die down enough for his father to return to his usual seat for Sunday's final, but Srdjan was nowhere to be seen throughout the match. Emotions were running high when Djokovic beat Stefanos Tsitsipas in straight sets to clinch his 10th Australian Open title. Djokovic collapsed to the floor in tears after celebrating with his family while his father was watching from elsewhere. The pair were finally reunited a while after the presentations finished with Djokovic spotted in a warm embrace with his father. And the 22-time Grand Slam champion has spoken of the painful conversation the family had where the decision was made for Srdjan not to take his seat in the stands.  "I thought the things will calm down in terms of media and everything, but it didn't," he said. "We both agreed it would probably be better that he is not there. "That hurts me and him a lot because these are very special, unique moments. Who knows if they repeat again. So it was not easy for him.  "I saw him after the match, of course. Yeah, he was not feeling his best, let's say, even though he was very happy to hug me and of course with everything. I could see that, yeah, he's a bit sad. Look, it is what it is. I think in the end also what he told me is that it's important that I feel good on the court, I win the match, and he's here for me. "If it's going to be better for me as the outcome of the match so that he's not in the box, then so be it. That was the whole conversation. "In a way I'm also sad that he was not there, present, in the stands. But he was throughout the entire tournament, so it's fine. In the end we have a happy ending."