The Masked Singer season four welcomed 12 new celebrities to the stage, where they would get the chance to dress up in unusual costumes to conceal their identities during performances. Every week, fans of the ITV series closely follow what's said in the clue package and come up with new predictions for all of the characters. One particular name that has stuck for the first few weeks of the show has been singer Charlie Simpson. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Masked Singer.When Rhino performed Chasing Cars by Snow Patrol in the debut episode of The Masked Singer's latest series, fans were amazed. The panel, made up of Jonathan Ross, Rita Ora, Davina McCall and Mo Gilligan were equally impressed with some vowing straight away that it was a professional singer. Some of the guesses so far have included James Blunt, Rylan Clark, Russell Brand and Freddie Flintoff. Among the most popular predictions so far for Rhino though has been former lead singer of Busted and Fightstar frontman Charlie Simpson. READ MORE: Prince Andrew is 'using 'Harry's attacks' to 'clear his name' In the first clue package for Rhino, there was a list of crimes which someone could be "busted" for, linking to the iconic noughties band. Another fan pointed out on Twitter: "The population of the town was 158697 – which is a mixed up version of his D.O.B – 7/6/1985!" A third potential tie to the band which also starred Matt Willis and James Bourne, is the three arrows pointing downwards. Busted's self-titled 2002 album cover featured three arrows pointing down at each of the members so once again ties in with the group. While it seems as if more clues are connecting to Simpson, not everyone is as convinced. TommyD, music producer, and co-founder of TokenTraxx has been working for decades in the music industry, collaborating with artists like Beyonce, Adele and Kanye West. He can hear the finer details in someone's voice that may not be as recognisable to the general public. When TommyD spoke to Express.co.uk about Rhino, he believed the 37-year-old couldn't be behind Rhino. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle 'converted' Prince Harry to 'new religion of woke' [ROYAL]The Masked Singer's Knitting 'uncovered' as Broadchurch star [THEORY]The Masked Singer's Jacket Potato 'exposed' as comedy legend [EXPLAINER] He explained: "Rhino's got a very UK style voice, a rounded tone so definitely not US who tend to have more of an edge to their singing. "I know a lot of people think it's Charlie from Busted but he's got that US punk thing in his voice so to me it's not him." Despite Simpson having an American vibe according to TommyD, he is actually from East Suffolk and now resides in Surrey with his wife and two sons. Of course, there is another rockstar who has been mentioned numerous times. Singer James Arthur won The X Factor in 2012 and has since had hits with tunes such as Say You Won't Let Go, Naked, Train Wreck and Empty Space. One of the clues possibly linking him to Rhino was in a riddle where he said someone may think of him as "muggy". Arthur briefly dated The Masked Singer panelist Rita Ora after he won The X Factor. So could it be Arthur behind the mask or is Rhino really Simpson after all? The Masked Singer airs every Saturday at 8pm on ITV.