At £9.35 per item in England, NHS prescription charges can soon add up and many people will be looking for ways to save money where they can. Some 15 groups of Britons are eligible for free prescriptions including people under 16, pregnant mothers and people on low incomes.  Currently, over 60s are also eligible for free prescriptions although this could rise in line with the state pension age in the future if a proposal goes ahead. In total, 15 groups are exempt from paying the prescription fee of £9.35 per item, including those aged 60 and over. Anyone who doesn't qualify for free prescriptions but is on long-term medication may be better off applying for a Pre-Payment Certificate (PPC). This costs £30.25 for three months and £108.10 for 12 months and could help people save money if they rely on more than one prescription per month. READ MORE: 13 money-saving tips to help you feed your family for £20 a week Prescription medication is free for everyone in Scotland and Wales no matter what their age, yet people in England have to pay for NHS prescriptions until they are 60 years old. DON'T MISS:Santander has increased interest rates for savers [UPDATE]Reducing thermostat can knock £300 off energy bills a year [ALERT]Pensioners urged to be ‘strategic’ as tax can apply to state pension [WARNING] The 15 groups who qualify for free NHS prescriptions are:  Free prescriptions are also available to some people on legacy benefits like tax credits. To qualify, people should have a valid NHS tax credit exemption certificate, however, people can show their award notice to prove eligibility. People usually qualify if they are in receipt of Child Tax Credits, Working Tax Credits with a disability element and are paid an income of £15,276 or less. Everyone who qualifies should be sent a valid NHS certificate for full help with health costs (HC2).  A spokesperson for the DHSC said nearly 90 percent of people in England are entitled to free NHS prescriptions. They said: “We recognise the pressures people are facing with the rising cost of living and we are taking action to support households, including freezing prescription charges for the first time in 12 years. "Thanks to our extensive arrangements to help people afford NHS prescription charges, 89 percent of prescriptions in England are already provided free of charge." To find out more about PPCs and whether they are worth purchasing, people should go to the NHS website.  